Shillong, Naiwieng 03: Police in East Garo Hills have arrested a woman from Nagaland and a man from Nigeria. I'm going to work in Williamnagar.
Shillong, Lber 01: BSF troops today intercepted a smuggling operation from Meghalaya to Bangladesh and seized a large quantity of sugar, medicines and Indian currency from Umsyiem. within East Khasi Hills District.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Deputy Chief Executive Member Pyniaid Syiem said that the Rangbah Shnongs especially of Shillong were invited to discuss four issues, cleanliness, The ban on plastic, the issuance of NOCs on trading licences, drugs and the Khasi Hills Solid Waste Management Bill will be introduced in the session on Tuesday.
The party demanded that the law enforcement agencies should conduct a thorough investigation so that they do not escape easily from the chains of the law.
The Union Minister in charge of Youth Affairs and Sports, Anurag Thakur inaugurated the 10-month program on 1st March in Prayagrajha, Uttar Pradesh.
The BSF has seized 70 cows worth T.12 lakh from Nayabazar. The cows have been seized from Nayabazar. , Pyrdwaha, Umsiyem, Muktapur, West Jaintia Hills and Patharghat, Rasnagiri, South West Khasi Hills district of Meghalaya.
The arrest of these persons was made in connection with the robbery of petrol pumps in Meghalaya, one from Ri Bhoi, Shillong and Khliehriat. until the arrest of these robbers.
Shillong, Nailar 13: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) today said that the meeting of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) will soon be held to discuss the mid-term elections in Shella. The post of Speaker of the House of Representatives, Dr Donkupar Roy, has passed away.
“In East Jaintia Hills and West Khasi Hills, the coal traders have honored the Chief Minister after he promised that the State Government will complete the Mining Policy within a year after the National Green Tribunal (NGT) “The mining of coal has been banned in Meghalaya,” he said.
Shillong, Nailar 14: The residents of seven villages in Balat area have been facing a serious problem where they have not received rice, umphnian gsharak for two months and sugar. for many years.
The Chief Minister said that the state government does not have any rules for the government officials, but what the state government follows is the Yellow Book of the central government laid down by the Ministry of Home Affairs. house of the central government.
Other office bearers of the MIPF who have been elected are P.Khongwir Symbut President, General Secretary Joyfullson Timung, B Nongbit Symbut Secretary, Finance Secretary Peterkin Lyngdoh and journalist elected Bah Phiriel Tsang.
Police will continue to work hard to fight against these traffickers.
He said that if the government cannot protect the jaidbynriew, the border, the land, it should issue gun licenses to the members of the jaidbynriew who have 18 years of age or older who are on the border to protect themselves. you pud you sam.
The award will be presented by Vice President of India Jagdeep Dhankhar.
Thermal screening will continue to be conducted at the entry and exit points to avoid overcrowding.
Sohblei Richard Majaw as VG advised the youth that the Church needs more youth. He said that the Church is not a house of stones or stone buildings but it is the heart of a good life.
In a letter written to the Chief Secretary, they said: “We understand the insistence of people in political parties and religious groups to remove the DC,” they said. establish.
In a statement sent today, the East Jaintia Hills District Police said that on 24/8/2023 a public hearing was held at Meghalaya Cements Limited, Thangskai. the police and the crowd.
The provision of Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) at customs stations is one of the steps in this direction to facilitate tax and customs activities which will require self-management.
They also decided to send a letter to the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma on these committees and the government should submit the reports of these three committees to the political parties within two months. .
“Regarding the recent rape of Fullness Lyngdoh and Poipynhun Majaw, President of JYF, AJYWO strongly urges the law enforcement authorities to investigate the case. “We must continue to investigate until we find all the robbers who were involved in the killing of these two Bapli and also to punish them severely according to the law,” he said. Bah JR Siangshai, Vice President of AJYWO Central Body.
In the senior girls category, Mebarika Shadap, Presila Lyngdoh and Christine Lyngkhoi won, while in the senior boys category, Romenwell Lyngdoh won.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister of India congratulated all those leaders of the world who have congratulated him on the delivery of this vaccine to prevent the spread of COVID-1
Firstborn Manner of the UDP, Lamdibok Sumer (INC), Smen Kyndait (BJP) and Losing Lakuna as independent candidates.
It is learned that the group has requested permission to meet the Prime Minister on this issue.
To prevent this from the destruction of water sources, there is no other way, except to preserve the forests, take care of the water sources. keep the waters clean.
All the kids see their future as scientists," he said.
New Delhi, March 25: Prime Minister Narendra Modi has inaugurated the PM Ayushman Bharat Health Infrastructure Mission.
The decision of the FKJGP is a major decision and it is because as the party they believe that it sees the problems of the people in the region as a whole.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: A tree has suddenly collapsed near the Mantri Mandir in Polo on Saturday night at 12:00 pm. This is the custom of the Hindus.
The three winners will receive a cash prize of T.100,000/- lakh tyngka. There will also be other prizes for the winners. different.
The budget introduced today does not have any surprises but it is the same from one year to another. The increase in the budget for transportation and government is an increase. which is the same from year to year.
These villages which are not on the list do not mean that they are not in Meghalaya but they are already in Meghalaya. Both the states have taken those villages which are already on the list and there is no need to include them in the list.
He said that the relationship in the world today is always a relationship of income, and this is happening even in the homes as well.
It’s good to mix it up.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: Police today seized 111.18 kilograms of heroin from a truck (AS-01-AY-) at Umkiang. 6969 trains from Silchar to Guwahati.
Replying to a question by George B Lyngdoh, the Minister of Rural Development said that the government is now preparing to appoint full time BDOs in all the blocks.
He said the decision of the Mazdoor Union to stop the strike to stop importing fuel to Meghalaya, came after the people expressed their grievances and made it clear that if they stop importing fuel to Meghalaya, This has caused a great deal of trouble to the people of Meghalaya.
The Superintendent of Police, West Garo Hills, said that Bernard N Marak from Uttar Pradesh has been arrested and is now in the custody of the police.
The rest of the money is with the District Election Officers and they are currently holding a meeting to seek clarification from the owners of the money.
She urged the people not to take a clear decision when they go to vote.
Shillong, July 19: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday protested against the decision of the CM to implement the long standing demands such as the Inner Line Permit.
In the articles carried by the supporters of AIM, they have strongly expressed their opposition to 5G and written that it kills people, wrote that the truth is that they do not want to protect but to have dominion over you and me.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Hamletson Dohling, who is also the former General Secretary of the party, said: That the leaders of the KSU come and go but the KSU will remain and should continue to strengthen from time to time.
All information about the 53rd IFFI can be found on the festival website, PIB(), IFFI's social media accounts on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram as well as on its social media accounts. GDP Goa.
In relation to coal, the government has deceived the people by promising during the elections to release coal within three months if it comes to power, but till now the government has not formulated a mining policy to to reopen the coal mine.
When there is any problem, the government should open its doors for dialogue to move the country forward.
At present, 12 or 13 villages of Nonglang Hima have moved to Assam, villages of Jyrngam Hima have moved to Assam, villages of Jinrang and Nongspung Hima have moved to Assam. Jimrigaon and Lyngkhung were the two villages under the Nongpsung and Jirang Himas.
The Chief Minister said that there have been other discussions but as they have not yet taken a decision, they have been sent back to the government for further investigation. they have not made a decision cannot be told.
'Ka Mann Ki Baat has been the voice of many stories of determination from the North East.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The High Power Committee (HPC) under the chairmanship of the Speaker of the House, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh today met to discuss the collapse of the Dome of the newly constructed Assembly building at Mawdiangdiang.
PPSP is a pump storage technology that produces hydropower.
Quallapaty Presbyterian School was also present at the celebration. There was also a ceremony to mark the 25th Anniversary of the Rangbah Shnong of Bah Martamlin Pyrbot. .
The book also states that a husband can marry a family member and after marriage he comes only at night and does not leave in the morning. many women apart from their husbands and this book is written against the laws and customs of the Khasi people.
In this regard, guidelines for the implementation of the portal and registration of employees have already been released to the States and UTs.In view of the COVID situation, it has been decided to open the This portal through the internet and handed over to the states to start the registration of non-government employees across the country.
Leaders of the MCTA were also present on the occasion, led by Dr BH Buam President, members of the KSU. teachers.
Police have investigated the incident and found that there are two persons who have committed the crime and have arrested them. They are Md.Neshan Uddin 22, and Md. .Jahir Hussain 23 years old.
At present, the gate at Sabuda, which has been set up by the Karbi Anglong District Council, is blocking vehicles.
“He said that there is no new building to be constructed as the Government has already asked for assistance from schools and colleges to accommodate the players and officials.
Shillong, Lber 17: The Minister of Home (Jail) Bah AL Hek today said that the state government has already approved the construction of the Shillong District Jail for the release of prisoners. T.8,46,45,000 crore has been allocated.
In these days, the police have said that the law will do its part if they get sufficient evidence.
Kumar said there will be 97 crore voters across the country and 10.5 lakh polling stations in the country.
“There are shops that are closed, some are open, some have licenses and some are not licensed. bag, you shouldn't give it to me.
Shillong, July 13: The preparation of the venue for the public meeting of the President of India Droupadi Murmu near the Law Kyntang in Mawphlang has progressed till today. public.
Speedy disposal of these cases will ease the backlog of cases.
The government instead of searching for the youth of the area should immediately search and arrest these officers of UCIL who came to work and entered the area illegally.
The aim is to have a clean governance that brings about progress, these cannot be achieved only in one hour and two hours, one day or two days, but these last for years. The voters should think from now on to have an understanding and a recognition of the future and for the good of the people and of the state and the peace and stability there will be full freedom for those who Many of these are the reasons why they hold this service on this Independence Day, said Rev EH Kharkongor.
The third team was Seng Khasi Nongmadan led by Shemborlang Sawkmie and Diwansing Rani and Malki. They were led by B. Kharmawphlang and Deiborlang Nongsteng.
The Returning Officer said that with the announcement of the General Election to the Lok Sabha-2024 by the Election Commission of India on
At the same time, he strongly warned all the contractors, companies, businessmen including the Village Authorities who allow foreigners to buy in the Upper Shillong area. Mylliem and at the same time he urged them to cooperate with the Seng for the good of the Jaitbynriew.
Welcome to all students from Ri-Bhoi District to prepare for the CUET examination for Under Graduate. Khasi from other districts where they can take part in the online class.
According to the KHADC, the preparation of the site is not only to have houses to serve as a health center and education center at the same time but also to plant herbal medicines in the site.
“We have taken the suggestions of the Dorbar Shnongs and set a time limit of 3 weeks to a month for them to submit many of the proposals for the approved renovations. Dorbar Shnongs should start setting up VDPs to assist the police and the government in the fight against drug abuse from the villages.
: it means 'it is a short word for people;it moves from one place to another,it moves around;it means a place used or built so that people or people can move around. car.
Through this letter, Bah Adelbert urged the Minister to postpone the closure of traffic from Umiam Bridge to 1st June, 2024 due to the complaints of the people who have to pass through this bridge. and that the 31st also falls on Sunday which is the day Christians celebrate Easter Sunday or the Resurrection of the Lord Jesus.
Shillong, Nailur 07: The General Secretary of the BJP in charge of Meghalaya, Nalin Kholi today said that no Congress MLAs have yet met him.
During the programme, the Prime Minister also inaugurated the Swarnim Gujarat Sports University at Desar.
In his speech, Bah Rowell said that the government wants to bring all the benefits to the people to make them happier.
A total of 25,744 samples have been taken so far, 24,987 have tested negative and 318 are awaiting results. 22,105 have returned to the state.
The President of the MPMC in a recent meeting condemned the rape cases in the state.
The meeting was led by the Chairman of the Khasi Heritage Village Management Committee, Bah Victor Rani in the presence of the Executive Members (EMs) of KHADC, the Speaker of the KHADC, Bah Lamphrang Blah, officers of the council and departments. state government.
One of the appeals made by Bah Herman Nongrum was 'May in this New Year the pandemic of measles that has spread around the world disappear for the health of the people of the world'
The order said that the office has received information that many government employees working in the Main Secretariat and Additional Secretariat buy goods online and bring them to the Secretariat.
They were taken to Nongpoh Civil Hospital by 108 ambulance.
The Pastor said that the KJPA has not done anything wrong when it gave the use of these houses to the MLCU because in the beginning it was sufficient, until there were problems later.
He said that in its 100 years of journey, the club has encountered many challenges and challenges as well.
On 10.12.2012, the RBI has issued another notice for the information of the public, said the Union Minister of State for Child Development in the Lok Sabha today. India, according to the newspaper.
The MPF hopes that the Governor will use his office for the benefit of the people.
On the other hand, Congress MLA Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh has expressed her deep sorrow over the sudden death of Dr Azad Zaman MLA of Rajabala and said that she will visit his constituency to pay her last respects to him. old.
The letter sent from the office of the Governor to the University has been published in the English section by SP News Agency.
Police are conducting investigation.
In another incident, Nenak M Sangma has lodged a complaint with the police, saying that Naddu Sheik abducted her daughter on the 19th of this month from Sakamronggre village.
In a statement sent to the media, Dr Donkupar said, “We believe that there is only that agreement before or after the election, that agreement behind the election is not the same. Everyone knows that there was no alliance with the BJP, why should Dr Mukul blame the UDP and the HSPDP? “It is the failure of the Congress party that has led to the rise of the BJP in the central government as well as in the states,” said Dr Donkupar.
Bah Shylla said that foreigners are trading in our people to buy land and to do many trade activities. Don't be afraid of sherkhei, so before you can reach that time you don't have to protect yourself.
The objectives of accredited institutions such as universities, among others, include the provision of higher education that brings excellence in various fields of knowledge.
He said that there are many reasons why he does not want to announce that it will be too late to start the maintenance of this road.
For the years 2021, 2022 and 2023, the counseling for UG seats will start on 19/1/2022, 11/10/2022 and 20/7/2
Lyngdoh said that the vendors can go to Cyber ​​to fill out their application if they can, but if they want to collect the forms, they are available at the office. Raitong Building until next Tuesday.
C Villager who received a cash prize of 25,000 tyngka and syrnot.
They have been forced to flee immediately to Meghalaya. This incident of violence against the Khasi indigenous people in Manipur continues to happen from time to time despite the pressure of the Khasi people. Shri Biren Singh, Chief Minister of Manipur and KSU in
The Secretary said that in Meghalaya, the vaccination will start for children from the age of six months to the age of 100 years.
Under the encouraging leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, they have decided to bring about a strong health system in the country, strong in the integration of traditional medicine and modern health care from the role of building Swastha Bharat, the foundation on which we will achieve Modiji's goal of Viksit Bharat.
The MPHRC reminds everyone that human rights are guaranteed to all by the Charter of the United Nations as declared in 1948, the protection of human rights is essential. Dino DG Dympep Shongknor and NJ Nongrem, Secretary General of MPGRC, said that the MPGRC will not be able to be replaced by any other.
However, the mother died on the 8th of this month at the Civil Hospital Shillong. Police said that if anyone has any information about the mother, they can go and see her. My body was laid to rest at the Civil Hospital.
Shillong, Lber 11: Several houses have been destroyed by a sudden earthquake in Dalu area of ​​West Garo Hills at around 8 pm today. No casualties have been reported in the incident.
MPF spokesperson and working president of the UDP, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said that the opposition will meet the Governor to inform him about the state of peace and order in the country. the state.
Shillong, November 13: U Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma in reply to a question raised by Bah Pynshngianlang Syiem on the topic “The MMDC will mine coal in the name of the owners”.
At the same time, the three Sordars, who were present at the Shillong Press Club today, while speaking to the media, said that they are aware that if anyone These three villages will not take responsibility for the misuse of the seal and the government departments will not accept any writings relating to the residents.
John Kharshiing expects the State Government to fulfill and implement the agreements and commitments of the Khasi States, said John Kharshiing in a statement sent today.
On that day, the Dorbar Kur will also elect new office bearers and arrange for all the activities of the Kur until the end of the year.
There has been vaccination of 3,429 people in the territories of the defense forces.
“He also understood that the JNC is ready to take strong action if the State Government does not stop the construction of the railway line to East Jaintia Hills.
There are currently two cases of COVID-19, 10 recoveries and one death.
Regarding any matter, it is up to the CEO of the state to take the necessary action, the office has sent the report as received.
This is the journey to Atmanirbharta (self-realization) which is still underway.
On receiving this information, police arrested him in Guwahati and arrested him at Paltan Bazar. He was remanded in police custody for three days.
Prime Minister Duh said the world looks at India's determination, the strength of the people of the country and the power of the people of the country with respect.
Speaking to reporters, the NPP president said that any party that may come, or any person that may be present but for them they will not take this for granted.
Angelus Sun expressed many of the challenges he faces as the leader of this group and added that the cooperation and presence of the KSU will encourage the children and the youth of the group.
In his condolence message, the Governor said that SF Khognwir and Bah DK Dkhar have been truly exemplary who have dedicated themselves to work for the state.
According to the information from the office, the total amount of money seized in these three times on the same day has reached T.10.72 lakh tyngka. -Sutnga Assembly Constituency.
The party expressed its support for the quota allocated for the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo as well as other ethnic groups but said that some of them also have the right to share.
Bah Adelbert Nongrum himself inspected the old nar bridge after the residents complained and expressed their dissatisfaction with the traffic jam from Mawiongrim to Umïam to cross the bridge. for 2 hours.
to start quarrying and slate quarrying at Brishynot village, East Jaintia Hill District.
The Congress has supported the EC of Bah PN Syiem to bring about a strong Khaddar rule and this Congress has shown this when Dr FA Khonglam was Minister. Nongtalang, March 21: U Prestoen Tynsong, Minister in charge of Water Supply and Water Supply, on Tuesday said, “I am surprised to see that in Nongtalang Mission, women are also working in the field of water supply. “It is very surprising that women are also involved in the affairs of the village”.
The residents are surprised at the absence of people from the PWD as scheduled.
He said that the KSU, which has offices in different districts, will continue to monitor such activities and if found, the KSU will lodge a complaint with the Government.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Minister said that the Asian Development Bank (ADB)'s allocation is not only for the construction of school buildings but also for the training of teachers. train them in teaching.
Surprisingly, all those who attended came voluntarily without any transportation or transportation arrangements from the Dorbar Ri.
Chiarmon Dkhar said this in the presence of the Chairman, Heplis Ryngkhem, Secretary, Sunshine Dkhar and other leaders of the Snahleiñ Village.
He said that today's India is strong.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister promised to the members of the party today that the government has spoken to the Chief Minister of Assam to discuss this issue and the government has put forward a proposal. but he did not promise when they would meet to discuss the border.
The Government comes and goes, every three years, we elect leaders, some are still alive, some have died, some are new, but there will be those who believe in the border of the State. we.
Shillong, Naitung 08: The aim of the NIOS is to set the goal of earning money without thinking about the problems of the teachers, said Bah Rymbai President of MSSASA. With the new Goods and Services Tax (GST), market vendors have started complaining that there is a shortage of goods in the market these days. The sudden increase in the price of rice, soap, sugar and others.
Besides, I advised the students to remember that their parents sent them here to study, so don't neglect because one day you will be an example to your family, your community and your country. the nation.
Hundreds of people from all over Shillong have arrived on this day.
Meghalaya played its first match against Tripura in the afternoon and in this match the Meghalaya players who played well beat Tripura in the first half. Tripura scored 5 goals while Tripura scored 1 goal and in the second half Meghalaya scored 7 goals.
He said that the festival was held in collaboration with another group, Rockski.
On the other hand, the MLA congratulated the land owners who have been willing to donate their land which has enabled the government departments to move forward. all who have performed their duties for the benefit of the people.
In this counting of votes, all the MLAs have cast their votes for their respective candidates.
The AGM was conducted by Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, President, MSOA, in the presence of Bah John F Kharshiing, Working President, Shri. Vice President, Joint Secretary, and President Secretaries of affiliated State Sports Associations.
There were also traditional dances from Assam and Meghalaya. The meeting was attended by the Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya. in this boundary arrangement.
He said that the Ramayana of Maharishi Valmiki is the path to knowledge that connects us with Shri Ram.
However, if the government has issued a written notice not to mine uranium and takes responsibility, the KHADC will issue the NOC. Ranikor MLA Pious Marwein said that if there is any NOC request, the KHADC will have to convene a meeting. do that.
On the other hand, the Minister promised the MPWU leaders that he would seek information from MeECL on the incident.
The NHAI has covered the area with signs to show that the area has been destroyed and the vehicles passing through this road are now only small vehicles. it is the ground shyiap.
According to the Bill, which was introduced today, the House will pass the bill on Friday. 25th June 2019 and will be effective from 01st June
GNRC is also recognized by the British Standards Institute, London and has already been recognized by the organization as ISO 14001:2008 compliant.
He said that 71 people have been arrested during the protest for ILP in the state and some of them have been arrested under the MPDA Act. (SP News).
The Seng has submitted the petition after inspecting all the health centers in Amlarem Sub Division and the Seng has found many problems and shortcomings faced by the people of War Jaintia.
The scheme, which is funded by the company, will be only for those villages within 50 km of the mining site in Nongtrai.
“The rules of the UGC Model CRR clearly state that if a university needs staff, it must notify the University Grants Commission (UGC) for the allocation of funds. “The Selection Committee will sit down to conduct the necessary interview,” said Prof Lakhon. “However, the Vice Chancellor has not followed these rules. He said that Rohit Prasad was appointed after he did not accept the online interview after the approval of the Executive Council.
The reason why the government cannot do anything at present even though there is a need to build these offices is because when doing any work there is no money, at present because of the delay in completing the water supply to every household through the scheme. JJM government is in short supply of funds.
He also taught at St. Mary's College Shillong in
The KSU has also suggested to the GRIL officials to consult with the Rangbah Shnongs and Village Members regarding the clarity of the names of the places before putting up any signboards from now on.
In his speech to the students, the Governor urged them to be brave and have the spirit of struggle to rise to higher levels in their lives.
Speaking at the meeting, Kedious Thongni strongly criticized the Congress government for its inability to resolve the border issue between Assam and Meghalaya. Why in Meghalaya, Assam and Delhi as well as the government is the Congress but why can't they do anything in this regard.
The students also visited the Sohra Police station which still has the rooms built to detain people during the British occupation which are still in existence.
The Prime Minister has declared 10 states of the North East as Ashtalakshmi.
This is also an expression of their love for the country.
During the raid, the Seng was able to arrest dozens of Mynder, most of whom are Khar Muslims, who do not have proper documents including Labor License and others. also the Work Permit.
Referring to the party candidate from this constituency, he appealed to the people of this constituency to support the party candidate to reach victory and get the opportunity to judge the people.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Senior Division Manager Ashim Bhuyan said that those people who have already purchased the schemes will get the same benefits but those who have already purchased the schemes will not be affected. Those who wish to hire new ones have to pay a services tax of 12.36%.
The vehicle was seized near the Bangladesh border at Dawki.
This was announced in a statement by the President, Hambertus Nongtdu and General Secretary, Jespar Bareh of the Union of Village Authorities of East Jaintia Hills District.
He also concluded his speech by testifying in front of the people of the area on how to be vigilant against buying votes only for the rich and also that votes should not be given to the rich. who are the merchants for the sake of wealth so that they can change how to transfer the money of the people to their own personal budget as witnessed among these present Government Leaders.
Shillong, November 13: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today clarified that the allocation of funds under the FOCUS scheme to support farmers is T.400 crore instead of T.1500 crore. was accused.
He took an awesome 8/36 to dismiss Sikkim for a mere 80 in their second innings and Meghalaya polished off the chase thanks to a half-century by captain Kishan Lyngdoh (69).
Sangma said the State Government has worked with the Ministry of Jal Shakti to maintain the cleanliness of the Umkhrah and Umshyrpi Rivers.
The JSU is deeply saddened by the Northeast Railway Frontier (NFR)'s negligence in Jaintia Hills and the JSU has demanded that the NFR should rebuild the ticket counter in Jowai. The people of Jaintia Hills especially the students of the area because many of the students go abroad.
Although the Returning Officer has not yet announced the result, Conrad has won more than 100,000 votes against the Congress candidate Dikkanchi Dalbot Shira.
Shillong, Nailur 12: The Khasi Jaintia National Union (KJNU) has opened its office at Thadlaskein village in West Jaintia Hills District.
Speaking on the development projects, Anna Roy, Mission Director, WEP, said, “These schemes show how to improve the quality of women's rights in the workplace. the goal of the central government to achieve employment and economic equality through development projects.
The North East Venture Found has invested T.5684.50 per cent since its inception. In Meghalaya, there are three companies that have invested in the NEVF namely Eri Weave Pvt. Ltd T.35 lakh for Handloom and Handicrafts, Shillong Bamboo Pvt Ltd T.45 lakh for siej and T.25 lakh for E-commerce.
Pradhan also praised the Prime Minister, Conrad Sangmauba for ensuring that young children receive health care and education in Meghalaya in line with the NEP
The winners in the big song category were Noury ​​Warjri (Laitkor) for first place, Ibasuklang Warjri (Siejïong) for second place and Ibapynjanai Warjri (Mawkriah) for third place.
When they asked for statements, the government did not respond. This inability of the government to provide the facts shows that the law still exists in the state.
The UDP currently has 12 MLAs and two from the HSPDP in the 60-member Legislative Assembly.
It is unfortunate that Dr Mukul Sangma is trying to destroy his own prayer, while only the funds allocated by the central government to the ANVC and ANVC (B) are being misused to give to those members. These parties have not received anything after many years until the term of office of the CM has come to an end.
The number of confirmed cases of COVID-19 in Meghalaya has risen to 22 and the total number of recoveries has risen to 43 in the state.
In a statement sent by the Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills, Jagpal Singh Dhanoa, on Tuesday morning, police received a tip from the intelligence agencies that two tourist vehicles were coming from the area. from Mizoram and illegal drugs.
There was also training in collaboration with the Tour Operators for the boat operators and also lifesaving training and also CPR for those who come to tourist spots like Shnongpdeng, Sohra, Darrang, Dawki, Umsyiem, and others.
One of the youths has been seriously injured and has been admitted to Super Care and has been taken to NEIGRIMS Hospital.
A total of 450 people have been tested positive for COVID-19 in the state today and 4430 people have been tested positive for COVID-19 in the state.
He said that the Congress party will take up the issue in the House on Monday and this will also be for Block I and Block II as well.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: The Catholic Church has declared the month of Naiwieng as the month of remembrance for all the souls of those who have passed away. died with a special blessing and prayer held at the Mt.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The Chief Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, DNR Marak, in a statement today, said that the police have arrested many drug traffickers in Shillong. they used the houses of the household.
Reachingson Siangshai, Vice President of AJYWO Central Body.
To provide strong startups, it is necessary to provide the resources, guidance and support that innovators need from incubators, sponsors and experts and the Government of India has taken a number of step for this.
Speaking to reporters after more than an hour of talks, Assam Chief Minister Himanta said that there are 12 areas of border between Meghalaya and Assam. .
In the market, which is the largest market in Meghalaya, many shops have closed and the four corners of the market have also closed because they don't know what to do.
He said that although he is not wealthy but he has the spirit to serve, to advocate for the issues of the State in Parliament and urged the voters to give their support. with him, so that he may be able to fulfill his desire in the public service.
New Delhi, Lber 21: The Committee for Citizenship Rights of the Chakmas and Hajongs of Arunachal Pradesh (CCRCHAP) today sent a letter to Indira Mallo Jain (IAS), Secretary (Pol.
Meanwhile, Larry P Warjri, President MJA and Vice President Judo Federation of India (JFI) has been elected by the JFI as the Observer for the smooth running of the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the JFI. All Assam Judo Association (AAJA) and to conduct the election for the new office bearers of the AAJA on 5th November in Guwahati.
Of these, about five battalions of CAPF Police are already in the state, and others will be deployed according to the plan.
New Delhi, Nailur 07: The Minister of Information and Broadcasting, Anurag Singh Thakur met with a delegation from Bangladesh led by H.E.Dr.Hasan Mahmud, Minister of Information and Broadcasting of Bangladesh. .
Samuel Jyrwa Chairman NESO, said that during the meeting today, the CMD tried his best to convince them that UCIL will take all necessary measures. however, they feel that there is still no effective protection against the harmful effects of uranium.
The meeting also discussed the establishment of a Single Row Fence to patrol only the border areas within 150 square meters of the border.
Answering questions, u Bah Marngar said that this is not a new issue but it is something that has gone before the government and it doesn't matter whether there is an election or not.
The AMD officials came to KHADC after the District Council authorities summoned them to explain why they got the authority to mine uranium in Mawthabah and Nongbahjynrim. We are Khasi.
To oversee the implementation of this project, a committee comprising officers from the Petroleum & Natural Gas Department, Expenditure Department, Development Department, Environment, Forest and Climate Change and Fertilizers.
“We can now say that this country has lived under the Penal Code for 75 years but now we are living under the NyaySamhita,” said Prime Minister Duh in his speech on the new laws.
" Prime Minister Duh said that as per his promise when this group left the country, we are now celebrating the victory.
An Alto 800 collided with a taxi parked on the side of the road while unloading passengers at Ladthalaboh village in Jowai. The driver of the taxi was injured.
He said that according to the order issued in 2024, the order issued in 2020 should be implemented. In the case of Majai Village, where the NOC has been issued to foreigners, land titles have been issued to foreigners in Majai.
She also thanked all those who have contributed to bring these children to Raipur.
Speaking to media, the General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HNM) Kyllang Thongni said that the people living in the border areas especially the non-Khasis are the ones who have the EPIC of Meghalaya. and Assam and it is for this reason that the border settlement between the two Governments will be completed to end the border dispute which has been going on for 50 years in the Langpih area.
The Meghalaya High Court has decided to dismiss the teachers against the wishes of these MDA leaders and to allow them to participate freely in politics.
Shillong, November 26: On the 22nd of this month, the Iooksi Pyllun which includes five villages under the Iooksi Village such as Iooksi Iapkhla, Iooksi Kyanmynsar, Iooksi Priang, Iooksi Umdeinlin and Iooksi Tongki was held. its full-time office bearers for the term 2021-2
The NRCs shall introduce the Refresher Module to include the new changes before 15th July each year.
The competition will start on the 20th and end on the 25th of this month.
The number of cases by district is 8 cases in East Khasi Hills, 4 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 3 cases in West Garo Hills and 2 cases in West Jaintia Hills. Public can call 14410 for more information and
The resignation of Kong Bindas Syiem came within hours of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of PWD (Roads) Prestone Tynsong calling for a meeting with her at Main. Secretariat on Tuesday after the strike has extended to three days.
BSF troops today transported a poor mother from Dawki to Shillong to give birth to a baby from Dawki village.
Before leaving the Khasi Seng Mawkhar to go to Madan Weiking, there was a prayer at the ground floor of the Khasi Seng Kmie in Mawkhar. The Creator has blessed us in the past year and at the same time to ask for blessings in the coming year.
On 16/8/2020, 701 samples were taken at Rilbong and 38 were positive. On 17/8/2020, 78 samples were taken at Mawpat and 78 were negative. All 123 samples taken in Umpling Lumdiengmet were negative.
The incident happened at Teksragre village under Dadenggre Civil Sub-division at 12 noon on Tuesday, said the Superintendent of Police, West Garo Hills, Abraham T. Sangma.
He said the efforts of the states should be to turn the red zones into orange and later into green zones.
At the same time, the JSU has also spoken to the SDO Engineering Wings of the department, Pala, who said that he understands the difficulty of the doctors to receive the patients due to the lack of water. He said that he has already written to MeECL to take action on this issue so that the people do not face this problem, and at the same time he said that he will take this issue to the DCC meeting. The District Health Society of West Jaintia Hills has decided to discuss and find ways and means to address this issue.
It was also found that the blockage of the road was also due to the accumulation of garbage behind the entrance to the parking lot of the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA), which is located near the Metor area. .
The school was established in 1956 and has been serving for more than 50 years, as well as many youngsters of the area have received education through the existence of this school,” he said.
The injured student was taken to Woodland Hospital by a local taxi.
Lajong Junior Reds have moved up in the tournament compared to other teams in the country and have now been placed in Group B alongside Aizawl FC, Anantapur Football. New Delhi, June 20: The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, will award the Awards for Excellence to government officials for their efforts in implementing programs and ideas. The new appointment to the districts and implementing agencies and central and state government agencies will be held at Vigyan Bhawan in Delhi tomorrow, 21st June.
The KSU sees that due to the excessive trafficking of these drugs, it has caused many problems in the homes and destruction of the youth, said Bah Hamar.
He said that in the past 15 years various government departments have been looking into how to improve the water supply and improve the water supply system. There are nine wells under the supervision of the SMB. All they can do to conserve water is to build dams in any area of ​​the country that can conserve water. this not only makes water but helps to conserve water and these will be protective lats.
Phyrnai's love for cycling has been evident since she was a child when she was riding a tricycle and from there she has grown into the sport.
Exercise equipment was also distributed to the patients to improve their health.
Shillong, Lber 18: The Meghalaya State Hockey Association (MSHA) in collaboration with the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs of the Government of Meghalaya has concluded the Lower Level North East Games State Level Hockey Selection Trial on the 8th of this month. Ground, Assam Regiment Centre, Happy Valley for the selection of the winners who will represent the State in the upcoming XXVIII North East Games
The number of NPP MLAs in the 60-member Assembly has now risen to 28, 26 MLAs have won the election on the party ticket and 2 PDF MLAs have joined the NPP. Shillong. , Jymmang 08: The success or failure to work or serve in any organization or group, club or association etc. depends on the hands and skills or ability or courage of the leader.
In addition to the above, there are many other important words and phrases which have been left to the experts to analyze and analyze before using them as the Khasi native language in literature.
It is learned that there are places where these people who have returned from abroad who have been under home quarantine have left without complying with the rules that the government has already issued to them during their return. .
This dance has been celebrated with joy and enthusiasm by all the people of Bri U Hynniewtrep since the time of Kulong Kumah and until today.
“This award has been changed due to the hard work of the farmers,” said Conrad.
“When you have self-confidence, believe and achieve the dream and you will achieve success," she added.
The protest aims to empower all citizens of the country and take a decision to bring India closer to its goal of becoming a developed country by
The agency found that many of the reports were related to activities that threatened the peace and stability in the country and that they were also misleading.
The announcement was made today for the fourth time under the Smart Cities Mission.
Shillong, November 24: The Border Security Force (BSF) today concluded the exhibition of photographs of the 1971 Bangladesh War in Shillong. The meeting was held today in Shillong.
The virtual meeting has also brought about a change in the image, working methods and has affected the state of the tourism industry in Meghalaya.
The DDU-GKY scheme of the Central Government takes steps to bring about income transformation and to train children from rural areas to become employees. different.
Prof. (Dr.) Gautam Ash spoke on the challenges in teaching Homeopathy, the skills of teachers, standard case taking and recording of cases in Homeopathy, research in Homeopathy, which we can teaching from Under Graduate level.
K Sangma said the curfew has been extended across the state until the 14th of this month, while in other districts it has been handed over to the deputy commissioners to look after the situation in the district.
Commandant 4th BN, MLP, Sohpian last month gave explanations on how to avoid drugs and to educate them on the importance of drug abuse. The program was conducted by the Principal Bah Kyrshan Marngar in the presence of teachers and students.
On this day, the supporters of the VOTPP party celebrated with joy as they reached the goal of victory.
On the other hand, those who took part in the meeting from the Acting Sirdar Ekaka Sumer, to the Waheh Shnongs, Religious Leaders said that until these days they have not stopped to monitor and inform the leaders of this area. The problems faced by the public are due to the poor condition of the road.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: The Army of 58 Gorkha Training Center in collaboration with NEIGRIHMS today conducted a blood donation at the Government Hospital.
The special police force will have 1795 personnel including office personnel and one battalion will be reserved for women.
It is to be recalled that in 2013, the State Government had signed a social agreement with NIOS to provide training to 7822 teachers teaching at elementary level including SSA, Ad hoc, Deficit and Govt teachers. 4385 students were admitted in the 1st batch (2013) and 3437 students in the 2nd batch (2014).
The Raj Bhavan was also open from 3 pm to 5 pm for the public to visit.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The KSU Delhi Branch today sent a letter to the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Thomas A Sangma and the Minister of Education Rakam Sangma regarding the murder of a student. and Ri Bhoi District in Rajasthan.
This was stated by Thomas Passah in a statement.
Shreya Kute of Kendriya Vidyalaya Upper Shillong, Sukhanna Bhardwaj of KV Digaru and Aditi Aggarwal of KV Kalaikunda Bagged came first and second in the English Declamation competition.
At this meeting, the Dean of the school has suspended the examination today. What the union is concerned about is that the examination was held at Niangbari School today. central government.
The BSF 83 Bn was deployed in West Garo Hills in 1971 during the Indo-Pak War.
“The driver was drunk and was with the handyman.
On the other hand , Mawhati MDC , Bah Charles Marngar , said that if it is not profitable , these fish ponds should be removed as it affects the budget of KHADC should monitor and update the work of this department.
When the KSU Laskein Unit inquired regarding the suspension of the construction of the bridge, the contractor said that the reason for the suspension of the construction of the bridge is that the government has not been able to release the The running bill has been issued for the construction of this bridge.
Shillong, July 23: Meghalaya today celebrated its cultural heritage at the One District One Product (ODOP) Sampark and honored the winners of the ODOP Sampark held in Mumbai. .
Although the government has banned the illegal smuggling of coal, the smugglers are still smuggling and fighting against the government's ban. Police in the area have arrested these trucks. .
Minister Duh said he understood the problem of lack of funds for treatment and spoke about the Ayushman Yojana which provides treatment up to T 5 lakh.
UDP Leader Titosstarwell Chyne CEM of KHADC has said that the cooperation in the government will be the same. he is the candidate of the party.
The meeting to consider the candidates who have applied for Congress tickets has been arranged and the names of the candidates will be announced by AICC President Sonia Gandhi.
Tura, Jymmang 23: The Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) today in a statement said that the government should send an inquiry into the killing of Balsan S Marak. CBI to find out the truth, if the government cannot do this, the union will call for a two-day curfew in Garo Hills.
The completed application should include 2 passport size photographs, Xerox copies of Scheduled Tribe, EPIC, Marriage Certificate, Aadhaar Card, Pan Card, Bank Passbook, Residential Certificate along with the 20th Court Fee Stamp. The decision of the Dorbar Shnong to appoint new dealers or to renew the old dealer shall be approved.
Pradip Kumar IPS, Inspector General of BSF Meghalaya Frontier, was present on the occasion in the presence of other officials from various armed forces.
These people had appealed against the KHADC's announcement to the High Court but were rejected and on the second appeal the High Court of Meghalaya refused.
However, MeECL will extend the result for another three months after it expires on the 2nd of July next month.
The purpose of the meeting is to bring closer the relationship between the two countries in many areas.
The Committee has met several times to discuss how to get these signs. The Committee after approving all the issues has sent a report to the Executive Committee on 24 June 2021 and the EC has discussed it. and submitted to the House on 20th November 2022 and the House has accepted these Jaintia characters.
Clearing CP 8.
In the border dispute between the two areas, the Nongwah-Mawtamur area is the ninth area that the Meghalaya government has already marked.
Shibun is different.
The Chief Minister flagged down the vehicles for the participants of the Bilgaro Republic Day Run 2024 to raise awareness among the public on the safety of driving organized by the Tura Motor Sports Club, Tura.
“I wish you all the best,” said Kong Silbi to the KSU members. “Yes, we have lost our knowledge and if you have anything, don't forget what your ancestors have left behind. in the language of the thylliej.
The North East Indigenous Peoples' Forum (NEPIF), Shillong Chapter, which includes the FKJGP, RBYF and HNYF, which held a meeting on the 9th of this month, has decided to express its strong opposition to the Government's plan. The National Democratic Alliance (NDA) has decided to change the name of India to 'Bharat'
Shillong, June 27: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Upper Shillong Circles has been shocked to hear the news of the Meghalaya government's attempt to sell land through the Forest Department to the Army. Eastern Air Command.
L.N.S Dykes, Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District.
Speaking to reporters, KSU Nongspung President Emos John Syiemlieh and the residents of Mawtamur strongly condemned the action of the Assam government. boundary settlement negotiation.
Sangma said that since the time JP Nadda was Minister of Health and Family Welfare, he has already raised this issue.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today passed a motion of no confidence in the Executive Committee led by Bah Pynshngian N Syiem. This was announced by Bah LG Nongsiej Chairman of the House.
After the complaint was filed, Mairang police arrested the Sordar Shnong.
Referring to the resignation of the Ranikor MLA, he said that for the benefit of the people, it doesn't matter if they have to change their uniforms.
“She also commended the State Government for keeping an estimate on the availability of wells.
The spread of false information through social media exists and it is the responsibility of the Cyber ​​Crime Department to curb such attempts.
The election of the Leaders to the Legislative Assemblies of these two District Councils will be held on the 24th of this month.
Members of the Whatsap Group 'Ka sur u Paidbah Elaka Narpuh' have donated as much as they can to help Bah Pohshna who has lost his home and all his belongings.
While the Government is working for reforms in space-related sectors, the youth of the country are also making efforts as in the last four years, the number of start-ups related to space haw haw has increased from 4 to about
Expressing his gratitude for Patel's great contribution to the building of the country, Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru had to say: 'History will call him the builder and unifier of a new India. .
Shillong, Lber 25: Regarding the lockdown issued by the Central Government today, the Government of Meghalaya has requested all the residents of the state to stay calm. Stay at home to prevent the spread of this terrible disease.
Nongrum won the MLA election 2013 as an independent candidate and after his name came out to contest from the Congress party, he resigned.
This day, the birth anniversary of Swami Vivekananda, is celebrated as National Youth Day.
Police on receiving information about this have sent police under the leadership of Additional Superintendent of Police Bah B Jyrwa and two Sub Inspector Bah K Pdahkasiej to search the forest. Umpleng and B Marbaniang in charge of Saipung PS. During the raid, four people were found sleeping inside a cowshed. There were 26 boxes of Dynamaiut and 4 boxes of Tiki.
Shillong, Lber 14: The death toll from COVID-19 positive in South West Khasi Hills has risen to 1590, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today announced. after.
The Minister of State for Minority Affairs, John Barlau, attended the Rozgar Mela in Shillong where he distributed appointment letters after the speech of the Prime Minister.
Shillong, November 02: The Under Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, General Administration (A) Department, today announced that all government offices and schools belonging to the government will be closed in those constituencies where the MDC election will be held. times.
The candidates are Hubert Marbaniang from Laban-Mawpren Constituency, Mamiry Nongkhlaw from Nongkrem Constituency, Kyntiewlang Syiemlieh from Nongspung-Sohiong Constituency, Counselor Singh Wahlang from Nongkhlaw-Mairang Constituency. Pariong-Mawthadraishan Constituency and Bah Debenstar Pariong from Rambrai-Jyrngam Constituency.
All colleges have to move forward with this NEP-2020 whether it happens now or later , NEHU will talk to the colleges affiliated to NEHU and as it is no one is against the NEP , everyone understands that you don't have to change.
At the same time, the BJP demanded that the government should tighten the security forces to ensure that those who take advantage of the festivities do not get away.
It is said that the shop is run by both brothers.
Out of the 42 cases, 31 cases have been confirmed from East Khasi Hills District, 3 cases from Ribhoi District, 1 case from West Jaintia Hills District, 1 case from North Garo Hills District and 6 cases from West Garo Hills District.
Shillong, Lber 09: The Dalmia Bharat Foundation (DBF), is the social development organization of Dalmia Bharat Ltd.
This is a young district so there is a need for a partnership between the people and the government to make this district a new district. it also has tourist attractions.
He/She has gone beyond the sample questions of the MBoSE that more questions should be set from the text book of the children and only a few questions should be changed only to identify talented students.
The next day, his friends found that Samuel Sangma had died in the hostel where he was staying. They should send an inquiry to arrest the perpetrators.
On the part of parents, they should look after their children and the kind of friends they have.
Referring to the training of doctors at the central government hospital, he said that preparations are now underway to increase the number of seats from 46 to
m until 1:00 p.
At this meeting, the report of the 11th Committee was unanimously approved to be submitted to the President of India.
The crowd in front of the Raj Bahvan, afterwards, there was a shooting and there was a stampede and many people were injured in this incident.
Mission Shakti aims to have a comprehensive support system for women through care, safety, protection, rehabilitation and empowerment of women to lift them out of slavery while they are on the move. through their lives.
Dango as an MLA, if he wants to showcase his work in fact, he should have gathered the public to distribute MLA schemes such as the Special Rural Work Program (SRWP) to those who have not received assistance from this to repair them. These are the households that are not entitled to Low Cost Houses.
Therefore, the KSU urges Dr. Don not to speak falsely by revealing the truth because the people know who is sohjew and who is sohthiang, according to a message sent by Bah Jiedskhem. Shillong, Naiwieng 27: To protest against the decision of the Narendra Modi government regarding the withdrawal of old T.500 and T.1000 notes from the market, The Congress party in Meghalaya will hold a protest tomorrow morning at the parking lot in Dhankheti.
"Police have arrested only Paul Leong and his son Kimfa Marbaniang in connection with this incident, while other foreigners are under investigation. The Enforcement Police have arrested several persons involved in the issuance of Trading License last month.
On the other hand, the Chief Engineer promised to take action on these issues and we hope that something will be done soon for the benefit of the households and the residents. KSU Organizing Secretary Dusterwell K. Lyngdoh, said that the KSU has been working hard to improve the quality of education in the country.
In 2005, the KSU launched a strong protest to demand that the MBOSE office in Shillong should be freed from the problems.
Shillong, Nailur 16: The Commissioner and Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya in charge of the General Administration Department, today informed the public that on the 18th of this month there will be a public holiday in East Khasi Hills. District.
Shillong, Nailur 02: The Ranikor Block Congress Committee (RBCC) on Tuesday congratulated the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma and the MUA-II Government as well as the leaders of the AICC for their support. Martin M Danggo, MLA of the constituency, has been reinstated in the Cabinet.
These decisions were taken at a meeting today at Lumjingshai to express their anger that the MeECL authorities have not listened to their demand regarding the electricity supply. salary.
He said that only one land has been paid for and this will be completed this month.
HYC President Roykupar Synrem said that on the reports that the HYC has found that someone has ring light illegally today, MeECL employees today came to inspect and take necessary action.
The work done on urban connectivity in India today is unprecedented.
Police have suspected that these bikes have been parked badly and one of them has the number AS-01BY-1
Referring to his resignation, he said that after discussions within the Parliamentary Party of the NPP, it was proposed that the post of Shongknor in KHADC should be handed over to Bah Lamphrang Blah as he is a former MDC. you are in the council.
The people should think far since 1971 when the state was independent, various parties have spoken even the elections but they have remained silent until now, it is like they have lost their land because of their promises during the elections. stay cut and so on.
Shillong, July 14: Former Tuber MDC Bah Helping Phawa has joined the PDF. , where he was welcomed to the party at a public event held in Tuber on Saturday.
She said she is confident that the proper implementation of these schemes will open up new opportunities in trade and employment, improve transportation and strengthen the income of the North East. the whole including Assam.
The State Government has submitted the petition to the Fifteenth Finance Commission.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on Thursday said that the State Government has already called a tender for the construction of the footpath and drains in Iewduh.
He said that in this age the media is no longer only newspapers but news has emerged through television which is known as Electronic Media, Portal News through the internet which is the most popular in the world. .
In this letter, they said that if there is a police department to look after the vehicles, it will help to relieve the traffic jam, at the same time to teach the people to be careful when walking and standing. KSU East Jaintia Hills District President and Kwilniss S Suchiang Secretary signed the agreement.
Nityanand Rai said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi cares about the welfare of the country and the armed forces.
The villages under the jurisdiction of Mawiong Parish are Nongkwar, Umjajew, Umthlong and Umjapung.
In the King Khadsawphra 2017 competition, the winner was Iakmenlang Kharphuli of Class XII Arts, the second prize was won by Menaiborlang L Mawnai of BA Second Semester and the third prize was won by Menaiborlang L Mawnai of Class XII Arts. He was a graduate of Class XI Arts.
The pipeline grid will bring stability and unlimited supply of natural gas to consumers while there is a shortage in this regard from various sources in some parts of the country.
Shillong, Naitung 25: Tura Police have arrested 18 persons for allegedly throwing stones at police and the search for others involved is ongoing.
Land acquisition for the construction of this road is currently underway.
New Delhi, November 11: The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, will hand over three major projects related to the oil sector in Bihar on 13th November through video conferencing.
Shillong, June 05: An FIR has been lodged against a person who has escaped from the Civil Hospital Shillong, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, today said.
Shillong Police have been on high alert to ensure that drug traffickers do not get away and sell to youngsters. Police are ready to fight against drug traffickers in this area. state of Meghalaya.
The Minister said that the civil society organizations in the area have lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) regarding the closure of the company.
Shillong, Lber 15: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed 70 cases of COVID-19 positive so far, of which 13 cases are in hospitals. Khasi Hills 7, East Garo Hills 1, Ri Bhoi 2, South Garo Hills, West Garo Hills 1, West Jaintia Hills
Bah Process said that let them speak as they please, but as leaders they understand how to do for the people, for the good of the state they are ready to work together according to the issues.
Dear citizens, This time of Amrit Kaalkan will also be a time of unprecedented changes in technology.
Therefore, in this regard, the union sends a strong message to the government to immediately appoint a full time DMHO in the district otherwise the union will not hesitate to take a firm decision.
The Minister said that on this occasion he reminded his father Purno A Sangma who had planted this idea that the hill tribesmen would also reach this level in India and today urlong color.
Due to urgency, this order shall apply immediately until further notice.
Discussions were held on policy measures including the Tariff Policy and the Electricity (Amendment) Bill 2020 to address the challenges faced in the power generation sector.
Bah Siangshai thanked the CD&HG team for their promptness in providing assistance.
Besides, there will also be awards for the introduction of new methods by the Central Government, State Government including Districts.
The union will also hold a public meeting of all the drivers and owners of commercial vehicles in Meghalaya on the 1st of June in Shillong to discuss and take a decision on this issue.
The illegal entry of mynder from other states or countries will not only affect employment or income but will completely change the culture and identity of us indigenous people.
Despite the heavy rain, hundreds of ASHA workers took part in the march which ended at Malki Square.
He said that this has been a great progress in terms of assistance.
Furthermore, these names have been recorded from East Khasi Hills District, West Khasi Hills District, Ri-Bhoi District, Jaintia Hills District, South West Khasi Hills District and Garo Hills District.
Out of the 29 constituencies, no candidates have registered in 28 constituencies.
The CoMSO today held a bomb blast in Motphran to express its regret that although the Legislative Assembly has approved the decision to implement the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation 1873, which means the ILP. on this day in 2019 but the central government has been silent for a year.
At the same time, the Seng urges the Police to conduct an investigation to track down these bloodthirsty suspects and punish them according to the law.
The KHADC understands the difficulties of the people to come to Shillong for their work and the KHADC will do its utmost to improve the work of the people.
These 29 MDCs are not afraid of their own party, what is needed now is the courage of the MLAs and government ministers not to delay anymore but the jaidbynriew has been defeated, the government is not Therefore, I would like to ask you to continue to delay while the nation is being destroyed.
At the same time, we received a speech from the MDC candidate of the 4th Tuber MDC Constituency 2014, Wanthmu Phawa, who is also a member of this party.
I didn’t say to cast anyone.
The MLAs from this district have informed the Minister about the problems related to the lack of electricity, water supply, the deterioration of the NH-51 and NH-6 These are the busiest roads in South Garo Hills.
The death toll has risen to 6 from East Jaintia Hills, 1 from East Jaintia Hills, 4 from East Khasi Hills and 1 from West Garo Hills, bringing the total number of deaths to in the entire state.
“Chauhan, while checking the diesel fuel tank, disappeared without seeing and unidentified people also disappeared,” he added.
The purpose of this football mission is to select children who have talent in this sport from an early age.
India is also celebrating the Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav on the occasion of its 75th Independence Day and is moving towards development with renewed faith and determination.
On the other hand, Bah N Nonglong, Spokesperson of the HSPDP, said that the HSPDP wants to strengthen the land tenure system. .
After a thorough discussion, the Dorbar has decided to meet with Dr Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister (who has agreed to meet) tomorrow morning, 3rd October 2013, to speak and request the Government of Meghalaya to talk to The three ADCs have received a letter from the Ministry of Home Affairs, New Delhi.
The Cabinet has approved the recommendation of the group of Chief Ministers of the States and the money will be allocated by the Central Government to the State Governments.
In fact, as a father, it is up to him to guide his own child who has begun to enter her youth how to maintain dignity and walk with the knowledge of man and knowledge of God so that I will find it well in the days to come.
Shillong, June 18: The United Democratic Party (UDP) today sent the nomination papers of Bah Synshar Kupar Roy Lyngdoh Thabah for the MLA election from Sohiong Assembly Constituency following the death of Bah HDR Lyngdoh.
The ECI has said that EVMs and VVPATs will be used in the elections.
Two BSF personnel, Rajendra Kumar and another unidentified person, allegedly robbed Dr. Seiboklang Buam of his clothes and threatened to shoot him dead. on Tuesday at 12:05 pm while he was trying to fish in the Lakroh River on the Bangladesh border and 2 km from Muktapur on the Muktapur-Jaliakhola road. BSF, Border Out Post Hawaii Tilla.
During his visit, Bah Sawkmie promised that on his part as an MDC, he will try hard to talk to the government to provide assistance to this school. Umrnjah Presbyterian School which is a good school for the children who live in these nearby villages.
Noting that the important role of the Court is to deliver justice to the people, Rakkam said, “The NLU will be prepared to produce qualified Muktiars who will be advocates for the people. to promote justice and to protect the rights of the people.
It should also be ensured that the cows are well secured to avoid theft.
The residents of the area have alleged that this collection may have been sent by the police, but how can these people dare to collect in front of the police, the residents allege that it is the police. who have been doing this for several weeks now.
On the part of the Chief of Army Staff, he congratulated all the troops who have been ready in terms of mental and physical strength to serve the country. The event was held in accordance with the guidelines laid down by the Central Government to prevent the spread of COVID-1
The day was celebrated with a run inside the school.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Samuel Jyrwa Chaimran of NESO, said that the party's position is clear that it is against the mining of uranium in the North East. The purpose of this road from Nongstoin to Mawthabah is to facilitate the mining of uranium.
The Deputy Commissioner said that he will send the decision taken at the meeting to the National Highway Authority of India and the Government.
He demanded that the Isolation Ward should be expanded, as at present there are only a few rooms, and this creates problems for those who come to sleep.
The Government has set a target of receiving 2500 tourists in the state and this can be done in the next five years.
According to information received, Brahma had gone on foot with a group of NIFT students to David Scott Road and when he reached this thwei, he and his friends had a fight. how this young man fell into the pit of death.
According to Agens Kharshiing, the two experts in charge of the case, M Talukdar and M Sharma, have replied to the Commission that one of the three bullets they shot The judge found that one of them was sinew.
On the other hand, Bah Kitborlang Nongrem said that these NPP leaders who have claimed to be the people, the question is now whether they have received the permission from the people to leave the party because The NPP leaders led by Bah Kitborlang Nongrem and Nelbi T Sangma as General Secretary and Other leaders of the NPP Ranikor Block have decided to appoint Bah Nongrem as the interim president of the NPP Ranikor Block on the 25th of this month.
Recognizing the need for a better system, it is recommended to replace the present regulations with a single new and comprehensive Act.
*To date, no settlement has been reached between these three parties.
Furthermore, Bah Rymbai said that the first edition of the DanceMeghalaya Dance is still waiting for the permission from the authorities of Garo Hills. In Khasi Hill, the second edition will start on the 4th of November followed by the 6th of November.
In conclusion, the author said “it is clear that the change, strength and a stronger India and its involvement in geopolitical affairs that other countries have to pay attention to.
“We set up Electoral Clubs when I was Deputy Commissioner for four years and I remember when we set up ELCs at District Level.
The Prime Minister urged the VECs to do their utmost to achieve 100% performance.
Shillong, Naitung 13: The nomination for the CEM election in GHADC ended today with the NPP nominating Sukharan K Sangma as the candidate and the Congress nominating Boston Marak.
Police said that during the investigation, it was found that these explosives were used in shooting in the mines.
All the villages in the Maheskhola area bordering South Garo Hills District have been affected.
On this day, the Governor of Meghalaya planted a tree to commemorate the Independence Day of India.
Ningthouja Lancha, speaking on the population of the North East, said that the population of the North East is 5.2 crore and of these, only 1.8 crore are tribals.
The KSU believes that the authorities and the District authorities who have given permission cannot prevent the spread of COVID 19 because we don't have confidence that these foreigners will be able to undergo Home Quarantine in accordance with the rules. The Health Department has followed the guidelines of the Health Department especially when they come to this area which is a "Jaka Nongwei" as foreign workers.
Officers in Group A and B will have to come to work 100% of the time, while officers in Group C and D will have to come to work only. 50%.
It is surprising how this mynder can trade in stone and shyiap when these goods are traded only by the Khasi.
Bah A Lyngdoh Mawphlang General Secretary of the Union explained that the purpose of the Union is to gather together the Kurs to strengthen them in their respective areas. The long kur has begun to decline and through this Union he will strive to strengthen the kurs.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: The registration of applications for applications such as Bank Account and other documents should be submitted by the OMC. Shillong, Naiwieng 21: The HSPDP has filed its nomination papers for the mid-term MDC election in the KHADC from three constituencies.
At present, the people of Garo Hills are no longer in peace.
He said that the unions and many villages have expressed that regarding the Gram Sabha, the Dorbar Shnongs rely on the District Council.
In his condolences on behalf of the people of the state, the Chief Minister expressed his deep sorrow over the passing away of this great man of the country.
The protest and the call for ILP has been held in all the district headquarters and Civil Sub Divisions. The protest has been held from East Jaintia Hills to West Garo Hills. they took part in it.
Shillong, Naiwieng 25: The Ambassador of Japan to India, Satoshi Suzuki, on Tuesday said that he is pleased to visit Meghalaya to host the Cherry Blossom Festival.
South Garo Hills Police have rescued a mechanic of a road construction company, who was kidnapped by robbers who had given the company three days to pay T.50 lakh.
Pollution, flooding, flooding which are often caused by the flooding of rivers The serious threat to us from this dam especially because our state has in seismic zone
During the inspection, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare found that the government health center has many shortcomings which need to be addressed for the benefit of the people of the area.
The Parliamentary Secretary, Government of Meghalaya, Bah R.Syngkon, was the chief guest.
We JSM would like to express our gratitude to the police and district authorities for their cooperation with us in connection with this incident especially now that we have been able to recover the body of her for the benefit of her family. they shall be able to worship the last of the first.
The clear statement of the four organizations to these people who come from abroad is, they will not come to set fire to the household chores and it is not their duty to decide what to do. what to do and what not to do.
On the other hand, the SP promised the JYF to take action by saying, “The law will not forgive anyone, whether small or large, rich or poor. that they did.
Tura, Naitung 21: The Garo Students Union (GSU) today urged the Central Government of India (GOI) to expedite the peace talks between the ANVC and the ANVC. (B) and to establish a temporary Achik Territorial Council (ATC), said John Miltu Sangma, General Secretary of the party.
After the march, they sent a memorandum to the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma on seven demands including the demand for recognition of them as government employees.
The Integrated Disease Surveillance Program of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has conducted a thorough survey and as of now, there are no cases of COVID-19 in Meghalaya. don't worry about the spirit.
TUR said that as the plaintiffs, they doubt that the CAA 2019 may be the result of a secret intention of Hindu religious groups who want to turn India into a Hindu country and forcing their relatives and others to introduce themselves to Hinduism.
In a video posted on social media, Dr. Buam said that while he was talking to the BSF after they accused him of being a Bangladeshi, he also explained why the BSF. They did not expel the Bangladeshis who herded cattle near the border with Muktapur.
The petition was led by Andrew Shullai, MDC and other MDCs. Vincent H Pala, MPCC Working President, John F Kharshiing, General Secretary, MPCC were also present. Jaintia Hills, Presidents of different Block.
The injured was identified as Sauman Das, 31, while 12 other employees were not injured.
In the semi final of the first half, Lady Keane College won 5-4 on penalties.
The party has also decided that the members from Garo Hills will be appointed after the special meeting to be held soon.
The impact on the budget in terms of Dearness Allowance and Dearness Relief will be T.12,868.72 crore per annum.
Before the start of the festival, Bah Paia B Synrem Assistant Secretary said that the festival was started in 1911 and has been continued to this day. Weikieng field location.
The match was very interesting in which both the teams failed to score in the 50 minutes, when no goal was scored it was a penalty shootout. which took seven people from each group.
The worst thing is that the Dorbar Shnongs have not taken over this area because it is under the jurisdiction of the Forest Department.
Shillong, Nailar 20: The Government of India (Government of India) signed and approved the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement on 17 August 2013 – 11am, Iing Club, Pyndemumiong, Mairang, Nongkhlaw Hima. The meeting was opened by the Paiem Father Manik Syiemlieh, Syiem. Hima Nongkhlaw, in the presence of many Sordars, Rangbah Shnongs, Ministers, Elders, Leaders of the KSU (West Khasi Hills) and other civil society organizations, who came from John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MSPB, Erwin Syiem Sutnga, Ma Sing Mulieh, Co-Chairman, MSPB, and Chairman of the Federation of Khasi States. A 10 minute silence was held to commemorate the Chiefs from Shnong, Raid to Hima (Dolloi Rymbai, Sirdar Hima Mawlong). After this, there was the unfurling of the flag of the Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya which is also the flag of the Federation of Khasi States. Hima Nongkhlaw Syiemship, who welcomed the Sordars, Rangbah Shnongs, Ministers, and civil society organizations who were present.
Speaking on the activities of the Riti Academy, Bah Warjri urged, 'The environment is closely related to the environment and the people should know their duty to protect it. and that we should not know only how to claim our rights without being responsible for our land and environment in our own country.
The match between these two kurs was very interesting and clean as they didn't have anyone to score in the first half and the second half because no one could score. you can shoot the final.
Regarding the recent seizure of magnet stones at the border, he said that the stones seized came from Bangladesh to Meghalaya and not from Meghalaya to Bangladesh.
Shillong, Lber 01: The District Administration of East Khasi Hills District today announced that a curfew has been imposed in Shillong from 9.00 pm to 6.00 pm. 10 o'clock in the morning.
Shillong, Naitung 17: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today held a march from Dinam Hall to the State Central Library to demand that the government should implement the project. The Inner Line Permit (ILP) has been issued in the state.
Lane wat doesn't have a letter.
Police have taken the body to Nongpoh Civil Hospital for post mortem.
Faculty development: The NEP defines mechanisms so that faculty members can better train themselves, improve teaching methods, engage in research activities, collaborate with those involved in the same activities, and contribute to the development of education in the country.
The Government will soon amend the rules of the 2017 MRSS Act for the implementation of this Ordinance.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: U Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah Shakliar Warjri, today requested the House to allocate T.34.30 crore for the expenses of the 5th Meghalaya Games to be held in Tura.
Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma will contest from two constituencies, one from Songsak where he is currently an MLA and one from Tikrikilla led by Jimmy D Sangma.
He said that there has been excessive mining which has caused the pollution of drinking water sources and wells by the mining.
Indeed, PM KISAN has brought about a major change in the delivery of Government services to the farmers every four months and at times of need.
PIB Aizawl and PIB Guwahati have also closely monitored the facts of this false news and have issued clarifications on their Twitter accounts.
He stressed on the need to fill the vacant posts at the hospital to ensure quality care.
Speaking to reporters , he said that on receiving this information from the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills District , the office has ordered all sectoral officers to immediately ban carrying phones you can vote.
Many of them said that if the perpetrators rape children under the age of 18 years, they should be thrown into public places and if they are adults, they should be prosecuted. After the judgment, they shall be put in prison.
If it weren't for Kong Bindas, she would have come forward to Shillong to force the Government to build the Nongpoh-Umden-Sonapur road as many villages depend on this road.
Residents are also advised to turn off electricity and gas appliances.
The Cabinet meeting today has decided that the government announcement will be introduced in the House in the Dorbar Tlang to make it a full law, he said. Dr Mukul Sangma's state.
KHNAM, which has one MLA at present, does not know whether the election speaker will support the ruling party or the opposition.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister congratulated the people of Sohiong for setting up this college and this is an honor for the state as a whole.
Shillong, Nailar 22: The Shillong Premier League (SPL) 2016 match between Shillong Lajong FC and Rangdajied FC was played at the Polo Ground today. Shillong Lajong scored 2 goals and Rangdajied FC scored only one goal.
The award ceremony was organized by the Sports Department of the State to honor the youth who took part in the XLIII World Armwrestling Championship, XXIV World Para-Arm-Wrestling Championship in Antalya Turkey, PRO AM Universe Championship in Bangkok, Thailand and WFF PRO AM Asia Pacific in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.
As part of promoting the beauty of the tourist spot known as “Dom Marwein” which is located in the Pariong area of ​​Eastern West Khasi Hill District and as part of promoting the talents of the youth of the district. The Western Khasi Festival was held on the 17th June 2024 at this beautiful venue in the presence of Bah Robert June Kharjahrin MP candidate of RDA from Shillong Parliamentary Seat. to be like the guest.
Dr A War Director of Health Services (DHS) said that these five persons have recovered from the disease, but they will have to continue their home quarantine for another 28 days. to announce that these two men have completely recovered from their illness.
Shillong, Nailar 23: U Renikton L Tongkhar General Secretary of the HSPDP party, who is also a minister in the MDA government, on Tuesday said that the party has not yet received the letter from the opposition leader. Dr. Mukul Sangma, but as a party, you have a responsibility to the people.
A formal reception, including a dignified roadshow and felicitation, has been arranged to warmly receive the team upon their arrival.
There have been 3 deaths from the disease today, 1 from East Jaintia Hills, 1 from Ri Bhoi and 1 from East Khasi Hills. District 598 cases followed by West Jaintia Hills
People also came forward to get new LPG connections, Ayushman Bharat health cards and loans under the PM SVANidhi scheme.
Police are still trying to get the name of the man who died in the accident and at the same time they are trying to get the name of the vehicle. syllad to this man.
UMP Bezbaruah Member of the North Eastern Council Government of the Union Government was the chief guest on the occasion and in his speech said, “Jeebon Roy is like the father of the Khasi. even if he wasn't the biggest in the grades yet he was prominent.
According to the findings of the RTI investigators, it was found that in connection with these purchases, he used forged documents at a very low price and the use of the name of shops like Basgitram, Meghalaya Metal House and DR Enterprise without the knowledge of the shopkeepers.
Shillong, July 23: The Aryans Association of Colleges in Chandigrah has proposed to provide 100% meal allowance to the students of Meghalaya through the Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam Memorial Reigned Scholarship. for those who want to study engineering.
The other men were taken by police ambulance.
Jowai, Iaiong 27: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has launched another office in the city as part of its efforts to strengthen and expand its services for the welfare of the community. Jowai Circle is known as JSU Jowai Circle.
Dr. Jasmine M Lyngdoh, Clinical Psychologist and Director, Routes, Shillong discussed the impact of drug abuse and gave also think about the ways and means to escape this trouble.
The workshop also featured a keynote address by Dr.V.Connerstone Wann.
The State Government provides assistance to those rebel groups who have dissolved their organizations and also provides assistance to those who come to surrender before the Government through the scheme known as “Revise Scheme for Surrender-cum-Rehabilitation of Militants in the Norh East.
The Deputy Commissioner, Kong RM Kurbah, said that passers-by, shopkeepers and others around the pond have been found spreading garbage inside the pond and this has caused pollution. this is the pool.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council, Bah Roy Kupar Synrem, said that even the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, who is also the Chairman of the High Level Committee, is still thinking that the 342 households in the Iewmawlong area are employees of the Municipal.
He said that the Meghalaya government under the leadership of the Prime Minister has taken strong measures to combat and maintain the environment.
He stressed, “Through these changes, our legal, police and intelligence services have reached a new era.
If this policy had been in place, we would have believed that private schools would not have been willing to attack or even rape children especially in relation to those children who come through poor families such as the happened recently.
After opening the box, 70 soap boxes containing soap powder were found and after testing it was confirmed to be heroin.
This was done after the party suspended Bah PN Syiem and received the resignation letter of Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh from the Congress party.
Because many of the youngsters today don't know how to play the traditional Khasi instruments, to have a training center is essential.
The SDDF has made it clear through this media that the Sohra Civil Sub-Division has not yet been upgraded to District status.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Himalaya Shangpliang said that they should take their issue to the Legislative Assembly to discuss and inform the government. their.
Other schemes include the expansion of the cultivation of Lakadong shynria, the production of food from sohphan and the construction of a training center on Cooperative Management in Tura. Regarding the accounting of the expenditure of funds, he said that the accounting system has now gone smoothly although it is not yet adequate as it should be. Not only Meghalaya but also other states in the North East are slow.
He said he looks forward to seeing short films produced as part of the competition.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: The Maitshaphrang Khasi League Cricket Tournament Committee (MCC) today released the fixture for the tournament organized by the committee in collaboration with the Meghalaya Cricket Association.
He was also taken to court today and the court has given 12 days to the police to take him into custody for further investigation. a thief.
During this visit, the committee met with the employees of these government health centers to discuss the problems they face.
Dr Cruse said Meghalaya has now come forward in terms of the number of HIV cases including these North Eastern States.
If this is the case, the producers, ringers and actors of Awria have defamed other Khasi producers and actors and it will not improve the talent of the youth but will encourage the youth to work. It is on this basis that the Seng and the Jaidbynriew as a whole express their strong opposition to the release of this film.
Shillong, November 12: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Pyniaid Sing Syiem on Tuesday said that the Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will meet tomorrow morning to discuss the Clan Bill. 2020 to be submitted to the Dorbar Tlang which will start on 20/12/2
The Minister in charge of Information and Broadcasting, James K Sangma, said that the Cabinet today approved the Media Policy and this is to bring about transparency in the media especially in the field of media. government announcements.
The strike was announced by the party leader Bah Roipar Kharraswai in a meeting with the media to force the government authorities to resolve the issue within the party. The EMRI operates 108 Ambulances in the state.
Other members of the Commission are Uttam K. Sangma, IAS, Bah Lambha Roy, IAS.
Shillong, Jan. 26; Conrad K Sangma MP from Tura, said that the allegation by the Prime Minister that the election defeat was due to the EVMs is groundless, in fact the government belongs to them, Congress all the officers. fall in their view, this accusation is groundless in nothing.
Gumaghat, June 16: BSF troops in Gumaghat, South West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday morning arrested Bangladeshis who came by boat to parts of the country. India.
The meeting was attended by Paiem Niandro Syiemiong, President of the Federation of Khasi States (FKS), Chief of Maharam Hima, Paiem PM Syiemlieh, Chief of Nongkhlaw Hima, Bah H Skhemlon, Sirdar of Mawdon Hima, Secretary; FKS Joint Secretary NK Lyngdoh, Mawphlang Hima Chief, Edward Kurbah, Marbisu Hima Secretary, Paiem AM Syiem Malyniang, Acting Mawsynram Hima Chief, M Ranee Nongee, Acting Chief Mawsynram Hima Secretary. Bah L Basaiawmoit, Minister of Nongkhlaw Hima, Bah M Kharlukhi, Minister of Mylliem Hima, Bah D Syiemlieh, Secretary of Nongspung Hima, and Rangbah Shnongs along with the elders.
The four suspects were identified as Pradip Gogoi of Dibrigarh, Tulian Phukan of Lakhimpur, Pranjal Gogoi of Tinsukia and Deep Das of Bughat, Assam. Preenchand Kumar Mali and the truck number JH02-AK-9
Speaking on the installation of Sengol at the new headquarters, Prime Minister Duh said that this is a symbol of regaining India's heritage and remembering the time when it was acquired. independence of the country.
It was also decided that there will be a training session on how to use the 2 Traffic Police on the Iewrynghep-Nonglum road. On the other hand, Bah NK Syiem, SP Traffic Shillong, said that one person has been appointed at present and two persons will be appointed soon after all the requirements have been met by the office.
DAO 2.
Police said that if anyone has any information please contact
Irene Dkhar was accompanied by her parents and relatives.
The benefits of these actions are clear for both countries.
“It is unfortunate that there has been no proper recognition of Sardar Patel's great contribution and dedication to the unification of the country at a crucial time in history.
The film is one of 18 shorts (14 live-action and 4 animated films) selected from 2,263 submissions from 555 film schools around the world.
Shillong, July 07: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri Bhoi District today met with the Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Teinwell Dkhar demanded the removal of the Rangbah Shnong of Upper Nerbong village in Byrnihat of Ri Bhoi District as he is not a Khasi.
He said the Government is trying to achieve this within the stipulated time.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and the Minister of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri today congratulated Sandeep on bringing the medal to the state. up to 80 pounds.
The Hon'ble High Court has struck down the Meghalaya Parliamentary Secretaries Act 2005 as illegal.
“He said that these are the activities that have gone ahead but it is very different from the ILP and MRSSA because the purpose of these two laws is to have a check gate for everyone. who came into the state.
ITC is a beverage and food company in India that has grown rapidly in its business in the production of beverages and food, some of which are Aashirvaad, Sunfeast, Bingo! , YiPPee!, Kitchens of India, B Natural, Mint-o, Candyman and GumOn.
Shillong, Lber 19: The Meghalaya Government has implemented a Temperature Scanning for the entry of foreigners into Meghalaya at Byrnihat in Ri Bhoi District.
Pyniaid Sing Syiem said that many of the key departments of the State Government have also been relocated to New Shillong to improve the city.
He said that the assistance distributed to the affected families was done in accordance with the rules laid down by the government.
While the parties in the government, the UDP, which has the majority of MLAs, has not been able to shake or shake the Congress-led government despite the many decisions taken by the government. it did not consult with the organizations that worked together.
Referring to the allegation against the smartmeters, Prestone said the officers are looking into the report and once it is completed it will not be posted on the website for public information. There is nothing wrong with the misuse of power or money.
Shillong, July 25: The JSU Education Secretary Samla Request Pakma on Tuesday said that there is a shortage of principal and vice principal at the Government Girls Higher Secondary School in Jowai.
The registration of market vendors will be valid for five years only.
“This is something that worries the party because it destroys the revenue of the state.
We demand that Dr Jitendra Singh should apologize through the media and correct what he said.
On the other hand, the office has done what it should have done according to the rules.
The Ministry of Home Affairs has noticed the mistake and has sought a report from the state government.
At the time of publication, the body of Sidhrath has not been found although the SDRF team has tried to search in parts of the Umkhrah River near the bridge opposite the CRPF camp from Sunday until Sunday for 24 hours.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court, Justice S Vaidyanathan today met the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan at Raj Bhavan, Shillong.
The Mrs TKS International contest will be held in November 2019 this year.
Speaking to media at the BJP office today, the minister said the government will now have to increase the bond for doctor's education to prevent young people from entering the country. They shall not be able to work in the state for three years.
If the NGT bans the mining of coal, who will provide food for the people who work in this field?
T.30,000/- was seized from this person.
The Director said that the Minister of Health and Family Welfare himself has a desire to improve the quality of care provided to the patients at the hospital.
“Today, the District Election Committee has approved five nominations sent by the branch.
It will be ensured that there will be no misuse of government vehicles in connection with the elections. This is for the political parties.
The awards were presented by the Chief Secretary DP Wahlang and the Director General of Police (DGP) Dr Lajja Ram Bishnoi.
The Employment and Generation Cell of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) has expressed its regret over the lack of appointment by the state government of youth who have passed Grade IV in any government department.
It should also be borne in mind that the District Council itself is responsible for protecting the culture, customs and traditions of the minorities and their land and these issues in the District Council are different from the issues. in the state, therefore, we have no intention to cooperate with any political party, except the BJP,” said Bah Pala.
New Delhi, June 23: At the Mann Ki Baat, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has made it a priority to celebrate the living heritage and linguistic diversity of the North East.
The union also demands that the Indian government should not order the Assam government to return to Meghalaya the land that has been crossed to Meghalaya.
James PK Sangma, Minister of Law, Home, DCA, Meghalaya, agreed that these are very important issues that need to be understood and require the consensus of all. He said that the time has come for us to start talking on all these issues including the issue of responding to the MHA, and said that he will direct the Law and DCA departments to prepare a detailed explanation. on these documents so that the discussions in the Government and the discussions of the meeting between the Chief Minister and the Federation of Khasi State.
In her speech, she said that the purpose of giving this vaccine is to free the children from diseases.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Sordar of Thadrang Village, Bah B Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that people from Khyndewso Village last month used dynamite to catch fish in the Wah. -Umkhen where the fish in the river died.
He also spoke on the role of the States in achieving the country's objectives in terms of AVGC activities. these work.
During the visit, the Chief Minister found that the work has progressed and he is pleased to see that the long-awaited work of the state has progressed smoothly in the construction of the State Legislative Assembly.
On the same day, the Director General also honored 21 employees of the NCC in the North Eastern States at a function held at the Directorate office. NCC meeting in Shillong in the presence of NCC leaders from the North East.
Jowai, Lber 26: The KSU Iooksi Unit has met with the AEE, MeECL Khliehriat Distribution Division, along with a letter, to complain about the lack of electricity in the villages of Iooksi, Umdiengling in the past few months. I have filed a complaint.
The complaint also quoted Ashwini Updhyay as saying, “The Legislative Assembly, the Government and the Judiciary are not functioning at all in Meghalaya.
After the meeting, the Speaker of the House, Bah Metbah, said that the HPC has decided to send an independent committee to investigate the collapse of the Dome of the Assembly. Guwahati IIT, Kolkata IIT and Delhi IIT are among the three IITs to accept the offer.
On the other hand, the KJNU leader said that if there is any incident on that day, the people cannot participate because the DC has set only 100 people of his office to be allowed. The DC has to take responsibility because the people of East Jaintia Hills are against this.
According to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, the districts most affected by the cyclone are West Jaintia Hills, South West Khasi Hills, East Khasi Hills and Eastern West Khasi Hills.
Mairang, Nailar 24: The Minister in charge of Water Supply, Bah Samlin Malangniang today inaugurated the 2nd Edition of the Football Knock Out Tournament 2019 at Kynshi Bangla Ground, West Khasi Hills District. The event was organized by the Kynshi Bangla Social and Cultural Sports Club.
He urged those in attendance to work for the causes of the country’s freedom movement and to follow the beliefs of the Indian freedom movement.
One person has died of the disease in West Khasi Hills District, bringing the total number of deaths to 1409 so far.
The meeting was attended by school children, Rangbah Shnong and MeECL officials. The purpose of the meeting was to bring closer the relationship between the electricity department and the consumers. it's light.
The arrest of the suspect was achieved through the joint efforts of the East Khasi Hills and West Khasi Hills District Police.
The march was led by the Chairman of the Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organization (COMSO), Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin and other leaders of COMSO.
There are 365 recoveries today, the highest number of recoveries from East Khasi Hills 150, the total number of recoveries in the state is after.
Referring to the police department, he said the government has strengthened the police posts in different districts of the state and the government will invite applications for the recruitment of 3000 personnel. the police.
The song also commemorates the life of a Summersalt member who passed away in
He gave a gift that no one could pay back.
Speaking at the launch of the film, Commander said that there are two ways of making films, one is through YouTube, but these films are only to be shown in cinema halls. , requested the public to support us by watching Khasi films.
Gelatin sticks, 167 rounds of ammunition, one wire safety fuse, three rounds of explosives, a vehicle and three mobile phones from the four persons were seized. the people who got arrested.
Alinsha Snaitang from Mawlai Nongkwar and Baiarlin Khongjoh from Langkawet.
The total number of cases in the state is 74, of which 65 cases are from East Khasi Hills, 2 cases from West Khasi Hills, 3 cases from Ri Bhoi, 1 case from West Jaintia Hills and 1 case from South West Garo Hills.
It is the victory of years and decades of selflessness and the courageous spirit of our ancestors and freedom fighters.
There will be many drawing competitions and discussions on how to preserve the environment. Students and teachers are invited to attend. on the 2nd of this month, at the office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills.
He urged all the kurs to set a goal to conduct a census of the 3367 Khasi tribes.
Tura, Naitung 08: Meghalaya Police today arrested nine militants of the Achik Songna Achakpakiga Kotok (ASAK) from Willaimnagar and Rongjeng towns in East Garo Hills.
The meeting was held today and the District Councils also gave their suggestions to the government on many issues and whether they can introduce a rule.
Suting said that during the meeting with the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Paim said that these Khasi will be able to become Rangbah Shnongs in these areas under the jurisdiction of the Hima Mylliem. .
They assured to take timely measures to reduce the number of positive cases as well as the number of cases in their states.
In his speech, the Chief Justice of India said that with the opening of the High Court, the High Court has fulfilled what is written in the Constitution of India that the States should have I'm going to the High Court.
At this meeting it was said that in these days many women have been taken advantage of, especially single mothers because they face many difficulties in raising their children.
The death toll has risen to 1600 in South West Garo Hills. 54 people are in hospital and 42 in East Khasi Hills. , West Garo Hills 11, West Jaintia Hills 1.
Others who attended the meeting were Khliehriat MLA, Justine Dkhar, Additional Chief Secretary, Mining and Geology, Y Tsering, W Khyllep, Secretary, Law. , Secretary, Mining and Geology, MN Nampui, Director, Mineral Resources, RP Marak, officials of the Forest Department, Pollution and Labor Departments.
Police from Tura police station said two persons were injured in the shooting, including Pramod Rai, who works at the petrol pump, and Nobo Hajong, a mechanic.
In another raid on Friday, Custom officials seized 50 byrni of Chinese rice weighing 950 kilos called Huaguang, which was intended to be smuggled across the border.
“We have received information that the government through the Ministry of Tourism has planned to introduce tourism development schemes worth tens of crores in the area, but the question is how much tourism will increase if we don't “We have a good and complete road which is the source of development,” said the leaders of these two Sengbhalang.
The construction of the Laitkor-Pomlakrai-Laitlyngkot road in East Khasi Hills district is one of the schemes of the state government to develop the area at a cost of Rs 27.09 crore and is scheduled to be completed by November The 11.52 km road project has been implemented and is expected to bring great convenience to the passengers and bring it closer to the NH-6 to Mizoram and Assam, and the NH - 206 connecting Guwahati and Shillong.
There was an investigation by the police departments and the villagers during the investigation but after talking they allowed the union to complete the license application.
The purpose of this Bill is to legalize the system of khien kur among the Khasi by taking the jaid from the mother, in accordance with section 3(1) of sections 4 and 5 of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution. The Government of India has empowered the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council to enact laws on customs and traditions.
George said the statement shows that Conrad has already spoken to his superiors in Guwahati and Delhi, if the TMC wins until it gets a majority, what the NPP and Shillong, July 23: Speaking at a welcoming ceremony for the Congress party at Congress Bhavan, Saleng A Sangma said that the BJP is trying to buy TMC MLAs. I don't want to change but in the NCP I can't provide services to the people.
Police said that the Chief Minister Biplab Dey has ordered that no one should be allowed to enter those areas especially foreigners.
The memorandum said that the Governor of the RBI has surrendered to the Modi government by allowing the government to interfere in the work of the RBI because the power lies with the Governor. The Congress party demands that the Governor of the RBI should resign immediately and should take responsibility for all these problems in the removal of 5000 notes. one thousand rupees, the prestige of the RBI should be preserved as it is.
It is learned that the polling stations have arrived and they are now being checked to ensure that there are no irregularities.
In the women's category, Dubakh-A beat Dubakh-B 51-36 baskets.
We cannot accept and will follow up until we have the full explanation to find out what caused the Ministry of Health to dump the drugs in Marten.
Speaking to reporters after the distribution of the aid to the families in need, Bah Milon Warjri, one of the members of the HOPE group, said that this is not the case. However, they have gathered friends and bought these food items to help the market vendors.
Shillong, November 30: Meghalaya today marked the 157th death anniversary of Woh Kiangnangbah, a freedom fighter against the British rule who was arrested and hanged at Iewmusiang in
UDP East Khasi Hills District President Titos Starwell Chyne was also present at the meeting. He also welcomed Balajied Kupar as the party's candidate for the mid-term elections.
Shillong, March 07: The CSWO today expressed its surprise over the speech of the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma against the civil society organizations. people who have been accused of corruption, according to a statement.
He also requested the Minister that this time the government should make it clear that the selection of MBBS students should be transparent and transparent without any confidentiality.
This was stated by Bashan Lyngdoh, General Secretary, HYC Mawlai Circle.
According to a statement sent by the Superintendent of Police, Ribhoi, Jagpal Singh Dhanoa, police have registered a case under Section 120B/121A of the Indian Penal Code. 13/18 UA(P) Act and Sec 5/6 Explosives Substance Act.
She said that they can choose sports as a source of income or they can choose other activities but playing with others will bring about cooperation and competitive spirit in them and will also strengthen the body. their thoughts and feelings.
Ethylene gas can be applied at a concentration of up to 100 ppm (100 µl/L), depending on the composition of the crop.
Former Minister of State and former CEM of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla has urged many of those who have changed their minds to remain so, because most of the time when the fear disappears, they go back to their old life. .
The same complaint was lodged against Jenisha A Sangma for the construction of a footpath at Rangakona GHADC Constituency at a cost of T.10 lakh. Modinagar from the special allocation of the Central Government for the year 2015-2
After that you left KHNAM and joined the UDP, after that you came back to KHNAM to contest the 2014 Election and the people of 18th – Mawkhar-Pynthorumkhrah Constituency gave their support. I have completed KHNAM and I have won your honor.
Earlier, the Dorbar Shnong, led by the Rangbah Shnong, Bah M. Thongni and the Secretary, Bah Lambor Kharshilot, had held a meeting in the morning to discuss the call of the Deputy Commissioner. the meeting unanimously decided not to attend the meeting at all.
He congratulated the leaders of the Central Government and the States for the selection of these five youths from this region. he played enough.
Speaking to media, LD Lakiang, Rangbah Shnong of Ladthadlaboh, said that even after the village has requested through the media, the Sengbhalang should not hold the programme. The protest was held on the 5th and 6th of this month which is the day when the village has prepared a fundraising market for the construction of a new school, but the Sengbhalang does not believe.
The Sordar Shnongs together with the leaders of HANM and the Fishery Department have decided to impose a fine of T.10,000 on anyone found fishing in the river.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: The Meghalaya government will bear the medical expenses of Bishashwar Das who was burnt to death by unidentified gunmen at his shop in Bishanpur on Saturday.
The new Director General of Police, Idashisha Nongrang, has not denied the allegation that some policemen are collecting money from trucks in different parts of the state.
The Prime Minister said he has taken note that the government has already directed the law enforcement agencies to investigate and punish according to the law.
In East Jaintia Hills alone, 277 cows were seized.
On the other hand, Bah Khongshei said that besides Kongthong, there are 22 villages which have this song, so they want all 23 villages to be recognized by the central government or the government. state spirit.
On the other hand, the government needs the support of the people in relation to this initiative of the government.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah LG Nongsiej MDC of this area said that the incident happened at 2 pm this morning while the people were sleeping. lyngngai but this wind suddenly came and swept away the houses.
Initially, the Secretary stressed that the States should work as soon as possible to complete the 1 dose vaccination campaign for all those who have reached the age of 18 years.
The Government has taken all necessary measures to prevent the spread of the disease by searching for people who have entered and left the hospital and banning people from walking and standing around the hospital. The hospital is in accordance with the guidelines prescribed by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
From Meghalaya, Hitesh and Nikita Jhunjhunwala and Yadvi were selected for the selfie competition with their daughter.
Thoughts come from above, not from below.
Shillong, November 20: The people of Meghalaya and civil society groups have decided to see the implementation of the entry and exit gate for foreigners coming to Meghalaya. The first gate in the state is located at Umlong in Ri Bhoi District.
It is important to understand that this aspiration for an independent India began from the bottom up in our villages, for the welfare of the poor and backward people, and for economic development in all countries. side of our country.
The consultation which started today will end tomorrow.
Wandonbok Jyrwa, General Secretary EKHLTWA, said that they have taken this decision to support the rally called by the AITU after consultation with all the commercial vehicle owners' unions.
The CSWO Central Body, under the leadership of Kong Christabel Wanniang, General Secretary of the CSWO, has conducted an inspection of the hospital and found that the patients have been treated by another ANM. The Seng leader said that during the inspection, when inquiring from the staff of the PHC, they said that Dr.A.Kharnaior who used to work at the PHC has gone to study for further training and now he is almost Your hospital doesn't have a doctor.
The SPVS is the only source of funding for development projects from this company.
Shillong, March 19: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah PN Syiem today announced in the House that a Magisterial Inquiry will be appointed to investigate the misappropriation of funds of the Council. Professional Tax from Nongstoin and Nongpoh to the account of a private individual.
“On this important day, I welcome the first elected MPs and wish them all the best," said Minister Duh.
What is the reason for the repeal of Articles 370 and 35A? This is a great sign of this government.
The deceased were the sons of Alexander L Nonglait and Beautiful Nongsiej.
On the other hand, EM Bah War said in the House that the KHADC has set up a committee headed by the Deputy Chief Executive Member and six other members. within this Committee.
The total number of voters in this constituency is 33959 and 19819 voters turned out to vote in this MP election.
Critical fossil fuels are in high demand due to India’s commitment to transform the energy landscape and become a net-zero emissions country by 2070.
According to the Ministry of Home Affairs, 30 Transit Passes have been issued so far, out of which 20 in East Khasi Hills District, 9 in Ri Bhoi District and 1 in East Jaintia Hills. , while other districts do not have the Transit Pass to transport cattle.
Speaking to SP News Agency at the Mawkhar Palace, Pa,im Ricky said that the charge of 50 tyngka per day is because they live on the land of the Hima without permission or the Hima. she did not give permission.
The sohniamtra from Mawphu and Nongsteng was brought to the festival.
He said that except some parts of Assam and Manipur, 75 per cent of the areas covered under the Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA) in 2018 are no longed under it.
: About 600 Graduate and Post Graduate Students were honored at the 5th Convocation of ICFAI University Meghalaya held at the State Convention Centre, Shillong on Thursday in the presence of the Prime Minister. State Education Minister Conrad K. Sangma, Education Minister Rakkam A. Sangma, Chancellor Lt General (Dr) Arvinder Singh Lambha and Vice Chancellor Dr Alicia Gatphoh and other dignitaries were present.
Information on the released and approved funds has been provided to the States and UTs for the years 2022-23 and 2023-24 and information on vaccination and deaths of livestock in the States.
At present, Meghalaya has 95 percent of the households covered by SHGs. He said that the State's EAP funding deman has increased from Rs 12,500 crore to Rs 2,500 crore in just three years,” he said.
This is the most sad thing because we have been elected by the Kurs and we are responsible for the Hima to know the use of the funds and the procedures but we don't know that either because there is no census. “It's a good idea to have a meeting,” said Minister Shanpru.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed one death from South Garo Hills today, bringing the total number of deaths in the state to
In the past 40 years, when the KSU has taken up any issue in the struggle, there have been challenges and this has been understood even in this more than 10 years since he took office, the leader of the KSU. The party believes that the past leaders of the party have also faced the same problem.
He said that Myanmar is a neighboring country that has many relations with us.
The Seng also warns against those who are benami by allowing foreigners to steal the wealth of the Jaitbynriew.
Zekabari Higher Secondary School had the lowest pass percentage with 18 students passing 2 11.11% while Patharkata Higher Secondary School had 4 students passing without passing 0%.
The first is to involve various churches to join hands in the fight against drugs,” said Bah Paul Lyngdoh. to the Churches to be used in the fight against drugs and drug abuse.
“We have received statements from the Prime Minister that if the teachers violate the order of the Government they can appeal to the Court and this has prompted us to appeal to the Meghalaya Court where the Court has ruled that the “It's a shame,” said Bah Marbaniang.
About 5 of those who applied for medical school in Meghalaya have applied for medical school in Meghalaya and surprisingly their names have appeared in the list. you list.
The Chief Minister said the government wants to see that the state should become rich in the production of rice from the state.
Amit Shah also ordered to expedite the distribution of relief goods to reduce the suffering of the people.
In the 59-member Assembly, there are 40 MLAs in the ruling party and 19 MLAs in the opposition.
In his speech, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, said that to strengthen this system of treatment, it is necessary to bring together a group of Khasi medicine practitioners.
Therefore, the union urges the government to turn its attention to the people of these areas by providing them with a C&RD Block as this area is still backward. education and economic development as well.
The current postmaster told the HYC leaders that the former postmaster has been arrested and the head office will send the money.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Director Horticulture Department Daniel Ingty said that the department will start encouraging the cultivation of Kait, Sohtrun and many other varieties. cultivation of rice, wheat, barley and mushrooms.
Regarding the appointment, it has been done between the Managing Committee and the government and they have been appointed. The teachers are not members of the MC. The Chief Minister said that this is between the government and the MCs. As the employees have signed in the syrnot how much money they have spent, it is for this reason that they are not happy with the LP teachers. Schools receive T.12000/-, teachers in UP schools receive T.16000/-, those teaching in SSLC receive T.20,000/- and those teaching in HSSLC receive T.24,000/-.
After investigation, police found that these people were accused of stealing and after arresting them, police were able to recover all these 50 cows from these two people.
KSU Ranikor Circle President Marconi Thongni said that the police who tried to stop the flag raising ceremony in which women and children came out to demand the rights of women and children Civil Sub Division.
The people have started to doubt because it has been a long time but it should be understood that the government has not been involved in this issue and the government has set up a committee to discuss this and submitted a report to the government. and approved by the Cabinet and urged the people to continue to tolerate temporarily, urged the people to cooperate with the government.
Once Psiar and Khanduli have been resolved, it will be difficult to resolve Block-I,” said the Forum.
At this time of grief, the Government and the Cabinet send their condolences to all the family members at this time of grief.
The blessing and sacrament was given by the hands of the Archbishop Rev Dominic Jala.
To commemorate the 46th Anniversary of the KSU Mawlai Circle, the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mawlai Circle on Tuesday handed over a house built by the KSU to Kong Regina Jyrwa, a woman who has children and earns a living by working day jobs to support her family and children.
Shillong, March 19: The family of Meirad Thaneh Warjri has settled in Kyrdemkulai many years ago, but the mother has been blind for more than 10 years.
Regarding this Institute, EOI will be invited from other Institutes in the state and abroad who have been trained in this field of medicine.
In the belief in the collaboration between the Central Government and the State Governments, these workshops have paved the way for the wider adoption of the PM GatiShakti National Master Plan and National Logistics Policy in the States and UTs. better coordination between construction activities and promptness of action by those involved in this which will lead to joint training in the States / UTs and Central Government departments.
The union also urges the Chief Minister to take action to talk to the companies to accept them in their jobs. said Ferdinand L Marshiliang, Chairman of the FPWDs.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13 : The golfers of Assam have won the 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022, which was held at the Shillong Golf Course. East', after winning three gold medals in the tournament.
Union Home Minister Amit Shah said that in a meeting in Delhi, he asked what measures are available to protect the people from the influx of foreigners. “They have promised to talk again after Christmas,” said Bah Lambor Malangniang.
When I hold meetings with the officers I used to say, I don't talk publicly about it but today I feel like I want to talk, I urge the officers that after many years of independence can't we do anything? to reduce red tape and minimize government involvement in the daily lives of ordinary people.
Rachel Rimeika Jyrwa has won the second place and Rebecca Nongkhlaw has won the third place in the Miss Shillong 2023 pageant.
According to the directives of the Establishment Division of the DoPT, Dr Jitendra Singh said that as the Government has decided to include those over 18 years of age in the vaccination program to prevent the spread of COVID-1 suggestion to all Government employees over 18 years of age to accept vaccination.
Mod Iawrod said that in connection with this issue, Banshai Marbaniang, a volunteer worker in the area together with Mod Iawrod, Muster Roll worker of the PHE Department, The responsibility to gather all the members is urged to attend the meeting as scheduled for the renewal of the Union's office in Mawsynram Area.
The Seng today also set up an Employment Cell headed by Bah Louis Dohtdong as Chairman to monitor the Grade-IV vacancies in various departments of the State Government.
Speaking to reporters after the public meeting, Rev PBM Basaiawmoit said that it has been arranged that any person who has Aadhaar if he wishes to withdraw himself can submit a written request. Those who wish to apply can apply from 11 am to 3 pm at the KSU office on the 30th of this month.
: The General Secretary of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Donald V. Thabah on Friday criticized the politicians by saying that since Meghalaya got its own state, there has not been a single state. The Land Transfers Act was introduced by Martin N.Majaw in the last 50 years.
Shillong, Nailar 22: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, after his return from Mookaiaw, visited the Shillong-Jowai road which has been damaged throughout the road.
Rajiv Bansal, Secretary, Civil Aviation, Swapnil M Nair, Secretary (Civil Aviation), Government of Arunachal Pradesh, Air, R Madhavan, CMD, HAL, Sanjeev Kumar, Chairman, AAI, UshaPadhee, Joint Secretary and Amber Dubey, Joint Secretary, Civil Aviation, Vikram DevDutt, CMD, Alliance Air and other officials from the Government of Arunachal Pradesh, Alliance Air, HAL, Indian Airforce and Airport Authority of India.
However, till now there has been no attempt by the Seng to implement this demand, he added that Karnataka is the state with the highest number of Khasi working and studying compared to In other states of India, the lack of Meghalaya House has caused problems especially to the students who come to the Government.
Dr. R. Lalthangliana, Minister of Health & Family Welfare, Higher & Technical Education, Commerce and Industry, Robert Romawia Royte, Minister of State for Sports and Youth Services, Tourism and Information and Communication Technology.
In his speech, Bah Banteidor, as the chief guest, urged to be clean and hygienic because wealth has no value when a person is not in good health.
To clarify this, there was also a struggle by the students of the school to become a teacher.
The NPP leader said that this struggle by force and the use of insurgents would be a serious threat to democracy.
What not to do, Do not leave your home during bad weather, especially to work in the fields, feed the animals, fish, boat or go out.
Shillong, July 25: The Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) today announced six more MLA candidates for the upcoming MLA elections to be held on the 27th of June.
The deceased was identified as KK Paul, 55, of Mawbah, Shillong.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that some incidents have happened and the government is determined to ensure and take all necessary measures to arrest the people who had a hand in those incidents.
Regarding the PHH rice, 4.977 kilo per capita at the price of 3 tyngka per kilo and for those under Tide Over, 0.023 kilo per capita. the price is T.
To summarize some of the speeches of the President of India to the people of the country, he said that the celebration of the Independence Day of the country is to pay tribute to the freedom fighters who gave their lives. he gave his life for the sake of the country where independence was achieved in
Shillong, March 31: The 1st Mylliem Lum Football League Tournament 2012 has been held on 27th March 2012 for the 12 villages of Mylliem Lum. Thousands of residents of Mylliem Lum area have gathered to witness this special day in Mylliem Lum.
Shortly after, police arrived at the scene to stop the clash between the two sides.
Shillong, Nailur 25: U Minister of State for Industries, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, in the last Legislative Assembly, has requested T.25, 67, 266 lakh from the House.
On the other hand, the SP News Agency has tried to get information from the residents regarding the road from which it will pass in this village. If the government doesn't feel so, it should implement it from wherever it wants.
The training was conducted at the request of the newly elected MLAs for the first time as MLAs in the last Budget Session.
One of the shops belonging to Susil Rai and the other to Denished Pal was occupied by the brother of Bapan Pal.
The KSU has no idea who will build this road but what they want is that this road should be repaired for the benefit of the people of the area.
After the meeting with the KSU leaders, the Chief Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, while speaking to reporters, said that the problem of drugs is not only a crime but also a crime. problem in society today.
Shillong, Iaiong 03: Members of HANM today saw several buses coming from Assam and dropping people near NEIGRIHMS including women and men. I didn't ask and found out that they wanted to come to Meghalaya.
According to the scheme, one district will plant Sohiong, South West Khasi Hills District will plant Ngap, Ri Bhoi Sohtrun will plant Shyrmit, North Garo Hills will plant Kaid, East Garo Hills Sohtrun, South Garo Hills Sohphan, South West Garo Hills Sohtrun, West Khasi Hills Syieng, and West Garo Hills Cashewnut based Products.
Shillong, Lber 07: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, while speaking to reporters after being sworn in as the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, said that it is not surprising that there have been two ministers in the past. symbut old man is not surprised.
Speaking to reporters outside Shillong Airport today, the Chief Minister said that the Indigo flight will fly daily between Shillong and Kolkata.
Others who were present were Bah E.Lyngwa, Principal Consultant, SeMT, B.Tiwari, Special Officer, IT Department, B.Bhattacharjee, Deputy Director, Higher and Technical Education, Bah S.War, Senior Informatics Officer, IT Department.
With the initiative of the Government of Meghalaya, the Sikkim authorities have provided four vehicles to evacuate these 26 students who were stranded in Majitar, Sikkim to Siliguri. They were taken by bus to Shillong.
The government is now looking for ways and means to resolve this issue as according to the order issued by the Ministry of Development of the Government, all the houses in the Greater Shillong, if they want to build, they have to get permission from MUDA otherwise they will not get light or water.
The development of the Laitiam River Side Eco Tourism Hub at Laitiam village started during the month of June, 2022 and completed during the month of December, 2023.
As usual in other medical institutes, the ratio of women to men is 80:20 but in NEIGRIHMS it has changed completely and those who get the job, do not have any experience ( practical) because NEIGRIHMS does not ask for it and this will cause problems to the patients who come for treatment at this place.
The meeting was held in Guwahati five years ago and this year, about 60 officers of the Income-Tax Department of the Eastern Zone attended.
The two-day Karate training was organized with the support of the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs, Government.
In an announcement at a brief meeting, Metbah said that the Government of India has already allocated Rs 10.52 crore for the construction of the Presbyterian Church in Nongsawlia.
So far, the PCF has received the support of only the HSPDP.
The first Kiew Eh Rngiew in 1999 was Rangbah Sumar Sing Sawian, Rangbah Mistin Tymthai who ate kwai at the door of God, without forgetting others. Rangbah Dipshon L Nongbri, who live day and night to improve and develop this greatest custom of the Khasi people.
Shillong, Nailar 16: The residents of Mawlai Nongkwar Village today turned to the KHADC to seek clarification on the removal of the Rangbah Shnong of Bah Rapbor Roi Thangkhiew on the 13th of this month.
The Prime Minister said that the country as a whole is struggling to provide health facilities to the people and many of the government health facilities cannot be used due to the shortage of doctors.
On this occasion, Dr Lamin congratulated Bah Kitdor Syiem for being a visionary leader in building this place in the country. In a way that can be used in many ways that in this same place many things can be done and this vision of his has been realized today.
Officials and others involved in the work of the Ministry of Civil Aviation (MoCA) and the Airport Authority of India (AAI) attended the function.
The KSU Bangalore Unit has set the rules for the awarding of prizes. For Class X and Class XII, students must score 80% or above.
The Voice of the People's Party (VPP) has filed an allegation that the Meghalaya Lokayukta has dismissed officers from the Meghalaya Lokayukta. Corruption in the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC).
Earlier, after more than 24 hours of strike, doctors and nurses arrived at the strike site to check her blood pressure and check her condition. of Mrs. Bindas.
: The Christmas season has come and many households have been busy buying clothes for their children, but they are facing a big problem after the police have not allowed them to Private vehicles to park in the parking lot of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) opposite the State Bank of India (SBI) near the Shillong Club Ltd.
She also spoke about the Elite Pathway Program which has been worked with the MSOA to identify sports talent.
As the state government wants to develop the state in tourism through the beauty of the hills and rivers, the greenery of the trees and the clean sky, said Bah Warjri.
Pyniaid said that the CEM of KHADC is elected by the MDCs in the KHADC Assembly. According to the AD Rule, Rule 20 of the Assam and Meghalaya Autonomous District Rules The Governor of the State has the authority to appoint the CEM and EM of the KHADC. The High Court in 2020 explained that the CEM and EMs of the Council are appointed by the Governor in accordance with the 20th AD of the Council.
A scheme for clearing the railway line has now started in the area, he said.
(SP News)Numbers (Tentative) of Nominations Filed on 05.02.2013Jowai DC10213542Khliehriat SDO5265Nongpoh DC829110111012222221212121212197Shillong DO261281Mairang SDO302311Nongstoin DC3243323439Mawkyrwat SDO352361Williamnagar DC370412422430Resubelpara SDO383392403Dadenggiri SDO245523496484Tura420 DO53354555311Baghmara DC581592602.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister urged the people not to blame the sufferer as well as the family as this disease can affect anyone without discrimination. “Wherever you are, it is time for us as citizens to show responsibility at this time to fight against this disease,” he said.
Speech was also delivered by the Doctor of Animal Husbandry & Veterinary Department, who said that it has been a benefit to the people as the VECs have benefited through MGNREGS in which many types of works have been implemented. .
The NAMASTE platform collects mortality data from 168 hospitals and the Ayush Research platform collects 42,818 research articles on Ayush.
This was stated by Bah Thomas Passah in a statement sent today.
According to sources, the government has sent an invitation to the prominent civil society organizations in the state to join the party so that the government will inform about the border talks with Assam. in the 6 sections already discussed.
“If the government cannot do anything about the refusal to attend school, we have decided to lodge a complaint in the court to fight against our issue,” said Iasanbha Khyllep. It is the fault of the government that it has sent us to study without consulting us.
This was announced by the Chief Executive Manager of Frank Motors, Kong Evarika Lyngdoh at the opening ceremony of the Workshop Center at Laitkor Mawrie. Gumeet Singh who was the chief guest in the presence of RCCM Arup Sharma, CCM Mr Sayak, Rangbah Mawrie Pdeng Bah Edmund Kharmalki, Rangbah Aibor J. Marbaniang and others. you are welcome.
He urged the party workers to explain to the people to vote for the NPP candidate in order to bring about change in the development of the country.
All the people are urged to please hold this.
The PDF is not a political party, it is a group to form the EC in KHADC in which political parties such as the UDP, KHNAM and Congress are also present.
On the other hand, KJNU Leader Niman Shadap said, “If the Hmar people continue to destroy their fellow citizens and if there are any tragic incidents against the Hmar people, the Hmar people will residents here within the border should take responsibility".
When the SP News Agency on the occasion of the 183rd death anniversary of the Khasi people, visited the famous house, it was found that the house is empty. There are no statues of this great king in that place, only a house, and on the ground floor is a statue of this great king.
Shillong, Lber 31: The Meghalaya Government has announced that all schools and government offices in East Khasi Hills District will be closed on 12th June 2021 on the end of the Shad Suk Mynsiem at Weikieng Square.
Shillong, Nailar 14: The KSU has expressed its support to Prof. Sungoh. This is according to a statement sent by Samla Shining Star Kharbihkhiew Vice Chairman Education Cell KSU. James K Sangma, Chairman of the Cabinet meeting today, has decided to take T.1345.72 crore from the Rural Electrification Corporation and the Power Finance Corporation. MeECL has already paid the electricity bill purchased from the electricity generation companies.
Finally, Samla Biangbor L.Paliar, Organizing Secretary of KSU Sengkmie and who was the chief guest on the occasion praised the hard work of the members of Mawbah Unit who took this initiative. and to conduct such programs as part of encouraging all students not to drop out of their part-time studies.
They were released from jail in April last year, and the family members of these two men have already issued a statement saying that they are not sellers but only drinkers. The family members have also sent a letter to the NHRC to find out the truth.
He congratulated all the participants in the conclave and advised them to look for practical areas to improve the training system in the country.
We may be angry that Bah Ardent has been on strike for five days, but we will not fall into the trap of the Government,” said Bah Ardent.
Earlier, the KSU leaders had handed over a letter to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong who is also in charge of the PWD (Roads) Department of the State Government to send for immediate repair of this road. which has been a shame not only to the district but also to the entire state.
He said that the party has already met with Rahul Gandhi and he has promised to do whatever is necessary but so far there has been no change because the network has been lip lighted. These mobile companies have also disappeared.
He said that she as a family does not have any complaint if the groups honor her on her birthday or death day, but what is needed is to inform the Phan Nonglait's house is still in Nongrimai.
The struggle against the delay in the operation of the borbing department as well as the lack of drinking water for the people of the area.
However, suddenly in 1950, as the IOA & AA did not appear in the Constitution of India, the Legislative Assembly was left without recognition from the Government of India.
He said that although the Mazdoor Union has stopped the strike, it will continue to fight against the illegal theft of petrol and diesel by petrol trucks halfway before reaching the petrol pumps.
Bah Che has nothing to do with the activities of the Seng, but he is only a mediator between the Seng and the SBs and IBs. The investigation team will find out whether Bah Che has anything to do with the Seng.
Of all the political parties, only the AITC party has announced its election manifesto to the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly by the party's National General Secretary Abhishek Banerjee in Shillong.
When the equipment has been received but it is not enough, there are still many shortcomings and we have provided the equipment through the MHIS scheme where we have been able to help the patients and the patients have helped us.
In this drama it is shown how in the past women had to obey what the men said. It is in this drama that women from ancient times tried to fight how to speak against the men. There is no need to be persecuted, which is also very relevant to this age.
The aim of this orientation program is to empower the students to better understand how to mine information sources using digital.
Eugeneson Lyngdoh of the UDP, Kennedy Cornelius Khyriem of the INC and Lamphrang Blah of the NPP have filed their nomination papers from the 24th Mawphlang (ST) Assembly Constituency. MD Abdus Saleh NPP, Hashina Yasmin Mondal, Ashahel D Shira UDP, Kingston B Marak BJP and Carla R Sangma as independent candidates.
Before the swearing-in ceremony of the new members of FKJGP Mawrashe Unit, a welcome speech was delivered by Samla Arphin Stone Marbaniang, Asst General Secretary FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle.
Recently, police seized 500 grams of heroin from the same area in Madanritting.
He said that we should have a spirit of cooperation in helping those people who have become addicted to alcohol to escape and come back to a new life.
A total of 97,550 people have been tested so far, 94,418 negative and 216 results are pending.
The Sengbhalang of the state has decided to hold an office picketing on Saturday across the state and the Sengbhalang has postponed the road blockade from 10 pm to 10 pm. will end at 5 pm.
The union feels that if those CWC officials are too happy in Meghalaya, they should immediately return to their home country, Bangladesh and do whatever they want in their own country.
In these competitions held around the country, many of the participants were young.
Pius Marwein is also the MLA of the constituency. The mid-term elections have come in the MDC constituency after the death of Nasar Marwein MDC who won the general MDC election.
The Selection Trial started on the 3rd of March and ended on the 8th of this month.
The demand of the Government is to improve the quality of education according to the needs of the future generations so that it will not darken the future generations especially for the poor who deserve it. knowledge without being used as a treasure that is necessary for all.
Ramsiej alleged that such incidents have occurred because the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has not been able to resolve the boundary between the two Himas, DwaraNongtyrnem and Mawsynram. has happened since time immemorial.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: U Symbut Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, today called for a meeting with the BSF troops to discuss the issues related to the situation. The meeting was held between the Ministry of Home Affairs and was attended by the Director General of Police, Dr. Shakil P.K. Ahammed in charge of Home Affairs and BSF were led by Inspector General of BSF HS Dhillon.
There is a Bethany Society School for Children with Disabilities, Bansara Eyecare, the NCC office and the residents of the area.
The committee will oversee the one-year commemoration of Subhas Chandra Bose and will also send a letter to the Central Government regarding this great man.
Leshiphro Kashena of the National Innovation Foundation India said it is good to see that this method of farming is environmentally friendly.
Regarding the deadline for passing MTET, the Minister said in the House that it will be for 7 years and it is still thought that this deadline for passing MTET will continue. However, as the government announcement has not yet been issued, it is not yet possible to say.
It is not only about providing information but also a symbol of involvement with people in need, providing services to those who need these the most.
According to the complaint of the mother, on 13th June 2020, the poor mother wanted to go to Shillong for treatment with the NOC or permission from the Rangbah Shnong. treatment in Shillong.
In the first category, six candidates scored 547 marks including Drishana Roy Choudhury, Sa I Nanghunbha Kharlukhi of Christian Academy, Shillong, Dakerlang Easter Wanswett Marweiñ of Synod Higher Secondary School, Shillong. Nishan Talukdar of St.George Secondary School, Nongmensong, Emika S.Dkhar of Litter Star Secondary School, Lad, Riktean M.Marak of Aeroville Higher Secondary School, Tura, and Shelim Islam of Bhaitbari Higher Secondary School Shillong, Bhaitbari.
How can he speak on the position of the NDA government when it is clear that it has not spoken clearly on this issue?
There will also be special prizes for the youngest and oldest participants.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong today said that the door is still open for the HNLC to return to the peace talks.
The total number of cases in the state is 640, East Khasi Hills 436, Ri Bhoi 83, West Khasi Hills 3, South West Khasi Hills 1, West Jaintia Hills 16, West Garo Hills 2, North Garo Hills 6 and South West Garo Hill
I said, how can you publish an advertisement when you are preparing?
The people should be surprised that all the CEC members elected to the GC of the party are with me but Bah Adelbert Nongrum because he did not get the trust of his fellow members he went to congratulate the members who resigned. to become a member of his fanbase.
Various NGOs can also send their suggestions in writing to the party office in the districts or in the state.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: The Central Body of the Meghalaya People's Organization (WNW) under the leadership of Kong Betty Jyrwa, President of the Central Women's Wing and Bah Marshal Nonglait, President of the Central Men's Wing, have held a meeting.
Shillong, Nailur 28: On the occasion of World Tourism Day, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that tourism is very important especially for income generation and future development. to come and to develop the state.
The Seng is deeply saddened to see that in these days the ministers have been visiting the border because they see that Assam is more aggressive and more powerful.
The people are facing problems due to these lack of attention from the Land Registration Act 1908, Citizenship Act 1955, Border Security Force Act 1968, NHAI Act, MMDR Act. 1957, the FC Act Act 1980, as well as the problems especially in relation to the right to ownership of forests, waters, rivers, mineral resources and many other Acts and Rules issued by Parliament without thinking. how they affect the land tenure system in this Khasi country.
Shillong, August 19: 358 soldiers who have been specially trained at the Assam Regimental Center Shillong today completed their training. .
Police are investigating the incident.
The Union Minister in charge of Cooperation said there is no greater opportunity for the CSC to implement the mantra of 'Reduction in Governance, Increase in Government Services in delivering services to all without sap'.
However, the surprising thing is that the government has come to build without permission, said the Rangbah Shnong.
Regarding the conduct of another examination for those who have passed BSc Nursing and those who have passed GNM, it is not the same because the education is different but when they work they are the same.
Shillong, Nailur 27: The Meghalaya government has been struggling to curb the influx of foreigners into the state since the independence of the state in
This has greatly improved health in rural areas.
This is the fourth time that the BSF have seized a large quantity of kwai supari. On the same day, seized jain sari worth T.13 lakh from Muktpur in West Jaintia Hills District. The customs office was handed over to Dawki.
Shingly Nongkhlaw is survived by his brothers and sisters and four children, Nathaniel Ming Leong Lyngdoh, Roderick Pou Lyngdoh, Jeremy Lee Lyngdoh, Denzelle Lee Lyngdoh and Clark Yangsen Lyngdoh.
He said that the Meghalaya government should not only lodge a complaint but should arrest these Assam policemen and bring them to Meghalaya for punishment according to the law and the Meghalaya government has not appointed its own investigation team.
Speaking to SP News Agency, he said that if the government extends the current Assembly, they will demand an Administrator Rule within the GHADC. all in the opposition there were nine.
He completed his LLB from Shillong Law College.
The central theme of the tournament is 'Families' which is also the theme of the Shillong Archdiocese this year.
In this regard, the police have lodged four complaints against the Bhalang in the past few days.
Therefore, in accordance with the powers conferred on me under Section 144 Cr.
The cost of the new media outlet is T.22.5 crore for the five-year budget in the second plan.
Prestone said that even if these people test negative, they should stay at home for 14 days. There is a connection with those who go to Greenwood Resort in Assam.
Shillong, Lber 28: Answering a question by Bah Mayralborn Syiem, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that in Nongpoh Legislative Assembly Constituency, there are 40 villages which do not have Aganwadis. The Government has already requested the Central Government to set up 25 schools.
These are Global Health Services, Medulance and Chikitsa.
In the afternoon, the Holy Mass was conducted by Archbishop Rev Dominic Jala and all the priests from all the religious branches who attended the ceremony.
Therefore, this statement by the CEM of JHADC, T.Shiwat, is not only a shock to all the people but also a shock to all the current and future MDCs who have been elected by the people. Shillong, Lber 09: In the past few days, I have been able to think carefully and know my duties as leaders, otherwise the JHADC will be exactly like the CEM. The Hon'ble Meghalaya High Court on 16.2.2017 regarding the PIL No.9 of 2015 filed by Bah Tirot Sing Syiemlieh against the Public Notice issued by MUDA on
After the inspection, the officers said that these signs are not likely to affect the building or cause danger in the future, but these signs are from plaster. of parts to connect the three parts of this building.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The Infiltration Department today opened a new gate at Sukurbaria village under Mawroh Market in Ri Bhoi District under Patharkhamah Police Outpost.
However, when we look at the rympei, inside the Bri U Hynniewtrep, it is surprising and shocking to see that the traditional Khasi dress has begun to be forgotten, or ashamed to wear and without knowledge. and know how to put on a garment, and not to speak of putting on a garment.
Answering questions, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the terms of the ejahar can be obtained from the DCs and SPs. ejahar is a public service.
Today I have done this work by following this plan starting from Meghalaya and I have understood that there are many roads in this state which have not been developed yet,” said the Minister. Middle.
There were also some suggestions to improve the Co-WIN platform. These suggestions will also help to strengthen the implementation rules and IT platform and this will help the work. Covid-19 vaccine is not available.
They were arrested from Shillong while Markstar Parait was arrested from Liatyngkew.
On the other hand, the BSF said that during the curfew, the smuggling of smuggled cattle to Bangladesh has decreased but in these days the smuggling of cattle from Meghalaya to Bangladesh has resumed.
To mark the Azadi Day, Amrit Mahotsav, Doordarshan and All India Radio, Guwahati will also hold special programs to attract people.
The committee has received letters from the civil society and Rangbah Shnongs of the area, and from these letters it is clear that some accept and some oppose.
Shillong, June 13: Police in West Jaintia Hills District have found three Yamaha R15 bikes parked on the side of the road.
In particular, the MPHRC demands that the Government should uphold its legal commitment to protect Human Rights and to ensure a fair and independent trial for the respect of the freedom is not natural.
He said that until now most of the employees are from this state, but there are some jobs where the own people cannot employ foreigners. Please note that if there is anything wrong with it, please contact us and consider it carefully.
It is to be recalled that the MCWOS was established on 6th June 2017 and now it will celebrate its 10th anniversary.
At the same time, there is no meeting with the students of colleges in the state on this issue.
The Seng also requests the support of all the Village Authorities, from the Syiem of Sohra Hima, MLAs, MDCs and also from the indigenous people to stand together to protect our own land and shyiap and not to allow selfishness at all.
Shillong, Naiwieng 07: U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of State for Agriculture, Government of Meghalaya, today visited the market at 5Mile, Upper Shillong to find out for himself the problem. of the farmers and also the smooth running of the market.
The expenditure is from 2010 to
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the government is preparing to broadcast the celebration through TV, Facebook from the page of @DIPR and on TV channels in the state.
The MSSASA Sengkmie leaders also met with the Director of DERT, TG Momin to seek clarification on these errors but the Director of DERT said that “he has no information on this because the examinations were conducted by NIOS and the results, DERT is just a bridge that helps NIOS,” said Bah Rymbai.
After four days of continuous search, employees of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) and the SDRF on Tuesday found a body of The body of Bah Marshall Marweiñ who was buried alive in a garbage dump in Marten on Saturday last month.
On the other hand, Bah Khelor said that the MBCC has received the names of two candidates who have applied for ticket from the Congress party in Mawsynram and these include Bah HM Shangpliang and Bah HM Shangpliang. Bah Sylvestar Marwein.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Leader of the Opposition, Bah PN Syiem, said that they have not yet spoken but there is still time because the session will be held on the first and second days. they shall see the light.
The Assam police have been conducting raids from time to time and the Assam government has not always kept the agreement signed in 2010 between the two states. stirred up the border.
People had to face difficulties in getting water.
The JSU's protest came hours after the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma on Friday said that an investigation has been launched to resume the railway line to Khliehriat, East Jaintia Hills. District.
(Statement 19 of Financial Accounts 2022-23 Vol.
On the 17th it will be for Jirang Block and on the 23rd it will be held at Umsning Block. of the same month shall be held in Nongpoh.
Also present on the occasion were Bah George Pariat, former DI, Sr.
Deputy Speaker Timothy D Shira also addressed the meeting. Many NPP supporters came to take part in the public meeting held by the NPP. Shillong, Jymmang 03: U The Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya has informed that 120 companies of CrPF police will be deployed in Meghalaya to patrol the MLA elections to be held on 27th June
Referring to the roads along the rivers, the Finance Minister said that through the Jal Vikas Marg scheme under the National Waterway-1 which is currently being implemented from Dhubri to Sadiya, this will be completed by
He said that this is the first time that he has come to Shillong at the invitation of Archbishop Rev Dominic Jala SDB DD.
Tiwari also praised the customs and traditions of the state, saying that these old ways of working have made it easier for the government to introduce various schemes for the development of the state.
On this occasion, the MLA gave assistance to Som Bhadur Thapa who came 100th out of 20 candidates.
This was stated in a statement sent by Gardon Kharshandy President and Shaphar Rani Organizing Committee of the NPP Shillong North.
Also present were Bah John F Kharshiing, Working President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association, Bah PB War Nongbri, Assistant Director of the Department of Sports and Youth Affairs.
On behalf of the plaintiff, Mr. K Paul and Mr. S. Thapa appeared and Mr. Justice S Sen and Mr. A. Thungwa represented the Secretariat of the Governor.
She said that there should be no hesitation to take them to health centers to get health if they are treated in time.
He said that the KVIC not only provides training but also provides equipment for the work.
On behalf of the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Bala Rani Magistrate took part in the cleanliness drive.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: BSF troops at Dawki received a tip that a Swift Dezire bearing vehicle (ML-05-P-0459) was driving up and down the road.
John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MSPB, suggested that the State Planning Board together with the Water Resources Department can conduct awareness programs and at the same time to meet separately with the three. The Autonomous District Councils, Dorbar Shnongs, Dorbars Raid and Dorbars (Traditional Institutions), NGOs/Civil Societies, should discuss the draft Water Policy.
All the relevant authorities have been directed to implement the order of the Supreme Court of India without violating it, the Chief Secretary said in an order issued. today.
The state government has already prepared a plan for this big game in the state and it is estimated that the cost for this will reach T.1,505/- crore.
BSF troops have arrested a suspect who tried to enter Bangladesh through this truck. BSF have also arrested the driver of the truck. he had secretly smuggled a man into Bangladesh.
The Minister said that from time to time there are frequent talks with the Assam government to ensure that there will be no disturbance in the peace and order.
When inquired from the ration supplier, he said that he had exceeded the price set by the government in consultation with the village government.
The Prime Minister said that with this new implementation of the salaries of government employees, the government has to spend a maximum of T.929 crore.
The installation of the equipment inside the hospital is ongoing.
All remaining projects are expected to be completed by July 30,
He said that in the upcoming Meghalaya Games, there are other disciplines which have applied for inclusion in the Olympic Games but the MSOA has informed that all these will be assessed according to the availability of venues and other requirements.
At the same time, the spokesperson said that the party will not cooperate with anyone in the upcoming Lok Sabha elections.
Shillong, July 29: There are 28 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills and 19 cases in West Garo Hills. rise to 65 people.
Explaining to the land owners at a meeting held at Iew Dielang in the presence of Magistrates, Minister Kharlukhi said that the permit to start selling land in the market will be from tomorrow morning and only to those who have been named in the Hima Mylliem.
On the part of Kuldeep Saino IG BSF, he congratulated all the participants.
He is one of the most prominent journalists in this field and has contributed a lot to the society through the media which he has served for more than 14 years.
According to a letter signed by the Secretary to the Executive Committee of KHADC dated 27th June, 2021, the KHADC has announced to suspend all meetings due to the The letter was signed by Bah Ban Kharnaior, President and Joint Secretary of the Ribhoi District.
The visit to Saba, Mukroh and Barato is to encourage the people of the area to exercise their rights. to vote in the upcoming MLA elections.
On the other hand, the CEM said that their visit to the House is not to sell but to maintain.
KSU Laskein Circle appeals to all the people of the area to work together to prevent the mynder from smuggling in our country.
The players did well in lawn bowls and athletics.
“Regarding the appointment of teachers, we want the Government to walk in a clean and transparent manner,” he said.
In this meeting, the Chief Minister said that he will announce up to 10 new blocks and Narpuh is one of them and they will look into it. that the area is still lagging behind even after 50 years of independence.
If the authorities ban the movement of trucks, they should inform in advance but not just do this,” said the truck drivers.
In this meeting with the Union Minister of State for Child Development, the Chief Minister explained to Rijiju how the ban on coal mining in Meghalaya can be lifted by implementing Para 12(A), ( B) of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
The proceeds of this competition will be used for the construction of school buildings.
Furthermore, Bah PL Majaw President of JYF Sengkmie said that for the benefit and development of Meghalaya through this road in the North East of India which has a lot of tourists every day. We strongly condemn the silence of the government regarding the NH 44 road which has been neglected without improvement by the government. .
The Head of the Holy Family said that this praise by the Prime Minister has touched all the sisters in the Holy Family with great joy. This was stated in a letter sent to the Prime Minister of India.
Khrawbok Marweiñ won the gold medal in the WAKO India Senior National Kickboxing 2016 held from 3rd to 7th July 2016 at Swarna Bharathi Indoor Stadium, Visakhapatnam. Albanrilang Pearson Mylliem Umlong won the silver medal in the K-1 Rules under 51 kg.
It was also seen in the video that the Assam Police have come to talk to the Meghalaya Police and urged them not to allow the Khasi Pnars to turn to the Karbi residence. The Meghalaya Police have also asked the Assam Police to prevent the Karbi from turning to the villages where the Khasi Pnars live.
The Minister on this occasion expressed his special gratitude to those working in the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and all those who have taken part in the fight against COVID-19 in the past two years. this disease in this state.
We keep prayers for you and your family at this sad time.
If the District Council through the Enforcement Department does not remove them, COMSO will remove them. If the Labor Department of the State Government does not search those who do not have work permits, COMSO will search them. To check the entry of foreigners, they will send members of the party to check those who enter the state.
Shillong, Nailur 22: It is the duty of the political leaders to protect the nation and the state by implementing the Inner Line Permit.
Mawryngkneng, July 13: The KSU Mawryngkneng Circle in collaboration with the Soil & Conservation Department of the State Government has held an awareness program with the planting of trees.
Hundreds of residents of the village attended the meeting to listen to the speech of the Prime Minister.
Banpyntngenlang Syiemlieh said that these foreigners came in three private vehicles number AS21 M-1397, AS01BA-7400 and AS02 V-7 No Labor License, EPIC Card or any other proof documents were required except for one or two Aadhaar Cards.
According to the National Disaster Management Authority Act 2005, the National Executive Committee (NEC) has been authorized to take all necessary measures to prevent the spread of the disease. the COVID-19 pandemic.
On the other hand, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh also congratulated the Sordar of Mawkria Village and all the Members of the Executive Committee of Mawkria Village. He said that the spirit of cooperation is more important and urged the people to take care and preserve these treasures because the benefits belong to them.
On the occasion, the Secretary to Tourism, Arvind Singh said that the development has been well monitored for the travel, tourism and hospitality industries for some time now. however, it is now even more essential due to the pandemic.
When asked through RTI how the KHADC has selected these agents to collect labor licence, whether through biding tender or otherwise, the answer is no. The current Executive Committee has elected these individuals by proposing to assist the council.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: Former Mawlai MLA Stanlington D Khongwir passed away at NEIGRIHMS after a long illness. to political loss.
Police alleged that the new rebel group was the work of the ANVC(B).
The union also said that this is not the first time that the MTET examination has been held for the first time and the union has urged the Minister to ensure that it should run smoothly so that there will be no doubts. I don't know if you're going to take this exam.
“The message is in the book chapters and it is also a matter mentioned in the MoU," he said.
All those who worked in their ranks were treated equally.
Shillong, Jymmang 4: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has not only issued new trading licenses to non-tribals since the establishment of the PDF, but the Labor Department has also been working slowly.
In her speech, Sweetimon Rynjah, one of the prominent writers, said that the superstition among the people of this part of the North East of India has become ingrained in the people to overcome this belief. it is very difficult, but the events cause great anxiety.
“In an interview with the Deputy CEM, he said that the land registration fees have been reduced separately, but regarding the demand for the release of those living on the border, the Dy.CEM said that He will submit it to the Executive Committee for discussion.
The important thing is that people who are suffering from this disease should not hide but should come forward to take the treatment available in this era.
The Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District, Arpit Upadhyaya on Tuesday issued an order directing all the Chief Officers of various departments in Ri-Bhoi District to be vigilant due to the situation in Ri-Bhoi District. East Khasi Hills, which may affect neighboring districts.
Shillong, July 10: A two-year-old girl who was abducted from the grounds of Silchar University on the 4th of this month has been released by the East Jaintia Hills Police today from Khliehriat, said the Superintendent of Police. Spill Thmar's policeman.
The 44th edition of the FIDE Chess Olympiad will be held in Chennai from 28th May to 10th July,
The budget session of the KHADC will be for four days and the budget will be for one year although the session of the KHADC has been extended for another six months starting today. The six-month extension of the KHADC and JHADC will expire in April, but the Cabinet may take a decision to hold elections before the end of this 6 months or may be extended for another 6 months.
The department inspects the shops from time to time to ensure that there is no shortage of pork and the public can also complain if there is any shortage of pork. suspicion of theft in the measurement system.
Police said that in the last 72 hours, they have seized up to 9,000 liters of pyrsi and 2,000 liters of pahreng.
Myntri Rangbah Duh urged the police chiefs to think again and to show the spirit of these new laws to the community.
This is a new issue within the KHADC and this will be the first time for the KHADC to implement it in collaboration with the Hima Mylliem.
The meeting between the two Chief Ministers has been held several times until this time to discuss before the Ministry of Home Affairs.
The Federation has taken this step due to the government's failure to implement the employment scheme for people with disabilities in Meghalaya.
The ceremony was also attended by the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Ainam Manik Syiem.
Speaking to media after winning the MLA election, Balajied said he will fight to complete the work started by his father Dr Donkupar Rou. He also congratulated the two political parties, the NPP and the HSPDP, who have come to support him in this election especially the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
How can they not hear the deterioration of these roads or turn these roads into their issue during the elections?
For those students who have already applied online, they can print their admit card at any Common Service Center within the District or from the office of the Principal of the school.
Replying to a question regarding the dewbilat factories in Jaintia Hills, the CEM said that the District Council has nothing to do with them. Thombor Shiwat, CEM. Nongstoin, Naitung, said that the reason for the issuance of NOC was wrong. In fact, there should have been a rule that they had to pay the Council. 25: The HSPDP MLA from Mawshynrut, Bah Witting Mawsor, said, “For me, I am happy with the decision of the UDP-HSPDP to contest in the constituency. what I'm looking forward to".
Speaking to media, the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said that the Mawlai Town Dorbar (MTD) will be the first group in the state to receive financial support from the Government. for the rehabilitation of young people who are addicted to drugs.
The curfew will start at 5 pm on the 27th and end at 5 pm on the 28th.
At present, although the world knows that the government is the most rainy area in the world, this area is in the midst of a severe water shortage.
Heads of Government of DoNER and NEC were also present on the occasion.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the political party, the Chief Minister said that during the meeting, he explained what happened in Mukroh and what the government has done about it. .
In this case, there is no injury on both sides.
The other two persons who are still admitted to the Civil Hospital Shillong have recovered. The injured will be sent to their respective villages. The cause of the incident is still unknown.
It is expected that this decision will open the door for skilled applicants who have been waiting to get jobs in the department.
Two new cases have been reported today, one from East Khasi Hills District and one from Ri Bhoi District, bringing the total number of recoveries to
In a statement, the President of the Association, Samla Edmund Khongngai, urged the associations not to be afraid just because the government has opened this trade route at Tamabil Dawki.
The government believes that if this continues it could reach thousands of crores of rupees and this will put pressure on MePDCL and the state government. agreed that the state government has to pay T.565/- crore.
According to the census, 547 jobs have been received in the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 83 in the Society Department, 133 in the Directorate of Statistics, 33 in Horticulture and 35 in Agriculture. Soil and Water Conservation 226 pieces.
Police of the Bomb Detection and Disposal Squad (BDDS) on Tuesday seized an unexploded bomb from a place in Mawlynrei, Shillong.
Shillong, July 12: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District in collaboration with the banks has informed the residents of East Khasi Hills District to renew their mobile numbers at the Aadhaar Centre. Don't have DC office or Block Office.
The Cabinet also discussed in more detail the article on the speech of the Governor which he will deliver on the opening day of the Budget Session today.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek today inaugurated the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) in Nongkrem Constituency. Basaiawmoit was also present.
On the work of his MP scheme, the former State President of the NPP said that he has started receiving the MP scheme for the year 2022-2023 as there has been no scheme given to him. you are not affected by the Covid-19 pandemic.
He spoke on the need to bring in North East Development Fellows through the Dr. Kalam Center at IIM Shillong which will help in providing good governance in the region.
Those states that have chosen the first option have been allowed to borrow an additional 0.50% of their Gross State Domestic Product (GSDP).
According to the 2011 census, Mawryngkneng Block has 64 villages and a population of 67,291 inhabitants. It includes three constituencies, Mawryngkneng, parts of Mawkynrew and Nongkrem.
The donation of the synjuk was welcomed by Ibla Rani who looks after and cares for these children.
In his speech, Commissioner Secretary Sampat Kumar congratulated the Civil Hospital for its good work in the treatment of COVID-19 positive patients.
He said that the collapse of the Dome of the Legislative Assembly which is still under construction is a serious obstacle in the construction of the Dome and this is a crime if it collapses in the morning. I don't know why I lost my life.
The rally was successful and the government agreed to keep the name as it is, but the government decided to change the name. Md. Hamid Ansari is scheduled to open on the 25th of this month.
It will affect the price increase.
Therefore, all the doubts, anxieties, anxieties and speculations without accurate information, which have been spread through the media, will end immediately.
Bah Pala was accompanied by senior party leaders including the Mahila Congress.
Applications should be submitted to the Deputy Director General (P), All India Radio, Shillong along with the necessary documents by the 27th of this month.
To mark the 40th Anniversary of the KSU, the KSU will hold various programs starting from 20th October 2018 and ending on 20th October
He said that once they have finished writing the examination, the students can come home without the need for quarantine or testing of the students or their relatives who have gone to accompany them. You can take the examination at USTM Ribhoi District.
The body of the girl has been sent for post-mortem.
After the post mortem, the body was handed over to the relatives on Tuesday for the last rites.
Police have registered a case against the disappearance of these shallams and after a thorough investigation, they have arrested Bah Wadlang Kharhujon who works as a chowkidar at the DMR office. it is he who has received these shallam.
Shillong, Iaiong 28: To speed up the testing of foreigners at Umling Gate in Ri Bhoi District, the government has set up another RTPCR testing center to speed up the queuing process. in this place.
Shillong, Nailur 24: The Cabinet today held a meeting to free the state from the smuggling of soybeans and to assist the farmers who grow soybeans in such a way that they do not throw away their soybeans. It was decided that the government should recognize the production of wine from soh and market it.
On the other hand, the village requests all the foreigners who come in need for the village works and also the district government authorities, to come and meet or inform these new office bearers of the village from this year. day.
The Union also expressed its appreciation to the leadership of JHADC for appointing members to the Committee (Pnar Alphabet) from different areas such as War Jaintia, Shangpung, Jwai and other places. and we request this Committee to proceed in this regard.
He said that the Congress party which is leading the present government has not implemented even 10% of the law.
Shillong, July 05: The Governor of Meghalaya today honored Wansuk Myrthong as the first woman to climb Mount Mangkashang.
As we celebrate the 5th anniversary of the Stand Up India scheme, let us now look at the status and achievements of this scheme.
In our research we have found that most of the time there is a problem on the internet and most of the time there is no problem.
In his speech as the head of the party, he said that the party's main goal is to demand from the government that before 2023, the government should open the South East Khasi Hills District. to cover the three constituencies of Pynursla, Sohra and Shella.
Regarding the efforts to gain the trust of the people, Kong Lyngwa said, “Our duty is to be vigilant and any information we receive we fulfill immediately to gain the trust of the people.
For the first time in the history of the Meghalaya Cricket Association, Kishan Lyngdoh has scored 268 runs alone in the Ranji Trophy against Arunachal Pradesh. long in Gujarat on 5th July
For the post of Honorary Secretary, G Susheel, Ishwar Rohal, Kumar Tripurari Singh, Meghasham Shripad Bhangle, Moirangthem R Singh and R Ravikrishnan have been elected unopposed.
There are 36 recoveries today, 14 from East Khasi Hills and 8 from Ri Bhoi District. there are 82078 people.
Recently, when the Food and Beverage Department of the State Government invited applications for the vacancies within the Department, the Government has stipulated that those who apply must use a computer. also in other departments of the State Government.
They also as a voluntary organization in the area have received many complaints against this doctor in relation to his actions but they know that the FKJGP has gone ahead with the work but they have not given. pat the cooperation.
He said that the university has spent more than T.100 crore to build these schools and this is the first phase. a third will continue to expand their institutions.
Cleanliness is very important and sacred.
It is the first time that the women from NE have done well in this tournament.
The Working President, UDP was informed that the KHADC authorities have passed three BILLS in 2006, 2016 and 2018 to establish the Council of Rulers from Village, Raid to Hima.
When it comes to the rule of law, when the mothers started to learn, they started to take part in the social life. mothers, women's organizations who participate together with the Dorbar Shnongs to discuss issues related to the community.
Shillong, June 05: Balastar Rynjah of Laitkyrhong 'B' (Hima Khyrim) and Balastar Rynjah of Hima Khyrim have won the 31st Rongbiria Shooting Tournament. The tournament was held at the 2Ground, Polo, Shillong on Tuesday, 4th June
At this public meeting, the KSU, JSM, STIEH, HNYF, RJYF, HANM, FKJGP and MPLU expressed their opposition to the company's request to take more land. this the company’s plan to take more space.
The training was conducted under the BioNEST Incubator for Skill Development.
He said that the investment in the construction of court buildings is on a ratio of 60:40%.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: The 14th Finance Commission (KHADC) on Tuesday met with the three District Councils in the state. 14th Finance Committee.
MR was told that the testing rate has increased significantly in the country, from 50 lakh tests per week conducted in the first week of October to 1.3 crore tests per week now.
The three trade posts which have not yet been implemented have been included on the map of the Custom Department which has been marked with blue marks to show that they have not yet been implemented.
The meeting was attended by Sam Shylla, General Secretary KSU Mawprem Circle.
Shillong, July 06: The State Rural Employment Society (SRES) is the body in charge of the implementation of the MGNREGA, PMAY-G, RGSA and CFP schemes of the Rural Development Department. T.391 crore has been released for the payment of equipment for the MGNREGA project. This amount has been released for the remaining fiscal year 2021-2 They have not been able to release this money in the past for many reasons as they have to transfer from many accounts to one account known as the State Nodal Account (SNA).
During the training, accommodation for both men and women and meals are not required to be paid. More information can be obtained from the office of the State Bank of India-Rural Self-Employment Training Institute, Umran ( SBI-RSETI, Umran) or phone your mobile number at room.8119900596 /
The role and impact of social media works well in developed countries as well as in educated people. and intellectual people).
Shillong, November 02: The BSF today held a meeting to welcome the GNLA member David Ch Marak who came to surrender before the BSF on the 1st of this month. Garo Hills.
The residents of this area when they pass through this area complained that even the officials in charge of this area don't have time to look after or think about the health of the people even though It is only outside the office of the DC-EJH. The party which looks after the welfare of the area as a whole cannot tolerate these incidents which will be a threat to the health of the brothers and sisters. doh para snam, demands in writing from the DC to relocate this garbage dump to another place far away from the villages to avoid the spread of diseases so that it cannot be transformed. Niwasly Rymbai President of JYF-EJH (SP News) said that the district is clean and tidy.
She said there is a need to conduct more training on women's rights.
At this meeting it was decided to hold the race and those who wish to take part can contact the District Sport Officer of WKH District.
Therefore, until the state of Rilum was achieved, it was a group of Khasi elders who were brave enough to stand up for the rights of the central government and who were brave enough to appear in the public square to demand their rights without bloodshed.
All the groups are against it and I saw that recently the Chief Minister and the Cabinet also met with the Prime Minister of India and expressed that the State Government is also against the word 'Unrepresented Tribe' I have also seen that there has been a demand to increase the seats in the three Autonomous District Councils (ADCs).
At the same time, to provide information on the implementation of various schemes implemented by the Central Government Departments and to see how the Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra IEC Vans provide information on the implementation of various schemes in state of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Naitung 27: The CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today convened a meeting of the Executive Committee on Roads in West Khasi Hills. It has decided to issue NOC only for the road from Nongstoin to Wahkaji and others which do not fall under this area.
FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle has ordered all these foreigners to leave these areas immediately until they can provide them with proper documents. All requirements from the Khasi Autonomous District Council and the Labor Department of the State Government.
Police have registered a case and after the hearing, the court has sentenced the perpetrator to 14 years imprisonment.
Shillong, June 19: The Central Executive Council of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has sworn in the office bearers of the KSU Mawprem Unit.
Shillong, Lber 22: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today presented the budget for the year 2013-2 amounted to T 520 crore.
Speaking as the chief guest, Rakkam Sangma expressed his gratitude to God for giving him the opportunity to be together on this day. On the occasion of International Women's Day, he said that he would like to congratulate all the women who have been a blessing in this world. .
Shillong, Lber 29: The District Medical Officer of West Garo Hills District today wrote to the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills District to declare the Don Bosco Higher Secondary School and the hostel at Wadanang Tura as containment. Zone.
This road connects the villages bordering Bangladesh, as the party and the MDC of this area are concerned that Bangladeshis may enter the state through this road. The reason for the demand is that the Lad-Lakadong Dacoity Camp should be implemented.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: After the Government of Meghalaya has sent information to the people of Meghalaya living abroad how many people want to return to their country and the state, the Government of Meghalaya has It is estimated that 27 people have been notified to return home.
Speaking to the Phulbari MLA, he said that according to the rules of the Election Commission, the winner of the party ticket will be the MLA of the party until the end of the election. If you want to leave, you have to leave the party or you have to step down like others.
UDP candidate Hispreaching Son Shylla won the 8-Nongkrem MDC constituency with 6097 votes, defeating HSPDP candidate Hubert Ford Riang with 4198 votes. Nongrum INC got 4122 votes, BJP got 200 votes and Edarstar Lyngdoh got 455 votes.
On this occasion, gifts were also distributed to the researchers including Juster Lyngdoh, D Rapthap, M Thangkhiew and A Momin from the MSW department. The youths who helped them from this village as well as those who attended this day including the Rangbah Shnong.
: Inspector Aniosca Basaïawmoit, Senior Instructor at the Central Training Institute, Mawdiangdiang, has been awarded the Medal for Meritorious Service (MSM) on the occasion of the 75th Anniversary of the Republic Day. in India.
Shillong, July 15: The Post Office of Meghalaya has conducted a Community Development Program (DCDP) to explain to the public the various schemes available at the post offices in Umiam village. They came to take part from the people of the nine villages around it.
Meghalaya won the silver medal followed by Manipur in the bronze medal.
Speaking to reporters at Congress Bhavan, he said the government has worked hard to prepare for the launch of this scheme in the state.
Shillong, November 07: The District Administration of East Khasi Hills District today evening took the members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) to Mawngap after they refused to listen to the order. that they should end their fast at four o'clock in the evening.
He said the people should understand how much some leaders come to mislead the people in the name of 'jaidbynriew'
Shillong, Nailar 22: U Bah Embhah Syiemlieh MLA of Mawlai Constituency today launched a book written by Bah K. Neldarson Sohkhlet, entitled “The Crime in Warmawsaw”.
The training was conducted by the NSS of MLCU in collaboration with the students of the university, to understand how to protect the tourist attractions and at the same time to become an income generating opportunity. improve the income of the present and future generations.
At the same time, Ms Ebina Nongkhlaw added that in 2018, the union has issued a wage card for the domestic workers to show that their income from the job they do and also At the same time, the union has not received any information from the government.
On the same day, the team visited NanChilika, which is the largest reservoir in Asia and received an explanation on the condition of this reservoir.
When this was implemented, it was ensured that private vehicles no longer need to pick up or pick up children from schools.
Police have registered a complaint with the Sardar Police Station and seized three extortion notes in the name of the Hynniewtrep People Defense Alliance (HPDA). .
Others who attended the function were Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma, MP Rajya Sabha, Dr WR Kharlukhi, Cabinet Ministers, MDCs, Chief Secretary RV Suchiang and others. government and state elites.
The deadline for candidates to withdraw from the election will be on the 12th of this month by submitting a written request to the ROs according to their constituency.
During the meeting, the CMD promised that the salary of the coming months will be deteriorated in the first month of each month. protest today.
Many of the residents are still thinking that this shortage of water is due to the construction of water pipes. They expect the PHE to look into this problem.
In a letter sent to the Chief Minister and the Minister of Agriculture along with a notice to the Principal Secretary of the Ministry of Agriculture, the Union demanded that the Ministry of Agriculture should The notification has been issued immediately with special allocation of funds to assist the farmers as the farmers are facing many difficulties due to the impact of covid-1
