"The information campaign started yesterday will continue for the next 15 days (19th July to 3rd September) in all health centers and also in 343 districts in 17 districts. states are not affected by this disease.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: Members of the Meghalaya Steering Committee, Minor Minerals, who have been appointed to fight against the ban on foreign mining by the order of the Meghalaya High Court issued on November 24, He will meet with the leading lawyers of the Supreme Court in Delhi today, 29th and 30th November,
The Working Chairman of the Tei la Ri Ri Group said that the group has decided to hand over the house on the 31st of this month. of joy to see the bright face before entering another year.
Bah Pyniaid promised that all the suggestions from the people will be taken into consideration as he, as the CEM and Dy.CEM are members of the Boundary Reconciliation Committee appointed by the Government headed by The Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong has been appointed as the Chairman.
In the match between Umlyngka SC and RHIH FC (Lumpdeng), Umlyngka SC won 1-0
Speech was also delivered by the General Secretary of Mawprem Circle who expressed his gratitude for the opportunity to attend such a special day for the young children for the bright future of the Mawprem Circle. It is through the hard work of these young leaders that we will bring back the proud brains who will be able to run and lead the state as a whole.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The State Government has allocated T.5,50,00,000 crore for the implementation of the Chief Minister Youth Development Scheme for the year 2023-2
Shillong, Jymmang, 27: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today decided to donate T.50,000/- to the families of those who have died of coronavirus. m COVID-19 and this will only be for those who died after 01st June
At the same time, the CEM said that the Boundary Committee of KHADC has sent its report and soon the KHADC will sit down to discuss and take the necessary decisions.
The Bill was approved by the Governor of the State through a letter from the DCA Department – ​​No.DCA.54/2006/22 dated 11th March legislative competence under the provisions of the Sixth Schedule to the      Constitution to enact such a Bill and to convey that the Governor has  rejected the Bill “.
After the UDP and HSPDP withdrew from their cooperation with the PDF in the KHADC on the 19th, Bah Donkupar Sumer MDC of the UDP on the 20th on the opening day of the Budget Session inside the KHADC he sat in the opposition.
The name called sien happened to be the name of a child from the same class and this has caused a misunderstanding about the method of bringing the child.
Besides the cleanliness programme, a Poshan and Swachhata ceremony was also held.
Certificates were also distributed to the beneficiaries of PM SVANidhi.
Shillong, March 29: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District under the leadership of Shemphang Nonglang, Vice President of the KSU South West Khasi Hills District and Jiedskhem Nongsiej, General Secretary of the KSU South West Khasi Hills District, Shillong, together with members from various circles of On the 28th of March, they went to Domiasiat to lay flowers at the grave of Meiieid Spility Lyngdoh Langrin.
More than 100,000 people from all over the Khasi Jaintia Hills District have attended the annual festival at Madan Weiking organized by the Seng Khasi Kmie Mawkhar. .
Shillong, November 08: Police in West Garo Hills have received a complaint that on 19th and 20th November 2016 a 20-year-old girl was raped by robbers at Boldamgre village.
The HYC leaders said that while the government is blocking the interstate, the HYC will not allow foreigners to enter the village.
Governor Paul stated that while people in other regions of the country agitate to demand railway line, Meghalaya witnessed agitations opposing railway line.
The purpose of the holiday is to enable the people to go to the villages where they have their votes to vote, especially those who work and live outside the constituency. .
According to sources, the puja in different parts of the state has been going smoothly and peacefully since the beginning until this day.
T7 TV channel Marcus Lyngdoh sustained injuries to his hands and UNN cameraman Riba Kharpran was shot dead by the robbers. intended to confiscate her camera, which they did not retrieve.
Shillong, November 14: The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Bah M Kharkrang today issued a public notice that due to the physical activity of youths in the area, The 10 km Efficiency Test (PET) has been arranged by the MPSC for the students who are taking the MPS examination. Wing Home Guard to Tynring village which is about 5 km away, the curfew will be from the 17th to the 21st.
At this meeting, the DC said that all those who have reached the age of 18 years should have the right to vote.
Shillong, Nailar 11: The Chief Judicial Magistrate, Tura today allowed the police to investigate for six days Bernard N Marak over the seizure of explosives from Edenbari Resort at and they went to spy out the place.
In terms of Ayurveda, 36,683 patients have visited the OPD clinics of NEIAH and 482 patients have been admitted to the IPD department of the hospital.
The following are the shortages of roads. The number of roads in Meghalaya is only 401 km/1000 square km while this is 952.8 in the country as a whole.
Shillong, Naiwieng 03: The Khasi Students Union (KYF), the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (JYF) and the Jaintia Awakening Movement (JYF) Central Body have expressed their deep sorrow over the situation and violence. The CEM of JHADC and the Dolloi have been involved in tensions in Jaintia Hills District.
The organization also suggested the establishment of a Women Helpline (WHL), which will operate 24 hours a day to assist women and children who face any problems and violence in their lives.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the government has not yet taken any decision on how to deal with the strike.
Four persons were seriously injured when a pyrthat collapsed on a house in Umsohlait village, Ribhoi District on Tuesday while heavy rain was still falling at about 2 pm. afternoon.
However, we must claim as Hynniewtrep land since ancient times.
All these children have completed all the tests at the SAI in Pune. These children are between the ages of 11 and 14 years old and only 16 years old have been allowed to take part. in the World Championships.
On the other hand, the DCPU said that if no one goes to work for the child soon, the office will accept that the child can be released. You can call 0364-250 2310 or mobile number
To facilitate the work for the players to receive the benefits, the list of certificate authorities has been updated to verify the eligibility of the players.
Three persons in Ri Bhoi District have tested positive for covid-19, one without influenza like illness, one from outside the state and one from outside the state.
During the investigation, we have also inquired from the officers of the Finance Department of the government,” said Bah Kasperline.
The Leader of Women's Organizations (LSK) has expressed its appreciation to the Government for the appointment of Idashisha Nongrang, IPS as the first woman to the post of Director General of Police (DGP) of the State.
In the General Election to the Lok Sabha, Narendra Modi was elected Prime Minister of India in 2014, 2019 and now. in the year
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: The Union Minister of State for Minorities, John Bala, on his visit to Shillong, today met with the Archbishop of Shillong, Rev. Victor Lyngdoh DD in the presence of Father Richard Majaw, BJP office bearers accompanied by Bah Ernest Mawrie State President.
This shortage of shallans has not only put the people in trouble but has also affected the income of the government as the money that the people should have paid to the government on time as taxes has taken time. Because of the lack of shallan, this affects the youth.
Passah said that the order issued by the Ministry of Labor should look into the implementation of the work and said that there are government departments which do not follow this order. order their to department.
To express its opposition to the CAB, the party has decided to hold protests in these days without informing the public.
The Government is only talking about the 14 lakh metric tonnes of coal and No.3232 and therefore the remaining 18 lakh metric tonnes of coal should be mined thoroughly.
Shillong, Naitung 29: The Saiñdur Tipkur-tipkha (STIEH) today renewed its office bearers and Purity Phawa has been elected as the new President.
Such meetings are now allowed to be held in accordance with the SOPs of the States and UTs. While cinema halls are allowed to open with only half the capacity of these places.
Therefore, I urge you all and I am confident that the people of the country can do this.
Speaking to reporters, the Chairman of the Committee, Bindo M Lanong, said that the Inner Line Permit established under the Bengal Frontier Regulation Act, 1873 cannot be implemented in Garo Hills. The group will meet again on 15th November 2012 to discuss and get the opinion of legal experts on whether the ILP can be implemented in Garo Hills.
In the 2023 MLA elections, Garo Hills has won the only MLA from the Congress party. The party has nominated him as the MP candidate from the 2-Tura Parliamentary (ST) Constituency. In this election, he defeated Agatha K Sangma.
The AuditOnline Application has been developed for the online viewing of the accounts of Panchayats.
KHNAM strongly condemns the failure of the Police Department, because according to information received, those who caused the trouble were not prepared with knives, rods and lathiwat before the start of the campaign of the president of KHNAM. On the other hand, the President of KHNAM said that the allegation against the KSU youth is untrue and unfounded. The Khasi youth are treated like angels and children of the government.
Speaking to reporters, KAS President Dr. DRL Nonglait said, “It doesn't make sense to announce through the media here but we have decided to hold a public meeting at Jantar Mantar, New Delhi on the 30th of this month.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: U Pyndap Saibon, who claims to be the president of the KHNAM party, on Tuesday alleged that Adelbert Nongrum MLA has misled the Election Commission of India (ECI) and He said that the new KHNAM group has just been formed.
Dr Jemino Mawthoh General Secretary of the UDP party who was also present, on his part, congratulated the people who won the party's candidate in the mid-term elections and all the workers. of the party who have worked hard to achieve this glorious victory.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, today appointed Additional Chief Secretary Y Tsering from among the longest serving IAS officers. you are the owner of KS Kropha.
Tragic incidents between the army and the civilians have decreased by 96 percent.
The MLA has written a letter to the Meghalaya government on 16/10/2017 to seek permission but the Meghalaya government has not yet given permission.
Myntri Rangbah Duh also planted a tree trunk on this occasion.
The Chief Minister said that the curfew in East Khasi Hills will continue as this is the district with the highest number of tests positive for COVID-19, but other districts in the state have been given the authority to the Deputies. The Commissioner did not accept the decision.
Shillong, July 13: The General Executive Council of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) today decided to demand from the government to implement a comprehensive mechanism to You will be able to visit the mynder ri in
In a statement sent by the District Sports Officer, East Khasi Hills, Bah O Mawthoh, the Inter Football Tournament 2024 will be held in three categories: Sub-Junior Under-15 years, Junior-Under. - 17 years including both men and women.
Police from Shella and Tyllad have rushed to the scene to search for the suspects who have thrown stones at the trucks. in this place.
Rohit Kumar Singh, Joint Secretary, Road Construction Department, explained in detail the areas where funds can be allocated if it is in the field of roads, while Alok Srivastava, Additional Secretary, Road Construction Department, explained in detail. In this regard, it will not only be in the construction of ports but will also provide employment opportunities.
At the same time, the Shnong would like to thank Sahep J.Lyngwa AEE Distribution Division MeECL for his listening and attention to the request of the Shnong. The statement was concluded by the Secretary of the village council.
From time to time, the people have faced difficulties and sorrows due to the lack of blood bank, many precious souls have been lost especially those who come from the rural areas.
Speeches were also delivered by the officers of the Corporation Doctor, Veterinary Department, DC Office West Khasi Hills District and General Secretary of the HFU, Bah Allfondbirth Kharsyntiew. The meeting was conducted by the President of the HFU Commander Shangpliang.
““In addition, we have opened Counseling Cells to assist drug addicts by inviting their relatives.
At present, the BJP is deeply concerned about the influx of people from Bangladesh into the state and if the BJP comes to power it will introduce strong laws to prevent this illegal entry of Bangladeshis because it is a threat to this state and the entire region.
This increase in bill light has surprised and angered the Seng and the people of the area because in fact the Meecl department does not care about the people especially during this time of lockdown when they themselves cannot earn a living.
The SP of West Garo Hills, Mukesh Singh, said that the four persons were arrested during a raid after receiving a tip from the police. fight.
Government departments from the Ministry of Home Affairs, PWD, PHE, Transport, Urban Affairs, Agriculture, Power, Water Resources, Soil and Fisheries have attended the meeting. in addition to others.
Speaking at a short meeting before the registration ceremony at Khyndailad, Bah Benister Kharpor, one of the disabled persons, asked why the curfew is in place. same.
It is because of this that the transportation industry in this country has not been efficient.
Police have received a tip that there are militants in the village.
Shillong, November 09: U Bah Stodar Dkhar, President of the Meghalaya Mineral Exporters Chambers (MMECC) passed away on Saturday at his residence in Pohkseh Parmaw East. The Presbyterian Church in Nongrah.
The HSPDP will contest the election only from Khasi Jaintia Hills which has 36 constituencies. It is understood that it will not contest in all these constituencies.
Meghalaya is the richest state in terms of natural resources and environment.
The three cases were identified as Ravi Rai, 23, of Elam, Meghalaya, Rajesh Rai, 26, of Dharan Sunari, both from Nepal. Nazar Kyndait, 33, is from Dkiah village.
Speaking to SP News Agency, he said that those who work in government jobs whether they are contract employees, Adhoc or in any other way if their income exceeds 50,000 tyngka. It has been made clear that those who receive NFSA cards should receive 5 kilos of rice per capita. This is the decision of the State Government according to the Act. The Central Government has increased the price of 30 kilos per person at the price of 3 tyngka per kilo, while the price of AAY rice is 35 kilos per card. ten kilograms.
As parents, I would like to extend my blessings to this school for its progress in all aspects.
At present, it is necessary to strengthen trade with Bangladesh by building a road that can carry seven vehicles, to improve the trade routes on the border with Meghalaya. to promote trade.
“Referring to the construction of the Land Reclamation Project at the Waste Processing and Disposal Site at Marten, Sangma said, “All the waste will be reused.
The KSU on this sad day expresses its deepest loss to one of the strongest rishot of the rights of the Jaidbynriew.
Aporlet Shabong Publicity Secretary of the party said that at the end of the day, 1028 dancers, 481 women and 547 men have participated.
He urged the public not to listen to rumors which spread false news, what has been spread on social media is wrong and unfounded.
Furthermore, the DDMA has directed the public to be vigilant and avoid the 'leilieh' when outside their homes and to avoid injuries.
According to information received through RTI from the State Environment Impact Assessment Authority (SEIAA) in letter No. SEIAA/GEN/-9/2013/11 dated 8 July Environmental Clearance has not been issued in Amlarem.
In his speech, Bah FR Kharkongor, CEO of the state, said that the Election Department has ensured that they should not lose their right to vote and for this purpose the Election Department has done a lot. they did not come to comfort them.
Before leaving for Mawlai, the Chief Minister visited the Laitumkhrah Court.
He also requested the CoMSO to temporarily suspend the protests as the government has approved the demands.
“To maintain peace and order and to prevent any disturbance on the polling day, it is prohibited to hold processions and shout slogans inside the polling station until the polling station has been counted and announced. result,” said the District Magistrate.
Department of Music, St.Anthony’s College.
During the meeting, the President of the Hospital, Bah Roykupar Synrem, said that the Seng has been able to thank the Director of the Hospital especially in relation to the recruitment of Nursing Officer through Speaking to reporters, Bah Synrem said that the union has been able to thank the Director in relation to some of the demands of the union especially in terms of and Nursing appointment.
Ribhoi, Lber 26 : The KSU RIST USTM Unit on 25th October 2024 has organized the 1st University Sports Meet 2024 in which three Khasi students KSU North Eastern Hills University Unit, KSU Mahatma Gandhi University and KSU RIST-USTM Unit have joined hands in this tournament.
Therefore, we have to submit a Detailed Plan of Action on how to implement the Solid Waste Management Program of the Council within this month.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The Meghalaya People's Labor Union (MLPU) Jaintia Hills District Committee (MLPU) has strongly condemned the NPP-led MDA government's actions against the coal trucks. Assam has been in the state at a time when the whole world is fighting against the COVID-19 pandemic.
The award ceremony was funded by the Chief Minister's Special Grant and was attended by the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
Sub Divisional Officer of Water Supply Department, Bah Batkupar Synrem said, “It is true that the office has lodged an FIR within the Borsora Police Out Post. all gone".
If you can have your own studio, it will help a lot to develop the youth who are in this field and this is a source of income for many even though the income is low.
The transfer of the ADC from Jowai to Ampati was allegedly due to the fact that the officer did not comply with what he was ordered to do.
The program was organized by the Department of Development of North East Region in collaboration with the Department of Rights.
He congratulated the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi for upholding the importance of all the languages ​​of India.
If they cannot do so, the party will take further protest measures.
Chhattisgarh Governor Shekhar Dutt was the chief guest on the occasion.
Two Honorable Justices of the Supreme Court, Justice AK Patniak and Justice MY Eqbal, after hearing the arguments, issued the order.
Shillong, Naitung 09: The office of the Civil Sub Division Sohra has issued notices to the owners of coal mines in Majai area to stop mining due to lack of mining lease. government.
This is the perfect time to pay back, he said.
After being taken to court, the court has given the police three days to interrogate him in police custody.
Yesterday, Friday, 13th November, was the first day of the Le iaw Festival when the Raij children brought the Symbood Khnong from the forest from the place where they did not pom and placed it at Lum Soiung Jowai.
If the third part takes so long when will the fourth part work.
Shillong, Nailur 25: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Pyniaid Sing Syiem today presented T.4.35 crore in the special session.
When holding small meetings in private homes, it should be ensured that there will be no disturbance to the neighbors and the meeting should end by 8.00 pm.
Referring to the education department, the Chief Minister said that the government has put the education department as a priority and for this reason the government has taken many measures to build the house. schools and colleges to improve education in the state.
When he arrived in Shillong, he registered with the government and was under Home Quarantine from 24th October to 07th June
) sends its greetings to the people of Meghalaya on the birthday of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel and known as a strong man of India. the spirit of patriotism among the people.
In another incident, Arjun Joshi lodged a complaint with the Police that on 29th November 2023 at about 11.40 pm he found that unidentified robbers had stolen the Secondary Batteries from the Junction box of CCTV camera installed at Laban Cultural Club, Batti Bazar, Shillong.
It is about how the family has moved forward within a small family, how the children have received an education, how the family has survived illness, how well the family has met their basic needs.
The victims of MUDA have criticized the government for arresting Kong Agnes Kharshiing when she is only an assistant to the victims.
Every district has its own strengths and opportunities in overseas markets.
Shillong, July 12: With the aim of improving the income of farmers in Meghalaya, a meeting was held at the ICAR with officials of the Meghalaya government today.
It is not yet clear who should have taken these traders but it is suspected that they belong to the rebel group.
I have urged the State Governments to put health as their top priority now.
Besides Samla Raymond Kharjana, Samka Pynshai Dkhar, President KSU NEHU Unit, members of Upper Shillong Circle and others were also present.
According to an RTI reply received from the Education Department of JHADC, the MDC has alleged that Markatjuh Dkhar (Teacher) has been involved in politics without any evidence to prove that he has done so. RTI requested by Arlin Dkhar said that the EDD-JHADC should provide the video recorded, which can witness the allegations and allegations so that it will be a light to many churches. He was surprised that the EDDJHADC has insulted its own employees without being able to prove the allegation.
The French official invited the joint delegation from the Meghalaya State Olympic Association and the Department of Sports of the Government of Meghalaya to visit France to get more detailed agreements. in some of the works of the body.
After the club beat Dempo SC 2-1 on the 21st of this month, the North East team has now reached more than 1000 fans.
A special mass was held at the cemetery to pray for the deceased and at the same time to remind the survivors that one day the same mass will be held. the way to your own creator.
On the same incident, the DC of West Garo Hills has already appointed a team of inquiry headed by a magistrate and the report on the said issues should be submitted within 15 days.
The appointment of the Governor of Nagaland to look after Meghalaya is in the absence or leave of Tathagata Roy, Governor of Meghalaya.
This is a great loss to us as petrol pump owners.
It happened that he was also interested in photography and he received accurate information that the photography was discovered only in 1839, after the death of Tirot Sing Syiem.
More than 1000 people attended the meeting to express their condolences.
He said that he and the people of Meghalaya express their deep sorrow over the passing away of the former Governor and send their condolences to the family members of the former Governor. and the god of peace shall give rest unto your soul.
Shillong Lajong FC will play the semi final on the 7th of this month at the same stadium in Guwahati.
Regarding the proposal to release the One Time Settlement, the government will consider this as stated by Dr Amapreen Lyngdoh who brought up the issue.
The lockdown has caused suffering to the people especially to the poor, but even so, everyone has accepted and followed the rules of the lockdown for the benefit of the state as a whole.
In her speech, Dr. Saralin Dorphang said that she has worked for Mawhati as a doctor but this will not help the people, to serve better she has taken this decision to contest. the election by resigning from the government.
In many places of the villages, it was seen that the village authorities have worked with the District Administration to line up the people so that they do not turn lymbrum. he tynruh when he bought something.
The main revenue of the state is the revenue from the central government and it is estimated that the revenue from this revenue is T.7,834 crore. to reach T.8,908 crore in the 2023-2024 fiscal year.
In the five-day attempt, Block-III has been named BRAHMOS LACM and this shooting attempt has been exactly the same as expected and this is a great victory. The fire was launched by the Indian Army.
The BSF has requested the BGB to assist in curbing these smuggling activities at the border.
Shillong, June 26: The Martin Luther Christian University has appointed Bah Robert G Lyngdoh as the new Vice Chancellor of the university.
In doing so, they take thePanchPran oath, which focuses on making India a developed country, abolishing the slavery system, being proud of their rich heritage, holding unity, fulfilling duties as citizens, and respect those who defend the country.
: The Chief Minister of Chhattisgarh has inaugurated a program at the Bhimrao Ambedkar Govt.
He said that he would like to thank the Sports Department of the State Government for organizing such tournaments every year so that they can select talented children.
Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Arunkumar Kemphavi told SP News Agency that the misunderstanding was resolved today at a meeting between the BGB and BSF held at Tamabil. The new BGB group is not yet aware of the social agreement between India and Bangladesh.
Sanbor said that Lawsohtun has nine wells which supply water to Shillong and if it cannot be protected from this invasion by the army, the time will come when the people will take action. on the other hand.
They abducted the youth from Bonggaigaon at 3 pm and immediately took him to the forests in North Garo Hills in collaboration with the Meghalaya Police and the Meghalaya Police. Assam has been able to free him from the hands of the invaders.
On this occasion, the Deputy Commissioner East Khasi Hills District has sent his best wishes to the group to win the higher rounds in the coming rounds.
These glasses are available from Titan Eye Plus stores.
Shillong, Naitung 02: How to issue a mining lease on land owned by a private person?
According to sources, three robbers in Mawthungkper village broke into the company's headquarters at about 1:30 pm and burnt them down. The driver of the dumper truck who was inside the dumper escaped from the scene.
The youngster started playing golf only two years ago after returning home due to the Covid-19 pandemic.
The media has also reported on various cases and this helps the NCPCR to take action when there is any violation of the rights of children, she said.
Government officials from the Ministry of Agriculture were also present on the occasion.
Police have registered a case against HYC President Roy Kupar Synrem, Vice President Donbok Kharlyngdoh, Assistant General Secretary Isaac Basaiawmoit and other unidentified leaders and members.
These players were members of the Sambo Association of Meghalaya under the leadership of Bah Elton Swer.
Speaking to SP News Agency, MPSC Secretary WAM Booth said that the problem faced by the MPSC is to get the halls to conduct the examinations after the examinations. called the application.
Pyniaid said that according to the documents of the district council, the council has not received the land allocation for the year 2020-2
In his speech, Bah Reachingson Kongwang said that the Seng has done many things in the past since the victory in the fight against the embezzlement of public money at SBI Amlarem Bank, the support to pay tuition. ei to the children of parents who come from poor families, the struggle to improve the health in War Jaintia.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: U Bah Kitbok Kharshandy, father of a three-year-old boy from Umwang village in Ri Bhoi district, said that after his son complained of shadem illness, he was taken to the hospital. NEIGRIHMS but from this government hospital they sent him to the private Supercare Hospital.
Balsan died in the hands of the law on the 20th of this month.
Regarding the Meghalaya Icon, he said that the public has been waiting for such a competition.
The Dorbar also urges the residents not to believe in rumors but to listen and follow the news announced by the Government authorities.
There is nothing less or more, he said.
In Nongpoh, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, unfurled the flag and followed by the unveiling of the coffins by various government departments.
Under this scheme, the Central Government of India will provide training to the public through Common Service Centers (CSCs). Those who can enroll under this scheme must be between the ages of 14 and 60 years.
The State Government should also pass a resolution in the Assembly this time to demand that the MoEFCC should not continue to issue environmental clearance for uranium mining. ahead ".
As a result of collaboration with Telangana healthcare providers, it has identified several key elements that facilitate the testing process.
According to the latest news received by the SP News Agency, three candidates have contested for the Congress ticket for the Shillong Parliamentary seat after the name of John F Kharshiing was re-entered today.
“The Congress party will follow up on this sacred issue and if it goes away from us we will take this issue to the attention of the people.
He also inaugurated four road projects in three states of Meghalaya, Manipur and Arunachal Pradesh.
Nongthymmai and Nangkiew Irat as they will have an opportunity to come back stronger when SPL 2024 begins in a few months time.
The KSU also demands that the MLAs and MDCs of Mawsynram Constituency and Ranikor Constituency should take action to improve this road so that such incidents will not happen again.
On the other hand, the police have arrested only the drinkers and the bar sellers and from this arrest, the police have conducted a follow-up and in this follow-up they have arrested. The investigation is ongoing to track down the drug traffickers.
The herbalists who attended the meeting were from all four parts of Meghalaya including women and men.
Sohkymphor, July 24: Tia Chaphrang Higher Secondary School, Sohkymphor, East Jaintia Hills on Saturday honored its students who passed the SSLC and HSSLC examinations. 2018. Up to 35 students have passed the SSLC Examination this year and 33 students have passed, while in the HSSLC (Arts) Examination, out of 15 students have passed. There were 13 candidates who passed the examination.
According to Bah Tourist Khonglah, through this scheme, the people have received many benefits. This scheme provides various trainings to the people such as agriculture and others. “We strongly urge the Prime Minister DR Mukul Sangma to implement the wishes of the people because the people demand their rights and if the government They don't believe that they will fight against the will of the people.
Speaking on the occasion of the 178th Anniversary of the death of the Khasi Hills King, Bah John F Kharshing said that in the year 1829, Syiem Tirot Singh fought against the king with a sword and a spear. but now is the time to fight against the law to protect the nation.
The 26 State Karate Championship 2017 started on Thursday and ended on Saturday at the Indoor Sports Hall, JN Sports Complex, Polo Ground, Shillong.
Shillong, March 27: The 20th Khasi Khara Festival held near Lawkyntang in Mawphlang has attracted the attention of the people from all over the country. which is really rich.
He noted significant changes in the recruitment of paramilitary groups.
Na Rympei FC has beaten Tanaw FC in the 1st Hynniewtrep U-16 Football League by 1-0 tie-breaker.
Shillong, Nailur 26: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma today in his speech at the Berkeley School of Business in the United States, invited information technology companies and journalists to set up jobs. in Meghalaya.
The four have appealed to the party to release them from their current positions within the party.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah MH Dkhar urged the new leaders of the party to work hard, work honestly with unity and love in leading the party forward. to render the best service to the country and the nation.
Dozens of BJP office bearers took part in the protest against the allegations of corruption in the recovery of money from the residence of the MP. Congress.
Their statement that they need to meet with the Prime Minister and senior officers shows that they understand that there is a mistake in the removal of the (three) officers,” said Bah Ardent.
: the mutka is the shab of the shynna.
At the same time, he said that there should be a close relationship between NEIAH and NEHU in terms of research in all fields especially in the field of health and also in the field of science. do Yoga.
Shillong, Nailar 24: The Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MPCB) today held a public hearing to listen to the voice of the people to increase the production of cement. Limited in Thangskai.
Shillong, Iaiong 21: At the Mela to be held on the 23rd of this month at the Garrison Ground, a special area will be set up for the public to get detailed information on the incident. in the army.
Speaking at the opening ceremony of the new police station, the Chief Minister said that the purpose of the police station is to bring happiness to the people and at the same time the people to understand that The law exists and this will bring peace and order in the villages.
The KSU of SWKH District expects the District authorities and the Supply Department to take action to prevent the loss of kilograms of food items or to free from any corruption in the food items that should be received by the people of South West Khasi Hills. Hills District.
Speeches were also delivered by UDP leaders who have left and decided to support the Congress in the District Council election.
To pray for the rulers of Manipur and India to find ways and means to bring peace in the state and end the conflict in the state.
In his speech, Stalward Lyngskhor, Sirdar of Sohbar Elaka, explained the status of the Hima and explained the relationship between Shillong and Bangladesh through the railway. to the French.
In reply to a question whether it is the transfer to the private sector, or the transfer to the private sector to manage or operate some parts of MEECL, the Chief Minister said: The Chief Minister said that there is no intention to hand over, look after or manage some parts of MeECL. To clarify on this question, he said it should be understood that MeECL is not empowered. NEEPCO, NTPC and others have decided to take T.1300 crore to release MEECL from the debt and the state from the light cut. /- crore from REC and PFC through Nirmaan Bharat.
Police will do their utmost to resolve the traffic jam within a short period of time.
He said that the militants had made a mistake in taking him away thinking that he was a wealthy businessman and Ali had explained to them that he was only a driver. of Ali.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma today urged the Voice of the People Party (VPP) Leader Ardent Basaiawmoit to end the strike. unlimited as this can lead to very serious side effects.
Awareness speech was also delivered by Ma HH Mohrmen.
“In fact, every police station should conduct a medical test if this happens.
It is to be recalled that when Vincent H Pala was the Minister of State for Water Resources, Vincent H Pala and former Ranikor MLA Martin M Danggo visited the area. How to dig this river to avoid the flooding of this village.
This is the first time that a school from Sawsymper area has been able to produce students who will enter the Top 20 of the results of the Secondary School Leaving Certificate announced by the Meghalaya Board of School Education on Thursday. .
The KHADC has introduced the Bill in the House where the House has accepted the Bill and sent it to the Government. bill to KHADC for review.
How many times have you been there?
In these few months as the leader of the area, he has demonstrated the spirit of working for the development of the area and the area as a whole.
The Government would like to encourage the private sector to come forward to take part in the establishment of schools and colleges. the government will pay for running them.
The wind speed is between 60 and 70 kilometers per hour.
The welcome speech was delivered by Bah O Shanpru Symbut President of the Seng Kmie.
Referring to the Mahadev Khola, he said it is outside the river, which falls under the jurisdiction of the forest department.
When asked about the incident in Tura, the principal and teacher of Kendra Vidalaya were arrested on charges of attempting to rape a student at the school.
Gavin M Mylliem said that during his inspection of various PHCs, he found that many of the Isolation Wards are not adequate as expected as stipulated by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. COVID-19.
Such a progress in swachhta has greatly improved the quality of life of the people in the rural areas.
Dairy and food items, recreational tourism, agricultural tourism in rural areas and many other places.
Other speakers on the occasion were the Sordar of Nongum Presbytery, Bah K Lawryniang, Rev A. Rymmai, S Nongsiej Secretary of the Women's Church Nongum Presbytery.
On this occasion, the Rangbah Shnong said that he appeals to the government authorities to look after this small village which has 25 households where the residents are in need. He urged the Government to carry out development works in this village.
Before the conclusion of the meeting, Paiem KM Syiemlieh, Chief of Nongkhlaw Hima, welcomed the guests.
Christian Thought Pathaw,
Born on October 27, 1958, Marak came from a low-income family.
The KSU has sent a letter to the Office of the Executive Engineer of PWD North Division to remind the Engineer to start the construction of the PMGSY Road called KLB (Khanduli Barato Lapangap) Road which is about 18 km long. and Cheap Floorboards.
Memang strongly criticized the ANVC leaders and said that the shooting death of four ANVC(B) members was not in a fight and said why the people listen to the this happened.
The party urges all the 60 MLAs to discuss this issue and find ways how to curb the smuggling of drugs in the state and also to pass strict and strong laws. power to punish drug traffickers.
If the law enforcement agencies do this, how will the farmers survive and if the government does not help them, the threat is from starvation and not from the COVID-19 pandemic. .
What happened in Ranikor Constituency is that in the MDC election 2014, the party did not listen to the party workers in giving the ticket and in this they nominated Bah Airmarshal Dieng as an independent candidate. and he came second.
The application was submitted from the office of the Department of Agriculture, East Khasi Hills District.
Dr. Kham Chyrmang won the Best Makeup Influencer award, Rachel Anne Nongkhlaw won the Best Makeup Influencer award, Wanjop Sohkhlet won the Best Music Influencer award. Those videos which are quick to spread have been brought by the team of Biria Shillong.
Shillong, Lber 12: U Monu M Areng of Nagrabil village today said that after the murder of his son by the robbers he has already lodged a complaint in Pillangkatta and also at The Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District on
This is the invention of the police and Dharambir Bansal.
Shillong, Jan 29: In honor of the freedom fighters of Bangladesh, the Bangladesh government now wants to search for the soldiers who gave their lives for the country in the Liberation War. buried in India.
According to the RTI received, it is clear that they have not received the permit or NOC. safe.
MDCs from both sides of the House expressed their respective findings on the report of the Delimitation Committee and found that there are many shortcomings in this report.
You are allowed to dig and carry.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The Army has conducted a free treatment of its personnel at the Military Hospital in Shillong, to check whether they have tuberculosis.
“However, until now, even after many complaints from the residents and also from outside, no action has been taken by the government except false promises.
Regarding the employees of the pharmacy, the Institute has employed them to work in other jobs.
On the urgency of the government to fight against the problems of women, drivers, small workers, day laborers and it was at the meeting on 27 October 2020 that the government has set the number 1070 and the public can call this number to inform.
Shillong, July 30: The State Government today issued a notice to the Director General of Police (DSP) until the appointment of the Director General of Police (DSP). SK Jain, Director General of Police, Shillong, has been directed to temporarily hold the post of DGP until further notice.
This decision was taken at a meeting recently between the District Administration and the Gas Distributors in Shillong.
They said that their intention to leave for India was to look for coal mining contracts in the Ladrymbai area of ​​East Jaintia Hills District.
, Umsning Range under the supervision of Bah Sumarlang Mawlong.
The Forum also encourages citizens to protect the sanctity of the faith guided by the spirit of knowledge and reason, and to speak out against the forces that aim to destroy the culture of peace and harmony among the community," the statement added.
The steel bridges to be installed at this site have been brought from outside the state and to install these bearings, newly arrived bearings are needed.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya does not have detailed information about the situation in the state. Perhaps this statement is because Dr Mukul Sangma has been busy outside the state and in his own constituency.
He said that everything starts from the home and families make up the society and when it comes to leadership, there must be dedication and the present creates the future.
Shillong, Nailur 08: The All Meghalaya Malaria Program Workers Association (AMMPWA) today met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Roshan Warjri to express their demands for the re-appointment of Malaria Program Workers. him in the work.
The Government has also taken action against the youth.
According to the rules of the Council, the club must have a Trade License and the members or employees of the Club must also pay Professional Tax to the Council,” said KHNAM in the petition. Working President Thomas Passah and General Secretary James MA Neng.
The meeting also discussed the salary of the teachers, which the government has promised to pay every month but this has not happened yet despite the promise but they are still facing problems. Regarding their salaries, the government will also strive to pay their salaries on time.
A total of 11 candidates were announced today.
He said that the officers in charge of the area are still collecting information regarding the damage and after receiving a report from the officers, I can't explain the loss of this storm.
Speaking to the new office bearers of the KSU Mawiongim Unit, Samla Donald Thabah spoke about the entry of mynder through marriage and the Benami practice of indigenous people which allows them to smuggle and trade freely in KSU Mawiongim Unit. this state.
The committee found that government schools in Delhi are well equipped with Digital Classrooms, CCTVs, Laptops, Libraries and School Health Clinics. School Clinic until now.
The Cabinet should not be afraid that the government will take all necessary measures to protect and give its full support to the party to ensure that Minister Blah will win this election. in all these years to ensure that he has time for the people of Mawphlang.
The most important animals that are on the verge of extinction are the Asian black bear, hog badger, hoolock gibbon, Asian elephant and Royal Bengal tiger, among others.
Shillong, March 19: U Dr. Joram Beda IAS, Commissioner and Secretary, Health Department, Shillong, today inaugurated a tor check-up center at the Reid Provincial Chest Hospital Shillong. Having this tool will help those who have little access to vision.
In Rajasthan, in the 199-member Assembly, the BJP won 114 MLAs, the Congress won 70 MLAs, independent candidates won seven, BHRTADVSIP-3 and BSP-2 MLAs. .
Shillong, November 28: The Governor of Meghalaya has declared the 29th and 29th November 2022 as public holidays. of October 2023.
The BSF arrested him after receiving a tip on the smuggling of money.
To give your opinions on what the party will include in the election manifesto.
He urged the people to turn out on polling day to prove their desire to bring about change.
Office bearers of these four organizations were also present on the occasion.
Due to many requests for clarification from the Chairman, Co-Chairman and Dy Chairman, it was decided to continue the meeting with the senior officers of the Community & Rural Development Department as part of the review of the performance of various schemes. The Ministry of Community and Rural Development and the Chairman, Dy Chairman, of the Meghalaya State Planning Board in January
Shillong, Nailur 04: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today announced that 15 cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed positive in the country. There are 88 cases in the state.
He expressed his satisfaction with the state of work in Meghalaya and the percentage of expenditure.
The schemes discussed at the meeting were MGNERGA, PMAY, NSAP, SSA, Mid Day Meal, ICDS, NHM, NRDWP, TSC, Swachh Bharat Mission, PMGSY, AIBP, PMKSY and RKVY. They also discussed how to move forward the development works of the government for the benefit of the people.
He informed that under the CGFS, loans have been provided to MSEs which helps in creating jobs.
This time under the MHIS Ayushman Bharat – Prime Minister Jan Arogya Yojana (AB-PMJAY).
Earlier, the union had met with the District Medical and Health Officer and the Medical Officer to clarify on the condition of the hospital in Khliehriat which has been upgraded to Civil Hospital Khliehriat in The union has found with its own eyes that the hospital is still lagging behind even after being upgraded.
In his speech, Bah Adelbert Nongrum MLA of this constituency said that the youth are the future of the country and with access to clean water they will have a healthy body and can do well in life. their reading.
Jowai, November 10: Up to 40 young women from different villages of West Jaintia Hills District today received their certificates to prove that they have completed a three month training in the field of khapsñiuh. and improve.
"“The happiness of our nation in our own country is more important than anything else.
“Ganesh is the God of victory,” said Minister Duh, adding that he is confident that the hard work of those who have just been employed will help the country to achieve its goals.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah R Wahlang ADC, said that the elderly are indeed the strong pillars of democracy. special honor to the elderly.
The Containment Order for the Meghalaya Rural Bank, Mairang Branch and its surroundings has been lifted and it will reopen from 18th June, by 9 am.
In every Assembly Session, the government talks about quality education and trained teachers, but the government talks about the power of quality education.
Shillong, July 12: Shillong, July 12: Shillong today experienced heavy rainfall all day long and along with strong wind and this has caused fires and this has caused panic among the passengers. even those riding in cars.
The Executive Committee led by Bah Thombor Shiwat as Chief Executive Member will meet on the 18th of this month to discuss the matter. Whether they should be closed down completely or whether they should be allowed to carry the trees that have been cut down and remain in the forest.
Nine colleges in the state include three in East and West Jaintia Hills, one in Ribhoi District, two in West Khasi Hills and three in Garo Hills. Khasi Hills District.
These guests were welcomed by the residents of Kongthong under the leadership of Sordar Bah Teibor Lynrah and Bah Rothel Khongsit in front of the AMRIT Mahotsav Gate. and the sound of the trumpet.
The North Eastern Council (NEEDP) has launched its first North East Entrepreneurship Development Program (NEEDP) at the NEC Secretariat in Nongrim Hills, Shillong.
How many times we have to urge and demand the most important needs especially from the Government authorities.
The total number of deaths so far has risen to 1477, with the highest number of deaths in East Khasi Hills District 1003, West Jaintia Hills District 136 and Ri Bhoi District you are sick.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The NPP and Congress party have decided to win the mid-term MP election from the 2_Tura (ST) Parliamentary Constituency. The meeting will be held tomorrow at the head quarters of the districts in Garo Hills.
Chief Guest, Conrad K Sangma, attended the Closing Ceremony along with the Minister of Tourism and Arts & Culture, Paul Lyngdoh, Chief Executive Member of the Autonomous District Council, Pyniaid Sing Syiem and besides other Executive Members including PN Syiem and Teibor Pathaw and many others Government officials and other Dignitaries.
Although the two MLAs, Bah Jason S Mawlong and Bah Gavin M Mylliem, have not revealed their views, there have been talks within the party to take part in the post of Minister.
In his speech, Bah Lapang said that the implementation of the withdrawal of old currency is wrong because it has caused problems to the people of this country which the Congress party cannot allow. see that the people are in this trouble.
The Eastern Zone includes all the states of the North East, West Bengal, Bihar, Jharkhand, Odisha and Chattisgarh.
The Meghalaya Legislative Assembly has 60 MLAs. The INC has 20 MLAs, NPP 20, UDP 7, PDF 4, HSPDP 2, BJP , KHNAM 1, NCP 1, Independent 3.
The Vice President said that India is ready to eliminate carbon dioxide emissions and now there is a commitment to introduce electric vehicles and this will help. in many ways, said the Vice President.
The government will set up a new committee to find a site for the landfill after the minister visits the existing landfill.
Imagine what will happen to the Khasi women, children, young women, elderly and old men who live with a righteous mind.
According to the residents of the village, the sudden power outage in the village happened last night while people were watching TV and also pumping water to fill the tops. .
This will be an example for the country if it is successful in Meghalaya.
At this meeting held at Mawkyrwat, KHNAM President Bah Pyndap Saibon welcomed Bah Enbin to the party in the presence of other party leaders. the meeting was held.
For example, the government's monthly assistance of T.750/- for them has been implemented through the Child Development Project office. need.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Hel, today said that Meghalaya will implement the National Health Protection Mission (NHS) scheme in all parts of the state. Those who fall under the MHIS will benefit from the National Health Protection Mission (NHS) to ensure that the people of Meghalaya can receive treatment in all hospitals in India.
Therefore, this time they have sent the same and this action shows that the District Council and the Delimitation Committee have acted without any basis and without trust and to believe that the Delimitation Committee which has only 5 members in a short period of 10 months scheduled for 10th November 2013 have completed the division of 29 constituencies and the report has been sent to the EC on 12th November 2013 which is unimaginable in what way they operate.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today confirmed two deaths from COVID-19 positive, one from West Garo Hills and one from West Khasi Hills. There were 1464 cases.
When asked, Bah Lyngdoh said, “It is not just to get the recognition as an Institute of National Importance.
Shillong, Iaiong 09: Ka KSU Shella Unit today seized a Bolero Camper number ML 10 B 3595 from Disong which was carrying many people. there were 20 people in this car.
At present, the people of Garo Hills are still facing some difficulties as traders come only from Kamrup and Golapara of Assam as the railway is running only from Medipathar to Guwahati and Dimapur.
We must take steps to maintain peace, understanding and unity in Meghalaya.
The Government is working full time in the manufacturing and tourism sectors as these have the best employment opportunities," he said.
Eldie N.Lyngdoh, who was also the General Secretary of FKJGP Shillong City in 2014, recalled that the members of FKJGP Shillong City have suffered many hardships in these years. bombs were tied when they tried to fight against many issues for the sake of the nation but the good news is that until now the foundation is strong and has not been able to stir up the spirit of patriotism. also urged the members to continue to work harder to dedicate their bodies and souls for the sake of the nation.
In her complaint, Joybiful said that there is still a chance to rescue her son.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: The Hima Khyrim Shad Nongkrem 2023, along with the children of the chief, 300 girls and boys have arrived to take part in the Shad Nongkrem. at this year’s festival.
After this incident, on the same road, another sign was placed by the PWD showing that the road from SOS Village to Lum Sohpet Bneng is 6.50 km long and the work for this road is 6.50 km. the road is T.291.
The CEM said that the price of TP set by the KHADC is .36 naia per kilo. The CEM said that the Marwaris have taken advantage of the fact that they are the only ones who can buy synsar. “Where do they have the authority to set the price of tyrpat as they please?” asked the CEM of KHADC. The CEM of KHADC will demand that the government should set the government price so that the farmers will not be allowed to kniot price palace.
The BSF said that since July 2022 alone, 1491 cows have been seized.
Myrthong has faced many difficulties in climbing Mangkashong but her courage has led her to reach the goal.
He said that if 11 foreigners are appointed in these positions, they need to get a No Objection Certificate from the Rangbah Shnongs to work in different villages. They should not issue NOC to these foreigners but should prevent them from doing these jobs and this will open the door for the unemployed youth of the state to get jobs in these jobs. .
Shillong, June 04: The President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Tuesday said that the government has the benefit of the doubt. the attempt to resolve the border with Assam.
The opposition leader said the Inner Line Permit Act has its own shortcomings.
The meeting was held at the Indoor Stadium of Mawsynram Dongneng. The meeting was attended by Bah Ibanlumlang Marbaniang President of the PDF and other leaders.
KHNAM strongly demands the full implementation of the ILP especially in Khasi and Jaintia Hills according to the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation
He said that they have the intention to spread this new sport to all the districts of the State so that the talented youth will have the opportunity to showcase to the world.
The Minister explained the needs of the health centers in this regard.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Kodios said that in a meeting with the supporters, they decided to leave the HSPDP because of the refusal to give him the ticket.
Bhutanese Prime Minister Dasho Tshering Tobgayu today called Prime Minister Narendra Modi and congratulated him on the victory of the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) in the 18th Lok Sabha elections.
Bah Ekstarly Lyngkhoi, one of the biggest supporters of the HSPDP and one of the leading volunteers during the Hill State protest, said that after the party leaders The office bearers of the Nongstoiñ Unit have held a meeting on the 27th of last month in Nongstoiñ but the office bearers who have been removed have not invited him to the meeting. don't know why they didn't call him.
The delegation, which is in the middle of its four-day visit to Odisha, also received the 'Viksit Bharat Sankalp' along with hundreds of residents and watched the Information, Education, Communication (IEC) exhibitions. about the schemes and achievements of the Central Government.
The Union will not stand idly by to fight for the rights of ASHA workers in the state.
Those who can register are all those who have been recognized under the State Government as low paid.
This is for the land owners around Shillong, which means that now they have to look at which land cannot be allowed to be used and which land cannot be sold, before implementing the project. MUDA has asked for comments if they are still available and should be submitted within 21 days.
The Minister called upon the people to take a decision on this day to bring unity and peace in the country.
Shillong, Naitung 10: Unidentified persons have detonated a petrol bomb at the office of the Meghalaya Public Service Commission (MPSC) in Lachimer at 7 pm today, police sources said.
He said that why do these leaders want to spend their time fighting politics where they can use their time to work in the constituencies? MDA which has listened to the demands of the people in accepting the implementation of the ILP in the state.
The three farmers who came from Thailand are Nutdanai Trakansuphakon, Yuttapan Phiphatmongkhonkun and Kanlaya Chermue who are also colleagues of NESFAS, Shillong.
When people understand the significance of this event, historians in the future will understand that this was a very important time in India's rediscovery of its heritage.
At this time, to avoid any impact on the patients, the patients have been shifted to other hospitals.
Macmilan Kharshandy was killed and two others were injured in the shooting at Lad Mawlong.
The party urges all political parties, all MLAs, to say yes to the municipal elections and if those who support the holding of municipal elections should take responsibility.
Referring to the Indira Aawas Yojana scheme, the Minister said that the government will introduce new rules in this regard as most of the beneficiaries of this scheme are three days.
The question is, does it require the protection of the environment and the health of the people to violate our right to land?
Shillong, July 08: The Rangbah Shnong of Mawkhar, Bah Arwan Tariang today inaugurated the first shop of the first MegaMart in Meghalaya at Mawkhaw. The company is not Bankrupt War.
At this meeting, the union has given two months to the government to complete the investigation into the matter.
The Bolero was on its way to Rangsai village when police arrested two persons from Goalpara District , Assam They have received up to T.3.10 crore.
The Chief Minister said that the Central Government should ensure that the people from India and the state can return safely to their country.
The President of the union expressed his dissatisfaction with the condition of the CHC and said that the people have lost confidence in the CHC as it appears that there is no doctor in the CHC. He also said that the residents of the area have to go to CHC Mawphlang for treatment when they are suffering from illness because CHC Sohiong cannot provide the services as it should.
Shillong, Nailar 26: U Director of Health Services (DHS) today said that a man named Rajendra Shah, 70, has been brought to Civil Hospital where doctors have pronounced him dead. They will arrive at the Civil Hospital Shillong at 3.30 pm.
The Chief Minister said that during his visit to the factories in Ri Bhoi District, he wanted to know whether these factories are really working or not. It is also important to understand their problems when they put on these projects.
“This is one of the steps towards achieving the goal of including the Khasi language in Article 8 of the Constitution of the Government of India,” said the KSU leader. She expressed her gratitude to the KSU for coming forward to congratulate and said that this day will encourage her to work harder to spread the Khasi language in many ways.
Other sources obtained by SP News Agency said that the district authorities have tightened security to ensure that the Christmas celebration will be held smoothly without any incident. a sad event.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The two-day meeting of the Eastern Air Command (EAC) started today at Shillong under the Eastern Air Command (EAC) which was inaugurated by the Chief Marshal of the Air Force. BS Dhanoa, who was welcomed by Air Marshal R Nambiar of the EAC. In his speech, the Chief of Army Staff, Air Chief Marshal BS Dhanoa, praised the Army for its efforts. He said that the determination within the army to develop this army should be further strengthened in the north.
These foreign states are the ones who intend to smuggle cement factories into East Jaintia Hills District.
This is in recognition of her contribution to society and personal achievements. Besides Khasi books, she has also written the annual book “Meghalaya GK (India/Global).
After receiving the report, the Chief Minister wrote on Twitter that he has received the report from the Chairman of the State Government Program Implementation and Monitoring Committee (SGPIMC). ).
Referring to the expenditure, the Prime Minister said that it should not be increased.
The surrender of David to the BSF is a major blow to the GNLA. The BSF said they have done many great things for the people on the border with the GNLA. Shillong, November 02: The arrest of David is the hard work of the BSF, said PK Dubey IG of the BSF. Shillong, November 02: The I -The league between Shillong Lajong FC and Churchill Brothers Goa was held at the JN Stadium in Shillong today.
The Government of India will not be able to resolve these issues by the power of the armed forces but it needs to bring these issues to the table for dialogue otherwise the HNLC will not rest even if it still has 31 issues. that year too.
Titostarwell Chyne, said that the letter of the union is groundless and has nothing to do with the court order, as the court order does not say to sit while “I don't know what to do, but I have to follow the laws,” he said.
The MPSC cannot set the rules, the rules are set by the government departments which send for applications for vacancies and the MPSC follows those rules which have been stipulated.
There are 26 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in the state and 13818 recoveries so far.
This assistance will be provided by the KHADC only in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnongs.
Jowai, November 11: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills District Unit today issued a statement saying that a Dkhar Nepali named Khrishna Sapkota has issued a fake syrnod to Khar Nepalis, Bengalis and others. The Seng has immediately taken action against the issuance of Aaddhaar Number to the authorities.
Shillong, Nailar 15: Students of North Eastern Hills University today staged a placard protest on the occasion of the Independence Day celebrations. they met at the high school.
All these cows are sold in places that have not yet been cleaned.
Lyngdoh said that during the meeting with the Prime Minister, Conrad promised to call for talks with them in the next few days with the participation of the groups involved in the operation of the factory. the city of Zorah.
The College now has 2924 students, of whom 1864 are in the morning and 1063 are in the morning.
Leaders of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) South West Khasi Hills District Unit on Friday met with the Director of Health Services (MI) Dr. FV Kharshiing to discuss issues related to health in the country. South West Khasi Hills District and within Mawsynram C&RD Block, East Khasi Hills District.
The CMC will be headed by the Mission Director and the government has allocated T.5.5 crore for the purpose of preventing and fighting against the spread of COVID-1 has state.
Referring to the CAA, the Chief Minister said that as of now many parts of the state have been exempted from the CAA, the remaining part will be only about 3%. He said that the government will implement it, but it is up to the people to come and prove that they live in Meghalaya.
The Government will continue to struggle to send more tests and the Government is working to get more Rapid Test Kids from other countries of the world where other states are also working. I went to see them.
This Board shall look after all the appointments in relation to the education department, for now they will complete the appointment of them within the education department and after this the appointment of teachers will also be completed. The Board shall be responsible for the appointment of teachers and this shall be for the purpose of education. The appointment of teachers shall be as usual but shall be under the jurisdiction of the Board.
The union also expresses its condolences to the families of those who died in the bullet attack by the Assam police. I went to Mukroh last year.
The Seng suspects that there are some authorities who may be taking advantage of the council's failure to get private contractors, because the information that the Seng has received is that there are Khasi who have submitted tenders at a high price. but the tender was awarded to those from Delhi at a higher price.
There is a concern regarding the lack of security facilities, the government has set up information centers in all districts of the state, regarding the health centres, the Chief Minister said. It is not true that they are poor, but the government will do what is not necessary because this is a matter of urgency.
According to the 2012 census, there are 4.11 lakh households in the state.
Speech was delivered by Samla Rapborlang Nongrum General Secretary of KSU Mawlai Circle and at the same time Assistant Finance Secretary of KSU Mawlai Circle. the need to fight for many issues that affect the country and the nation.
The union also suggested to the SDO to stop the entry of BSF from Shillong to the border areas as we see that many of these BSF personnel have contracted COVID-1 .
Nongstoin, Nailar 14: The Hynniewtrep People's Social Organization (HPSO) of West Khasi Hills District (HPSO) on Tuesday requested the government to inform the public about government schemes through the media.
Bah Nongpiur said that these land vendors have come to sell shops in this area without getting any permission from the Dorbar Shnong, and if they come to the Dorbar Shnong as the Rangbah Shnong he is ready to take They went out to find a place elsewhere to give way to those who were selling.
On the opposition side, no MLA was present at the swearing-in ceremony. On the Congress side, Bah Vincent H Pala MP of 1-Shillong was present. Parliamentary Constitution.
The APVC has estimated that in 2013, 38 people have been killed by these insurgents and 7 people have lost their lives. Twenty-one were police officers and 21 were civilians.
He added that the committee appointed to conduct the peace talks will be led by the new Vice Chairman, Bah Teimiki Laloo.
Shillong, July 12: U Bah Sameer Sohliya, 46, a journalist from Meghalaya, passed away today after a long illness.
Rai spoke about the bilateral relations between India and Bangladesh.
They protested against the actions of the District Administration and police against the incident in Rambrai yesterday which injured the members of the party. expression in this democratic country.
Shillong, Lber 01: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today upgraded the Mawngap Out Post to the status of a full police station.
Fortunately, no LPG cylinder was used in this shop but something tragic happened which led to the death of those inside this shop.
“Ka seng suspects that there is also a letter from the Commissioner of Health Department of the State Government directing the Deputy Commissioners who are also the Chairman of the District AYUSH Societies to take the necessary action to resolve the issue. The Notification or Circular has not been made public to clarify how many posts have been ordered to be made public,” said the union.
She has held the post of Dolloi for nearly 49 years (1964-2013) and has served the children of thousands and her country. the Hima and Elaka, without wasting their power and time.
The Prime Minister said that the results of his visit to Bangladesh cannot be seen immediately, it will be gradual because of the need to improve the Land Custom Stations and border markets.
Shillong, July 21: Three unidentified persons have abducted an 18-year-old girl near a forest in Shillong and tried to rape her.
This will also bring in them the courage and confidence to face target groups aimed at weakening their base," she added.
The ceremony was led by Archbishop Rev Dominic Jala in the presence of priests from all over the parishes, along with the Catholic faithful who came to the venue to take part. at the Holy Mass.
This method of fishing is also practiced by the people of Garo Hills.
All those who bought these bikes and vehicles should have bought them without proper documents and without getting a police report. Some of them bought vehicles through OLX and Facebook, where they Stolen vehicles were advertised and sold by destroying the engine numbers and chassis numbers so that the law enforcement agencies would not find them.
Shillong, Nailar 19: U Bah Khlurkari Kurbah, a policeman of the 1MLP Battalion, passed away at NEIGHRIM Hospital today after being stabbed in the neck by Bah Daow Shullai at Mawphlang village. these past few weeks.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister expressed his delight and said, “We are delighted to launch the PRIME Tourism Vehicles Scheme, which is a step forward to promote tourism.
The owner of the vehicle, Ribhahun Khongsning, a villager of the area, denied that she had any information that Yaba bullets were seized from her vehicle and was handed over to the Pynursla Police. Station to do what you need.
Shillong, Nailar 05: The Meghalaya Government today took over the Meghalaya House at Russell Street from M/s Asian Housing and Infrastructure Pvt.
The Ethical Committee of the hospital was recognized by the Drug Controller General of India in
In order to provide fertile ground for sowing the seeds of national development it is necessary to integrate this new determination of India.
Speaking to reporters, Ampareen said that since 3rd March, the disease has started spreading in parts of Garo Hills.
He said that Dr Lapang has been able to hold various positions because of the Congress party.
The MDC has already sent a letter of resignation to the National President of the NPP, Conrad K Sangma and at the same time has expressed his support to the Executive Committee of the party. The NPP-led EC in GHADC has been confirmed and the MDC has written to the Chairman of GHADC Boston Marak to appoint him. Shillong, November 05: At the same time, MDC Gasuapara of South Garo Hills Devier M Sangma has sent a letter of support to the GHPA in GHADC. The Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, wants to make the people, especially the residents of Jowai, aware that they have the right to fly the tricolor flag of the country throughout the year. after the 15th of this month.
He said that the traders have many problems and said that they will submit a written statement to the KHADC so that the Council can take action on the problems of the traders.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: BSF troops in Gunaghat have seized 5.5 kilograms of Ganja while smugglers were trying to smuggle the marijuana across the shiah gold mine to smuggle it to Bangladesh.
In the past, even small children were present, but now we have closed and every month we have a meeting with these smugglers to explain what we should do and what we should not do.
The office bearers of the two units were confirmed by the President of HFU Nongstoin Block Bah Z Tympuin and the office bearers of the two units were confirmed by Bah Maiantis Lyngkhoi President of HFU Nongstoin Block. South West Khasi Hills District together with the office bearers of Mawkyrwat Block.
RC Sohkhlet, Secretary, Tourism, Sports and Youth Affairs, has been released from the post of Secretary, Sports and Youth Affairs.
The Hima has complied with all the rules and regulations laid down by the government by not allowing spectators to enter the venue and also outside the venue. people to gather according to the rules laid down by the government.
The party has started considering the candidates for the BJP ticket from the Sohra constituency, where former MLA Dr PW Khongjee and Banteilang Singh Rumnong have applied for tickets. Such a thorough investigation has started in other constituencies as well.
He said that the rebel groups were formed to earn money without working hard and to earn money by demanding from the people. He said that the rebel groups should respect human life and as the The Catholic Church is now standing against terrorism.
According to the soskular, before handing over under Articles 5 and 11, it is the Khasi Seng to issue the certificate of completion of the work.
According to the Waheh Shnong, it is suspected that the Karbi had been waiting since morning farther away from the field and when the Khasi-Pnars went down to the farmland they were shot with bird shot. and this caused a confusion which lasted from the morning until the evening.
Shillong, March 20: U Prestone Tynsong, one of the leading leaders of the Congress party, on Tuesday said that it is not a sin for the Congress MDCs to support the PDF. faith in the rule of law.
Other speakers at the Government meeting were Block Officer Bah B Kharkongor, Chairman, Pomlakrai Pyllun and others.
If there is this residence of the President of India in the North East, it will ensure that the President of the country should stay in the North East for two days. They have only two locations, one in Hyderabad, South India and one in Simla, North India.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma said that the youth are the greatest opportunity of any country and also the greatest challenge.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said the demand for vaccines is higher than the production of vaccines around the world.
On the other hand, Bah Agnes Kharsati said that hundreds of tourists come to this place especially on Saturdays and Sundays. They are also responsible for fighting against the enemy by spreading chips, bottles of Kyiad, bottles of beer and what is more cleanliness is the spread of bottles of Kyiad in this area.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Rani said that this incident in Ri Bhoi District, urged the people when they give land to the government they should have an agreement. They promised not to be deceived as happened to the land owners who were given the opportunity to build a power plant in Umtrew.
The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, has called the North East Ashtalakshmi and with these measures, the North East will not only become part of the country's affairs, but will be the power of development. par in the country.
The portraits of freedom fighters from the region such as Syiem Tirot Singh, Kiang Nangbah and Togan N Sangma are paintings by Denis Marbaniang which reflect Gandhi's vision for the leadership of the country. freedom from being enslaved to the authorities.
Shillong, June 22: The BSF troops have now sought a place to withdraw from Pyrdiwah as they understand that if the social agreement between India and Bangladesh is accepted in the Parliament of India, this place will go to Bangladesh.
At this juncture, the Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, which includes the Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, the Federation of Khasi States, the Sirdarships, the Dolloi, and the Council of Nokmas, We send our condolences to you children, brothers and sisters, grandchildren, relatives, and the children of Hajar of Nongjngi District.
As you know, there are some party workers who have left the Congress party, like Bah Lamphrang Blah MDC of Mawphlang who has left and lost the election. This is not a dispute within the party, in Mawryngkeng as well.
According to information received, the CrPF police who were on the road as soon as the vehicle of Mawphor arrived, bombed the vehicle and the staff of the newspaper.
However, the HNYF is pleased to express its confidence in the Police Department to do its duty without taking sides.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the CEM said that he has already sent the nominations and is now waiting for the approval of the Governor. The Lat shall appoint the EMs within the Executive Committee.
Those who wish to take advantage of this scheme must have reserved rooms and requirements that can be obtained from this department.
Therefore, we young people should wake up now and stand together to find out if it is too late.
Justice S. Vaidyanathan was sworn in as the new Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday.
The JAC has admitted that this overloading has caused the road to deteriorate along the way especially in the Narpuh District area, where the road has collapsed and caused serious problems and danger. to the extent of the public, especially the sick.
In fact, the party welcomes any development that comes in the heat and light for the livelihood of the indigenous people.
Police are conducting investigation to track down the perpetrators.
On the other hand, the Chairman of the RCSDDC said that according to the preparations, the Civil Sub Division should have been opened by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, but due to the meeting of the North Eastern Council, in Shillong where all the Governors and Chief Ministers of the North Eastern States will be present. The meeting will be chaired by Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh.
Regarding the collapse of the Dome, he said that nothing can be said yet as they have to hold a meeting tomorrow to discuss the issue, which will be attended by the construction department, a company from Delhi. The HPC has been given the drawing and they will talk to find out the reason because they have not completed the drawing they have received.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The Joint Action Committee Boundary of Meghalaya (JACBOM) today held a public meeting at Mawlasnai village to explain to the public their opposition to the government signed by the government in seven areas. places.
The relevant Ministries/Departments/Groups/States have been directed to follow up on the necessary measures relating to them.
HYC President Samla Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh said that the village has requested the Dorbar Shnong to help and the HYC gives its full support to the Dorbar Shnong and warned the company to bring the woman first. otherwise it will never be able to reopen the factory.
The Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly said that Table Tennis is the fastest sport even if it is played indoors because it requires a good explanation.
Police have also seized T.63,000 tyngka, two mobile phones and a vehicle number ML-05-J-5 police with the determination to fight against these illegal drugs.
He also spoke about the work of Swami Vivekanandana for the society and urged the disciples to spread his name and teachings.
The Deputy Commissioner said that she will take this task to discuss and revise the fare with the relevant authorities to consider the fare as it has been increased in which thep visitors.
After arresting him, it was learned that he was Faster Wahlong from Nongmynsong. Police said that at the time of his escape from Iew Polo, he was trying to detonate a petrol bomb.
The two-day conference included topics such as “Developing champions, equipping athletes, policies, collaboration, infrastructure, sustainable development of community and school through sports”. program", the use of technology in sports.
With the use of the authorities of the country, the Government of India has decided to ban the use of certain Apps, on mobile phones and other internet connected devices.
KSU Nongthymmai has also informed that students can call the KSU Nongthymmai leadership at 8730803769/8
They don't want Mawkyrwat to become one of the places where ethnic minorities live or where other ethnic groups come to invade the trade and income as happened in Shillong. border areas and other areas of Ri Khasi Jaintia.
His resignation from the PDF is because the constitution of the People Democratic Front (PDF) has been taken over from Assam, and one of the reasons is that it is not clear yet.
It is also recommended that those who will be trained at NESA are those who have reached the age of 18 years.
The petition also stated that the union has witnessed with its own eyes the presence of drug users in this area even in the morning.
Besides Ravi, other police officers have been promoted including Vivek Syiem (IPS) who used to hold SP, CID and has been promoted to Assistant Inspector General of Police (Law & Order).
There were also songs by the KJP Western Synod, the students of St Mary's School and the Sisters of Auxilium School Shillong.
BT Jyrwa said that all those in Meghalaya should speak out on this issue. The allegation as appeared on social media has insulted everyone including the Chief Minister, the MLAs, the MDCs and civil society organizations have been angered by the mothers who had to convene this meeting today.
The meeting concluded with the inauguration of the Office Bearers of Mawsynram Area Unit by Bah Ricky Thabah President of AMMRWU and urged and encouraged them to work hard from the beginning without delay so that all the achievements will be achieved. your purposes shall be successful and prosperous.
Referring to the theme of the celebration of the Special Day of Officers in the country which includes IAS, IPS, IFS MCS, MPC and SFS, the theme is “To improve the performance of officers according to the times”. new".
The Governor of Uttar Pradesh, Union Minister in charge of Agriculture, Shivraj Singh Chouhan, Yogi Adityanath, Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh and other Ministers from the Government of Uttar Pradesh.
This rule applies to all including the Khasi.
The group praised the initiatives of the state government to make the Viksit Bharat SankalpYatra a success even in the rural areas.
He said that the party will consider the Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) for the construction of the Shillong Medical College in Private Public Partnership (PPP) mode, whether it will benefit the state or not. education and employment.
At the same time, the SWS-East Jaintia Hills District urges all the residents of East Jaintia Hills District to cooperate in their respective capacities in the development of the to maintain peace and order, and also for the smooth running and struggle for a clean and fair election in the villages and in the East Jaintia Hills District as a whole.
Shillong, Naitung, 05: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) Jaintia Hills Unit has strongly criticized the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) for its silence in opening the website for the convenience of the people. to provide information on the schemes and activities of the Council.
He urged through the Chief Executive Members to urge the Seng Bhalang to stop the protests and to work together to strengthen the state through laws that can be enacted and implemented.
While my stomach is empty, I don't want to insult the people and I don't want to be blamed for eating the money of the people of Pynthorumkhrah,” said Samborlang.
Parekh was full of thoughts on how to start his own business and finally he got the opportunity to go to Germany and it was from Germany that he got the idea how to start his own business.
The union said that if the Assam government tries to place these demands of the Karbi Pnar Peace Committee within the border of Meghalaya, the union will not allow the Assam government to bring any of these demands. If this Committee wants an Out Post or these needs of the people, it should demand from Meghalaya itself.
We would like to inform you that the Assembly has a Privilege Committee, which our MLAs will take what they should take.
Consequently, concrete solutions emerge from these negotiations that bring benefits to the region and the country and this is a model for other zones.
Shillong, November 05: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today arrived in Delhi and will accept the resignation of Bah Comingone Ymbon as Minister of State.
Three cases from East Khasi Hills, 1 case from West Garo Hills District and 2 cases from West Garo Hills District have been confirmed today. number 14410 and number
Pappu Das, 31 years old, RZN01293 12, (SI.No 305) and Part No-46 (House No-68) is the son of Heminder Das. EPIC and Aadhaar in Pommura village although the Dorbar Shnong does not have knowledge and identity of this person.
The DC's office has issued an order that those who own fish ponds who wish to fish must seek permission from the District authorities and will be punished according to the rules of law.
Shillong, Lber 27: The Deputy Secretary of the Government of Meghalaya, A. Nikhla, MCS, has lodged a complaint with the Sardar Police Station alleging that there are two files. Those who have left the Secretariat and those file numbers are No.FOR.76/2
The body of the deceased was taken to the Civil Hospital for post mortem.
The KSU through this information declares that the selection process of the state government is very wrong, which violates the rights of the students who are not only Khasi but also non-tribals. those who live in the state and those who are rich and powerful.
The booklet, entitled 'Save Hynniewtrep Mission', was launched by the General Secretary, Bah Robertjube K Jahrin at the Shillong Press Club.
A dark cloud came over the party on the 08th June 2018, the day he passed away.
He said that the North East is rich in culture.
In the petrol bomb blast, the house caught fire but the fire was extinguished and the house was slightly damaged.
There was a dispute and we decided to leave the meeting and we said that if the police chief is still in the meeting, we will not talk, we will leave.
This is according to a statement sent by the General Secretary of the KSU, Mawkyrwat.
Earlier, members of FKJGP Shilong City informed the office bearers of Seng Samla Lawmali to witness the arrest of the drug traffickers and hand them over to the police.
There is still about 8 acres of land for the public to play. This land is not built for children's games and a playground. you will play in the National Games.
The Meghalaya College Teachers' Association (MCTA) has decided to boycott classes in the first semester as a sign of protest against the unfairness of the NEHU in relation to the admission of The National Education Police (NEP), 2020 has been implemented in the State.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The Voice of the People's Party (VPP) today demanded that the state government should implement the reservation policy according to the number of employees in the state.
The CoMSO does not want to have three laws to protect the jaidbynriew, it demands that the government should amend the MRSS Act by introducing these three provisions.
He said that the committee will meet tomorrow morning to discuss the bill and on the 10th of this month there will be a special session to pass the Amendment Bills. ) 2018 to ban this unclean marriage, those who have already fallen and accepted but from now on have to ban.
Kharpuri said the most important thing is that the EC should get back the money. When asked how the forest ranger could misuse this money, the EM said. saying that they still have to understand why this is happening.
This scheme has saved millions of people from respiratory diseases caused by the waste produced by using unclean cooking facilities.
To recall the ILP or Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation 1873 is an old issue that is still alive and well today.
On this occasion, Bless Dkhar, President of the HNYF East Khasi Hills, said that the reply they have received has come from the Commissioner.
Bless said the union's opposition to the construction of a new building in Them Iew Mawlong is because the area is still pending in the Meghalaya High Court as the state government is struggling to relocate the people. who lives in this place and goes to another place.
The dance performance at the Weiking Square has increased over the years with the number of dancers from all over the country.
Prosonto Basumatary, a policeman from Meghalaya, has been selected to be one of the participants of the national team. Meghalaya is the largest state in the world.
They shall not break their necks, nor shall they cover their mouths and heads with a cloth or with a tymbuit, if they do not have a cloth in their hands.
The KSU has demanded that a Government College should be set up in Mawryngkneng area because many of the students in the area come from poor families where their parents live by day labor and farming. The shortage of accommodation and admission fees has caused them a lot of trouble and if the government builds a Government College it will be a great opportunity and blessing for the students especially those who come from poor families.
The school has classes from KG to Class X and is the only school in West Khasi Hills to have this special curriculum.
To recall that more than 10 years ago the KSU demanded to change the name of Lady Hydari Park to Phan Nonglait Park. “The Park Lighthouse”.
Before giving the training, the physical education teacher gave a speech on yoga and praised the two groups for their efforts. She said that it is more common to hear that in these areas of Mawlai, they will conduct such a yoga training.
On this occasion, training was also given to the people in many areas on how to take care of themselves to avoid various diseases.
The CEM said that in fact according to the customs and traditions of the Khasi, women do not sit in the dorbar, only the elders sit in the dorbar. preserve the customs and traditions of the nation.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 27: Three leading wrestlers from Meghalaya have brought glory to Meghalaya after winning gold medals at the World Arm Wrestling Championship, which was held on The tournament was held in Chandigarh from 21st to 25th of this month at Gaurishankar, Punjab.
All these factories are located in East Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, Naiwieng 05: U General Secretary of the BJP Meghalaya, Nalin S. Kohli today welcomed four MDCs to the BJP party at a meeting held at Assembly Hotel Shillong in the presence of Bah Shibun Lyngdoh, President, State Unit.
Bah Rudy Warjri and Bah Raphael Warjri left to witness the work done for the welfare of the family along with the donation, encouragement and blessings to be successful. .
The holiday was given for the people of the state to allow them to vote on that day for the general election to the Parliament of India.
The KSU has questioned why the government doesn't know that coal is already available in the state and especially in East Jaintia. This shows that the government does not care about its own people.
We are afraid of this and want clarification and that the objective should always be for the people but not for the benefit of a few.
However, on 26th June, at about 4:00 pm, a security guard who was still on duty found Rudra Rabha hanging himself inside the Khanapara Police Station using a knife. In this regard, the Executive Magistrate sent by the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, said that the Executive Magistrate sent by the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District. The District has agreed to conduct an investigation in the presence of the Medical Officer who has recorded the incident on video.
With the ability of India to develop a vaccine against the disease, the credit goes to the Prime Minister of India for this great achievement. The first phase will now be given to the 28,000 health workers.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The residents of the border area and other villages after the closure of Aircel to provide services to the people have turned back to the old days. by sending a letter if there is no urgent matter for the purpose of informing the needs.
In Shillong, it was seen that around the places where there are pandals, people have been flocking to perform their religious rituals.
KAS held a meeting at St. Anthony's Auditorium Shillong in the presence of the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly today to take part in the celebration of the 81st death anniversary of Myllung. you nation.
“I don't condemn the gate collectors but I request them not to harass the Khasi people,” said Phrangkupar Sohtun, Secretary of CORP Shillong. Lyngkot 15: The JSU has been following up and demanding from the government since 2018 and has also met with the Minister of Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh to demand the inclusion of the JSU. Jaintia Hills District in the 39th National Games to be held in the state.
At this meeting, the people submitted a petition to the Prime Minister to urge the government to do something to solve this problem.
Do these researchers not see this ? It would be good for the MSPCB or the CAG to inspect the Lukha River during the blue sky, and we are ready to take them to these places where the Lukha and Lunar Rivers meet even if we have visited them many times. .
On the other hand, the residents of the area have expressed their appreciation for the initiative of this young man to fight to improve the road according to his ability.
Shillong, Nailar 21: Total 57 cases of COVID-19 have been tested in the state today, of which 52 cases are civilians, 4 cases are from the Army and 3 cases are from the BSF. In East Khasi Hills, 33 cases, 2 cases from Army and 31 cases from civilians, West Garo Hills 3 cases from BSF, 1 case from Ri Bhoi, 1 case from West Jaintia Hills. 2 civilians and West Khasi Hills 17 civilians.
“The Dibang Dam will be the tallest in India,” he said, handing over the bridge and the longest dam to the North East.
It is on this issue that the Dorbar Ki Khlieh Nongsynshar has invited the Presidents of all the National and State political parties in the state to express their position on the rights of the jaidbynriew.
The swearing-in ceremony was held at the Secretariat by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Roshan Warjri.
All school principals have been directed to ensure that the doors of schools are locked tightly to ensure that there is no danger during this storm. Computer equipment should be kept in safe places.
The number of cases of Covid19 in India has started to decline.
It is said that the gold of this mother and sister don't even have the money.
The International Tourism Mart is an annual program conducted by the Ministry of Tourism of the Government of India in all the states of the North East.
The meeting was attended by officials of NHIDCL and NHAI. The roads from Tura to Dalu, Baghmara, Moheshkola to Ranikor, NH-62 and Shillong Police.
The program began with the National Anthem and was followed by the lighting of the candle and the Khasi song “Ka por Tamasha” sung by the teachers of Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda Cultural Centre.
Shillong, Naitung 16: There are 35 new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 7 cases in Ri Bhoi, 2 cases in South West Garo Hills and 2 cases in West Garo Hills. 22, West Khasi Hills 1.
He said that even after 45 years of independence, there are many villages which have to walk 4 to 5 hours to reach the markets or blocks.
The HYC also demanded the establishment of Fast Track Courts to expedite the disposal of NDPS cases and the implementation of the PIT-NDPS Act.
The Federation also requests all the civil society organizations in the state to support us people with disabilities in this strike and we hope that their participation, it will give you spirit.
Governments around the world have immediately implemented a lockdown as part of the efforts to curb the spread of the disease which has killed thousands of people.
The party prays that the Lord will grant you eternal peace.
The body of the cowboy was handed over to the Assam Police for further investigation.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: A man has died on Saturday morning when he collided with a car on the Shillong-Guwahati highway at 15 mer.
The visit will be to seek financial support for the sending of athletes from Meghalaya to the 3rd NEOG which will be held from 18th to 23rd October 2024 in Nagaland.
This is the reason why the people took to the streets in those days to express their grief over this issue where the previous Governments have suspended this work until this moment and They urged the present Government to take action to remove these illegal immigrants from the Metor Iew Mawlong.
The General Secretary of the HYC, Bah Robert K Jahrin, said that the HYC is against the Meghalaya Safety and Security Bill, which has now become a law from the beginning. The Select Committee, which discussed the Bill before passing it into law, said that it is not a law and that it has allowed the infiltration of mynder into the state. On the other hand, MLAs Dr Jemino Mawthoh, Embhahlang Syimelieh, Ardent M Basaiawmoit and John Leslee K Sangma said that the Bill has nothing to do with the prevention of illegal immigration. who has a bar.
The event will be held on the 10th of this month in Shillong. The event will be held at 11.30 pm on the 10th of this month. month.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that two cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in the state. .
Before the distribution of school copies to the students, a meeting was held in which Bah Shemphang L. Mawphlang, Vice President, KSU CEC was the chief guest.
He assured all assistance from the Central Government.
She said that there are also parents who say that they do not allow the marriage of the woman.
It is also prohibited to post posters or write any articles related to the mid-term elections in government buildings or government buildings.
To deal with this problem associated with tobacco use, India has taken a number of steps to test cigarettes to determine the constituents present in them.
Therefore, what is the point of registering up to three places and the question is why the laws created by the KHADC are in front of the Indian Constitution, because if it cannot protect the rights of the Hima, it is terrible. and it threatens the future of the Khasi Hills.
On the other hand, the BSF troops as of now seem to be working only with one hand because they have not been allowed to use sticks. their lathi only if they are bombed by the smugglers.
Also present on the occasion were the Deputy Superintendent of Police, Bah H.Kharkongor, the Chief Minister of Nongkhlaw Hima, Bah KM Syiemlieh, the Principal of Synod College, Shillong, Bah Dr.RM Lyngdoh, government employees, members of the Kur Syiemlieh, village leaders, teachers, students and the people of the area.
“We will not take responsibility for the smooth running of the Polling Stations and we will leave it to the Government to do whatever it wants but the village is not responsible.
However, with the introduction of GST and increased income, revenue collection in the state has gradually increased.
In her speech, Dr. Ampareen thanked the Fanwar Faith INC and other groups who have worked together to provide this assistance to the people of the area and thanked the Mawsor Kur for donating the land to Fanwar. Faith INC to establish a school.
At present, DoNER spends only about T.3,000 crore but this year through the PM-DevINE Scheme, it has been increased to T.6,000 crore,” he said. “What I mean is that the Government of India has understood that we can do well but there are still challenges here and there and I hope that we will move to another stage where the budget will be more and the NEC also needs more (money)," he said.
Speaking on the occasion were Gilbert Nongrum, Fabian Lyngdoh, Sunmoon Marak, Dr. Saralyn Dorphang, and other party leaders. Hundreds of TMC supporters attended the ceremony. to this meeting.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: The Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) today informed all the residents of Sweepers Colony Mawlong Hat to respond to the Sweepers Colony Mawlong Hat. office from 03rd July to 03rd November
Commander Shangpliang and Nicholas Lemtor Kharkongor were selected to take part in the festival. However, due to the withdrawal of Nicholas, the media department has called a meeting. I don't choose to replace you.
Synrem said that NEIGRIHMS has a College of Nursing for M.Sc Nursing and B.Sc Nursing courses with 10 and 50 seats respectively.
Police on 16/7/2023 arrested two drug traffickers from Manipur in a tourist taxi, Hohoi Lhanghal 197.35 grams of heroin were seized from Ling Hoakip, 40 years old.
They are (1) Angika, (2) Banjara, (3) Bazika, (4) Bhojpuri, (5) Bhoti, (6) Bhotia, (7) Bundelkhandi, (8) Chhattisgarhi, (9) Dhatki, (10) ) English, (11) Garhwali (Hill), (12) Gondi, (13) Gujjar/Gujjar (14) Ho, (15) Kachchi, (16) Kamtapuri, (17) Karbi, (18) Khasi, (19) Kodava (Coorg), (20) Kok Barak, (21) Kumaoni (Hill), (22) Kurak, (23) Kurmali, (24) Lepcha, (25) Limbu, (26) Mizo (Lushai), (27) Magahi, (28) Mundari, (29) Nagpuri, (30) Nicobarese, (31) Hill (Himachali), (32) Pali, (33) Rajasthani, (34) Sambalpuri/Kosali, (35) Shaurseni (Prakrit), (36) Siraiki, (37) Tenyidi and (38) Tulu.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: The Deputy Inspector General of the Border Security Force, D.Haokip, on Tuesday said that there are no more North Eastern insurgents in Bangladesh, but the insurgents from this area are still with them. shah and those in your household.
Answering additional questions, the Minister said that the death toll from African Swine Fever in Ri Bhoi District has risen to 760, and the death toll has also been in other districts. the state.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Samuel Jyrwa Chairman of NESO, said that the central government has treated the North East unfairly.
This is a new book written after the creation of four new districts in the state.
The ban on shyiap harvesting is in all rivers within the District as this will affect the environment.
Manipur, Assam and Sikkim are in the first group while Mizoram, Meghalaya and Arunachal Pradesh are in the second group.
All the shops in the area were destroyed, including jhur shops, jain shops. The cause of the fire is believed to have been caused by an electrical fault.
The National Green Tribunal (NGT) has dissolved the committee appointed on 9th June and appointed a new one on 1st August.
However, what is needed is to have clear guidelines for all government departments to work together to address the health issues.
no.9856760256, Banking Corporation Ph.
Shandame Sungoh said that the Forum demands that the government should resolve these issues which the people in these areas are facing.
On the other hand, the NPP has no regrets over this defeat as the people wanted to get a new leader.
In his speech, Bah Allan said that the time has come to give jobs to the government is just a dream. He said that he has now been able to employ 20 people. many countries have clearly no longer trusted government jobs and now they have proved that.
The committee expects the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma to be the chief guest and hopes that many people from outside the state will also attend. this is the joy.
“If the land in Kalibari is taken away, you should understand that you are the ones who should get the land,” said the KSU leader. and Resilience (MPOWER) – Planning, Investment, Promotion and Sustainable Development Department , The Department of Education, Information Technology & Communication (IT&C) Department, Meghalaya State Skills Development Society, Government of Meghalaya has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the 1M1B Foundation (One Million for One Billion) to setup the state’s 1st and India’s 2nd Green Skills Academy in Shillong to accelerate the adoption of green skills amongst the college youth in the state of Meghalaya.
He said that journalists who understand the impact of their news, understand the needs of children and believe in writing the right news and respect the rights of children and so they are really the defenders of children’s rights.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: Unidentified persons have left to build shops with wood along Bivar Road, which climbs from Polo and leaves in front of the residence of the Chief Secretary of the Bivar Road. state of Meghalaya.
With the arrival of this company, it will greatly assist the state in the generation of electricity.
They also discussed the plight of journalists in Manipur where many have to work under the threat of insurgents but now people have started speaking out against the insurgency and the recent march. in Dimapur she said what the people felt.
Speaking on the occasion, the Rangbah Shnong of Jaiaw Village said that the youth of Jaiaw Village should look after the road like this youth has done, not to fall into the evils of him. alcoholic beverages especially drugs.
The state government will assist the company in acquiring land and the company will bear all the cost of construction.
In the last meeting, the government has presented the reasons and has also mentioned the 52 laws in the fight against the illegal entry of foreigners.
Sholllong, March 5: The Air Force (AAF) has held an Air Festival at 7 mer Shillong today to mark the 81st Anniversary of the Indian Air Force.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Titosstarwell Chyne today said that a meeting of all the Autonomous District Councils will be convened soon to express their opposition to some of the amendments to the Parliamentary Standing. Committee on District Councils.
Speaking to SP News Agency, he said that the damage has affected Umpher village, St Jude School, the fire department has sent vehicles to help clean up the school. and to this day they are still cleansing this place.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Renew Kharmulieh, Rangbah Wahshnong. Other speakers included Bah Ephring Kharmylliem, Rangbah Pdeng Shnong, Bah Drop Nomngpluh, Sordar. Shonroy Rynjah, Secretary Laitkyrhong Village, Nobenstar Nonglyer, Rangbah Nongshiliang Village and Elisha Kharmylliem, one of the leading women of Wahshnong.
At the meeting on 8/7/19, the union demanded that he should provide the necessary documents within 5 days.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The KHNAM on Tuesday confirmed the office bearers of the Mawlynrei unit.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: Residents of the market today have been shocked by the sudden earthquake on Friday at about 3 pm, which has caused a lot of shock especially to those who are in the houses. dulan is long.
Hek replied in the House that the government will implement the Medical College in Tura.
During the meeting, they also discussed the problems that have arisen from the inadequate work of the government.
On the other hand, Dr Azad said the NRC has not accepted the documents submitted by the women of Meghalaya who were born in Assam.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: U Symbut Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong today said that the government has decided to pay for the railway fare for those who will return home from different states of India. .
Speaking on the hard work of the health workers including the ASHAs since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic and until today, Bah Metbah said that the ASHAs are the rishot of the Ministry of Health.
Another policeman, Donboklang Jana, was injured in the shooting and was taken to Guwahati for treatment.
Jowai, Iaiong 03: The KSU Saphai Unit has appointed new office bearers for the next three years on 31/03/2 in the Dorbar Hall of Saphai.
Bull was appointed Disciplinary Secretary of the party during the time of Mike.
“The employees of the Aadhaar Enrollment Centers should be given strict instructions to be vigilant in checking the people and their documents before registering their Aadhaar names and that if they find any “Those who don't trust us should stop introducing such people and immediately inform the District Authorities to take the necessary action,” said Bah Dkhar.
Other Ministers who attended the function included Prestone Tynsong, Roshan Warjri, Ampareen Lyngdoh, Clement Marak, Chief Secretary KS Kropha and many other government officials.
A total of 3,59,361 students have been trained through Technology Centers and other MSME training centres. Awareness programs and workshops have been conducted across the country for MSME stakeholders and to bring all MSME employers under one platform. .
She praised India's democracy and the way it conducts the world's largest elections.
Jowai, Jymmang 24: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) through its President Jersom Shylla and General Secretary Treiborlang R Suchen on Tuesday said that they strongly request the DC of West Jaintia Hills District. Hills District to extend the curfew imposed in Jaintia Hills.
Participants include Sub Junior, Junior, Cadet and Senior.
Shillong, January 11: Two robbers have stabbed Bah Edwin Lyngdoh Mawphlang, 33, at Iewduh on Tuesday at 10.30 pm. at NEIGRIHMS Hospital.
With this victory, Conrad has replaced his father Purna A Sangma who has led the people of the area for many years.
Speaking to SP News Agency, MLA Justine Dkhar said that he has already discussed the issue with the Minister of Road Construction, Bah Sngewbhalang Dhar. Speaking on the occasion, Bah Dhar said that this road belongs to the NHAI. On the other hand, the people want the government to build this road so that the night curfew will continue. always as if it had been fixed.
Among other things, the Mahotsav will also feature traditional dances such as Wangala from Meghalaya, Mungwanta from Nagaland, Bamboo Dance from Mizoram, Bihu from Assam, and singing by the Tetseo Sisters and Shankuraj Konwar.
In the summons, the police have also laid down many conditions, including that they should not create any more trouble in the future.
Balnas Sangma also faced Goa's Nikhil Gaonkar in the 67-71kg light middleweight bout.
They do not provide health care to people.
Nartiang Unit was led by Banjop Raliang and Namdong Unit was led by Shanbor War.
The GNLA cadre came to surrender at 10 pm today.
Speaking to reporters, MDA Chairman Conrad Sangma said it is the responsibility of the parties to replace the ministers in the government. share that was given to them.
This is the only way we look forward to starting anew once again.
To protest against this proposal of the Union Government, the Union today held this protest, as the Union Minister has already replied in Parliament that this matter is now within the Cabinet. to make a decision.
Shillong, March 24: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Isawanda Laloo today issued a notice that due to the storm and the IMD has said that heavy rainfall will continue and all schools have been ordered to close. to close on 25/10/2
Therefore, there is evidence according to modern science to confirm the legend of Sohpetbneng in which it is believed that the Hynniewtrep people came down from heaven from the tangnub tangjri through the golden bridge of Lum Sohpetbneng.
During the heavy rainfall, it was also reported that there was a landslide on the Mawshamok road from Sohra to Laitkynsew and Shella.
The United Democratic Alliance (UDA) was formed and the MDCs elected Teinwell Dkhar of the UDP as the CEM candidate and Pynshngianglang Syiem as the Chairman candidate. The NPP led by Prestone Tynsong, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, while the UDP led by the party president, Dr Donkupar, said that the meeting was attended by the Chief Minister. Also present were Renikton Tongkhar of the HSPDP, private members Latiplang Kharkongor and Lambor Malngiang.
Shillong, November 01: With the loss of lives and loss of houses due to the light in Lyniong Hima today, the people of Lyniong Hima today donated assistance to solve the problems. which they are the households have met.
“Therefore, the KSU sends a clear message to the Government of India that it should take immediate action to restore peace and order in Manipur,” he added.
“His passing away has been a great loss to the entire Khasi community,” said Bah Khongsit.
“What is the point of banning the movement from one district to another if the government is still inviting foreign workers to come especially at this time when we are not sure where it will lead”.
“Our Government is committed to introducing new approaches and policies to create a self-sufficient India.
While they were returning from the scene, suspected militants seized their vehicle at Machanpani, near Dalu.
There are many things that are useful and should not be overdone by drama and this has attracted the attention of the courts, not only the High Court, before there was only a branch now there is a court. In fact, now other groups are also on the wrong side and this has further confused, in politics many are not yet mature.
This song was composed and written by the President of the party Bah Niman.
Bah Donkupar Sumer as the Chief Guest, opened the sports tournament by raising the flag of the school and singing the school's anthem. the school.
Jowai, Naitung 24: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) and the Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) have joined the list of 13 political parties to demand the implementation of the ILP in the state. They expressed their deep concern over the emergence of conflict among the Sengbhalang and especially over the allegations against the indigenous people of the State.
Restaurants, tea shops, liquor shops, food shops, all these shops will close at 9.00 pm.
The Union Minister in charge of DoNER, G Kishan Reddy has praised the initiative of the Government of India for introducing the Edible Palm Oil scheme which will bring many benefits to the farmers and which growth will come to the area.
The meeting was concluded with a welcome speech by the General Secretary of the party, Samla Nida Wanbiang Pasi.
The tree planting was led by the Director of the Police Training Centre, DR Doley Barman, IPS, Director NEPA. .
The Dorbar Shnong has also decided to temporarily ban even locals and people from the area from visiting these tourist spots within its boundary. Village Council.
The first round we have already held a Peace Rally and the second round is to continue from 27th November, 2033, the ASHAs have decided to sit in front of the Secretariat Office indefinitely.
Those who came to take part were from the young to the young.
He also suggested to see whether it is possible to deliver the medicines to the homes of the patients to avoid overcrowding at the pharmacies.
We have to convene a Joint Action Committee in all the schools and colleges in the state to discuss this issue. as students we need and what we deserve.
LotsingSangmana East Garo Hills District spoke about the support of the Government which has enabled him to expand his sohtrun business where he has earned more money.
According to the information received, it is understood that these three persons who tested positive were together and it is confirmed that one of them is from the finance department.
They also handed over a 9mm pistol, a carbine, a magazine, four unused bullets, a homemade knife and 63 demand letters.
On the other hand, CEC Joti in the presence of two Election Commissioners, Sunil Arora and Om Prakash Rawat, said that for the upcoming elections in Meghalaya, the Commission has The Income Tax Department has been directed to wait at the two airports in Guwahati and Umroi to check the arrival of the money.
At the meeting held today, no candidate could be decided due to the absence of all the political parties.
The Federation of Khasi States sends its condolences to the family of (L) Bah L Hynniewta, Sohra.
The Executive Members of the Executive Committee of Bah Awhoi Andrew Shullai who received the approval of the Governor are Bah Kilometre Lyntan as Deputy CEM, and the EMs are Bah Lamdibok Sumer, Bah Philip Tangliang, Bah Desous Pohshna, Holando Lamin, Phasmon Dkhar, Wining G Syngoh, Hermon Phawa, Hopingstone Bareh and Suklang Shylla.
When asked about his interests in filmmaking, writing and as an actor, Shetty said, “Filmmaking is my first passion.
The Seng also hopes that the State Government under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma will take action soon to include the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
This is the ninth time that the exercise has been held between the two countries and the first time that it has been held at the Umroi Army Headquarters. on the 11th of this month within the Red Horn.
The two MLA candidates who were expelled from the party on Saturday were Avner M. Pariat from East Shillong, Shanlang Warjri from Mairang and Kherup Singh. Thabah is the Chief Executive Member of Mairang Constituency.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Ri Bhoi District, after seeing the number of cases of COVID-19, has decided to conduct this test for the people in Ri Bhoi District. villages to ensure that this disease does not spread.
Shillong, November 01: The Border Security Force (BSF) today celebrated its 54th Anniversary since its inception in
Specialized schemes include Ayushman Bharat, PM Garib Kalyan Anna Yojana, PM Swanidhibad PM Awas Yojana, among others.
SC Muktiar Raj Panjwani said the NGT's decision to dissolve the old committee and form a new one was appropriate.
In this regard, he has sent a letter to the Central Government to allow Meghalaya to use only 10% of the forests for the improvement of private forests.
This road connects to NH-16 near Saphai village on the border with Assam. This road is 46.982 km long but the improvement and expansion of this road will be only 26.982 km and the money has been allocated from the scheme. Meghalaya Integrated Transport Project.
Commander Shangpliang said the meeting also decided to allow the farmers to sell their produce until 2 pm.
The 100th Anniversary Celebration will be held on this Lord's Day, 11th June, 2014, where the Church has also prepared its Theme, “Long ka Mon jong Me”.
Electrical carrying capacity should be arranged in older facilities designed prior to the implementation of regulations relating to fire safetyA detailed guide is also provided outlining the steps to hospitals should take to ensure fire safety.
The Seng would like to remind the Government that until now they have seen that the rapid spread of this disease in many parts of India has not stopped and especially from States like Assam, West Bengal and others, which are the Many of the Nongwan bylla in this State have come to work.
MPCC President Vincent H Pala has said that the Congress party will not cooperate with anyone and will go alone in the elections because it is unpredictable. have been informed.
On this occasion, it was also decided to appoint a Permanent Education Recruitment Board.
When inquired by the SP News Agency, the police at Mawiongrim said that they have seized the jhur trucks in the area on the orders of the Deputy. Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: The Awaken India Movement (AIM) today held a public meeting in Motphran to demand that the government should not force the people to vote freely.
“In our investigation, we have found that there are three cases pending in the District Judge's Court, Shillong regarding the Eviction Notices issued to three persons, who live in the house of land (about 200 to 500 sq.ft.
At this public meeting, the Chief Minister acknowledged that East Jaintia Hills District does not have a government college or a government higher secondary school.
According to the NGT order issued on 17.09.2018, a Rejuvenation Committee was appointed on 24.01.2029 and this committee has prepared measures to protect these nine rivers which are too polluted compared to others.
You are the son of John Kharshiing.
The Government will send a letter to the Central Government's Information Department as it can elect people according to their wishes. The State Government Information Department will discuss this but it will be according to the rules you have set.
Shillong, Naitung 07: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills District Unit (KSU JHDU) takes this opportunity to wish you a Happy New Year. u Hynniewtrep Hynniewtrep.
The basis on which the government stands to work will be in the open without any secrecy and this will also be the work of the government in the future, he said.
Satish Kumar Kalra, MD and CEO of NESFB, said that he respects the talents of the youth of this area and they have the government's special opportunity to work in jobs according to their goals. This is the goal they will implement in the next five years.
In another step, the Prime Minister will inaugurate the Prime Minister's Women's Drone Centre.
According to him, the Meghalaya Government has requested the Assam Government to take action to drop the ejahar filed against the four residents in connection with the demolition of the foundation stone according to the order of the Assam Government. The Government has also promised to take strong action against illegal revenue collection within the border of Meghalaya.
I am proud of the talent of the jaidbynriew and such cannot be hidden and on this special day of the 159th death anniversary of Kiang Nangbah to launch this Almanac compiled by him. Peter the Revelator.
“In Mawlai, we have never had an MLA like this who builds a good road only in the papers while if you walk on the VIP road, you will find that it should not be called a road because of its bad condition. said Mr. Morris.
Referring to the impact of Covid 19 on the tourism industry, the participants of this e-symposium discussed the need to bring peace among those involved in the tourism industry and to empower them so that they are ready to resume their activities.
The terms of reference of the committee is to take decisions on the implementation of the Reservation Roster and to submit a report to the State Government within 15 days from the date of establishment of the committee.
However, the sahep said that the office intends to do so but no equipment has been provided to do so and he promised to do so soon.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: According to the order issued by the State Government, No.75/2020/Pt1/84, Dt.2.02.2021 and in the media, the number of people in the areas 75%, therefore, the Ascension of the Khasi-Khara on the 7th June 2021 of the Khasi-Khara Traditional Religion, will be exactly as permitted by the government.
After unloading the goods from the vehicles, they leave them until the owners load the goods back into the vehicle and this causes a huge loss to the people.
Shillong, July 01: Air Marshal RK Jolly today took over as Air Officer Commander-in-Chief of the Eastern Air Command, IAF. Jolly holds a Gold Medalist (BA) from Delhi University and is an alumnus of the National Defense Academy and Defense Services Staff College, Air Marshal RK. Jolly joined the Air Force in 1975.
What will happen to the students of this college, who will be responsible for the future of these students, will the Cantonment Board be responsible, or will the state government be responsible? The KSU expresses its strong opposition to this violence against the education institutions who have made a great contribution to the development of education.
The Government has appointed these teachers known as 'Fourth Teachers' in Upper Primary Schools with a large number of students. The number of these teachers in schools is less than 1000 in the state.
Regarding these strange rules, the union would like to make it clear that this is not the responsibility of the Food and Safety Department, but these strange rules clearly show that the state government has received a directive from the central government to hide the meat that we the indigenous people eat from the beginning only for the honor of foreigners who do not eat pork or beef and this is an insult to the indigenous people.
However, the EC will soon hold a meeting to resolve the shortcomings and get them submitted again. They also urged the Lad to approve the Clan Bills.
How people from all over Jaintia Hills have to travel to Shangpung for small jobs.
In a statement sent by the Public Relations Officer of NEHU, Dr. Davidson Pyngrope, the Committee has decided to send a letter to the Campus Director of NEHU Tura Campus, to explain if it cannot be identified immediately. Therefore, the University may take strict measures in accordance with the rules of the University Grants Commission (UGC).
Since the outbreak in the last two years, 93827 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in Meghalaya, 92233 have recovered and 1593 have died.
The Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare expressed his gratitude to the pharmaceutical companies and said that so far there has been no shortage of medicines or medical supplies.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, on Tuesday said that the MHIS scheme is still in place and the government has not suspended the scheme.
After the meeting, the Governor extended his special greetings to the Indian Army and especially to the Area 101 Army in Shillong.
He said that if the department comes forward, the union is ready to cooperate to verify the trading license and labor license. .
The party's song “Jingshai Mombati” was also released on the occasion.
The meeting was conducted by KSU General Secretary Benison Kamar.
"This will further enhance the success of the G-20," he said.
The group has also learned that the company GVK has done many unacceptable things.
Shillong, Naitung 10: The Chief Executive Member of Jaintia Hills District Council, Bah Thombor Shiwat today brought a resolution in the Legislative Assembly against the Uniform Civil Code.
“Such a great Mahayagyaka is successful only when there is SabkaPrayas (the vision of all) and SabkaVishwas (the faith of all),” he said.
I would like to extend my special congratulations to the young students who have come forward in their studies after hard work and have reaped the fruits of success in which they have received today's recognition by being honoured. ", said Bah Tabor.
The government has tried to comply with the MHA rules to burn at the government crematorium in Jalupara but due to the opposition of the people it had to be stopped.
Answering questions, the Chief Minister said that the government does not reject what the Governor wants and this is the usual practice from time to time.
Jadav Payeng's decision to plant trees in a 300 hectare forest in Majuli district of Assam and Sange Sherpa's hard work for environmental protection at an altitude of 12,000 feet in Sikkim are some examples. encourage.
and Dn.
All the states of the North East are celebrating the North East Festival as part of the Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav (AKAM) which started on 28th June and will continue till 4th June. u January.
The NPP and BJP members are from the two constituencies of South Tura and North Tura Constituency Assembly who joined the AITC party before the MP elections.
“The reason for this is because there has been no attempt in the past,” he said, “what Shekil Ahamed has shown, but what he wants to show is that the government of India, the government of Meghalaya wants to Don't be afraid of Bangladesh.
The Chief Minister, Symbut, said this on the statement of Mawlai MLA Bah PT Sawkmie that the government should allow the MLAs to help the people through the MLA scheme at such a time when the people are suffering from the MLA scheme. They are facing difficulties in the fight against COVID-1
In an interview with Moneycontrol, Modi also shared his vision for India's global prominence and geopolitical challenges, the focus of trusted groups around the world.
Police have registered a complaint at Patahrkhmah Police Station under section 01(2)2024 under section 302 of the IPC. suspected involvement in the murder of the child.
He said that the Legislative Assembly of the State has taken a resolution on 27th November 2018 to demand from the Central Government to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India and on 19th November The Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation Act 1873 has been implemented in the state.
At this meeting, the participants gave their opinions to the committee.
Your cooperation also expresses a strong voice to the NDA Government under the leadership of the BJP that as a nation we strongly oppose this plot of theirs to destroy us the poor.
This announcement will come into force immediately. The office has received information that there are people who are mining Mawshun who have been employed by heavy authorities in this area and this is against the decision of the Mawshun. The Meghalaya High Court has no jurisdiction.
Police have arrested Arms Branch Constable Meytush Sangma No. 289 and Arms Branch Constable No. 2460 Bah Sanborlang Shylla.
Shillong, November 14: Four MLAs have joined the BJP today after resigning from the post of MLA. They were Himalaya M Shangpliang, Bendic R Marak, Ferlin CA Sangma and Samuel M Sangma. They were welcomed at the party office in Delhi.
The Chief Secretary has directed all the Deputy Commissioners to submit a proper report. At this meeting, the Additional Chief Secretary in charge of Revenue and Disaster Management Department has submitted a summary report. in connection with this damage in connection with the loss of houses.
Rev Basaiawmoit said the time has come to bring about political change in the state and the people of Shillong have done it.
I was sent to this office by the people.
At present, the department is still sleeping soundly and has never been seen to arrest drugs except from the civil society and the village authorities who used to be the monitors of the drug trafficking in the area. The letter was signed by Forwardman Nongrem President KSU and Pauldeep Tongwah President Seng Samla Shnong.
Applications can be obtained from the office of the District Planning Officer, Khliehriat.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh expressed his pleasure to take part in this program and congratulated all, including the government employees, Rangbah Shnong, members of various Village Organizations (VOs) and SHGs who participated actively to make the SHG Mela and Health Camp a success.
Only students who have discipline will improve in their studies and purpose in life.
iii) the need to urgently amend the SC & ST (Amendment) Act 1976, vii) the suspension of the decisions of the Meghalaya Assembly to date.
He urged the police to ensure the safety of women by ensuring that women can work without any fear 'at any time or in any place' which is essential for people to have a positive impression of the police.
He said that the state still has many areas that need development works as West Khasi Hills is a large area and there are still many areas that need development works under the leadership of the Chief Minister. to create this new District.
The HYC calls upon all of you now that the time demands the unity and cooperation of all to resolve this issue, the cooperation of all is needed at this time.
On the same day, the Commission also met with the political parties to discuss with them regarding the estimates of the expenditure for the election.
Advisors of the All Ribhoi Garo Headmen Association (ARGHA) Nickel R. Marak and Serimina Marak said that they have informed the Chief Minister Conrad K. Sangma about this. Protest against the appointment of Rangbah Shnong by Garo in the Garo villages in Raid Marwet.
At present, it is in the midst of discussions with the leaders and the government. It has been informed to the government that they are ready to comply with all the rules and regulations laid down by the government and at the same time to protect, at the same time, it is very difficult for them to correct.
No one was injured in the shooting.
He said it was the cooperation of all the members and the skills of the Speaker that the 17th LokSabha was 97% successful.
New Delhi, Jymmang 18: The Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI) has directed soybean traders and employees and food business operators (FBOs) working in soybean production facilities to They should follow the ban on the use of calcium carbide to speed up the harvest of soh khatam during this harvest season.
Speaking to media, the president of the group, Bah Napoleon Mawphniang, said that according to the law, those who work as day laborers for more than 10 years should be recognized as papura workers. those who have worked for 30 years have not received it.
On 27th November 2021, he was urged to allow the Riewlum to take over the post of General Secretary in the MSOA office. He said that the MSOA through the Minister of Sports will discuss this issue.
The Chairman of the Estimate Committee of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Bah Mayralborn Syiem, also presented the report from Meghalaya.
He said that Ri Bhoi District has now improved in all aspects.
He said that the purpose of the People's Assembly is to show the country as a whole that the Khaddar rule in the state is a democratic rule without political parties.
The union suspects that this action of the Rangbah Shnong may have been after he learned that the union has already requested RTI on the implementation of NREGS in Myntriang from Saipung Block in the past few months.
Shillong, Naitung 03: Members of the KSU Shillong Mihngi Circle today visited the pharmacies to meet with the patients. The North East Institute of Ayurveda and Homeopathy (NEIAH) has filed a complaint against the director of the university for forcibly recruiting a woman from Uttar Pradesh as a temporary employee.
For 70 years now, governments have tried to do something about this but it has not succeeded and when it has not succeeded, we need to think again how to do what is necessary.
“Referring to the need for full action for Digital India, the Prime Minister explained that “we are focusing on four Rishots, in four directions at the same time.
In Riangdo, he was born in Mawshynrut Circle.
To provide relief to the people in the area, the police have also set up a police station in Mindigre, an area which has been severely affected by the insurgency.
Speaking on the occasion, u Shongknor said that to fight against COVID-19, it is not only the government but the cooperation of all the people. citizens who have no responsibility for themselves.
The President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council, Bah Roikupar Synrem, said, “The State Government should not only borrow money from the Central Government but should use the Contingency Fund to pay. “The HYC supports the decision of the students to give 10 days to the State Government and if the Government does not take action on this, the HYC will support the decision of the students to give 10 days to the State Government. it will take other steps.
Shillong, July 23: The KSU Upper Shillong Circle on 22nd July 2022 celebrated its two years anniversary by building a bread shop. in the Village of Pomcail.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Pynshngiang Syiem today sent a letter to the Home Minister of India, Amit Shah requesting him to meet him to discuss the issue. on the Citizenship Amendment Bill as he called a meeting today.
Shillong, March 6: The final of the Red Ribbon Super Star Campaign-Meghalaya Icon VI will be held on Saturday at Madan Malki at 12 noon.
He said that Yoga should be a part of our healthy and consistent lifestyle.
"He said that at the beginning (of the conversation) there was one of the police chiefs who spoke harshly.
The meeting was conducted by Shri Salseng C Marak, MLA, Chairman, MSPB.
On the other hand, the Chief Secretary said that the government has taken all necessary measures to ensure that there will be no delay in the delivery of money to the people during this time of change.
The existence of this by pass road has helped a lot to the heavy vehicles traveling from Silchar to Guwahati, as they no longer need to enter through Jowai as before. Firmly Rymbai General Secretary of JYF Sengkmie said that the traffic police should be more strict in their work, so that they can have a better opportunity to monitor the orderly movement of small commercial vehicles in Jowai.
He expressed the hope that this university will train the youth to become people who can leave the country. He congratulated the school for its continued growth in the coming days.
Police said that Roi committed suicide by stabbing himself inside the jail.
He said that in that book it was written that there were nine Mawkpep or Mawbah. He said that he went to that place but he could not reach all the Mawkpep. three.
He said that in the meeting and discussion with the youths, the main reason why they have become addicted to such drinks is because of the demand for home and to follow their friends.
(NEEPCO) Shillong, North Eastern Region Agriculture Marketing Corporation (NERAMC) Guwahati, North Eastern Regional Institute of Science and  Technology (NERIST) Itanagar, Regional Institute of Paramedical and Nursing Sciences (RIPNS) Aizawl, North Eastern Regional Institute of Land and Water and Water Management (NERIWLM) Tezpur, ka Lokpriya Gopinath Bordoloi Regional Institute of Mental Health (LGBRIMH), Tezpur, North Eastern Space Application Center (NESAC) Shillong,  Bhubaneswar Borooah Cancer Institute (Regional Dental College (BBCIRD) NNC Guwahati)RNC Regional, Guwahati Guwahati, Regional Institute of Pharmaceutical Science and Technology (RIPST) Agartala and Cane and  Bamboo Technology Center (CBTC) at Guwahati.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare, Kitlangmiki Syngkong said that during the meeting, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare has made it clear that no two There are 10 doctors as requested but one will be appointed.
Shillong, July 02: The Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) today announced the appointment of Idashisha Nongrang IPS as Director General, Civil. Defense bad Home Guard.
Therefore, the Forum demands that the District authorities of West Jaintia Hills District and the State Government should take immediate action on this issue.
There are 122 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 63 from West Jaintia Hills and 34 from West Jaintia Hills. There are 80134 people.
Not only that, the police have taken the Khasi youth for trial and asked the court to authorize him to remand in the custody of the police for further investigation. On Saturday, police released the Khasi youth after the testimony of one of the foreign youths who was shot dead on Friday last month. The Khasi youth is not the one who took part in the attack or assault against him.
In fact, the word “Indian” has not been used in its report on the subject.
They were also elected as the Executive Members.
On Saturday, the Chief Minister said at a public meeting to open the two-day festival to attract tourists at Rongma Gitil that out of this amount of T.300 crore, T.100 crore has been allocated for Garo Hills.
The Chief Minister's Secretary said that so far there are 43,000 registered contractors with the Labor Department in the state.
In Accounting and Tally, Evangelica Barishisha Lyndem won the second prize, in DTP-I, Web Design-I and PC Maintenance, Gopi Gupta won in Database II, Web Designing II and Python. Shisha Syiem and Napersara Nongkhlaw, in English by Felisha Rapsang.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: The Pradesh Election Committee of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) today held its elections.
At this meeting, it was decided not to lose too many students. The school authorities have taken the funds to start the training this month. to come.
About 30 office bearers of HANM from all over the country have attended the protest.
Shillong, November 22: U Bah Wankit Tynsong today launched the Ambulance of the Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) at the office of the Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) in Mawkasiang in the presence of officials of the party branches from all over the country. in Khasi.
This will be arranged between the DCs and those involved in the management of the market.
Besides this, he also directed to monitor the continuation of forest fires in the same area.
Referring to the dewbilat factories in the state, Prestone said the government has allowed them to employ only 50% of the workers and has stipulated that they should not bring in workers from other countries. out.
He said that in Meghalaya the number of women is lower than that of men. The scheme is not only to prevent the dropping out of girls but also to send them to schools to study. and that they can study at higher levels so that women can stand on their own feet.
Shillong, Nailar 06: The Deputy Commissioner of Rangthong PHC on the 4th of this month has ordered all the employees of Rangthong PHC to undergo home quarantine. on the fourth and fifth days they will have to stay at home so that the people who come to do the test can reach their homes.
Following the demand of many civil society groups for the right to have a Lokayukta, the state government has introduced the Meghalaya Lokayukta Bill 2014 in the House. strengthen more and more the spirit of change.
“On the other hand, the VVP, in its complaint, has stated that by posting these statements in the public square, it has disgraced and defamed the Voice of the People Party as a whole. to mention and such criticisms have been insulting, it has also brought a bad story that has directly damaged the good name of the VPP in the state.
John said there is an urgent need to convene the Mylliem Hima Dorbar or a new arrangement for the appointment of the Mylliem Hima Legislative Assembly which will include 200 Rangbah Shnong members.
Shillong, Lber 28: Hundreds of vehicles have stopped at 7Mer Upper Shillong today with the intention of entering Shillong.
Tura, Lber 02: Bodo MP Biswajit Daimary today said that Bodos around the world should be united.
The NHRC should immediately request the Government of India to immediately repeal the Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA) which is being implemented in other states of the North East ( North East India).
The organization of these tournaments has been an encouragement and inspiration to the athletes of the State to be hardworking.
When Babu Majaw was president of KAS, it had written to the KSU and other civil society organizations to work together to urge the government to set up a State Sabha Academy but no one responded. “It's useless to talk to the leaders,” said Babu Majaw. He praised the MLA Adendhu Choudhury who spoke about the Khasi language in the Assembly.
“It is because of the presence of this school that the land falls under Meghalaya. If it were not for this school, Assam would have been able to take over the land. “It was built from the quarrying of soil and stone by the Assamese Dkhars under the Jirang Hima,” he added.
He said that in this regard, the police will give their full support to the Bansara Eye Care in which if the doctors go to the nearest places. The SP said that the police are ready to provide adequate protection to the border areas.
“The departments should not only give reasons that it is the time of drought, but the government departments have a big role to play and have to take responsibility, especially in Shillong for many years we have experienced This is the issue of when as residents, we will get our rights, it is true to ensure that the water should be improved, and the departments in charge of drinking water supply like SMB and PHE should “To send those who are in the field to check that there are places where the water is flowing but there are other places where the households have to buy water,” said Bah Adelbert Nongrum.
Kong Lakhana Tynsong, and also without forgetting the permission of the Riew Rangbah who has taken great care since the beginning to improve the bridge. and Mr. Rostandwell Hadem.
The objectives of the scheme are, To provide support and assistance to girls in one place and to provide access to services including access to education, police assistance.
This happened on the 18th of this month when the body of the child was found at 7:00 pm.
He said the inner parts of the Lok Sabha are based on the peacock and the Rajya Sabha is based on the lotus flower.
No attempt should be made to promote any difference or to create hatred among people or to create division between castes/ethnic groups/groups according to faith/language.
The State Government should not delay in this work because to search mynder at those gates is not necessary at those houses of street vendors because even in Manipur once the implementation of the ILP has been controlled through those gates. The strength of the law depends on the attention of those who enforce the law.
At the time of writing, no confirmation has been received, but the magistrates and police from Sohra have rushed to the scene to investigate the cause of the incident, said the Deputy Commissioner.
The training center was launched with funding through the Chief Minister's Career Guidance.
At this meeting, the DC directed all those who wish to speak to speak exactly on the issue regarding the relocation of Wapung Block and if it is relocated, these issues may be addressed. affected by this transfer of the Block.
“Since a long time ago I have struggled and seen these problems many times I have tried but I can't do anything by my own strength because there is no one to support me I can't do anything” La said Latho.
It may be recalled that the MLA election for the 23-Sohiong (ST) Assembly Constituency had to be postponed due to the death of UDP candidate HDR Lyngdoh.
Other issues mentioned by the Governor in his speech were on the village of peace and stability, he said that in 2020, there will be peace in the state despite the protests against the CAA. , 2019 by the civil society but these protests have not been stopped.
Telinai Thangkhiew, Chairman of KHADC, told SP News Agency that she has not yet received any letter regarding the NC. If the dorbar wants to bring the NC, it must submit a written request two days before the end of the session.
If this incident is a suicide due to the lack of responsibility of the police to do their job, the government should punish those people who are on duty.
Other MLAs who took part in the expression of condolences on the passing away of many leaders in the past few months were Zenith Sangma, Lambor Malngniang, Process T Sawkmie, George B Lyngdoh and Meralborn Syiem. , Bah Adelbert Nongrum and the last speech was delivered by the Speaker of the House Bah Metbah Lyngdoh.
Shillong, July 09: U Bah DD Lapang today laid the foundation stone for the construction of the Khasi North East Cultural Hall at Pynursla.
B Mawlong, Executive Engineer PHE, Bah G Lyngdoh, Vice Chancellor of North Eastern Hill University, Bah Wanbantei Bremly Lyngdoh of the World View Impact Foundation, Mawlai Town Dorbar leaders, church elders and school children.
Paul said that according to information received, many of the drug dealers and drug addicts harass and harass other drug dealers or drug users, which leads to street violence.
Jowai, Nailar 11: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF-EJH) on Tuesday expressed its gratitude to the Government for providing the office of the District Transport Officer (DTO) in East Jaintia Hills District. , which is a new District that has just been completed for six years.
After this meeting, the BJYM has decided to urge the state government to have clear rules and procedures for development works. all Districts in the State.
Noting that the resignation of Bah Jyrwa will not affect or weaken the power of the party, Bah Nongtraw said, “Our founding principles will remain unchanged, regardless of the change in the leadership. .
However, while they are living in Meiramew, the Khasi would be better off for them and their people not to interfere with the Khasi laws, Khasi land, Khasi trade and Khasi customs. .
He said that the government department has taken action to complete this as soon as possible.
According to a statement, 58 boxes of soap containing drugs worth Rs 5.5 crore were seized from the drug traffickers.
New Delhi, Jymmang 05: The Human Resource Development Department, Union Government has now launched a training program for teachers through SWAYAM. the needs for online training by keeping an eye on new developments in various disciplines.
The arrested suspect was identified as Rinku Barua while the escaped suspect was identified as Munnu Singh, resident of Punjabi Lane.
The Thiar Lyngwiar Dpei Society (TLDS) in collaboration with the Khasi Department of St. Anthony's College, Shillong on Saturday honored Kong Silbi Passah who recently received the Padma Shri. President of India Droupadi Murmu's meeting in New Delhi.
Not only in East Jaintia Hills, but also through Ribhoi District, these are the two routes through which drugs pass into our state.
He went on to perform Suknani Sangeet and Deodhani dance.
Sangma also declined to comment on the statement issued by the HNLC leaders and said the government requests the HNLC to change its decision and come back to the peace talks table.
Jowai, Iaiong 29: The Sukra Shad held by the Mukhla Nongrim Village Council at Slot Masi Square on Saturday was very peaceful and peaceful despite the natural disasters but it was filled with a happy spirit. The dance was filled with traditional Khasi costumes in the form of shad ruwai, shad pliang and other traditional dances which enriched the stage as well as the spirit of the witnesses.
The meeting was held at the Raj Bhavan office to honor the athletes in preparation for the National Games 2022 in the state.
The main reason for the decision of the Cabinet today is to set a stable price,” he said.
On the other hand, the Minister said that he will not tolerate any illegal activities if anyone violates the law and will take action, regarding the allegation that the incident on the border has been going on since the beginning of the year. At the same time, the Minister of Home Affairs urged all the residents not to spread any rumors that are trying to cause trouble without proof.
At present, they cannot say anything because it will depend on the interpretation of the court when they appeal. The reason for their appeal is that they do not understand what has been signed by the Hima, the landowners and the District Council. and the lands belong to the kingdoms and the kingdoms.
The price of public rice will be T.11.70 to T.12 per kilo and they will get only 8 kilos per kilo.
The Prime Minister may stress on the need to improve consumer satisfaction while strengthening the working methods and financial support of the power generation industry.
Don't be the reason why you are the reason to burn the torch.
He said that in these days, some school children have fallen while the Assembly was standing and some have become ill due to the excessive heat of the weather.
On this occasion, the union has met with the Minister of State for Forests, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui to submit the same letter to the state government to oppose the government's plan. middle.
A meeting of think tanks on the need for electricity in the North East was held in Shillong.
It is a great honor that the Ramkrishna Mission is the leader in this field.
The government has taken this decision because of the increase in the number of cases of COVID-19, the government understands the plight of the people but cannot take this decision to prevent the spread of this disease. pain.
John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Dorbar, said that recently the Chief Executive Members have submitted a petition to the Prime Minister on the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement and have received a reply sent to the National Commission. for Scheduled Tribes, which has sent a petition to the Secretary, Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India (MHA). Until today, they are still following the IOA & AA, to get an Assembly recognized by the Constitution of India for the rulers from Village, Raid to Hima which will be impartial.
He said that the Prime Minister has always paid special attention to the North East.
Water is the lifeblood of man.
Behind the success of every family, there is hard work of the mother.
If anyone is found drinking alcohol in a vehicle or drinking drugs on the road throughout Lawmali Forest, the police will not arrest them and will prosecute them under Section 110 of the Meghalaya Police Act and the NDPS Act.
The Bangladeshi government official said that during the independence struggle many of the soldiers of their country died and many were buried in Meghalaya because the situation at that time was not suitable for They went to Bangladesh.
Within the state itself, there are now allegations that the Voice of the People Party (VPP) is using the Bible excessively for political gain.
An information workshop was held at Sngap Sing College to mark the 183rd Anniversary of the arrival of Thomas Jones in Ri Khasi.
We want to see the second, third and fourth rounds until we reach the end,” said Bah Tynsong.
This process is carried out in a safe and environmentally friendly manner ensuring that these harmful products will have no further marketing opportunities.
In the evening, the Serenity Choir contributed to the Procession. This is the first time that the Cathedral Parish has allowed two parish choirs to take part.
The Government has sought suggestions from all quarters on how to curb the influx of foreigners.
Therefore, when we look back at those times when he was an MLA and also when we look at the bravery of the Naga Police, it shows that if our leaders are brave, the Assam Police will not do anything.
Although there is a law to prohibit foreigners from working in Khasi Hills, such incidents happen from time to time, so the Seng urges the authorities and the Labor Department to work properly. and look into the illegal entry of foreigners who steal the income of the indigenous people.
Members from All India Radio, Broadcasting Centre, DAVP, PIB, NGOs, students and others who participate in such programmes were also present at the meeting.
According to the work order, the private person must report to the KHADC how many people he has issued labor service license to and must also send the names of all the Non Tribals to whom he has issued labor service licence.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday said that they have received information that some people claim to be sellers of equipment from well-known companies but they are selling equipment. who are snow.
The residents of Shillong-Dawki road have been facing difficulties in coming and going due to the deterioration of the road.
On the other hand, the farmers of the area and the residents of the area urged the PWD, especially the Mawsynram PWD Division office to send a subway over the river so that vehicles can pass through. There will be no increase in prices and expenses for the people.
The Government has taken action to prevent the influx of people.
During the investigation, police found that Bah Pynsuk is a person who is suffering from illness and has to sleep in bed.
She thanks the Creator for supporting her.
The deadline for submission of applications is 31st November at the Lamphang's office in Khyndailad, Shillong and at the MLA's office at Lumsohkhlur, Mairang.
The 18,626-page report is the result of consultations with stakeholders, experts and 191 days of research, since its appointment on November 2,
When the SP News Agency reached the area, it was found that the road from Rtiang to Nongsangu and from Nongsangu to Umkra in Mawhati Constituency has not been paved yet. now.
He said that many of the activities have been going on since October and these rituals have been carried out according to the rules laid down by the government. The disease has affected the whole world and their prayer every day that the Lord the Creator will take away this disease.
The Minister of State for Consumer Affairs, Food and Public Distribution, Raosaheb Patil Danve stressed the need to implement this program in the remaining States and Union Territories.
The committee during its visit today found that these government schools in Delhi are well equipped in terms of digital class rooms, CCTV cameras, classrooms, laptops, the Library and the classroom.
On the other hand, the Central Government has directed the State Governments to encourage the publication of books related to heritage knowledge and education in this age.
Speaking as the chief guest, M. Kharkongor, Chairperson, State Commission for the Protection of Child Rights, Meghalaya, said that such meetings and marches are to raise awareness among the youth about evil. from drug and alcohol abuse.
The Minister said that technology should be used to preserve and promote indigenous languages ​​so that people can use the power of the internet in their indigenous languages ​​and also that this will open up opportunities for other people from other parts of the world to learn about our culture and traditions.
These two quarries were robbed by a group of armed robbers on 22nd June, 2023, and 11th November,
The Chief Minister said that the government has implemented the Tourist Project Ropeway in Shillong and other parts of the state and now they have received permission. the bill is in the House.
Rani-Jirang BOP, Umwali BOP, Lejadubi BOP and Langpih BOP are all part of the West Khasi Hills District. The DGP has been directed to inspect the scene.
Furthermore, all ration recipients will have to wear masks at the distribution points.
Shillong, November 10: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War today said that 75 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 57 in West Garo Hills and 3 in South Garo Hills. 3, South West Khasi Hills 2, Ri Bhoi 1, South West Garo Hills 1, North Garo Hills 1 and 580 cases are still in critical condition.
On the other hand, as we have found out that this is a uranium road, we will not accept this NOC and we will continue our opposition in any form.
The KHADC and JHADC Assemblies will end on October 5 and the elections should be held before the end of June. declare elections by the 10th of July 2024.
During the meeting, they also informed the Governor of the unfairness of the authorities because mothers who have children are not allowed to take leave. , there are those who have worked for 25 years and after the death of this employee they do not get a job.
The president of KSU Narpuh Circle said that the dewbilat factories in the area do not have effluent treatment plants to protect the waste from the factories.
He said state government officials and central government officials are currently holding talks in Delhi.
In her speech, Isawanda Laloo Deputy Commissioner of SWKH District said that it is necessary for the farmers to strengthen their food production so that we can eradicate hunger by .
Referring to the struggle for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India, the Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly expressed his surprise at the delay of the State Government in bringing it into the House. Dorbar on the Report of the Committee appointed specially for this purpose to authorize the State Government to send the matter to the Central Government in Delhi.
However, it is the responsibility of the implementers of the scheme to ensure that they inform the police and file an FIR. or accommodation shall provide a safe place for these children to live because their needs are different from the needs of other children in these places.
“There has been a discussion with the Central Government that the funds allocated for the Byrnihat-Shillong Railway Project have to be withdrawn and will be allocated to projects for other zones or others. other parts of the state to open the railway line,” he said.
Phensedyl is a banned drug and the smuggling of this drug to Bangladesh is very high from India to Bangladesh.
The FKS believes that this is only the beginning and will continue to require many discussions and consultations especially between MLAs, MDCs and MPs to reach a common understanding on how to amend the special provisions in the Constitution. India to protect the customs and traditions of our Khasi and Jaintia people.
He emphasized the value and duty of us to preserve our customs and traditions and to enrich them as our own before we ryngkoh and turn to the houses of others. he said, 'We seek wisdom all over the world, but we don't know the light of the world.
At this meeting, all 60 MLAs will donate 10% of their salary this year to the CMRF. The Lamphang said that this decision was taken with the consent of all political parties.
He said that parents have worked hard to provide their children with education but the youth after completing their studies have to face difficulties in getting jobs. They have to knock on the door of the court and the current policies have put the students in great trouble.
Tura, Nailar 14: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma today met with the members of the GNLA who came to surrender their weapons at the 2nd MLP Bn Rehabilitation Camp at Goeragre, near Tura before the Independence Day celebrations.
The destruction of the school was not carried out by the public but by the law enforcement officers of the Assam Police.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi said, “The past, present and future of India will not be complete without the indigenous peoples.
Millions of people have died without warning because of the earthquake.
Vocational University, Delhi.5.
If we can’t work it just ends right there.
The power generation plant will produce about 35 MT of waste from Tura town and the plant has been constructed in such a way at the existing landfill. Training by Chamhana to the villagers and this has the right to control the electricity generated from the area.
Shillong, July 8: A total of 73 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District today. 20 cases have been reported and 328 cases have been reported.
However, this negligence of the government on this road has turned into a threat to all of them.
After the police and fire brigade arrived, all the belongings were destroyed.
Vaccines will be provided for this period of the program and all vaccinations in the country will be promoted on the CoWIN platform and Adverse Event Following Immunization (AEFI) and Adverse Events will continue to be monitored. of Special Interest [AESI].
Shillong, Jymmang 5: The Central Executive Committee of the KSU West has expressed its deep sorrow over the sudden passing away of Bah Rishot Skhembor Kharbani, General Secretary of the KSU West. Khasi Hills District Unit.
One of the decisions taken by the Cabinet is to amend the rule to make Non Judicial Stamps online. The same is true in West Garo Hills, Ri Bhoi and West Jaintia Hills Districts.
He also praised the work of the Government of India and spoke specifically about the visit of the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi to Bangladesh in October,
“We arrived at Dawki PS at 5:00 pm and waited inside the police station until 7:30 pm when the police from Shillong arrived.
At the dorbar synrai, the Minister in charge of Electricity, Symbut, Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong, said that the monthly expenditure is T.150 crore and the income is only T.150 crore. 75 crores.
The union has demanded that the minister should send an inquiry whether the university is still admitting students and it is a shame that the management of the university has been arrested for selling fraudulently. certificates for the hard work of the Mawlai Police and the Patna Police.
On the other hand, the Central Government has found that this area needs roads and for this reason the Central Government has allocated a lot of money in this regard. Any village with 250 inhabitants will get a road under the PMGSY scheme. (SP News).
: A team of MMA athletes from Meghalaya under the team of Tribal Combat Academy (TCA) trained by Babit Kharsahnoh at Madanrting, Shillong have brought glory to Meghalaya. The All India Mixed Martial Arts (AIMMA) North East Zone Mixed Martial Arts Tournament was held in Siliguri from 7th to 9th of this month. GAMMA).
The Congress has not yet believed that it will win the majority and will be able to form an Executive Committee in the two District Councils in JHADC and KHADC, while the UDP has also believed that it will win the majority and form an Executive Committee in the two District Councils. They have the right to rule over these two District Councils.
The girl, who is also the Brand Ambassador of DBMN, on Saturday night won the Vocal Star Competition held in the United Kingdom in the under 18 category.
The Finance Minister has announced the construction of 100 more airports in India by 2024 to support the Udaan scheme.
Shillong, Nailur 04: The Union Minister of State for Rural Affairs, India, will arrive in Shillong on the 7th of this month.
The AJYWO also demands from the office of the Deputy Commissioner and the office of the Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District to check the Nepalis who are not citizens of Jaintia Hills through Umthe village. The Nepali Rangbah Shnong of Umthe Village has issued a certificate of citizenship to such foreigners.
According to the Officer Incharge of Mawsynram Police Station, the child, Banialam Marbaniang, has not been found yet.
He said that AL Hek and Sanbor Shullai are involved in the MDA government.” Will the BJP investigate its own people who are involved in this corrupt government?
Shillong, March 08: U Dr. Jemino Mawtho, MLA of the United Democratic Party (UDP) today moved a motion in the House to discuss the issue of the government taking over the work of teachers.
All the speakers on this occasion expressed their gratitude to Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MDC Mawkynrew Constituency who has fulfilled his wish to bring honor to the village. There is a lack of Public Toilet especially when Government officials and foreigners come to visit, but now through the availability of this toilet. The Public Toilet will be a great blessing to bring about a clean environment in the streets and surroundings of the Shnong. it stands and also in relation to the transportation of goods especially during the rainy season.
“yoga brings harmony between the body and mind, promotes balance, mindfulness, and well-being," he said.
At the same time, the Seiñ Kur Dkhar East Jaintia Hills has summoned the relatives of Ramesh Dkhar to get more information on the misuse of the Kur Dkhar as their kur. They have also declared that they are not from the Kur Dkhar or the blood of the Kur Dkhar.
CEO & Founder Director, Asporea, Siliguri Yash Gurung and his officers in a meeting with the Co-Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board, Government of Meghalaya, Bah John F Kharshiing said that the group Young people from the states of the North East.
The target has been set for the 2021-22 budget session to be held in this new building.
of Meghalaya, which is also written on the sign board: “This property belongs to the office of Tourism Department, Govt.
In the badminton, the team of men and women from East Khasi Hills, has returned home with many titles, in the women's singles. Netania Tariang defeated Shimtihum Lyngdoh of West Khasi Hills and West Garo Hills to win the bronze medal. In the women's doubles, Netaniya and Caralinda Nongbri won the title after defeating Shimtihum and Doreenzia Kharbani. .
He recalled that Obama had phoned him after the vote and he hoped that this relationship would improve in all respects.
Therefore, we should look carefully at the areas where the disease is common.
Therefore, the SWS-EJHD District strongly condemns this action of the Waheh Shnong,” said SWS-EJHD President Hambertus Nongtdu in a statement sent to the media.
The driver of the truck arrived at Umkiang where police were waiting. The driver stopped the vehicle near the road and fled the scene. Then he found the things that had been cut down and song well.
Ed) of the 1st batch 2013 and 2nd batch 2014 through the National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS) will be held on 4th November in Jowai and Shillong.
The Seng would like to raise this question through the confirmation and explanation of the Minister that the water distributed by the PHE department is safe and not the water supplied by the Ministers or Heads of Government sitting in the Secretariat. There is no need to install filters or Aquaguards because many of the households are poor or poor. Secretariat.
“The District Council is the stieh of the Khasi people and as long as there is a District Council, the Khasi people will not be in trouble as many people say that the Khasi community is in trouble,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah. 64th Anniversary of the Father of the Sixth Schedule Rev.JJM Nichols Roy.
On the other hand, the teachers in Lum Kahsi will meet tomorrow morning to take a final decision whether to accept or reject the government's proposal for a new salary which has not met with the salary. The Ministry of Human Resource Development (MHRD) of the Central Government.
The party cannot remain silent on this issue as it is against the right to land ownership and violates the powers granted to us through the 6th Schedule of the Autonomous District Council.
Shillong, Naitung 05: The presidential candidate nominated by the Congress and the opposition party Meira Kumar has arrived in Shillong today to meet with the MLAs to seek their support in the upcoming presidential election. .
Referring to Jaintia Hills, Shibun said that the people have now understood the destruction of the environment and the damage caused by the mining of mineral resources without doing according to the present era.
Archbishop Victor as the chief guest handed over to the Vicar General of the Diocese of Shillong, Fr ​​Richard Manbha Majaw to announce the Executive Committee and the boundaries of the Parish Mawiong.
Police have arrested and taken action according to the information sent by the police.
Shillong, Lber 25: The Joint Action Committee (JCC) today held a public meeting at Mynsang and demanded that the government should provide assistance. The Umngot Hydro Electric Project has been suspended.
“We are not against the vendors but we are still thinking that the covering of the road to make a footpath will make it easier for the students with disabilities, but we don't. I don't think they'll bring it to the merchants.
Shillong, July 17: U Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh, Leader of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), on Tuesday said that the summons to appear before the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today is to intimidate the leaders, but this will not intimidate the spirit of struggle.
On this day, the Khasi Khara from all over the Ri Khasi Jaintia have attended the 122nd Anniversary of the Seng. Khasi.
The Crystal Award 2022 for Excellence in Visual Arts was received by Bah Phaibhakupar Kharlukhi for his outstanding skill in painting which reflects the lives of the people in the village in a way that has never happened before. in the present age.
Tura, Jymmang 21: Speaking at a public meeting in Tura at the opening of an employment training programme, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the entry of youth into the army is due to unemployment and the desire to earn money easily without hard work.
It is understood that during the visit of Bah Paul to the state, they also discussed the presence of people from Meghalaya who study and work especially in Bengaluru so that there will be peace.
In an order issued on 12th June this year, the Meghalaya High Court said, “The Limitation Act, 1963 shall apply throughout the State of Meghalaya including the Scheduled Tribe Areas of the Autonomous Districts.
The workshop provided participants with in-depth knowledge of essential OT practices.
I am in the midst of discussions with the States on the measures to be taken in the fight against corona.
East Jaintia Hills Police said that after receiving a tip that Sanu Singh had boarded a bus from Silchar number AR-20-9990 to Shillong, police conducted a search operation. When the bus reached Datsimpein, they arrested the suspect.
The education department of the Meghalaya government has directed all schools in the state not to comply with this order.
The Commissioner and Secretary of the State Government in charge of the District Council Affairs Department.
The Adokgre block was taken from the Kharkutta C&RD block, which is one of the oldest blocks in Meghalaya which covers 178 villages. This new block will have 10,000 square meters.
Police also seized T.11, 790 thousand.
Speaking to reporters after the visit of the Chief Minister to the Iewduh and the Cabinet today, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, the Pa,im of Mylliem Hima, said that and now the shipor shall not be allowed to sit on the ground.
When the indigenous people have been able to take over the job, why should the non-indigenous people be allowed to work?
The 2011 census of Assam shows that there are 3.29 crore people living in Assam.
In this regard, the KSU leader from the district has called upon the people of the district to join hands on this day, to march from the designated place and to have also at the meeting as arranged.
Shillong, July 15: The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya today issued an order in accordance with the order of the High Court. The Supreme Court of India has ordered the immediate suspension of the import of coal from Meghalaya.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with the MDCs whose constituencies produce synsar together with the officers of the Forest Department to discuss the problems faced by the synsar farmers. that the Marwaris no longer buy synsar at the Mawiong market.
It is learned that Dr Sandi Syiem, Colonel Laloo initially founded the Shillong Bonsai Society in 1994 and it has been going on until now. who came to take part.
Several leaders of the political parties came to deliver short speeches and from the State Parties who came to deliver speeches were Kong Finola Lyngdoh Nonglait, HSPDP, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, MLA Mairang, UDP and Dr E Lyngdoh Mawlong, from the Congress party, others who could not attend the meeting said that they could not attend due to unavoidable reasons.
The meeting was held today to clarify the promise of the Chief Minister to increase the salaries of the teachers. The teachers of the group decided to honor the Prime Minister for fulfilling his promise to increase their salaries. for sha for.
Also present on the occasion were Law Minister Ampareen Lyngdoh, MHRC Member JP Hanaman and other government officials.
Referring to education, he said that the government should have a special subject for those with disabilities as many of them are also in the middle of many studies and some do not have them. specific subjects.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of State and Working President of the UDP, said that the swearing-in ceremony of Brolding Nongsiej as Minister of State will be held tomorrow morning at 11 am. .
Shillong, Nailur 03: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek today met with Union Health Minister Jagat. Prakash Nadda in Delhi to discuss ways and means to improve health services in Meghalaya.
She said the government has not interfered with the work of the Meghalaya Lokayukta and the Chairman of the Lokayukta has the authority to take any decision on the appointment of the right members. in various committees.
The death toll from East Khasi Hills District has risen to 1019, according to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. There are 1497 cases in the state.
The Chief Minister has expressed his gratitude to the President of India for awarding the Padma Shri to Silbi Passah from Meghalaya. to the state.
He recited the special words of the National Games Anthem 'Judega India – Jeetega India' which was followed by all those present at the stadium.
After a day of photography, the Barikor had the opportunity to learn about the lifestyle and customs of other ethnic groups across India.
This is according to a statement issued by Ma Deolangki Dkhar, Waheh Shnong, Wapungskur.
He also urged the children to be aware of the day and minute in their studies, when you are here, a gift from your family members.
At the meeting, Bah Kitborlang showed a form stating that Bah Jotin has already joined the Congress party and is no longer a member of the NPP party. The NPP leaders have sent their resignation letter from the party.
In the North East, Meghalaya has the highest smoking rate with 47% and the second highest smoking rate with 31.6% according to GATS 2 (2018-2017).
Shillong, July 22: The District Magistrate today informed the public that the curfew has been lifted from 5 pm to 5 pm in the areas under Lumdiengjri Police Station. .
The United Democratic Party (UDP) candidate for 25-Mawsynram constituency on the 2nd of this month filed his nomination papers before the Returning Officer in the presence of his followers and supporters. I'm from Mawsynram.
In a letter sent to Union Home Secretary Anil Goswami, the APVC said that the video is intended to harass the people.
On the 10th of this month, another employee identified as Arjun Ray (52) died of serious injuries after he and two other employees He was shot dead by robbers in Mawlai Mawroh.
Shillong, June 16: The Shillong City National People's Party (NPP) has expressed its concern over the dispute between the government and the KSU over the construction of the railway line at Byrnihat. .
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, who is also the Chairman of the District Disaster Management Authority (DDMA), East Khasi Hills, today informed that the National Disaster Management Authority, New Delhi in collaboration with the CSIR-NEIST Jorhat will Conduct a Mega Mock Exercise on Friday if you score 8.7 on the Ritcher Scale.
As a sign of the opening of the tournament, the Chief Guest tied the shuttle to start the first game.
Dr. Andreas passed away while he was on duty and at the time of his death he was the Additional Director of Health Services in Shillong.
The demand from the government to immediately amend the tyrpad was also taken by the MLA of Mylliem in the House but the government has remained silent.
If there is an appeal or to add new names under rule 129(3), it will be from 8/1/2024 to 22/1/2024, to remove or add the names filed and appealed under rule 129(3 ) will be held on 1/29/2
Shillong, November 02: U George B Lyngdoh, Vice President of the TMC in Meghalaya, has sent his resignation letter from the party and also from his post. The President of the Association is Mr. Charles Pyngrope.
The rules of the committee are to monitor the implementation of the Reservation Roster and the committee shall submit its report to the government within 15 days from the date of issuance of the government notice. that it may appoint more members if necessary.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYF) Raliang Circle has filed an RTI on the misuse of four schemes by PIO Finance Officer Bah B Sana.
There are four areas in West Khasi Hills. He said that he will visit these areas on the 4th and the meeting with the Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam will be held on the 6th. bnia in Guwahati.
It is also the time to visit your friends and neighbors to wish you a happy Durga Puja.
If we build a bus station or a 5 star railway station, they will say, “You have done a great job.
On the other hand, the people should give their support to the government for this scheme which will be implemented soon. The AB-PMJAY has been included in the MHIS which the government will implement as soon as it is completed. all these things.
In the women's category, the women's title was won by Bitaris Marbaniang, Ymjuklet Lyngkhoi and Daily Grace Lyngdoh. In the men's category, Mankhraw Rumnong, Anthony Sohtun and Jiswell Nongspung won the men's title.
The incident happened in the past few days but the villagers informed the Rongjeng Police Station today that these people came with firearms and demanded money from the villagers. When the people saw this, they arrested them and three of them were killed in the attack.
On the other hand, the Minister said that it is surprising to see that although the North East of India has the opportunities to improve income but it lacks the opportunities. Many of the parties and many of the private individuals who come to this area are only from Guwahati.
A case has been registered at Umkiang Patrolling Post.
The Red Ribbon Club of the university this month has organized many competitions, such as ease writing competition, drawing competition and the winners were also awarded prizes on this day. Agui Daimei spoke clearly about this disease and what happens to those who have this disease in the community.
Regarding the EMs who will be in his EC, he said that within two days he will send the names to the Governor for his approval.
Bah Gabriel Wahlang was also present on the occasion.
In his speech, the Chief Minister congratulated the youth who have completed this training. The Chief Minister said that the youth have a great power in which they need to be used. The path should be taken by the policy makers for the benefit of the majority and this will help the state in all aspects and the country as a whole.
The party said that the placard with the slogans against Dr Mukul Sangma is due to the negligence and disregard of Dr Mukul Sangma for the 14 security issues of the party. The petition has been submitted to the Prime Minister.
The information contained in the NDR will help investors construct blocks so that they can submit their details under the OALP.Of the 23 refineries in the country, 18 are under management Government, 3 private refineries and 2 joint ventures with a capacity of 249.366 MMTPA. Out of the 249.366MMT, 142.066 MMT is from Government refineries, MMT is from cooperative refineries and 88.20 MMT is from private refineries.
Dr Mukul also released the population figures in Meghalaya between locals and foreigners.
In Laitumkhrah, the water supply in Laitumkhrah constituency has three parts, GSWSD for the first part, GSWSS for the second part and Wahkhen for the water supply. The water pipes are being replaced and after cleaning the water pipes, the water will be clean.
Shillong, Lber 28: Replying to a question by Telinai Thangkhiew, CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), the CEM said that the Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) The Committee intends to provide laptops to the MDCs and two other officers of the office.
Shillong, Naiwieng 05: U Dr Jemino Mawthoh and elders of Nongrah Village today met with the Minister in charge of Water Supply, Bah Samlin Malangniang to inquire about the Nongrah Water Supply Scheme. The first one has already received T.5.92 crore.
Shortly after, the Minister also visited the ongoing construction of the classrooms donated by him under the MLA scheme. Others who attended included Sister Mary Kochup (Doctor), Fr Anthony Joseph, Parish Priest Mawkynrew, Fr John Valan, Principal Holy Cross Secondary School, Wesslington Mynsong, Secretary Parish Pastoral Council, Dengbok Kurkalang, Donbok Lynshiang and others.
Speaking to media after the meeting, Sarma said, “We have held a meeting and we have decided to maintain peace and order and through this, we will go to the border to ensure that This inspection will not cause any conflict if we both the Prime Ministers go to visit and after we return there will be another conflict and the people will turn against us.
According to the latest news, a meeting was held between the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, the District Transport Officer and the Maxi Cad Owners and Drivers Association (MCODA) of Nongpoh. .
The High Command of the BJP yesterday decided to support the NPP in Shillong and Tura Parliamentary Constituencies. ," he said.
Summersalt has written many songs that address issues that affect society by calling and urging the nation to live with responsibility.
With this victory, this young woman has expressed her indescribable joy.
However, from one government to another government has been stamped by the people of the state but sadly it is difficult to pass laws and regulations to protect the nation.
Speaking to media, he said that the increase in insurance from T.6757 to T.13300 since 2014 is unacceptable.
