On this occasion, many kinds of dances of this great country were also performed on this special day.
The annual expenditure of the 5Pay Commission for teachers will be T.84 crore and the arrear of the government will be T.84 crore. Rs.126 crore.
The seizure and inspection of the border areas between the States and the border areas of the country during the Lok Sabha and Legislative Assembly elections in the States in 2024 in order to ensure a smooth election of leaders.
Other Ministers added, “On the receipt of the compensation, the Syiem should know better as he is the Syiem who rules in the Hima.
A web portal has also been launched using digital technology to track and store information on sickle cell patients.
The ILP is not a desire but a need of the hour.
Others who have been elected as the office bearers of the Women's Wing in Lumdiengjri are Ibapalei Wahlang and Greenland Rymbai as Vice President, Yokadaphi Slong as Secretary and 20 others. other employers.
He said that it would be a great benefit from the announcement of T.20 lakh crore by the central government and T.1 lakh crore has been allocated specifically for farmers.
On November 2, 2011, the mother of the child came to the office of the AJYWO Central Body in Jowai and asked for assistance regarding the rape of her daughter by Small Phawa. on the night of November 30,
Rev. Ferdinand Dkhar with the participation of the Priests and religious leaders.
Shillong, March 12: The sudden death of Archbishop Rev Dominic Jala of the Diocese of Shillong in a car accident in Colusa County, California, USA members of the Catholic Church.
At the same time, Bah Shangpliang said that at this time many mothers refuse to breastfeed their children for whatever reason.
To inform the people of West Khasi Hills of the problems faced by the people of West Khasi Hills, they have decided to hold this march on foot from Nongstoin to Shillong. that three days.
: It means that you are too strong without knowing whether it is right or wrong and you are shocked after drinking alcohol.
After 75 years of independence, this is the time for us to reaffirm our commitment to fulfill these Duties.
Shillong, November 09: The BJP is in talks with the NPP to contest the MLA election 2018 and others if any, on Tuesday.
Shillong, Lber 19: U Dr Jemino Mawthoh, MP candidate nominated by the United Democratic Party (UDP) with the support of other ethnic parties in the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government, will file his nomination papers. day in Shillong for the 1st Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
Mang Pariat, Superintendent of Taxes, Circle 2, Shillong, in his explanation, said that the introduction of GST has reduced price increase, ease of trade and shortage of ' Black' transaction.
The ball tournament will be held only on Saturdays and market days except on special days.
One of the ministers of the MDA government, while talking to SP News Agency, said that some ministers have left for Delhi and some will leave tomorrow morning, but as of today it is not clear because that he has not yet had time to meet with the Union Home Minister.
The sister said that when she went on a trip, she used to stay at the house of her friends.
The rule also includes a Labor License for contractors who come to work in areas under the jurisdiction of KHADC. The passbook of the Labor License applicants must also be submitted.
He said that they have requested the government to release the trucks carrying jhur after they have loaded their jhur from the market so that it can release the jhur and jhep that the farmers have lost. are produced by the State.
CLP Leader Dr Mukul Sangma, in his speech, said that the passing away of Bah David is not only a loss to the party but also to the state as a whole. The service was conducted by Fr Glorious Syiemlieh of Nongthymmai Parish. Other Fathers and Sisters were also present.
There were 9 candidates.
Shillong, Nailur 26: Two persons, Md Jahadul Islam, 20, and Debojit Das, 28, have been arrested from Green Hills Restaurant, Polo Market.
Shillong, July 16: The Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, comprising the Federation of Khasi States, the Council of Chiefs of Hynniewtrep, the Council of Dolloi and the Council of Nokma, met on 13th January , and expressed his gratitude to Dr Rameshwar Oraon, for writing a letter to Shri Sushil Kumar S. Shinde, Minister of Home Affairs, Govt of India, and in which he sent The petition of the Chief Executive Members through a letter dated 6th Jan 2014, directing them to take action to fulfill the promises made between the Government of India and the Hima Khasi States. on 17 August 1948, and this letter sent to the MHA was also sent to the Dorbar of Chief Executive Members.
Shillong, March 18: Former Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah John Anthony Lyngdoh, today resigned from the UDP party at a party meeting held at Mawphlang.
The Rajya Puraskar, also known as the Governor's Award, is awarded only to those who have completed 13 years of service in the group. this work.
The Chief Minister said that in a meeting with the Chief Minister of Assam, the Chief Minister of Assam has confirmed that Assam has not issued any order, but the The army has its own path inside Assam and has nothing to do with the Umawli incident.
The construction of the 23 km road has been funded by the Meghalaya Integrated Transport (MITP) and the World Bank.
It is said that when the girl left the residence she was wearing a red shirt and white blouse and long trousers.
Titan Eye Plus launched its eyewear line in Chikkabalapur in July
In his opening remarks, Rajiv Kumar said that the focus on development works at NER will be on the recommendation of the Highways, Inland Waterways, Railways and Airways Bill as read out by the Prime Minister. Narendra Modi.
In his speech, he congratulated the officers who have done many things for the state over the years.
The three-day festival came to an end on June 10, 2023 with 1451 male and female dancers participating in the festival held at Weiking Square. , Jaiaw, Shillong.
These traditional foods are meant to improve the health of adult women in rural areas and these inherited foods will be foods that will help women in rural areas.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, welcomed the donation of the Meghalaya IAS Officers Association.
The offices of the houses will be open on 2, 3 and 4 July
The Congress leader in Meghalaya has acknowledged the party's defeat in four states, Delhi, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh. but she said that such things happen in politics.
On the other hand, the Governor said it is unthinkable to know that people are protesting for the railway line, while in Meghalaya there is a protest against the railway line.
Shillong, Naiwieng 07: Teachers from Class I to Class VIII who have passed the 1st batch of Professional Training Course for the Diploma in Elementary Education 2013 conducted by the National Institute of Open Schooling have been funded. The State Government through the SSA Scheme including Govt, SSA, Deficit and Adhoc teachers in the State have decided not to write the D.El.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: Answering a question by Winnweson D Sangma, the Minister of State for Border Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, on Tuesday said that the government will continue to implement the Inter State Border Area Development Scheme (ISBADS). ) which is not the state plan.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District has wanted to start the signboard without listening to the land owners. how to know the border with Bangladesh.
According to the latest news, the office in Shillong has only employees and no officers and those who apply for passports from Meghalaya have to be sent to Guwahati.
The search for the bodies of the missing persons started at 9 pm yesterday by a team of 12 members of the State Disaster Response Force. They were also present at the ceremony.
, Bhaishya, MP, Lok Sabha, Vincent Pala, MP and Takam Sanjoy, MP, Lok Sabha.
“Our Government is transforming India's health services according to the needs of today,” Modi said.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, Bah BS Sohliya, said that the clash was brought under control after Magistrates and Police were sent to stop the clash from both sides.
They will also get to participate in an important aspect about securing financing for their films.
The appointment of the Chairman of the Commission is in accordance with the Electricity Act
If Mary can protect herself with martial arts, especially if there is a law and justice that can protect women and children.
The New Media Wing (NMW) will conduct programs such as the 'Yoga with Family' competition through the social media accounts of the I&B Department as a competition for families to do Yoga together and upload reels using the in the Yoga Gath.
Police have rushed to the scene and investigation is ongoing.
Provisions such as the Sixth Schedule and other provisions of the Constitution speak clearly on the protection of Tribals and also give the power to protect, preserve and promote the life of Tribals such as culture, language, the earth is shyiap and so on.
The office bearers of the KSU Thadlaskein Unit are as follows: President: Conard Roengent Sana, Vice President: Rulingbyfast Challam, General Secretary: Sendmisa-oo Phawa, Asst General Secretary: Dayoo Pale, Sport Secy: Riburom Jat, Finance Secy: Easterwell Kharsyntiew, Treki Bang and members are Shaniah Ryngkhlem, Demi Dkhar, Brosmi Dkhar, Balanstar Jyrwa, Rimiki Slong, Nongai Buid Dieu-Avee -nous Sand.
On the other hand, the Minister said that this is a scheme of the Central Government and the State Government has already requested Sanction from the Central Government but till now the State Government is still waiting for Sanction from the Central Government. the central government.
The death benefit is T.25 lakh under the CCS (Pension) Rules, 2021 and the CCS (Payment of Gratuity under NPS) Rules,
Any meeting to lay the foundation stone for any new scheme in the District of Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills should be held until after the election.
Jowai, March 23: A passenger bus (AS01-AC-0154) from Guwahati to Dharamnagar overturned at Kongong village in East Jaintia Hills this afternoon. Three passengers of the vehicle died in the incident.
Shillong, Nailar 11: U Bah Pynshngianglang MDC of 18-Mawkhar-Pynthorumkhrah MDC Scheme today distributed work orders to the villages to implement development works in the constituency.
The program was opened by Bah Harvester Khongthaw, Publicity Secretary, SSSS, SWKHD. Those working under Schedule 28 have been increased their salaries from 1st June this year.
Also present on the occasion were the President and General Secretary of the Seng, Bah Joe Marwein.
She said that the statement by the Prime Minister of India that there is no conflict with China is unacceptable and this affects the morale of the soldiers The increase in insurgency in Kashmir is wrong because there is still insurgency in the area.
Besides, the union also demands from the authorities in charge of the education department that the recruitment process should be conducted in a transparent and transparent manner and the department should issue advertisements and conduct interviews. Before appointment of contractual Asst.Teacher in Kano Kano School.
The arrested were identified as Sajul Islam, Jabir Hussain Barbhuiya, Abdul Mohit Barbhuiya and Ratikul Islam Barbhuiya. Police have registered a case against them.
At this meeting it was informed that the state government has allocated T.500/- per month for 11695 persons with disabilities under the Chief Minister Social Assistance scheme for the persons with disabilities and women. bum don't have any more.
Shivraj Singh Chouhan said the Kisan Samman Nidhi is a scheme of the Central Government which was launched on 24th June 2019 to support the needs of all farmers who own land when they fall under a certain income.
At present, Jet Airways wants to resume the operation of these aircraft.
The IAF has sent a Mi-17 helicopter from its station at Mohanbari in Assam.
The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) has issued a warning that there may be heavy rain from the 14th to the 17th of this month. Meghalaya and Assam.
On this occasion, the village also requested for the works such as Umbam Umdih, to clean the road and on the part of Bah Lapang he promised to do these under the SRWP scheme. The schemes that are necessary will be discussed with the government departments to take immediate action.
Regarding the construction of roads by the Assam government in the Hima Nongspung, he has nothing to say, because the people need development works, but this road construction by the Assam government has to be clear that through The development works of the Assam government will take over the land of Meghalaya.
The Government wants to see that by November 2021, the vaccination campaign will be completed for all those who have reached the age of 18 years. the family and the community.
Shillong, Nailar 20: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has decided to improve the distribution of herbal medicines which the Khasi have started since the time of Kulong Kumah. (KHADC) has established the Khasi Traditional Medicine Institute at Sohpetbeng.
According to the Joint Director of Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE), Bah M. Marbaniang, there are 55,189 students who will sit for the SSLC examination this time, out of which 23,2 males and 31940 females, including Regular-1 and Regular-2, Private, Non-Regular, Improvement and Compartmental.
The graphic novel 'Tynnrai Shwa Ki Tnat' and the short film 'Behind the Fabric' by Mario Pathaw are beautiful, timely and stand up to express the snapshot. nature and human rights as Mahatma Gandhi said.
At the meeting of the Ministers in charge of Electricity on 28th June 2010, it was decided to look into the works undertaken by the Central Electricity Authority (CEA). and it has been instructed to the State Governments to ensure that they can be implemented in a timely manner.
The residents have been advised not to touch the electrical wires if they see and find that they are broken or broken in order to avoid any accident.
At the same time, he said that it has been decided to open the Khasi Traditional Medicine Institute at Lum Sohpetbneng soon which has already been completed and only a few minor works remain such as water supply and others.
U Bah Metbah also spoke on the unemployment which is one of the issues that needs to be discussed in the country and the state and urged everyone not to expect only government jobs but to create jobs. to other forms of income.
Police are conducting investigation to find out the mother who committed this crime.
: Employees of the Election Department including Returning Officers, Assistant Returning Officers, Zonal Magistrates, Sector Officers, Security Police and other employees left Polo Ground, Shillong to attend the elections. Various Polling Stations located across the Constituencies of East Khasi Hills.
The total amount is Rs77950/tyngka.
On the other hand, the Minister promised to send officials from the education department to investigate the matter and if it is found that it is not true as permitted, the government will take the necessary action.
Shillong, March 11: U Conrad K Sangma today confirmed the report of the High Level Committee and the government will take action according to the rules of law to evacuate the residents of Iew Mawlong.
About 68% of the electricity generation is hydroelectric, making Meghalaya one of the cleanest electricity producing states in the country.
He said that permission was obtained from the Superintendent of Police, District Council, Rangbah Shnong and permission was obtained from all the relevant authorities. ask why you didn't follow the rules, if so why you didn't do it at that time.
The union through a petition sent today also demanded that there should be examination centers in the district so that those who contest the examination conducted by NIOS will be able to travel easier, according to a statement sent. Shillong, March 17: The Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan today conducted the 31st Annual Meeting of Retired Army personnel held at Raj. Bahvan Shillong through a special committee of the state for their welfare.
They decided to protect the environment by having the rules and regulations in place to avoid the threats that lead to global warming.
The KHADC office was filled with people especially the family members of the winners and supporters of the MDCs. Shillong, Lber 06: U Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, Spokesperson of the Congress MDCs in the KHADC, on Tuesday said that only 10 people from each MDC will be allowed to enter the swearing-in ceremony. He said the Congress party has not filed its nomination for the CEM and Lamphang elections in the KHADC due to the lack of people.
We need peace, we want stability," he added.
We see Shillong, we have the New Shillong Township, but the relocation of offices to the east, and the relocation of jobs to the east will take time, I think the government should do it immediately.
We demand that the Government should resolve this issue.
The Presidency has focused on increasing the tax authority of developing countries so that these developing countries can finance their sustainable development goals without having to turn to others. other places.
Police of Mylliem Hima today closed down the shops that are still open inside the market because according to the order of the DC, the shops are not allowed to open on Sunday.
After this, they will arrange the candidates.
The Shillong Golf Club (SGC) on Thursday in a meeting with the MLA of Pynthorumkhrah Constituency, Bah Alexander Laloo Hek, has expressed its strong opposition if the SGC will manage the Children's Park and the land. Futsal tournament which will be built soon.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Delhi, he said that the joint memorandum was submitted by the two leaders to demand Garoland and Khasi-Jaintia State.
He said that the agreements and promises through the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement, 17 August 1948, on the Legislative Power, and the rights over especially the Land, Mountains, Rivers, Forests, Property They have not appeared in the Constitution of India even after 64 years of enactment and approval by the Government of India.
The RUPAY Card is used at Points of Sale (PoS) and for e-commerce.
Shillong, July 12: The Department of Agriculture, Government of Meghalaya has conducted a training for the youth who have learned to take up agriculture as an employment opportunity. Integrated Agriculture Training Center (IATC), Upper Shillong.
Pt Than Gkhiew Secretary Managhung Committee expressed before Bah PT Sawkmie the needs of the school , the needs from buildings , fencing , salary , computer teachers , basket ball ground and other facilities In fact, the school still wants to accept many students who want to study at this school, but due to the lack of building, the school has to reject them.
For the delivery of vegetables, arrangements can be made with NARI/1917iTEAMS and other recognized suppliers.
Team Meghalaya has also won the Women's Team Champion category
Shillong, Nailur 21: The number of participants in the second Sohra Half Marathon to be held on 30th November 2023 has been increased to 100,0 can reach 3975 people.
The opening ceremony was attended by the District Sports Officer (DSO) of the district, Bah PM Marbaniang, staff of his office and other dignitaries.
This has caused them great distress.
It was directed that if the contractors who have taken over the work fail to comply with the rules laid down by the NHAI under the agreement, they should be punished according to the terms of the contract.
New Delhi, July 27: Bangladesh troops, including the Army, Navy and Air Force, have arrived to celebrate the 72nd Republic Day of India in take part in a march at Rajpath in New Delhi.
Therefore, in this regard, the meeting will have to be postponed until the natural forces allow and all the Rangbah as well as the residents of the area are urged to take action. This was on the urgent need to get clarity regarding the surrender of the Meghalaya Power Distribution Corporation Ltd.
A short meeting was chaired by the President of the Khliehriat Block Congress Committee, Ma Deibormi Syad. The Block Congress Committee has been established.
During the meeting, it was learned that the reason for the loss of electricity in the village is due to the loss of a transformer which needs to be replaced with a new one which will take about 10 days to complete. replace the transformer with a new one.
Many villages have not yet received roads in Mawthadraishan C&RD Block, up to three villages in Mairang C&RD Block have not yet received roads. roads, many of which do not have potable drinking water, and two villages in Mairang C&RD Block do not have electricity.
There have been 172 recoveries, 60 from East Khasi Hills and 41 from West Jaintia Hills. The total number of recoveries has risen to 76,7
The Secretary to the Ministry of Rural Development (MORD) has announced that the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA) has been implemented.
Myntri Rangbah Duh spoke about the difficulties in completing the work in the old Parliament by pointing to the lack of technical facilities and lack of seats.
Shillong, Iaiong 30: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that there are four new cases of COVID-19 in the state. cases in East Khasi Hills and 1 case in Ri Bhoi.
"The CoRP would like to congratulate the teachers and schools who have been willing to take part in this successful program and hopes that through this program the students will spread the word on how to keep clean in the villages. bad in the house.
However, the factories should respect the Memorandum of Understanding signed with the Government in which they should employ 95% local youth and 5% foreigners,” he said. said Mr. Dohtdong.
“The soldiers used harsh words even in the presence of women and children,” he said.
He said that the intensity of this large-scale tournament is inexplicable.
Prestone said that especially the IAS officers who belong to the central government have to follow the service rule.
Shillong, Lber 17: The BJP MDC from Tura, Bernard N Marak, on Tuesday said that the Center Scheme Monitoring Committee (CSMC) in Garo Hills has done many things including the names of those who have benefited from the Gram Sevaks in the Block.
Shillong, March 06: Roshan Warjri, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, has announced that she will not contest the MLA elections to be held this year. 2018 and the party has decided to contest Bah WHD Sungkong as the Congress candidate from Shillong North Constituency.
The primary task of government is to provide transparent services to the public.
Referring to the insurgents, Naik said he hoped that the insurgents would not boycott the elections.
Shillong, March 23: The Martin Luther Christian University today held its 14th Convocation online. u important.
Furthermore, the Government has spent Rs 2.8 lakh crore so far for the development of farmers, he said.
Therefore, the Unitarian Church Jowai invites and invites all those who have kidney diseases and those who have stones to come to this Free Health Camp.
The most sacred ceremony of the consecration of the elders of the new parish was by the High Priest who handed over the keys of the Tabernacle, the abode of the consecrated Body and Blood of Jesus Christ. .
It is a scheme of the Central Government which was launched on 24th June 2019 to support the financial needs of all farmers who own land according to the rules related to their income limit.
“As the North East, we are an example to others in sports especially in football,” said Conrad.
To get the protection is very important and now is the time to get the MRSSA. There is a Governor in the state to speak out against what the state government is against while the Governor of the state says he supports the CAB. it is nothing to prevent the entry of state authorities into this state.
The bandh has been called throughout the Khasi and Jaintia Hills, and the reason for the bandh is against the NGT ban on coal mining. The curfew called by the union has not gone well but it has affected all the tourists especially those who work during the day. The party also works for the welfare of the people.
On the other hand, the NF Railway authorities said that many of these thieves used to search for their belongings inside the trains and when they get the chance they steal the boxes of the passengers. and they robbed even the people.
He said that if the Food Safety Department finds that the fish imported from Andhra Pradesh has been injected with formalin, it will be punished even though the report sent from Ahdra Pradesh has confirmed that it does not contain formalin. Formalin injection.
Regarding the deterioration of the roads, MLA and MDC Bah Charles Charles Marngar today together with his supporters went to meet with the deteriorating roads. Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Public Work Department, to brief him on the problems faced by the people.
The cleanliness drive was organized by the District Swachhata Hi Seva,
This is part of a series of meetings conducted by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare to review the progress of works and the speed of use of funds from the Central Government allocated to the States under various schemes. various and grants to develop and strengthen health care infrastructure across the provinces.
On the other hand, the Speaker said that many times the seat of the Speaker has been used to overthrow the government, but on the other hand, Dr Donkupar has promised that he will not be allowed to do so. side in the running of the House.
“This entry of suspected students from outside the state will deprive 11 more Khasi and Garo students who wish to study MBBS,” said the Seng.
This is the first time that the international IP systems have recognized the relationship between indigenous GRs and ATK. you are the source of biodiversity.
In a message of condolences sent by the Speaker of the House, it was said that Dr Azad Zaman will always be remembered for his dedication to serve the people.
During the meeting, it was also discussed how to streamline the rules at the end of the tribe for the sake of peace and prevent the illegal registration of tribes to get the schedule tribe certificate.
On behalf of the Tea Board, S. Hazra, Deputy Director, Smallholder Farmers from Dibrugarh office, DM Kakati, Assistant Director, Tea Development Guwahati, and Silchina G.Momin Development Officer, Sub Regional Tea Board office located in Umsning.
However, the meeting on that day was only a discussion in front of the people on how to preserve the traditional religion in these areas,” said KTFA. The Sanmilato Samatan Samaj of Assam, KTFA has clarified that it has no information or connection with the SSS in Assam but it has only heard from voice mail.
Singh said the Delhi Sikh Gurdwara Management Committee, Shiromani Gurdwara Prabandhak Committee, the National Commission for Minorities, the National Commission for Human Rights and other groups have visited the Punjabi Lane while the Sikhs. they continue to fight for their rights.
Shillong, Naitung 21: U Congress Leader and MLA in Meghalaya, Zenith M Sangma today said that the party has received information that there has been a smuggling of prominent leaders across the state. In India.
Shillong, Naiwieng 6: The KSU Nehu Unit in collaboration with the KSU Education Cell Sengkmie on Tuesday held a protest by carrying placards and marching to the office of the Vice Chancellor of the KSU Education Cell Sengkmie. The protest was against the decision of the Academic Council to admit students or to take admission based on the marks or percentages of the students in their examinations.
He said that until today, neither the state government nor the health department officials have visited them. to look after their own problems.
Prestone said that in a meeting with the party leaders, he had already told them that the government will consider and bring this issue to the Cabinet meeting. to end their strike because even their social contract has expired in October
After Joycy has done this job, she has been able to inspire many other women drivers.
The government should increase the price of the test and if there is a job the government can increase the price of half the price on the part of the government. households below the poverty line.
The Minister said that the money to be paid to the contractors comes from the 1% charge for the domestic workers.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, one of the family members of the three deceased said that the deceased were mother, father and youngest son and another was from a nearby house. two houses were grounded in this landslide.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister urged all the religious groups in Meghalaya not to have any hesitation to perform the religious rituals. They and their family members shall follow the rules and regulations laid down by the government.
Shillong, July 22: VPP President Ardent Basaiawmoit today led a delegation to the Secretariat to protest against the dismissal of officers from the Lokayukta. enough for those who were laid off.
“He (the Prime Minister) has said that he will do this within these months and he has also said please prepare the letter yourself and we will only provide it to those who are official.
In this regard, the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) on 30th July, 2023 has issued a new traffic rules at Mawlong Hat Parking Lot. left at 9:99 am after they had finished unloading the goods.
The scientist explained that in 2014, a thorough excavation showed that the Khasi people have been living here since 1226 BC.
The training started on the 31st of this month and will end on the 31st of this month. Out of the 32 youths who attended the training, 6 are women. Bangladesh has not come forward to be trained.
The management of the hospital has held regular meetings with the agencies that have taken up these projects to ensure that they are completed and handed over on time.
The High Court Judge S. Pande has approved the written appointment as the Chairman of the Advisory Committee. law.
Another step is the purchase of goods and payment of services by Panchayats at the GeM which will be inaugurated by the Prime Minister today in Rewa, Madhya Pradesh.
Other speakers at the public meeting were Sports Minister KJ Alphons, BJP Meghalaya State Unit President Shibun Lyngdoh in the presence of many BJP leaders. Shillong, November 17: With the aim of preserving the environment, the Choral Evangelists group has organized a Christmas song competition on the theme of preserving the environment which was conducted by Barnes Mawrie SDB. RV Lyngdoh, Minister of Urban Affairs, said, “We should be people who know how to respect others and especially the environment because the Son of God has chosen to come to this earth.
There are still many strong workers of the Congress party who have decided to leave the Congress party because they do not support Bah RB Shdap who is the candidate of the Congress party to contest this election. MDC.“For now we will gather all the members and colleagues of the Congress party to consider leaving completely and also to give their support to Bah James Sylliang. “said Bah Hoping Stone Marsing, President of Nongsangu Primary Unit.
The party's MDC, Bah Martle N Mukhim, said that the party doesn't say much, the point is that the current reservation policy has shortcomings as the party has spoken well on this issue when it was in government. you will do your best to adjust your Reservation Policy.
The Government has temporarily suspended metro and train services as well as air services in the country.
In his speech, the CGM encouraged the NGOs through the assistance of Bah Jubanlang Kharbihkhiew who is one of the State Mobiliser for the scheme.
“Of course, we know that the Aadhaar registration has been contracted by the Central Government, but we urge the District Authorities that those who want to register Aadhaar in Jaintia Hills, should The District Authorities and the Village Authorities should register their names only in collaboration with the District Authorities and the Dorbar Shnongs so that there will be no problems in the future with our heritage. .
The President of the Block is Mr. Allenson Shabong.
On the part of the Chief of Army Staff, the Royal Bhutan Army Chief expressed his gratitude to the Indian Army for doing this great job.
To implement the Aspirational Blocks Program and to prepare an appropriate framework for the development of blocks, workshops have been held in villages and blocks across the country.
The Prime Minister urged the leaders of the pharmaceutical companies to work hard to develop RNA Diagnostic Kits for COVID-1
Meghalaya received the Fair Play Award.
Recently, the Supreme Court of India has ruled that the MCI can not only give its approval but also authorize the start of any course of study. it depends on the federal government.
In this regard, they said that in the beginning there were many obstacles and difficult paths to reach the priesthood.
When the Cultural Program was opened, the DGP of the state, who was impressed by the ability of the students of Mission Upper Primary School Mawryngkneng to showcase their physical skills, called for a memorial service. day.
It was found that these fraudsters used studios disguised as police stations or government offices and also wore police uniforms.
“If India recognizes and treats our people separately by placing them in the Sixth Schedule and through this Schedule, the Constitution of India has also empowered the JHADC to create Our own laws in many areas including the protection of our own nation and culture, why do we as a nation ignore the life and death of our own nation? " said Mr. MH Dkhar.
NEIGRIMS has issued this announcement on the 19th of this month stating that due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the hospital authorities have issued new rules and regulations and the advance payment of patients. COVID-19 is the number four.
It is said that in politics there is an increase and a decrease.
Other speakers on the occasion were the Chief Justice of the High Court of Meghalaya, Justice Sanjib Banerjee, who said that the Circuit Court has been set up at Phulbari. The bridge connecting Assam and Meghalaya at Phulbari is expected to become a market in the coming years and will boost the income of the state.
The residents of these two places and adjacent areas have actively participated in the yatra.
in), along with detailed information and downloadable videos about Sengol at today's meeting.
It is said that the school was started 40 years ago through a farmhouse, a cow farm and now it has become as it is.
“As the in-charge of the state, my job is to ensure that no one will leave the party,” he said.
His wife Meenakshi Jolly also took over as President of the Air Force Wives Welfare Association (AFWWA) today at the HQ Eastern Air Command, Shillong.
Those who have received the first Tika so far are 13,53,224 lakh, those who have been given the second Tika are 9,51,100 lakh. There are 24,952 cases in the country.
In their speeches, both these leaders expressed their gratitude that once again, although with a small force, they have been able to join hands to distribute these items through the Dorbar Shnong. to those citizens who are in legitimate need of assistance at such a time.
The debate on the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) has been heated and many ethnic groups and organizations have expressed their concern and opposition to the Act.
He has been missing since the 17th of this month at 5 pm.
Police have been informed of the incident and they have rushed to the scene and the arrival of the police has been a protection for them.
“The party will not rest on these three issues until it reaches the goal of victory,” he added.
At the public meeting, NPP candidate Conrad said the opposition will try to mislead the people in this way and in that way, but the people should know that this election is not for one day. but it is for the future because the city of Tura has been forgotten in the past years.
On the other hand, the Chief Guest expressed his gratitude especially to all the people of Mawkynrew Constituency who have given him a glorious victory in the MLA Election. “This victory as MLA of Mawkynrew Constituency is not his own victory but the victory of the people of Mawkynrew Constituency,” he said.
On the other hand, the DIG encouraged the youth by saying that the youth should lead from the front, be good people and you will not grow in humanity with education. “We are brothers and sisters, let us respect each other as a family to get good youth,” he said.
In 2014, insurgents in Garo Hills have killed six people and abducted seven civilians.
The project has been delayed due to the announcement of the Lok Sabha elections and the implementation of the Model Code of Conduct (MCC).
“Inspired by the development of the Umiam Viewpoint, our goal is to develop and improve the shops in TynamMasi Viewpoint which will attract and please the world's travellers.
He acknowledged the role of Ashbad Anganwadi workers, health workers and those working in the pharmaceutical industry who have supplied locally produced vaccines to all parts of the country in a very timely manner.
Speeches were also given by several elders.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The Election Committee of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Nongstoin Circle for the term 2018 to 2021 has announced that it will hold the election of the new office bearers of the KSU Nongstoin Circle.
On the part of the Chief Guest, the Rangbah Shnong, congratulated the Umroh Sport Club for organizing this successful tournament.
Also present at the meeting were the Hima Mawphlang, Rangbah Shnong, Riew Rangbah, members of KSKJ (MEDC), teachers, students and others.
The Congress party will work hard to prepare for the MLA elections in 2023 in order to come to power in 2023 and to form a corruption-free government.
Jowai, Naitung 06: The Jaintia Marginal Coal Miners and Owners Association (JMCM&OA), one of the organizations that looks after the welfare of the small and medium coal miners in Jaintia Hills, today held a meeting today. Last Saturday, she sent a petition to the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi to express the problems faced by the coal workers and contractors due to the ban on mining and The JMCM&OA, in a petition sent to the Prime Minister of India, has urged the NGT to take action against the NGT's order. Tens of thousands of residents of Jaintia Hills who earn their living from coal mining have been severely affected by the NGT order. Many of the poor households in Jaintia Hills who earn their living from the coal mining industry have now started to suffer.
He said that we will try to make a difference this year in which the cultures of many Hima will be brought on these days.
Shillong, Lber 22: Adhok teachers from Lower Primary and Upper Primary Schools, including Higher Secondary Schools under the Federation of School Teachers of Meghalaya today held a march from outside the residence of the Governor of Meghalaya. Field Curse.
The union urges the government to do anything in a transparent manner to appoint jobs through the DSC and MPSC. they shall have their own rights.
That was my conversation with the officers of the Ministry of Education who visited.
At the same time, the party would like to thank the leaders of various villages in the area who have always supported and encouraged the party in this regard.
This surprised the police.
The Central Consumer Protection Authority urges all stakeholders to follow these rules and refrain from promoting illegal activities under the laws of the country.
The turnover of vehicles on these roads is daily.
In a statement, Bah Thangkhiew said that the HNLC has opened the door to the state government as well as the Indian government for the HNLC's speed to reach the table of negotiations. The government authorities have closed the doors opened by the HNLC and this action of the government authorities has shown that the government wants to talk to the HNLC through war.
On the same day at 4 pm, there was a beauty contest called Tura Winter Queen and there was also a costume show in which these costumes were dressed by the skilled costume designers of the area.
Vehicles leaving and going to Nongstoiñ have been stopped.
The existence of the Sixth Schedule has been a protection for the nation in which the nation has been able to maintain the traditional Khaddar rule until now that the Hima and Village Councils fall under the jurisdiction of the District, the Village Council. Umiam belonged to the Hima Mylliem and the Sanad was obtained from the Hima.
The chief guest, Synran Najiar, was eager to take the role of Het Rande as a real person who lived in that ancient time in the ancient environment.
The three candidates announced today are Robinus Syngkon from 3-Raliang, Longsing Bey from Nongpoh and Stepbourne Kupar Ryndem from 15-Mawlai.
Shillong, November 23: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CORP) Central Zone under the leadership of President Bah Johnyfast Lakhiat in the presence of Central Body Secretary Phrangkupar Sohtun and members visited the Maithan and Nalari Company is the factory that produces the rnga.
The Minister said that in the past, India used to receive medicines for decades after they were manufactured in other countries.
In another incident, two vehicles number AS10-Ac-3673 and AS10-AC-4701 were arrested from Umkiang. The drivers of these vehicles fled the scene and were taken to Umkiang Petrol. Shillong, Lber 13: The Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy today received a complaint from the DMR. The State Government has proposed to abolish the Administrator Rule within the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
He said that from now on, if there is any call to rally, the public should rally and not just talk at home.
This was held at Amlarem Civil Sub Division.
It shall be ensured that all the rules relating to distancing shall be in accordance with Rule 3(i) of the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government.
She said that such programs will enable the students to showcase their talents in any field.
These opportunities, which are increasing over time, also open up opportunities for our youth,” said Minister Duh.
For 100 years you have been trying to build this road but according to the information we have received, not even the money has been allocated for the construction of this road. street.
The Minister said he firmly believes that the four Amrit Stambhs of Amrit Kaalki which are the power of women, the power of youth, the power of agriculture and the power of the poor and middle income books will lead India to new heights and transform India into a developed country.
To strengthen the party, it was decided that after the end of the rainy season, they will go around the villages of Meghalaya to meet with the people and to meet them to discuss their problems. they meet every day.
There is a need to help those who are suffering and there is a need to be more spiritually strong.
At the same time, many people expressed their gratitude to the media who have struggled to write the news regarding the lack of electricity post in the area which has created a dangerous situation.
Speaking to reporters, NEHUSU Vice President Easter Sohtun said that after the appearance of NEHUSU, there are many other students who do not want to reveal their names. They have experienced the same thing as this young woman.
The Government of India, as it is now, has discriminated against us in many ways because we differ from the land tenure system, Khlaw, Marpoh Khydew.
Zenith questioned who will collect T.75 crore per month and T.900 crore per annum. He alleged that the people in power have used MeECL as a source of income. cow eats milk.
This is how our country was built- by partnerships between citizens and government, between the private sector and society, between the family and the wider community.
Shillong, Nailur 27: The four-day meeting between the Border Security Force (BSF) and the Bangladesh Border Guard (BBA) in Shillong ended today. They talked about many things how to cross the border.
She said that the government is aware that there are insect-infested kwai in some parts of the state, so it has already provided assistance by distributing kait and sohtrun seeds to 3581 farmers. they will be able to compensate for their losses caused by the insects of the trees.
Nongstoin MLA Gabriel Wahlang has urged the NPP-led MDA government to look into and review the Reservation Policy, 1972 so that There shall be no discrimination against the State or any discrimination.
Shillong, March 31: The Deputy Commissioner of Supply, East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday said that all ration shops will close on this job forms are available in the office.
Shillong, June 10: Mawlai MDC Process T Sawkmie on Monday inaugurated an Inter-School at Umsaw.
Shillong, July 28: U Bah AL Hek, Minister of State for Animal Husbandry, on his visit to Delhi, met with the Minister of State for Agriculture and Rural Development, Shivraj Singh Chouhan.
Mizoram Governor Vakkom Purushothaman has visited the recruitment centre. A total of 4700 youths have arrived at the recruitment center in the past two days.
He said that we need the Pnar language because everyone has its own script and he requested the JHADC to invite experts and experts on how to develop the Pnar language first. The Pnar area has many languages ​​spoken, so that there will be no problems in the future and to avoid ethnic conflict, it was said that we should join hands to develop It is not only the District Council to approve but also to talk to the higher authorities so that it will be a blessing in the future and the world will know its uniqueness.
Shillong, July 09: The Khasi Biria Association (SBUK) today signed a social agreement with Fraternity Arts Cine Entertainment Shillong (FACES) at Shillong Press Club.
“When asked whether the BJP will cooperate with the NPP in the Lok Sabha elections, Hek said, “I don't see any reason why (the BJP) will cooperate (with the NPP).
Therefore, if you have any phone calls or if you don't have a mobile number, please don't accept your mobile number. mist.
Speaking at the closing ceremony of the CPA meeting, he said that the Commonwealth was established in 1911 with the aim of promoting knowledge of the Constitution, the administration of affairs within the Parliament, the literature, society and culture in democracy, especially in the countries under British rule.
On the other hand, Bah Prestone Tynsong today moved a motion of 'Vote of Confidence' in the House to verify the overpayment in the House.
The construction of the office and training centers has been completed, the construction of the women's and men's dormitories has been completed, the government has allocated to appoint 58 persons including the post of Vice Chancellor and Register.
Dkhar said that there is no information about the talks of the people in the room, because all these are just the speculations and opinions of the people, but the UDP is confident that they will. cooperate with the present coalition government.
According to SP News Agency, most of the affected houses are in Mawsynram Dongshiling village and also in Dongneng and Dongrum villages of Mawsynram village.
The suspect was identified as Teibor Lynting from Kharmalki. He was on the road and when people passing by saw him, they arrested him and informed the police. Police chiefs also rushed to the scene to conduct investigation.
The welcome speech was delivered by Professor SK Srivastava, Vice-Chancellor, NEHU. Chancellor NEHU Tura, together with the parents of all the 8653 students who received the awards at the Convocation XXV of NEHU today.
Three persons inside the vehicle fled the scene and one of them took a pla but the volunteer of the Home Guard chased him from behind and arrested him. When I opened the plate, I found that it contained stem powder and it was suspected that it was a drug that cost thousands of rupees.
The teams that reached the final of the Indian Round of the Women's Team Event were West Khasi Hills District and East Khasi Hills District.
Over a 30-day training period, the coach witnessed first-hand the extraordinary potential and eagerness to learn displayed by Meghalaya’s emerging athletes.
The President of the HSPDP, said that before the meeting in Delhi in November, 2022 for those demanding a new state, there will be a meeting between the HSPDP and the leaders of other parties. communities demanding a new state.
The government's objective is to achieve the target of 33% special employment for women.
At this meeting, the Minister of Home Affairs said that as demanded by the protesters, the police have arrested another person involved in the riots on Thursday and he is now in the custody of the police for further investigation. more.
The region has seen many opportunities in local businesses that can solve many problems including unemployment and the lack of national visibility of the region's culture and heritage.
Because you don't have a pateng, you don't have a picture.
This is to make it easier for the passengers to avoid standing in line as at present there are seven entry and exit points, three for those going to Guwahati and three for those entering and leaving. and Guwahati.
The Chief Minister said that the receipt of funds from the Central Government has decreased but has not decreased as expected. from the federal government.
Speaking to media, Bah Pynshngiang Syiem Chairman of KHADC, said that a letter from the office of the Governor of Meghalaya has reached KHADC today stating that Bah Latiplang has been recognized as a CEM of KHADC. With this recognition of Bah Latiplang as the new CEM of KHADC, the CEM has now been able to appoint Executive Members within the KHADC. Initially, the rules were followed that the report on the election of CEM was sent through the office of the Deputy Commissioner to the Governor's House and now it has been approved.
The Primary Unit consists of 28 members.
Assam has been facing more problems due to the influx of foreigners and this demand comes from the fact that the neighboring state has many foreign nationals who have left to invade.
Mairang, Jymmang 20: St Joseph Higher Secondary School, Nongkasen, which won 13 gold, 8 silver and 10 bronze medals, has become the winner of the Inter School Athletics Meet Khasi Hills District.
Because of this conflict, the farmers of Lapangap village have stopped farming in the rice fields and the Karbi have also stopped to use their power against the Pnars in Lapangap.
He said that these students who have completed their studies will be the shapers of the new India. He said that since 1947 India has received foreign investment of Rs 950 billion and Of this, 532 billion has been spent in the past three years.
UDP General Secretary Dr. Jemino Mawthoh welcomed the 18 members in the presence of Paul Lyngdoh, UDP Vice President Alantry F Dkhar, UDP Vice President Alantry F Dkhar and Donbok Khymdeit. Nongpoh Constituency Bah Balajied Rani and other party leaders and members from various units.
The Prime Minister urged that no speech should be made without knowing the truth. He said that a petition has been sent to the Office of the Prime Minister of India, to the Governor of India. state and also to the office of the Chief Minister of the State.
After completing all the necessary procedures, the body was handed over to the state police and the body was taken to Khliehriat CHC for post mortem.
The Cabinet today also approved the decision to set up a Model College at Ptharkhamah. On the same day, the Cabinet also approved the appointment of staff at the college.
Langstieh said that before the Lok Sabha elections, 2024, there was a video clip that was circulated in which it was seen and heard that the Minister while speaking at the election campaign rallies, The VPP has issued allegations against the VPP and this allegation is that this party will destroy, kill, oppress and destroy one ethnic group and this is completely wrong, untrue and untrue. day.
A complaint was registered at Rynjah Police Station on 24/05-2015 that a 14 year old girl was raped by Ferdinus Marbaniang.
The CWC of Shella Bholaganj Block has recently lodged a complaint with the Chief Minister regarding the killing of two foreigners in Ichamati.
In explaining the new vehicle, SS Kim said that it is different from other vehicles especially if these vehicles are stolen.
Police also found a tit in a box in one of the rooms.
“I remember, (I won’t name) one of the officers, she completely left the meeting.
Today, the celebration of Myllung is on the 18th December, 1940, the day of his death.
He is currently suffering from a broken leg and is undergoing treatment at Klew.
The government will pay 25% of this arrear.
Shillong Lajong have three points from their three-match draw and will now have to prepare for their next match against Gokulam Kerala FC. Kerala on the 19th of November at 2 pm at the SSA Stadium, Shillong.
Former Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, has recalled the times of Covid-19 when he worked with Dr. Andreas and said that he was a brave soldier in the country. thma that the state is fighting against the Covid-19 pandemic.
In a statement sent by the two organizations, they said that on the part of the police, two people who witnessed the protest, Ralte and Joyti Wahlang, said that they knew that the the meeting shall be held.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The filing of nominations for the Legislative Assembly elections to be held on the 23rd of this month has ended today.
Tata Motors has also introduced another special opportunity for journalists which is the Journalist Priority cards which can help them in accelerating the production of their products.
The Sanmer Youth Association in collaboration with the Bansara Eye Care Center conducted the treatment.
Members of the All Meghalaya Dancer Association.
The Prime Minister gave examples of the Parvatmala scheme for the construction of ropeways and the PM DEVINE scheme which will accelerate the development of the North East by ensuring ease of approval for major projects. not related to development.
At the same time, the union expresses its gratitude to the private sector who have donated to the union to send youngsters abroad to be trained in this field even by the sports department of the state government. you have not received any help to this day.
The suspect, who was arrested by the BSF, confessed that he is from Bangladesh and has been involved with the ULFA for three years. He is from Badagazni village and his name is Peramisom Marak. , his residence is located in Jhenaigati, Sherpur District, Bangladesh.
The State Government on Tuesday approved the appointment of Iamonlang M. Syiem as the new Chairperson of the Meghalaya State Commission for Women (MSCW) following the resignation of former Chairperson Phidalia Toi.
According to sources, the bridge falls under the jurisdiction of Mawsaw PWD Division in South West Khasi Hills District. tragic event.
The states which have sought the assistance of the central police are Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh and Punjab. Rapid Action Force (RAF) and CAPFs.
Police have seized two stones from the residence of Kong Magdalyne and found that the doors of the house were broken.
“It is not enough to say that they are intelligent but it also requires knowledge,” said Bah Hek. “It is not enough to be intelligent but the most important thing is to know. respect god and be humble this will be important.
Lt Gen DS Ahuja, GOC 101 Area will inaugurate the ceremony.
This is the second time that this program has been held especially for the Bhoi Mikir (Karbi) people from different villages of Ri Bhoi District. of the Umwang Raid.
"On the second day of the drama, Bah Sylvester Kurbah, Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Phudmuri, praised Father Vendrame for the good deeds he has done in the Khasi country which loves spirituality and to the knowledge of wisdom.
There are 473 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in the country, 62 cases from East Khasi Hills, 5 cases from South West Garo Hills, 3 cases from West Garo Hills. Jaintia Hills 2 people.
On the other hand, Bah Sawkmie said that the present government has also taken responsibility for this issue, but it requires the cooperation of all because this is the honor and benefit of the state and to ensure that the The state should not lose this CAU as promised from the beginning and according to the government announcements made in
It was also decided to close down all the shops selling kiad.
Jowai, July 20: Four organizations in Ri Lum Jaintia, including the All Jaintia Youth Welfare Organization (AJYWO), the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) and the Hynniewtrep National Youth The HNYF-East Jaintia Zone (FKJGP)-Khliehriat Circle today decided to call a night curfew in Khliehriat Circle. on the 27th and 28th of this month, from 7 pm to 5 pm to express their protest against the Meghalaya government on the non-response of the Meghalaya government to their demand for the repair of the National Highway. 44 road from Mookyndur to Malidor which has affected the traffic of the people.
In the afternoon, a procession was held in which the people of the country took part with great enthusiasm even in the midst of the natural disasters.
No one has been able to replace Narendra Modi and he does not respect anyone who speaks against him no matter whether they are from the state or from other parties,” he said.
Vehicle passes should be issued from the office of the Director of Agriculture and the BDOs, the relevant officers will ensure that all comply with the rules and regulations laid down by the government.
The border issue has been going on for a long time and the government is doing its utmost to resolve it in a timely manner without any interference. .
Marak, Publicity Secretary- Dilseng M.Sangma, Asst.Publicity Secretary- Togarik R.Marak, Leobatseng Ch.
The KSU Umstain Unit is known as the KSU Umstain Unit.
Answering a question on the shortage of funds for District Councils, the Minister in charge, James K Sangma, said that this problem is not new, one of the reasons is the overcrowding. staff.
On the other hand, the DGP said that in these areas there have been cases of shooting by unidentified persons. they will not take the law into their hands if anything is reported to the police.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne today handed over the Sanad to Bah Criag Alan Lyngdoh to become the full Lyngdoh of Mawphlang Hima. elections in
Their main demand is that the prime minister should ensure that the road under construction should be completed as soon as possible, as well as other roads connecting from one village to another. four villages of Dura Kalakgre for the convenience of the farmers.
The Seng has immediately sent a report to the State Government to look into the issues.
On the other hand, the NYDO has clarified that the Dorbar Shnong has not done anything wrong and the allegation that the needs of the Shnong intend to disrupt the smooth running of the election is unacceptable.
They also discussed the shortage of staff in the Water Resources Department and the future of the Muster Roll and others.
Shillong, Nailar 25: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that seven people have died of COVID-19 in Meghalaya.
We should no longer take marriage for granted.
HANM believes that this is the only law that can prevent the infiltration of large ethnic groups and protect the small ethnic groups, not only for Meghalaya but for the North East as a whole. Because even the Assamese people have almost become Rit paid now, especially the Khasi and Garo people if they cannot be protected by law it will be difficult to protect them from the illegal influx of foreigners.
She urged the youth of Meghalaya to apply for the Central Government.
The PWD hopes that the road from Shillong to Jingjal which passes through Nongstoin will be completed in due course.
On the other hand, the government has promised that it will fight to maintain peace and order.
The number of cases by district is 57 in East Khasi Hills, 1 in Eastern West Khasi Hills, 8 in Ri Bhoi, 1 in South West Garo Hills, 1 in West Garo Hills and 1 in West Jaintia Hills.
Praise and thanks go to the protesting crowd.
Shillong, July 27: A 20-year-old boy named Vicky Kharsohnoh has committed suicide at his residence in Pynthorbah. He was rushed to Nazareth Hospital Shillong. However, the hospital authorities announced that he had already died on the way.
On the other hand, the MDA government wants to provide protection to the people of the state.
The BJP's fraud, especially against the people of the North East, is that they have only announced that the allocation of funds is very high, but the allocation of funds is very low. This is the easternmost part of India.
It is however unfortunate that on the 23rd of May, 2023, two trucks arrived in the compound and removed the equipment that was there and transported it to the Civil Hospital at Mawkyrwat, South West Khasi Hills District.
The KSU War Jaintia urges the truck owners to take action against this increase in vehicles. If they do not do so within the 15th, they will not be able to do what is necessary, said the KSU War Jaintia.
Shillong, Naiwieng 25: As a guideline to support women in the employment sector so that they can stand on their own feet, the Rynsan to promote women to set up their own businesses has been held. The Niti Aayog, in collaboration with MakeMyTrip, announced the launch of Project Maitri.
The largest Mawshun lyngkhot, which is more than 12 inches long, is shot again by U Tyrnem weighing between 5-10 kilos. inches.
Shillong, Naitung 09: The National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS) has increased the examination fee of teachers from T.300 to T.370 per subject. who have to take the examination for Diploma in Elementary Education (D.El.
Not only that, the Chief Minister and Deputy Chief Minister of the MDA government have already criticized the teachers that they can no longer allow them to take part in politics and if they want, they give their opinion. advised) pyllein pyllein to go to Court.
Shillong, July 11: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Prestone Tynsong, today said that the government has decided to turn the Lat Parking at Iew Mawlong into a jhur market. you're in the market now.
Police have urged the public not to post those names on social media and they will be punished according to the law.
Due to the refusal of the Minister to meet with them, they have gone many times to ask for time but nothing has happened. so they will not se to call strikes.
Shillong, March 18: Mawsynram Police have arrested Andy Blah on charges of burning down the MeECL office in Mawsyram during the ILP protest. They said that Bah Andu, who works in the office, has burnt the documents because he has misused the money of the office which is the light bill collected from the people.
Shillong, Lber 12: Khliehriat Police on receiving a tip-off conducted a special raid and arrested seven robbers and seized a gun from them. , knives and bullets.
However, as the UDP and HSDP are under a partnership agreement with the RDA, they have brought the MP election to the RDA. Robert has decided to become the candidate of the RDA.
Shillong, Naitung 17: After a meeting to discuss the proposal to amend the Indian Forest Act 1927, convened by the Forest Department of the State Government, in Shillong on 16th July 2019, The Meghalaya Land and Forest Owners Association (MLFOA) and the Federation of Khasi States have asked for two months.
At the same time, the JSU through this statement today, expresses its regret over the difficulties faced by many students in applying for their scholarships especially those who apply for Renewal Scholarships due to lack of funds. to lock In.
FKJGP spokesperson Eldie N Lyngdoh told reporters that the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo Peoples (FKJGP) has continued to protest on the basis of the government's decision to implement the Inner Line Permit is not available in the state.
The problems in the border villages cannot be addressed with the clear understanding that a line should be drawn or boundary stones should be drawn to separate the villages and the people.
The DC said that such incidents will not be allowed to cause racial discrimination.
Speaking at both the rallies, Conrad said that the attendance of thousands of people at the rallies shows that the people of Manipur want to give their full support to the NPP party. Many issues affecting the North East as a whole were discussed at the meeting.
Shillong, August 10: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday said that according to the report submitted by the Incident Commander, Zone-VII and Medical Officer in charge of Mawlai UPHC, there are no workplaces at Mawlai Nongkwar. Block-8 and Block-9 have refused to test on 9/8/2
He said that this year the country has added 75 community radio stations bringing the total number of community radio stations in the country to
Afterwards, the Holy Mass was celebrated by Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh in the presence of Fr Paul O Lyngkot, Fr John Zosiama, Vice Provincial, Fr Richard Majaw, VG of Shillong Archdiocese. , Fr Pascal Lyngodh, Parish Priest of the Cathedral, Salesian Priests and Religious Men in the Cathedral.
When he arrived in that country he studied Dutch.
At 10:30 pm, the Prime Minister will attend the meeting of the North Eastern Council at the State Convention Centre, Shillong.
He said that 113 lyer stations have been set up in Delhi alone.
On the other hand, KHNAM Ri Bhoi District said that we have the right to protect our rights and no one can take away this right from us.
“We would also like to point out that the curfew called on the 10th and 11th of this month has severely affected the students as they have had to postpone their examinations”.
He said that this shows that the government is trying to force those who speak the truth and asked the government that if Bah Anthony had organized the meeting at Madan Student, where is it? Freedom of Speech in a democracy and it is clear that the government's action is to silence all the mouths of those who speak out of concern for the situation. and the issue of the state as a whole.
They hope that these encouraging stories will encourage other mothers in their villages to come and take part in such training programs on their days and times. I'm still coming.
These Maxi Cabs which have loads on top of the vehicle also pose a threat to other vehicles as this road is narrow and difficult to climb especially for heavy vehicles. This is the warning issued by the police department today.
It is learned that today a meeting was held with the Shillong Police to arrange for the vehicles to park on the day of the funeral of the Archbishop.
On the allegation that if he comes to power to release the coal mining within 180 days, the Prime Minister said that he did not say this on his part, but this government within one year and three months. has been able to obtain a permit to mine coal according to the rules.
The KSU understands that the government is too ready to move forward with the uranium road because even though the road is not yet complete, it has tried to steal by sending AMD to drill uranium on the road. The area as happened in 2018 which has also caused trouble in the district as a whole.
The letter said that this is a suggestion to prevent the spread of COVID-19 in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Iaiong 29: Three civil society organizations today in talks with the government on the ILP have submitted a letter containing 10 demands that the government should implement how to ban the ILP. the arrival of foreigners in the state.
Just because there are BJP MLAs in the MDA government does not mean that the UDP supports the BJP's views.
Shillong, July 23: U Bah AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, today said that SBI Khanapara Bank has been closed after one of its employees tested positive for COVID-1 day.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with political parties, he said that the target of the Election Department is to reach 18 lakh registered voters in the state. So far, more than 17 lakh registered voters have registered.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, said that Thangsning Cricket Club has taken the initiative to hold such tournaments to promote sports and at the same time to encourage and promote the youth to develop their own talents in sports.
After further investigation, it was revealed that two other persons were arrested under the leadership of Nobin. Salgra D. Sangma, 18, of Dalu, Magupara, West Garo Hills and Sengsang R.Mark, 28 years old, was arrested.
Shillong, Iaiong 25: The Mother Union of Garo Hills today held a public meeting at Chandmary Square in Tura to protest against the rape. of women and children which has spread in these days in Garo Hills.
On the other hand, the KSU said, “Because as of now, the people of the area do not know that the PHC has been upgraded, even the government has not officially announced that the PHC has been upgraded. The signboard used at the PHC is also used in the name of Namdong PHC and not Namdong CHC,” said the Seng.
At the same time, Laban MLA Bah Sanbor Shulai in his speech said that as an MLA he has been an empowerer to the youth and urged them to obey the of their parents and to be the bringers of honor to the family and the state as well.
Regarding the assistance to the sick, he said that there should be an allocation of funds to assist as much as possible in terms of assistance to pay bills in hospitals.
At the same time, it was said that it is encouraging to see that some churches have come forward to talk to the people about this disease.
Shillong, March 06: To commemorate the victory of the Indian Army in the 1971 war against Pakistan, the Indian Army has installed the Vijayanta Tank. The Rhino Heritage Museum is located in Rilbong.
The fire broke out in the house of Iasuklang Nongspung, said the villagers who witnessed the incident. to the fire.
There are 83 examination centers in Shillong Region and 60 in Tura Region. There are 28412 female and 22922 male students.
The BSF troops on arrival stopped the trucks coming from Assam but they fled from the area where the BSF troops were and the BSF chased these trucks and stopped them near the Petrol Pump 10 km from Umkiang. .
“Singh said at MENA Climate Week that personal initiatives and decisions to live sustainably are essential to achieve the goal of sustainable energy transformation.
The Megha Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) and Pradhan Mantri Jan Yojana (PMJAY) Awards were also distributed to the hospitals that have performed well and have provided excellent services to the residents.
In his speech, the Governor urged the officials to use the training in order to serve the country and the people of the state. .
The Government is also looking for ways to strengthen the Meghalaya Forest Regulation Act 1973, which has been passed by the state of Assam.
Shillong, Nailar 12: The Jowai Municipal Board has faced difficulties in the disposal of garbage from the city due to the lack of a complete garbage dump in Mynkjia. it will be long.
He also informed the students that the quantum of reservation is 7.5% for Scheduled Tribes, 25% for Scheduled Castes and 27% for Other Backward Classes in jobs and admissions. The Central Educational Institutions Amendment Act 2102 is a terrible thing because this policy will deprive almost all the Khasi youth of jobs and the education opportunities for the Khasi youth will be very low. in any institution because we will get only 7 out of
The KSU has developed these recommendations with the belief that they will not offend or deprive anyone but will bring about the rights of the indigenous people of the entire state.
About 54 poor families from Umchongpet Village, Wapungskur, have benefited from this donation by Chiarmon Dkhar.
In France, the presidential candidate must receive more than 51% of the vote. If no one receives more than 51% of the vote, the top two candidates will have to contest again and the people will have to vote. thep vote again.
The Chief Minister said that at present there is no consensus, the goal of the government is to talk to the central government as the decision to demand ILP in the state has been approved by the House.
The Chief Secretary, Meghalaya, on 18th July 2012, in response to the Memorandum sent by the Dorbar to the Government of India on June 2012, also discussed the KHADC Village Administration Bill and on the Special Session on 13 August 2013, at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, to commemorate the 65th Anniversary of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India. The meeting expressed the following views: The Rangbah Shnongs and several leaders of the civil society organizations of Jaintia Hills who attended the meeting Many of them expressed their dissatisfaction with the lack of knowledge of the people of the Sixth Schedule, and in relation to the Village Administration Bill proposed by the KHADC. Jaintia Hills area on these issues.
Many of the people of the state are still illiterate. If change is to be brought, there must be a change in education.
During this visit, the Prime Minister met with the students and talked to them. The children also expressed their happiness to be able to talk to the Minister. chief of the state.
Those who came to take part were Col.
The district authorities hold regular meetings with the Rangbah Shnongs while the Block Development Officers visit the villages to raise awareness and support the initiatives taken in the villages across the state.
We thank everyone who worked tirelessly to oppose this bill.
On the other hand, Bah Shadap said that from now on when they go to the state government or the central government for their jobs, they will go in the name of FASTOM to speak.
According to the directive of the Central Government, all banks should not count the money of the people during this time of crisis. and so shall they be to them that work a hundred days.
He said that the EKHLTWA has already informed the DC that the owners of the vehicles will also file an affidavit against this order.
Rongra MLA Ruphul S Marak has resigned from his seat today to contest the upcoming MLA election from political parties.
Shillong, Naitung 04: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya today said that the government has introduced a change in the payment of income tax known as the “Profession Tax”. Autonomous Districts in their areas and in government areas are taken over by the Revenue Department.
Explaining on the death of the Lama of KHNAm, Bah Paul said that in politics we cannot walk like a lion, we have to work together as a team to bring victory.
“Even in Garo Hills, the employees of EMRI-108 have held a meeting because the proposal for a salary increase is too small,” said Bah Kharraswai.
Encouraging the institutions of higher education, President Kovind said that these institutions have a great responsibility to make India strong in education.
Shillong, March 01: Tens of thousands of Catholics today attended the consecration ceremony of Rev. Bishop Ferdinand Dkhar as Bishop of Jowai.
John F Kharshiing, Chairman, SPIKAP, said that after receiving the decision and the letter from the GEF/UNDP, he has held talks with the Meghalaya Government authorities including the officers of the Meghalaya Integrated Department. Basin Development and Livelihood Program (MIBDLP), Forest officers and others.
As it appeared in the media, it has been seen that the market has been very slow and this will affect the health of the people and also affect the drinking water source if it cannot be taken care of. time is right.
If these truck drivers go to Bangladesh and after their return they bring in COVID 19, the people from Riwar will be the first to get the disease.
As for the other posts, the examination was conducted again and they were appointed according to the prescribed criteria.
On this day, all the residents of Jowai Elaka have come to this place to bring their Rot according to the villages and kyntoit which the elaka has set since the time of the ancient men. and it is preserved unto this day.
On the other hand, the President recalled that when Meghalaya passed the Bill, the leaders of Meghalaya were present and waiting in the seat of the people, where the Prime Minister said that the Bill was passed by the Parliament. Captain Williamson Sangma was the first in the state.
Key areas discussed at the meeting included the need to enhance cooperation between the States and UTs; support for the introduction of CAPFs provided for all States and UTs; Support for the movement of CAPF personnel in the States and UTs in the border areas.
They were handed over to the law enforcement authorities for further investigation.
The medical examination will start from the 21st to the 26th.
It is learned that they have met with the leaders of the area at Themiew Mawlong and during the meeting they have discussed general issues, but their visit here is because they have concerns about the It is the stability of their people and they have confidence in this government to provide stability.
The owners of coal, mining, shyiap, stone etc., Seng Bhalang, women, parents, youth of Jaintia and Khasi Hills were also invited to speak and take a decision.
On the other hand, the traders said that the mining of coal in the state is good in the hilly areas like Meghalaya because it does not affect the environment as this mining has started since the time of the British. don't be afraid of India.
Some of these brothers and sisters have benefited from UCIL and some of them are unaware of the dangers that will come if they mine this mineral.
Speaking to reporters, the Minister of Mylliem Hima, Bah M Kharlukhi, said that the Hima is pleased to welcome the CEM of KHADC who has led the World Bank officials to discuss the issue of cleanliness. the morning of the market.
Bah Bandari said it is dangerous that if the quarrying continues, the school could easily reach Assam, so the school authorities and especially the Jirang authorities should not allow the school to be destroyed. Therefore, it is understood that the land will be owned by Assam.
Shillong, Lber 31: A three-year-old girl has been raped by a 22-year-old man at Baidrepere village in West Garo Hills. Ratal Hajong is one of the day's workers.
This place is a stone tomb or a stone tomb, which was built by the ancients with round and heavy stones in which the dead were buried in this holy place.
Regarding Tura Medical College, she said that the work has progressed and has now been completed by 57%, some parts have been completed beyond that. road, light and water supply.
The ceremony was attended by the families of the soldiers who took part in the Bangladesh War, the soldiers in Shillong and members of the NCC. Shillong, November 17: The Governor of Meghalaya today honored the 12 soldiers who fought in the Bangladesh War in 1971 at the JN Indoor Stadium. The meeting was organized by the Bureau of Outreach and Communication of the Ministry of Information and Communications of the Union Government through its office in Guwahati.
Khaddar Government that respects and respects the ideology of its fellow citizens including the minorities and tribals.
On this occasion, the schemes of various government departments for the benefit of the people were explained to the public.
The Dolloi expressed their gratitude and joy that discussions have started on these Law Kyntang, and said that until today they have received only once through the assistance of Bah John Kharshiing, ha They received the MPLADS scheme from former Rajya Sabha MP Robert Kharshiing, Ex-MP(RS) who donated a small scheme for the sacred laws in Khasi Jaintia, three years ago.
In fact, the way bridge already exists in Umling, why does the government want to build another one in Nongpoh, said Bah Syiem.
The media departments of the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting have prepared to conduct many programs to raise awareness about the Common Yoga Protocol (CYP) along with the benefits of practicing Yoga.
“We request the authorities to release the salary for the month of April, May and also the salary for the month of November.
Because if they cut that 150 yards, it will affect the land of the paradoh parasnam who live in that area, especially those who live in agriculture and the border villages will lose their village boundaries.
The body of the woman was taken to Nongstoin Civil Hospital for post-mortem. The cause of death of the woman and her husband is still unknown. also has not been found since his disappearance.
"Right now, the system is changing," he said.
On the other hand, the Congress MDCs said that it will be difficult to discuss the bill, as they have not had enough time to read it bin by bit and found that there are still many parts that need to be discussed. tidy.
All the Central Armed Police Forces (CAPF) planted trees across the country today as part of the tree planting program launched by the Defense Minister, Smit Shah.
“This is the India of today which is fearless and stable in business.
The union strongly condemns such acts which are exactly like violating the rights of other contractors.
The hearing of the nomination papers will be held on the 27th July, 2017 at 4 pm.
He said that since 1972 until now he has not changed his position, the only change is the name of the parties. In 1972 there was APHLC, then HPU and now UDP. Shillong, November 18: The Khasi Student Union (KSU) today laid a wreath at the memorial of the NPP EC in KHADC. Soso Tham at NEHU to commemorate his 83rd birthday.
“In the following discussion, the Government, under the leadership of the Vice Chairman, agreed to hold the meeting.
The cities that have received the AMRUT are Arunachal Pradesh, Itanagar; Assam to Guwahati, Dibrugarh, Naogaon and Silchar; Manipur to Imphal; Meghalaya to Shillong; Mizoram to Aizawl; Nagaland to Dimapur, Manipur to Kohima; Sikkim and Gangtok; Tripura and Agartala.
It is to be recalled that on 21st June 2015, the KSU and the Rangbah Shnong of Raid Nongtung together with the residents of Umsur, Rymphum, Thangru and Tyrshing and other neighboring villages under Raid Nongtung Block-2 lodged an Ejahar. Mawlasnai Police Outpost and Superintendent of Police Ribhoi District against Lehnoh Karbi People Liberation Tiger group for allegedly demanding 2000 tyngka from the families of these villagers. They have not dared to say a word to the KPLT until now, but they have worked hard and sleepless nights to search for the members of the party like armed men.
The soldiers should have their own vote in their own states.
He recalled that the NDA Government had proposed four Syiems, Doloi and Nokma to become members of the ADCs but they refused because the ADCs as of now are partisan and party-oriented.
This Block still needs a lot of hard work, intelligence and innovation by the officers and staff of the Block.
On the other hand, Sarkar said that there has never been such an agreement.
He said that he has also visited the market and this market which is very prominent and large in the state really needs improvement and the NEC has already allocated Tk. .11 crore to improve this market.
Ms C Guenauer, who has listened and observed the election campaigns of various parties in Meghalaya, said that she has seen that the people talk more about the candidates while in Germany they talk more about the candidates. The foundation of parties, and the election issues in Germany are about Health Insurance, taxes (because everyone pays 40 percent of their income as taxes to the Government so that they can have adequate economic growth), and other other.
New Delhi, June 22: The Union Cabinet led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has appointed the CEM of KHADC from October 1989 to October to extend the exemption from the requirement to link Aaadhar of beneficiaries of Assam and Meghalaya and UTs of Jammu and Kashmir and Ladakh for the release of assistance to beneficiaries under the PM- Until October 31,
He said that the reason why the Sengbhalang has protested is because of the government's pressure and ignore the demands for the peace of the state as a whole and don't misunderstand or be misled because the government itself is forcing them. to fight.
The union would like to suggest to the government to conduct random tests in the villages to know more about the presence of the disease in the villages if the people in the villages do not have any cases. The government can ensure that the village is free from the spread of Covid
Speaking on the occasion, C Sangate, Additional Director, NACIN Zonal Campus in Shillong, said that besides other duties, the Central Government has directed them to look after the GST in the country. other.
Indians anywhere can raise the flag, take a selfie with the Tiranga and upload it on the Harghartiranga.com website.
More than 7.5 lakh people have benefited from the PM SVANidhi scheme by moving forward towards financial independence.
Foreigners who participated in the Tablighi Jamat were found to have violated visa requirements.
Compared to other elections, this time it has nominated many candidates.
The scheme was launched in India in 2011 in three states, Orissa, Rajasthan and Bishar, in 2013 in Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh and now in these three states, Assam, Mizoram. and Meghalaya.
Finally, the Seng said that it is useless to celebrate Meghalaya Day, while the Pud u Sam has not been resolved even though Meghalaya has been in existence for 47 years, said the statement.
Shilong, Lber 12: A meeting of four political parties, the KSU, FKJGP, HNYF and RBYF, today at the office of the KSU, to discuss some issues related to the death and the righteousness of the mynnder.
Therefore, according to the view and feeling of the union, it is unacceptable to introduce this railway line in Ri Bhoi unless there are enough rules to protect and provide adequate benefits to the indigenous people and the railway line. The MP should invest the money in his own budget first and then when these necessary measures can be implemented for the welfare and peace and benefit of the people. to our people.
“Bah Rishad has been found to have a blood clot and the samples have been sent to the police. FSL to conduct investigation.
Shillong, July 03: NEHUSU together with the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (NEHU Unit) today staged a protest in front of the MBOSE office against the government's delay in releasing the food fees for the year 2022- 2023 On the delay in the release of this money, the General Secretary of NEHU SU, Samla Banpynbiang Riang, said that it has created problems for the students especially those who come from poor families.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with Congress office bearers, he said he had no knowledge of the protest to change leaders within the Congress party. Speaking to reporters from the media, he said that there has been no discussion on the issue of replacing the leader.
secy, Mr. Peace Pale.
This announcement by the Minister of Education on the occasion of the 25th Anniversary of Nabon Women's Synod College has brought joy to the people of the area where the youth will receive education in their own country. the thian and the dong.
In a few months, efforts will be made to obtain land from the landowners and other requirements for the construction of towers in 25 Mile, Borsora, Nongnah, Keniong, Rangthong and Phlangmawprah. .
At present, the seat has not been vacant, with the first announcement being that the Chairman has been removed.
In the complaint lodged by the brother to the police, it was said that Shoberwl had committed the crime twice and that he had committed the crime on the 8th and 25th of this month.
This shows that the government's actions are a violence and harassment of the indigenous people from time to time.
The NHAI has taken over this road since 10th July 2014 and has promised to start work immediately, but until today there is no sign of anything. or to go on your own to visit this road.
The meeting was held at the District Library in Silchar. The meeting was held at the District Library in Silchar.
At present, National, GVK EMRI provides its services in 15 States of India and Union Territories as well as Sri Lanka, besides assisting in the transportation of patients. GVL EMRI also transports animals by calling 1962 through the Ministry of Agriculture. If you call 100 for women in need and 181 for mothers in need, If the mother dies, please call
New Delhi, March 25: The Union Minister of State for Sports, Vijay Goel, on Tuesday said that youth should be encouraged in sports and it is necessary to promote sports. as a compulsory subject in all schools.
Furthermore, the Committee of the Union has decided that the Dohksah competition for the youth who wish to compete will be in five categories according to the weight category starting from 55 kg, In the 60kg, 65kg, 70kg and 75kg and above categories, the winners of each category will compete for the title of Champion and will also receive a cash prize of up to 15,000 tyngka along with a cash prize of trophy and certificate and others.
General Secretary John D Sangma said they will soon convene a public meeting in Shillong to discuss the issues of the rural people living on the border to get members to the executive committee to strengthen the party.
There are 19 cases of COVID-19 in East Jaintia Hills, 202 cases in East Khasi Hills, 128 cases in Ri Bhoi, 6 cases in South Garo Hills, 3 cases in West Garo Hills and 25 cases in West Garo Hills. Jaintia Hills 20, West Khasi Hills
Heavy rain and strong winds on Tuesday caused landslides and collapse of trees and shrubs in parts of the National Highway-6 in East Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, Naitung 20: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today held a meeting with the Chairman of Coal India Limited in Kolkata to discuss how to transport the remaining coal according to the decision of the Supreme Court of India.
If it weren't for the Khasi in the past, they would have sought the reasons before God and if they had lied and cheated or cheated and deceived the rights of the people, they would have done wrong. to ask forgiveness before God because these leaders now don't listen to the voice of man.
Speaking to media, Samla TS Shangrit, said that the party stands on the ground that the government should set up a Blood Bank at the hospital so that it will be a blessing to the people. They are treated in CHCs, PHCs and Sub-Centres throughout the West Khasi Hills District.
The convening of the Umsning Town Durbar at this time is also against the Epidemic Diseases Act, 1897, as well as the Prevention of Epidemic Act. Diseases) Act 5.
In her speech, MSWC Chairperson Theilin Phanbuh said that the commission's job is to protect women.
As it is clear that this club has also started collecting entry fee from the public and when there is a collection of money from the public we understand that this is a business.
“The Expert Committee will hold a meeting on the 8th of July to discuss this issue,” said the MGNSA leaders.
He said the people know better about the work that this Government has done and this time the Government under the leadership of the NPP has come back to power because of the trust of the people.
“I see these tragedies happening almost every day.
The union has informed the Principal to correct this mistake and to issue other sweaters with the correct spelling and writing belonging to Mawlai.
Although the auction will be conducted by the Central Government, the mining leases or composite licenses for these minerals will be awarded by the State Governments to the winners of these auctions and the premium from the auctions and payments shall continue to be made to the State Governments.
The chief guests on this occasion encouraged the club to start such a tournament in this area and also encouraged the players to work hard to reach the goal.
Bless Dkhar said the party has given two days to the government including MSB and MUDA to clarify on this issue and if the government does not do anything on these issues, the party wants clarification. On the other hand, the union will take other measures and will lodge a complaint.
The Seng also expressed its gratitude to the State Government for the relocation of these people, according to a statement sent by the Seng Spokesperson Bah Melvin Japang.
Other guests who spoke on the occasion included Kong J. Shabong, wife of I (L) KLSwer, Bah Hamlet Dohling Ex.Gen-Secy KSU, and U.K. FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle President.
The RBYF Umsong congratulates all the students who have passed well in their examinations, and reminds that it will soon award awards to those who have passed well in their examinations. examination according to the grades passed.
For this Puja, a gathering of all religions will be held on the 23rd of this month.
The JAM Trinity – Money, Aadhaar, and Mobile – is a pioneer and a key player in India's digital payment systems.
The Minister of Forests, Dr. Aman Warr, urged the government to preserve the forests so that the environment can survive because there is a relationship between the environment and mankind. he urged to take a commitment to environmental sustainability.
Ms Iamon urged all the people, when they go for a walk, when they drink beer and eat ship, not to throw plastic bags into the forest but to put them in their vehicles and throw them in the designated places. , but unfortunately, they throw them away in the mountains.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: To facilitate the travel of the people on Lum Shillong, the PWD department in 2017 has constructed a road from Basti Gate to the Suin Army Gate at Laitkor and out to Ksehbilat.
This group of singers has performed in many languages ​​of India, and the singers include many different ethnic groups of this great country.
On the other hand, the Minister of Education, Rakam A Sangma, has promised that the government will soon bring the Shillong Campus of the Captain Williamson Sangma State University to Shillong.
Shillong, Nailar 26: The Governor of Meghalaya today swore in Martin M Danggo MLA of Ranikor and Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh MLA of Mylliem as Cabinet Ministers at Raj Bhavan. government of Dr Mukul Sangma.
With this arrest, Garo Hills has been saved from a tragic incident.
The government has been looking for land for many years but has not yet received the land, but until now the government has not received the land and these two places the government still has to. make a decision to choose which one of these places.
The BSF said that all the counterfeit money came from Bangladesh to smuggle into India through these smugglers.
As the residents of Riwar area, and as a group we see the mismanagement of NHIDCL and the contractors even after destroying the road for three years,” said one of the leaders of FoRMLD.U He said that the destruction of the Shillong-Dawki road has also led to an increase in the fare of vehicles which has affected the people and every month vehicles have to go to the factory due to the snowfall. street.
In Terbari, Hahim, Pilangata, Khanapara, some of the civil society organizations have expressed their views and some have suggested and expressed their wish that the feelings of people living on the border.
A Missionary, Rev. Angel Jones, who lives in Jowai, the largest town of the Jaintia Hills, composed the song “Remember the Khasi Hills”.
On this occasion, a portrait of Purno A Sagma was placed at the party office and the leaders laid flowers in front of the portrait to pay tribute to the party leader and the founder of the party.
At present, the UDP has six MLAs and with the departure of Mawphlang MLA Bah SK Sunn, the UDP has seven MLAs in the 58-member Assembly. Martin M Danggo of Ranikor and Agatha K Sangma of South Tura were also present.
Fifth – Do your best to help those who are less fortunate.
The Rangbah Shnong, Bah Richard Nongkhlaw, said that this incident is not new but has happened many times and this has put the residents in trouble from time to time. government to remove this problem so that the residents of the village can leave in peace.
On the other hand, Boston said that the problem of the GHADC now is in terms of the salaries of the employees and the departure of the MDCs from him is to join the NPP because the NPP has to the government in the hope that it will be able to help because all the District Councils rely on the assistance of the government.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: The total number of confirmed cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills today has risen to 173, 97 from West Garo Hills and 60 from South Garo Hills. There are 888 cases in Garo Hills, 4 in East Jaintia Hills, 2 in East Garo Hills, 1 in Ri Bhoi and 1 in South West Garo Hills.
There will also be various Cash Prizes for the winners and medals will be awarded to all the participants who have completed the race along with an e-certificate.
Shillong, Nailur 12: All government offices and schools will be closed on the 18th of this month as it is Unitarian Day. Anniversary Day”.
The Vice President of the HYC, Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh, said that one of the youths who has been addicted to drugs has been handed over to the Mawryngkneng Youth Association for treatment at the Rehabilitation Center in the state. Assam.
Speaking on the budget, the Chief Minister said that the state's revenue this year is estimated to be T.12,510 crore including from the government's revenues from all sectors. The government will receive T.11,280 crore and excluding foreign borrowing, the revenue will not reach T.11,302 crore.
Momin also urged Prime Minister Duh to set up more cashew processing plants in the region.
Think about what will happen tomorrow.
Those who go to Bhoi have to pass through the Shillong Bye Pass.
The party has also granted bail to John Hahshah, Assistant General Secretary of Mawlai Circle.
We will also pray for them to have a healthy body, because of their ability to reach the goal of this group not only the bring glory not only to Mawlai but to the state as a whole.
The day was marked by performances by students of various schools.
Bah Dkhar said that it is the presence of such illegal liquor shops in many parts of the NH-6 that will cause chaos, violence and tragic incidents on the NH-6 in the family, in the community and also in the society.
Shillong, June 09: The President of the Voice of the People Party, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, on Tuesday said that the President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) has accused Pyniaid Singh Syiem of Umsning. Pyniaid replied that Ardent has been appointed as CEM of KHADC by the State Government.
The group was led by Bah RB Shadap as President along with other leaders and at this meeting it was decided to join the UDP party. .
After the bridge has been lowered to a safe place, traffic will be allowed as usual,” he said. bridge.
Speaking to reporters, he said that there was a clash between two groups of people on the road and they came to the police station. filed a complaint while another did not respond.
By telling the stories of great people from this region, he inspired the entire country to follow in their footsteps.
If the cohabitation is for the purpose of having a sexual relationship between the two parties, they shall be deemed to be married.
Shillong, November 01: The Hynniewtrep People's Federation (HPF) today met with the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Titosstarwell Chyne. no NOC stone.
Later, the Union of Urban and Khapsor Drivers met with the Executive Member of KHADC in charge of Labor Department, Bah Victor Rani.
The Election Committee invites applications from those who wish to contest the 2018 election for the KHUN Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement. The election committee will announce the candidates and constituencies in the coming days.
On the other hand, Sangma said that the Baranch Manager has been hiding the theft from the farmers of the area for a long time.
He has won four gold medals in Indian Games.
Because the scheduled times for the show are 11AM, 1PM, 3PM, 5PM and 7PM.
In the first round of the cruiserweight 80-86kg, Vishal of Haryana started to show his strength before Jugnoona of Services scored strongly in the final round to win 5-2
After the end of the curfew, it was seen that the people have left their homes for the past few years because this is the time of Christmas.
The Chief Minister said that any complaint regarding Benami should be lodged with the Magistrates of the Districts and the Superintendents of Police of the Districts.
Jowai, March 09: Leaders of the Meghalaya Asha Workers Union (MAWU) have visited Amlarem to meet with the ASHA workers in Amlarem Civil Sub Division due to their discrimination in terms of their income. to get.
Police rushed to the scene and opened fire on the insurgents.
It also aims to provide information on the country's achievements in Aatmanirbhar Bharat related activities through special programmes.
The NHIDCL office said that the state government has recently handed over the road from Lat Umroi to Dawki and they have been taking over the entire road from the state government for four months now. The collapse of the footpath at the Pung Umiam Sightseeing Point has surprised the tourists and when this news was released by the PWD, the The State Government has directed the NHIDCL to repair the damaged area.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: If the 40th CEM of KHADC fails, it is the sting of the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) to change the EC every six months, said Bah John Kharshiing, an elder who has been involved in the struggle for the election of the EC. preserve the customs and traditions of the Khasi Khara.
The KSU has raided banks from Mawiong, Mawprem, Stand Jeep, Garikhana, Upper Shillong, Mawkhar, Khyndai Lad, Barik, Malki, Laitumkhrah, Nongmensong and across the country.
The school has sent four students to write the Commerce examination in which all of them passed, one got first, two came second and one came third.
Shillong, Naitung 06: The Joint Action Committee (JACSO) of the South West Khasi Hills District (UCIL) has demanded that the Uranium Corporation of India Limited (UCIL) should cancel the tender called for the 30th of this month. 1st November this year with the aim of mining uranium from the area.
These incidents and time-consuming hearings have led to the need to establish a special court system that will expedite the hearing and provide immediate assistance to those victims of violence.
Shillong, Nailur 12: A 15-year-old boy has died of an unknown illness, said the Director of Health Services, Dr Aman War. His name was Welldone Boy.
Shillong, November 18: The Shillong Arms Fight All India Championship will be held in Shillong, November 18 with the support of the Bouncers Association of Meghalaya. Shillong.
The Seng would also like to express its special thanks to T.Iongwai Waheh Shnong Dorbar Nangbah who has been with us from the beginning of the program until the end.
This is according to a statement sent by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, he said it was found that many of the people do not pay this tax from their earnings under the Meghalaya Professional Trade Act, 1947 as amended.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: Leaders of the Meghalaya School Welfare Development Association together with the leaders of the trainees D.EL.
He also congratulated the Shnong Umlyngka Youth Association for being a great supporter of the Dong Mawpun Youth Association.
We should not take this stingy and we see the increase in the number of cases of COVID-19 in Shillong,” he said.
On the other hand, the BJP is confident that it will win this election.
He told stories about Vivekandndabad and urged the youth to strengthen their understanding.
On the same day 27/2/2022 for the post of MPRO will be 300 marks and the examination will be from 2.00 pm to 4.00 pm.
Therefore, to avoid the threat to the state, the party needs to have Article 371 and to strengthen the Sixth Schedule.
He visited the village on the border with Assam to meet with the residents of the area where they held a public meeting to discuss the social agreement signed between the two Chief Ministers. Meghalaya and Assam.
Speaking to reporters, he said that the CPC has now celebrated its 25th anniversary since its inception in 1993 and on this occasion it will celebrate its silver jubilee with various programs throughout the year. and will conclude in November of 2018.
Shillong, November 31: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed 67 cases of COVID-19 positive in the country. Hills District and 1 of West Garo Hills District.
The KSU can confirm this by the fact that the members of the KSU have been able to arrest foreigners who are freely moving around the area where in fact there has never been such an entry in the past years and months. especially in Mawkyrwat and border areas.
Shillong, July 13: The Chief Election Commissioner of India, Rajiv Kumar, in the presence of two Election Commissioners, Arun Geol and Anup Chandra Pandey, said that in Meghalaya, the number of voters who reached the polling station There are 290 people over 100 years old, 22658 people over 80 years old and 7478 people with disabilities.
The Kur said that according to the rules of procedure of the Kur Mawlong Mawmih & Krang Mawkhar, the post of Kur Leader should be held by the children and not by the children. Then they asked the question.
Lamerphylla Kharsati, Maya Ika Lamar and Dalarympei Kharmawphlang have organized a program called “Kilometre Zero” which attracts people who have the skills of building, drawing and painting. keep and shet the tiew.
The third largest market in the world is India.
In fact, if the government takes action to open the sub-centre, the people will be happy and comfortable especially the poor families.
This will help to improve the distribution of food to the people, he said.
The question is what has the Government, Shillong Cantonment Board and MeECL done about this?  Why is the Government blind and doesn't see that such people are here?” asked the President of the HYC. He said that the union will lodge a complaint with MeECL and demand that it should cut off the electricity supply to these people.
U Bah Vincent H Pala of the INC, accompanied by party MLAs and supporters, has filed his nomination papers for the fourth time in the last MP election. I have won three seats in the Congress party.
At present, there is no need for universities and colleges.
, Daryaganj, Delhi.3.
The Central Government has allocated T.151.77 crore for the completion of the ICCC but not as it appeared on social media that T.150 crore will be spent for the installation of up to 300 CCTV cameras. This was announced by the Executive Director of the Shillong Smart City Project, Vijay Kumar in a statement.
Today it was seen that the residents had to stand in line to submit their applications according to their needs to get the curfew pass and also the passes for vehicles used by office departments. who have to go to work.
Regarding the purchase of hotels, quest houses for quarantine of health workers and officers, the cost of quarantine is T.2.67 crore. He said that there are only 158 ambulances in the state. However, 25 new units have been purchased. The government has also assisted 10,049 persons who have strayed abroad with T.3000/- tyngka each.
The demand of the students who wrote the NEET examination with the JSU came after more than 400 students who wrote the NEET examination received two sets of questions. The first is M,N,O,P and the second is Q,R,S,T.After writing for a while, the questions from M,N,O,P came back. The examination conducted the examination and gave another set of questions from the Q,R,S,T and said that the questions they gave first were not correct and thus the students were wasting their time.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: After the meeting with the HNLC leaders, Bah Prestone Tynsong, it has been agreed that the full talks will start in July as it has appeared in the media.
The donation by MATTI is 3,000 tyngka each and blankets.
Regarding the death toll from the earthquake, he said that only one person died from Meghalaya and the others from Assam.
The Deputy Commissioners and Returning Officers have been directed to arrange for the number of vehicles that can be used by the candidates in this election and the candidates must have obtained permission to use the tyndong. this election.
The bronze medal was won by 10 girls from West Jaintia and West Garo Hills.
When searching the vehicle, 4135 bottles of Phensedly were seized. Police are conducting investigation to track down those involved in the trafficking. illegal.
The last ceremony was attended by Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, Secretary, Renikton L. Tongkhar MLA Mawkyrwat, Titustarwell Chyne MDC Sohra. Teiñwell Dkhar has three sons, one daughter and two sons.
At this meeting, it was decided that if there are any issues, they should be discussed within the MDA.
The decision was taken at a meeting between the two parties today.
The Seng wishes all the students who will receive the results of HSSLC Arts Stream and in the coming days that they will be able to reap the fruits of happiness which will be the pride of the country and the whole nation.
Before the cleanliness drive, a short meeting was held at the football ground conducted by Bah M Kharkongor. Also present were Bah AM Shadap, Bah LS Rapthap and other dignitaries.
U Bah Starwin in his speech condemned the killers of Kong Kyndiang Dohling by robbers who don't have any knowledge of the soul of a human being. It is more likely that she is a person who has a defect in her body parts. These robbers have killed her just because she doesn't speak.
Speaking to reporters at Congress Bhavan, Congress Spokesperson Bobbeets Sharma said the purpose of the Bharat Jodo Yatra is to make the people aware that in the BJP rule since in the year 2014 to date.
China is a close ally of Moscow and an economic beneficiary as it has become a major buyer of oil and gas after the United States and its allies stopped buying from Russia. .
Previously, Desai served as Principal DG, Central Bureau of Communication, and was in charge of Government Announcements and Information.
The financial report for the year 2016-2017 was also presented.
At this meeting, the CLP demanded that the government should pay the salaries of the employees regardless of their rank and type of work. the salaries of SSA teachers and Municipal employees in the state.
The union will not sit idly by but will go to the officer to ask for an explanation why the office is not improved if nothing can be done. of the Office may reach the point of closing down the Office.
Lyngdoh said the government has not acted on its own but has followed the rules and regulations passed by the Legislative Assembly.
Referring to the state, Bah Hek said that in Meghalaya, the allocation of funds to the state from the Ministry of Rural Development alone has reached T.450 crore while for others, the Chief Minister has allocated T.450 crore. state knows better.
The silence shall be held at workplaces and a two minute traffic jam will be suspended throughout the state at 11:00 pm on 30th July
Regarding the BSF and other troops, the government has allocated space at IIM for quarantine as there is a shortage of space for the troops.
The Additional District Magistrate of West Khasi Hills District, Nongstoin, has enforced 144 Crpc and banned those who possess licensed firearms and others from carrying them during these days. which was released by the government.
The Working President of KHNAM, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, while talking to SP News Agency after the meeting with the Governor, said that during the meeting, the Governor said that this Bill from the Government and when he receives it.
Neighbors and others who live in the village look after and provide for the invited guests and also take responsibility for various chores.
On the other hand, Samla Halen Nongtdu encouraged other youths and said that sports doesn't end here, now that there is an Artificial Turf ground in Deiñchynrum, the youths should not lose hope but work hard to reach the goal. .
KHNAM, BJP and UDP have expressed their concern over the delay in the working methods of the MDA government. MDA doesn't have the same government.
According to police, the suspects arrested the woman near her house and locked her husband and five children inside the house after the mother resisted. Their purpose has been cleansed like a bullet from my head.
“This goal is to bring about cleanliness.
Minister HS Sohlang said that the 45 chiefs of the Hima did not have any information about this signing and after we received information about this we expressed our strong opposition.
The dance was organized in collaboration with the members of the Nongwar Khasi Association, Sohra Circle Khasi Association, Mawlai Khasi Association, Nongthymmai Khasi Association and others.
In June, 2018, the NITI Forum for North East was appointed to regularly monitor the development situation in the North East.
At present, the leaders of the civil society who called for a protest to demand ILP from the government have been expelled. The protest of the civil society is in accordance with the Constitution. The MPDA has alleged that the government has not taken action against the ministers and officers who allegedly embezzled the money of the people. either either.
The FKJGP also asks the government, 'Have those leaders who used to know that they are the legislators forgotten the Thymmei, where did they come from and where did they get their knowledge??? 'It is a great shame for the State Government to commemorate Teachers only once a year on the 5th September by organizing various programs to celebrate Teachers Day only as a day. The implementation of the rules should not cover up the mistakes and mistakes at all times.
Tura, Nailur 05: Four members of the ASAK surrendered before the Superintendent of Police of South Garo Hills District on Friday morning. This morning, another one was completed in which a total of five insurgents came to surrender.
Special training on the causes of drug abuse and the dangers of drugs was also given by Bah Truman Basaiawmoit who said that the cause of drug abuse is due to the pressure from friends. , this happens most often in children aged 14, 15 years and also faces hardships in the home.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: Replying to a question by Bah M Nongrem, Leader of the Opposition, Grace Kharpuri, EM in charge of Forest Department, KHADC, said that it is true that there has been a misuse of forest department. The money belongs to the royalty by the forest ranger of KHADC who has been appointed at Umtham.
In the last six years, there have been 45 ambulances and they have served 43 places in all the districts of Meghalaya.
He said that in all the social agreements signed after 2019, the Modi government has worked hard and taken steps to implement all the terms.
To prove the allegation that the MDA government does not respect the BJP party, the party has three MDCs in JHADC, the EC is led by the NPP and supported by the UDP. the BJP party has been elected to the opposition.
Today's match was between Rimiki FC and Mookhep FC. Mookhep FC won by 2 goals to
He also explained the meaning of the child help line by saying that the child help line number is a number where children can call or inform to ask for help at any time. for any problems or difficulties they may encounter and to provide assistance to them.
He said that tourism is one of the sources of employment for many people.
Regarding the Body Management Protocol, the government has already prepared it and it has been distributed to the public and discussed with the DCs and this will be implemented in the districts.
Regarding the Iewduh, the Prime Minister suggested that the government is ready to work with the Hima and it is up to the Hima to discuss with the government how to do it.
“We have registered a complaint and the investigation is ongoing.
They were surprised that her daughter, Redolency Syngkli, who is currently studying in Guwahati to work as a lab technician, was in her village for Christmas and New Year and that she was helping her mother to weave silk. ) stole.
It is to be recalled that the Seng in the past has informed and met with the BDO of Laskein Block to implement personal bank accounts to pay salaries, but until now the office has not. The BDO of Laskein Block has not yet responded to the demand of the Seng.
They were seized from three bags of the bus coming from Silchar.
Herman Nongrum President of SRKBH confirmed the office bearers.
“This company should not be here because if it remains, it will affect the residents more severely because this company will not be able to restore the cleanliness of the rivers including the water. Umtrew and the Umsiang River,” said James.
He said it is not easy for the MLA to step down, but Martin M Danggo has not thought of himself for the benefit of the people. Rainkor Constituency.
When asked whether the Government will be able to resolve the financial crisis of these two ADCs, as they have not been able to pay their salaries for years, Sangma said the Government has to help and provide. support to the district councils but cannot take over the responsibility for the payment of salaries.
As part of this initiative, up to 130 Self-Help Groups (SHGs) have been established to empower farmers in the cultivation and marketing of these aroma plants.
To implement this, the government has appointed a PMC to prepare the DPR in 2019, which will look after the work for the improvement of Laitumkrah Market and Polo Commercial Complex, while the schemes related to AMRUT has appointed the Faecal Sludge and Septic Management Committee and the tenders will be called soon.
The theme of this year's Trade Fear is “Start up India; Stand up India.
The death toll has risen to 40 but the details will not be released until the investigation is completed as the Magistrate and SP are still on their way to investigate the incident. tragic event.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: Meena S Marak, mother of Balsan S Marak, who died in the hands of the law, arrived in Shillong today and said that she has already filed a complaint against the SP of Tura. MK Singh and will not back down in this struggle.
This has happened since the government has dismissed the teachers who used to be at the school but until now the government has not been able to appoint others to become full time teachers.
During the meeting, the Chief Secretary said that the government has already prepared but they still have to wait for the approval of the Chief Minister who is outside the country. In India.
The Symposium proved to be very important and gave us the opportunity to meet with various NGOs to discuss urgent and necessary issues.
Elections are a matter of life and death.
Shillong Lajong will now leave for Delhi to face Indian Arrows on the 26th of this month in Delhi.
Timothy Jones Dhar, teacher at ITI Shillong and Madhav Singh, teacher at Alpha English HS School, are two from Meghalaya among 75 teachers from across the country who have been selected to receive the award. National Teachers' Award on November 5, 2023 in New Delhi.
At the time of writing, police have arrested three persons involved in this crime and are still searching for another person who is still on the run.
The RSS leader said there is only one God, where Muslims call Allah, Christians call Jesus and other religions call by different names. “People who do not believe in God, but to reach the truth there is only one God, the naim cannot give life to man but the righteousness of man can give him life,” said Bhagaiah.
Nongpoh, July 18: The residents of Umsong, Ri-Bhoi West, and surrounding villages have missed out on watching this year's World Cup.
The ICMR is looking into the availability of such kits to promote the availability of other options for citizens.
Police said the money seized today is worth T.2.6 crore.
Shillong, July 27: Sandeep Sharma of Meghalaya has won the Rynong medal at the Kettlebell World Championships, 2024 held in Poland, Europe.
The purpose of the surprise search was also to curb the speeding of two wheelers on the road which are usually driven when they are going for recreation.
Rockski EMG, the organizer of the festival, had to cancel the opening day of the festival due to heavy rainfall which also caused the collapse of the Kurkalang Stadium at Bhoirymbong, Ribhoi. District.
The Congress party expresses its opposition and urges the government to think about the poor and needy, at the same time to explain to the people that this price hike is not a suffering to the people because price increase.
Shillong, Lber 19: U Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister in charge of Rural Development, on the issue raised by Dr Azad Zaman on the investigation into the illegal implementation of MGNREGA schemes in Selsella Block. A complaint has been lodged and the account officer has been dismissed.
There were also other awards for the winners such as Miss Personality, Miss Beauty with Brains, Miss Beautiful Smile for the girls and Mr Personality for the boys. Mr Brawn with Brains and Mr.Dashing Smile.
Shillong, July 10: The newspaper report that “after 27 years of struggle, MUA-II has decided to ban uranium mining” is a truth or a misrepresentation to the people of the state.
Among the three injured, two are Home Gurad policemen of Assam.
This affects their time and they also have to spend a lot of money to stay in hotels.
Speaking to reporters, Rahul Gandhi said the Congress party does not have enough money not only to buy train tickets for its leaders who go to campaign.
Mr. James Kharbani, Organizing Secretary will visit the circles of Mawngap, Mawphlang, Tyrsad, Weiloi, Sawsymper, Nongspung, Sohpian, Mawsynram, Mawrapat, Balat and Lawbah Circles.
On the same day, the Chief Minister also convened a meeting of the Electricity Department in the state and at this meeting it was said that something needs to be done to build the site. to generate electricity from the sun or to set up a solar park and to have a waste incinerator.
Nongpoh, Nailur 04: Two shops in Khanapara, one jain shop and one mobile shop, caught fire at 9.30 pm this morning. you're light.
This is not the first time that teachers have protested.
This action of the police has surprised even the Rangbah Shnong who gave the NOC to the patient to drive the vehicle. for a good hour.
Our soldiers who stand to guard in the border areas, whether in the cold of the mountains or in the heat of the sun, or in the sky or at sea.
India has been promoted to foreign tourism related industries through the participation of the Department in these exhibitions.
Two deaths have been reported from East Khasi Hills and one from West Jaintia Hills, bringing the total number of deaths to after.
The Government of Meghalaya together with the NTCP has taken steps to implement these programmes.
On the 27th of March, which coincides with the 77th birth anniversary of Bah Spiton Kharakor, a party was held until midnight to welcome the Khasi New Year on the 28th of March,
Besides, the WHF has also provided financial assistance to seven persons with disabilities from the same village.
Therefore, the government should appoint CBI inquiries so that the rights of the people should not be violated, said Bah Egenstar Kurkalang, President BJYM, Meghalaya.
Dkol Ch Momin of Shallang village in West Garo Hills District has surrendered to the SP of East Garo Hills District today.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Roshan Warjri said that it was a personal matter that she took this decision in front of the party supporters this evening at a meeting held at her home not to contest. The upcoming MLA election will be held in
Dr Kharlukhi has been with Purno A Sangma at Blie's house since he was expelled from the Congress party and formed the NCP party. Shillong, Lber 12: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya today convened a meeting of all political parties to discuss the issue of peace and order situation in the state as a whole.
It is also alleged that these foreign workers have hidden themselves inside the vehicle by covering themselves with the wood used in the cleaning of the road.
India should contribute to the exposure of such illegal activities and stands firm to end terrorism.
The President of the Association, Bah Herman Nongrum, in his speech as the chief guest, explained about the Association of the Elderly, saying that there are 104 million elderly people in India. after.
They were charged with corruption after HRACYPI President Kingstone Bolwari Sangma filed a complaint against them with the Meghalaya Lokayukta.
On the other hand, the KSU President Bah Lambokstarwell Marngar said that the KSU will continue to oppose the proposal to mine uranium in Meghalaya.
The word Thoh is a broad and broad meaning and does not mean just a word that refers to what is written with a pen on a book.
“The reason for this is because there are too many vacancies and the MPSC has not been able to conduct the examination on time.
The Vice President said that his 12-day visit to the North East is to meet with the people who have expressed themselves in various fields and this meeting will be to understand what the people of this country want. thain that for you.
Chief Election Officer (CEO) Prashant Naik said that about 9,940 election officers will be deployed at 2,485 polling stations.
Dr. Kharlukhi was one of the leaders of the All Party Hill Leaders' Conference (APHLC) which is a political party that has been at the forefront of the struggle for the independence of Meghalaya.
SHILLONG, Jymmang 28: The Father of the Day, who was popularly known as the market, passed away today at Nazareth Hospital Shillong, at the age of 95, after a long illness.
“When we see these errors, the Government has taken action to correct the errors as stipulated in the Act. that member.
The flag march was conducted at 2245 hours in the troubled areas of Shillong under the leadership and supervision of Lt Gen DS Ahuja, AVSM, GOC 101 Area. .
Shillong, Lber 10: Company Infrapeoject Ltd, which built a house in Mawkhanu for its work on the 8th of this month, has been robbed of its equipment by unidentified persons.
After investigation of the documents, the name of the owner of the vehicle and the address varies according to what appears on the e-challan App.
However, on the 23rd June 2023, two trucks came to the ground floor of the hospital to carry away the medical equipment. On receiving information, the KSU West Khasi Hills District Unit (KSU) has immediately inspected the hospital and found that it was true. The union has demanded that the State Government should immediately bring in new equipment and open the hospital in Nongstoiñ.
A total of 1268 males and 1366 females have passed the examination.
Shillong, Nailar 28: The Government of Meghalaya today said that it has received information that some teachers within the JACATCM group have announced several protests to protest against the government's refusal to allow the meet with the leaders of the organization.
We see the great danger to the nation if we allow the railway.
Shillong, Nailur 07: The Holy Father, the Head of the Catholic Church, on Tuesday declared that today should be a day of mourning as a sign of solidarity with the persecution of Christians in the country. Syria is now in the middle of a crisis.
The theme of this year's fight against this disease is, no more cases, no more deaths from this disease and no more deaths from this disease. those who have this disease are not allowed.
BJP leaders from the state are hoping that the party leader will come to the state and hold a meeting after the announcement of the elections to the Assembly. India's Lok Sabha.
Inclusion of vocational training, sports, arts, knowledge of India, modern skills, respect for Indian identity, knowledge of environmental needs and others in the training tuition.
With this election, the Kharlukhi Kur has now received a Minister in the Mylliem Hima along with 48 other Ministers.
So far, GHE_Connect has installed solar power plants in 400 households in the state and distributed stoves to 5000 households in the villages.
This is the first time that the Seng has been able to hold a meeting since the establishment of this office on 25th November
These MoUs were signed on World Environment Day to provide clean, affordable and reliable electricity to the states.
Shillong, July 28: U Teibor Pathaw today joined the Congress party. The reception was held at the residence of former Mawlai MLA FS Cajee in the presence of HDR Lyngdoh, Minister of State for Home Affairs. state government.
The winner of the Kramar will receive T.2000/-.
“Where will the youth go especially those who are poor and needy if the government does not provide a playground and other necessities for them? Who is responsible for the involvement of young people in wrongdoing? Isn’t that the responsibility of the Government? We hope that the present government will focus on looking after and providing for the needs of the youth for the benefit of the state as a whole.
Pretty recalled Dr. Donkupar Roy who tried to bring unity among the ethnic parties and wanted to have only one strong ethnic party in the state.
Adelbert left KHNAM after it was decided to give MDC tickets to Thomas Passah from Jaiaw and Rocky Hek from Mawkhar-Pynkhor constituency.
Members of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYM) who were planning to march to Majai village on Tuesday were blocked by the Sohra Police Station and the Magistrates of the Sohra Civil Sub-Division at Umstew. the place between Laitryngew village before reaching Sohra.
The Department will also act as a strategic leader to shape research, oversee priority areas of research in line with national multi-sectoral integration goals, provide input from those working in these activities and the openness to collaboration between researchers, policy makers and those involved in these activities.
Shillong, Naitung 20: The Federation of Meghalaya Adhoc School Teachers Association (FAMASTA) today awarded four students who came fourth out of 20 students in the Secondary School Leaving Certificate (SSLC) examination. of 2017 was held at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar.
This was announced by KSU Byrnihat Circle President Wanphrang Mawthoh.
“I am pleased that till today I have visited all 36 constituencies and I have received the blessings from all the constituencies of the Shillong Parliamentary Seat,” said Dr Ampareen.
Sangma said he had briefed Modi on the objectives of the Meghalaya Government and various targets set to be achieved in the next five years.
He said that there is a great need for these health centers because this addiction to this alcoholic beverage is destroying the future of the nation.
The Raid also urged the Assam government to stop the plan to set up a police out post at Umru.
Meghalaya needs to strengthen its infrastructure to attract foreign investors to the state.
To generate more revenue for the state, the government has been looking for ways and one of them is and according to the announcement of the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government, the state governments can conduct the lottery. The Cabinet today decided to introduce a lockdown in the state.
The Assam government has sent a report to the Meghalaya government saying that the rice and other rice taken from the market were found to be The Joint Commissioner in charge of Food Safety of Meghalaya, said that the people should not worry because there is no plastic food.
The High Court recognized the hard work of the state government, and especially the willingness of the government to take action on this issue.
Shillong, July 03: The Khan Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) today held a public meeting of the party office bearers to elect the new office bearers for the 2023 term. 2026.
The winners in the 55 kg weight category were, 1- Shri. Shri.Wicky Mawlong (Individual) (wins Rs.1000/-, Certificate & Medal) in the 60kgs category. The winners are: 1- Shri. Michael Kharshiing from Body Zoo Gym Shillong (wins Rs.3000/-, Certificate & medal) 2- Shri.Firmly Dkhar from Body Zoo Gym Shillong (wins Rs.2000/-, Certificate) In the 65kgs category, the winners were, 1- Shri. Zoo Gym Shillong (get Rs.3000/-, Certificate & Medal) 2– Shri.Pyndaplang kharkongor  naka Body Zoo Gym Shillong (get Rs.2000/-, Certificate & medal) 3– Shri.Emond Swer Lance Gym (get In the 70kgs category, the winners were: 1- Shri Donbor Rumnong from Body Zoo Gym Shillong.
Safe havens include homes, offices, market space inside sturdy buildings and vehicles with hard roofs with tightly sealed glass doors.
The Election Commission has stipulated that the expenditure of the MLA candidate should not exceed Rs 5 lakh.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the Deputy Chief Executive Member (Dy.CEM) of the Council, Bah Pynshngaiñ N.Syiem, said that the Council has urged the Syiems and their rulers to Raid to make it clear to the people that they can come out in order whenever the leaders of the Regional Committees from Meghalaya and Assam go to survey and express their willingness to stay. in the state of Meghalaya.
“Dr Tiwari also said that it is necessary to improve the society so that this will pave the way for economic development in our state.
Jingkieng Ksiar was first made into audio, albums, video albums, compact discs and later made into films. Since 1982, Jingkieng Ksiar has been released for the first time and so far there are 27 or 28 albums, said Bah Rana.
ICAR officials who attended the training were Dr Subhash Babu, Scientist (Agronomy), Bah Dauni Suting and Dr Utpal Dey.
There is no law against doing that.
The competition has now reached its 43rd Cultural Competition.
Speaking to media, the President of the union, Bah Kenedy C. Khyriem, said that since June, 2022, the Government of India, through the Ministry of Petroleum, has introduced 10% ethanol blended into petrol. country.
Opening up roads and providing opportunities will bring a bright future to them and will also boost the income of the North East,” he added.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: The Director of Livestock Department, Dr B Rijal, on Tuesday said that they will soon start examining the cows sold in Khanapara market. the same is true of the church.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The Dorbar Shnong of Pamra Kmai, East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehrait, held on the 11th of this month at the Dorbar Shnong, Shillong, has unanimously decided to give its full support to the Harvis Phawa from Jalyiah Village has been elected as the independent candidate for the 20th Muthlong-Sohkymphor MDC Constituency.
The KHADC should issue the NOC for the construction of roads, and for the uranium mining should not issue, “We request the CEM Bah PN Syiem to issue the NOC”.
At this time, Dr. Ampareen told the people who shouted prah shi prah to go home and after the commotion, the police took them to the police station.
There are 3512 polling stations and 32 new polling stations. The Election Department has held a meeting with the Chief Secretary to discuss and ensure the provision of facilities at the polling stations. , such as water lights and outdoor spaces.
Some of these reports said that the B.1.617 variant of the coronavirus is an Indian variant.
During the search, police seized a mobile phone, five sheets of newspaper used to package bullets, 940 bullets of Nitrazepam IP 10 mg weighing 9400mg, one blue plate.
Sarmah is the Chief Commercial Officer (CCO), Shree Narayan is the Chief Technical Officer (CTO), and Samarjeet Thakur is the Head Corporate Affairs (C&M).
The exercise between the Indian and Malaysian troops to strengthen ties between the armies of the two countries and to strengthen security came to an end on Saturday. , which was held at Umroi, Ribhoi District.
Dundee said that the recruitment process in the state is not transparent and therefore there is a need for a State Employment Policy so that the government can set the rules in this policy. Central Government offices and private offices should employ Riewlum people first.
“Under the guidance of Prime Minister Duh's vision, India's foreign relations are becoming a leader among countries.
The General Secretary of the UDP is not an MLA but he has accused the media of passing through the Coordination Committee of the MDA like the BJP. They didn't know because they were removed from their mum mum's position.
The HYC said that this will also affect the fish, rivers and livestock especially where people or animals drink the water flowing from the area which is suspected to have turned into longbih.
In the Mr Lum Kyllang competition, Joelizer Syiemlieh won the first prize, Luckyson Basaiawmoit came second and Wellsenstar Kharmawlong came third.
The District Collectors together with the districts and the block task force have been responsible for conducting this pilot and it is hoped that this will show the problems that can arise when giving real medicines.
Police suspect that these same persons may be involved in the robbery of a mobile shop in Police Bazar in recent months, as well as in Jowai, Guwahati.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The election to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will be held on the 24th of this month and the filing of nominations will start tomorrow.
CEM of JHADC Bah Madonbai Rymbai said that the JHADC is currently preparing to introduce the Bill in the JHADC Legislative Assembly and after they have completed the preparation they will pass the Bill as their own. KHADC: The CEM of GHADC, Dipul R Marak, said that the GHADC has already passed the bill on 29th October 2017, to ban Garo women from marrying non-Garo men. The CEM of GHADC, Dr Mukul Sangma, has sent the Bill back to the GHADC without sending it to the Governor. her.
Meghalaya has 4.5 lakh farmers, West Khasi Hills District has 1957 groups and the distribution of T.5000/- each for all these groups has reached T. lakh rupees.
The NH44 road from Tuber-Sohshrieh to Malidor (Assam border) has been covered with snow and ice.
The Chief Minister said that the government has sent an inquiry to the Inspector of Ri Bhoi District on 24/Jymmang/2020 and the report has been sent to the government. The accused factory has 6 employees and 20 day laborers and all of them are not children.
However, we are fortunate that through a phone call to the leaders of HYC Mawlai circle, we have been able to come back here, with their support, and my daughter has been admitted now.
Many of the people from different villages were surprised when they didn't even know the face and name of their candidate.
The purpose of this training is to remind the people that this part of the North East of India is in the middle of the earthquake path, which can happen at any time.
Referring to the desire for peace talks, he said he had spoken to former Home Minister Roshan Warjri but the Indian National Congress could not invite him to the meeting. “I have sent the talks to the media,” said Bah Thangkheiw.
Regarding the refusal of the district authorities to allow even the MLAs to stand at the Secretariat, the VPP leaders had to sit by the road near the Deputy Commissioner's office.
" added Bah Dkhar.
They were identified as Shanbor Rani of Mawlai Umthlong and Phrangsngi Kynter of Mawlai Nongpdeng. A case has been registered against them at the police station.
The names of the TMC candidates are: 2-Jowai, ASSndrew Shullai, 4-Mawkaiaw, 6-Khliehriat, Sunida Bareh, 7-Amlarem, 8-Mawhati Dr. 10-Sunmoon D Marak, 11-Gilbert Nongrum, 12-George B Lyngdoh, 13-Sunmoon D Marak, 14-Samborlang Diengdoh.
He also urged the new office bearers to take action to address many of the problems related to the deterioration of roads, education, agriculture and others which the people of the area are facing.
The President of the Congress Youth Wing said that under the leadership of Bah Pala, the strengthening of the party has been from the bottom up. “If the party comes back, the door will be open,” said Bah Adrian in a statement.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Shakliar Warjri expressed his satisfaction that the Meghalaya Games have started by burning the sharai and handing over to the organizers.
This sudden increase shows the impact of the Yatra and the ability of millions to unite towards a common goal of development.
Shillong, November 30: BSNL recently held a Hindi Workshop of its Official Language Implementation Committee in Shillong, Meghalaya.
so that the students in the rural areas will not face any problems.
Shillong, November 13: The Assistant Engineer, MePDCL Khliehriat today informed the public that there will be no repair of the 33/11 KV Bus at Moowakhu Sub Station. this month.
Details of job creation by these start-ups include details of skilled and unskilled workforce and also the participation of women.
Other sources said that the head of NEEPCO was on his way home from work in Laitlor when unidentified persons detonated a petrol bomb but those who had a vehicle managed to escape. fire.
As in the past year, due to the lack of ships, many of the animals have died because there is no way to transport them.
Minister Duh said that as soon as the budget was released, many people praised it.
The AIM has urged the government not to be a stumbling block in this regard as it is the right of every citizen and if the Meghalaya government does not allow the AIM to hold the This public meeting shows that it has not respected the Constitution of India as well as the decisions of the Supreme Court or High Court.
The people of Garo Hills understand all the facts and this is the answer they gave to the Congress party by winning from 23 constituencies except Ampati where the Congress candidate won only a little. eh.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Thangkhiew, Leader of the RBYF, first of all expressed his condolences to all the residents of Sohpdok who have suffered such a tragedy. He also encouraged all the refugees not to be discouraged because all these are the arrangements of the Creator. He said that the MLA of Mawhati, Bah Julius K Dorphang u They have been involved in the distribution of these soping tins according to the urgent needs of the residents of Mawhati constituency.
According to police, the 23-year-old mother was found dead by her husband and after that she informed the neighbors about the incident. She was taken to NEIGRIHMS on Saturday night and died the next day.
This shows the provision of resources in a very wide area.
When investigated, it was learned that the woman had given the pla to another boy to escape arrest.
These human rights violations include the illegal arrest and torture by the police of innocent people in the name of suspicion, the death of prisoners in prison, the killing of prisoners. police forces, kidnappings and killings of people by armed groups including rape and violation especially of the rights of women and children by the increasing number of rape cases that continue today .
On the 24th of July, 2023, the first batch of training was completed, with better training for Lady Supervisors, Cluster Coordinators, ASHA Facilitators, Cluster Resource Persons, Gram Sevaks/ Sevikas, Anganwadi workers, ASHAs, Community Gender Health Activists (CGHAs), school teachers, caregivers (mothers, fathers and other caregivers at home) members of Self Help Groups and Village Organizations (VO) so that other members working together can be trained in the same category, and to start training for village workers and village leaders.
The Deputy Commissioner also announced that the curfew in Shillong will start from 9.00 pm to 6 pm.
In one of the shocking incidents, about 15 Meghalaya Police personnel patrolling at Lapangap village on the border of Meghalaya and Assam, were attacked by the Karbi community in on Saturday.
Since the inception of the UDHR, there has been a relationship between the government of the people and the country. equal to the same rights" and these three have a relationship in human rights.
In 1984, he moved to Chiponsila and started farming.
There were also 30 Local Tourist Trekking Teams and about 100 villagers who came to join and take part in the trek.
The Food Festival was inaugurated by the Speaker of the House, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh. In his opening remarks, he said that this is not just a festival, but it has an important goal and that is to help those who There is a problem with the lives of those who have been admitted to the hospital in Nongpoh.
A case has been registered under Section 302 IPC against SI S. Pariat.
The Seng also urges and encourages all the MDCs from the ethnic parties to give their service and trust to be a protection for the country especially for our nation tomorrow.
“From T.141 crore earlier, the allocation has now increased to T.200 crore.
Police have registered a case under Shella P.S.Case No.09(04)2024 u/s 302/34 IPC against Sobir Dutta in Ichamati. Pohktieh, Lane-5, Shillong was arrested on 23/4/2
The BJP has alleged that the MUA-II is corrupt.
It may be recalled that there has been a loss of four lives by the Assam police in the past years.
“In India, technology is not the source of distance.
At this meeting, the Minister said that the government wants to bring development projects closer to the people and to improve their income. Livelihood generation Program (IBDLP).
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Jaiaw Circle, Shillong, will hold a free tuition session. for those children studying from Class VI to Class IX, who live in Jaiaw Pyllun, especially those who come from families who cannot afford to send them to work.
They were accompanied by BJP State Chief Spokesperson Mariahom Khrakrang, State Vice President Gagan Jain and party members.
He received the Award of Excellence in Sericulture from the Central Silk Board, Bengaluru, Department of Textiles in
At present, people from all over India and abroad come to the state to conduct research on wildlife, flowers and shrubs.
Members of the organization who are vigilant to prevent the spread of COVID-19 which has spread around the world which has frightened the people of the state as a whole especially due to the increase of the number of cases in Assam, which borders Meghalaya.
Donald Nongsteng General Secretary FKJGPUpper-Shillong Circle.
The state government has issued this announcement to improve the Khasi-Pnar inheritance system. “This inheritance from the father will lead to peace among the Khasi,” said Bah Rothell Khongsit from Khongthong village.
Our Constitution provides answers to aspirations, objectives and circumstances that arise from time to time.
Speaking to media at Shillong Press Club, Bah Pynshngianglang Kharumnuid, on behalf of all the students who have written the SF-10 examination, demanded that the government should release the SF-1 The results of the MLA elections in Meghalaya have been announced.
During the meeting, the BSF Chief said that they can confirm this claim. He said that until now, the insurgents from the North East of India are still there. In Bangladesh, the meeting also discussed the smuggling from Bangladesh to Bangladesh and from Bangladesh to India.
Referring to Shillong, the Minister said that Umiew will become a drinking water source for Shillong and New Shillong Township will become the Umkhen River. I'm still new.
In the Cultural Programme competition, the fourth prize went to Seng Khasi Higher Secondary School Shillong, the second prize went to Mission Upper Primary School, Mawryngkneng and the first prize went to Mission Upper Primary School, Mawryngkneng. Multipurpose Secondary School, Mawngap.
Police have registered a complaint at two police stations, one in Mawlai and one in Lumdiengjri under various provisions. well on these things.
Since that day until now, not a single person has been found from the coal mine despite the efforts of all means to rescue the people who have been trapped in the coal mine in Ksan.
It is not enough to blame, when you know, you will speak.
On the part of the Meghalaya Bar Association, the Meghalaya Bar Association strongly condemns the incident and strongly condemns the incident. This was announced in a statement sent by S. Chakraborty, President and NG Shylla, General Secretary.
The Home Secretary said that the Committee has been looking into the matter on a daily basis with the Central Government.
On the other hand, the President of HITO Mawryngkneng Unit, who has seized the vehicles carrying cows and muid without proper documents, said that the owners of cows and muid and vehicles should no longer pay anyone if there are any. money report to law enforcement.
“Therefore, these are the main reasons why it has to be accepted.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The District Selection Committee (DSC) in Ri Bhoi District on Tuesday delayed the issuance of the resolution of the District Selection Committee (DSC) in Ri Bhoi District. They have announced that they will hold a sit-in on the 4th October 2024 in front of the Indoor Stadium in Umlyngkdait.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: The Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (CEC) cannot just listen and be spectators to the Government's inability to resolve the issues and demands of the ASHA workers in the State.
The Minister has directed the officers to ensure that the transportation of goods is smooth and free from any disruption.
Shillong, Nailar 19: The issuance of orders to close markets, villages or shops suddenly or overnight by the state government has affected many people.
Nongpoh, March 11: The Central Bureau of Communication (CIC) under the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting, Government of India today launched a campaign to raise awareness on the importance of cleanliness and access to food in Ri Bhoi District. organize an exhibition and an information programme.
To fight against this land displacement, even developed countries, such as the United States and Britain, find it very difficult even in the midst of strict laws.
Participants should try to discover new ways of cooking krai, as well as other innovative cooking and developing new recipes.
The tournament was organized by the sports department of the state.
What they understand is that only those who pass this examination will choose to study doctorate.
To express its opposition, NESO has declared this day as a “Black Flag Day” as the Central Government has passed the bill even in the midst of opposition.
The project aims to work together with the community to feel ownership of the work as part of protecting and educating ourselves to be vigilant to the surrounding areas which are at risk from the activities of some people. without thinking of future generations.
Introduce yourself and offer your requests for help and remember when you lead them, don't hold your hand behind your shoulder and when you lead them to sit on the chairs, before they sit hold the chair with your hand so that they don't understand.
This is a golden opportunity for these children under the age of 12 years to get this opportunity.
The Prime Minister appealed to the residents to maintain peace and order.
She alleged that the BJP has used the Election Commission of India, the Enforcement Directorate and the Central Bureau of Investigation to harass opposition leaders. currently only 21 complaints have been filed.
Meghalaya has also won 35 silver and 78 bronze medals.
It is learned that the continuation of the incident will not be clear.
The total number of samples taken so far is 28937, 28167 tested negative and 280 results are pending.
The Umling Ri Bhoi District will be opened on the 16th of this month.
“Initially we were fighting with other groups from abroad to run the farm because we were expecting to make a profit and we didn't think that this disaster would happen and we would have to fill it ourselves,” he said. added.
In this regard, MLA Dikkanchi D Shira demanded that an inquiry should be conducted and action should be taken on the scheme.
New Delhi, Jymmang 28: The Annual Plan for Meghalaya for the year 2013-2014 is T.4151 crore. Chairman, Planning Commission, India Montek Singh Ahluwalia and Chief Minister Mukul Sangma today in Delhi.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The Executive Committee of Bah Teinwell Dkhar of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today decided to allocate Rs 1 crore to the MDCs from the Special Assistant fund. come from the federal government.
Shillong, March 15: The North Eastern Police Academy (NEPD) has held a meeting between the police officers who are undergoing training at the training center and actor Farhan Actar who came to shoot the film 'Roch On .
Tura, Lber 5: The Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) today proposed another peace talks and announced the names of the United Church Peace Forum (UCPF) and Muktiar Sujit Dey as the candidates for peace talks. ksiang to meet with the Governor of Meghalaya Dr KK Paul to lead to peace talks.
After the Governor twice rejected the Constituency Bill (Amendment) Rules 2013, and suggested the formation of a Delimitation Committee to consider the matter.
In the case of the media, it can be revised as follows:: means a writing that is consistent with what has already been written and is still being written until the story is completed for the media.
And these are the words of the High Court – What is sad to say now about this MUDA case, is the KHONGPONG AMENDMENT, which at the beginning was clearly stated as follows in these provisions of the law above. It is clearly written that this Act shall not apply throughout the State of Meghalaya except in the Autonomous Districts unless any District Council wishes to amend this Act in whole or in part. The Act shall not apply to the District Council, and shall not be subject to the Notification.
Shillong, July 04: Members of the Seng Hynniewtrep Youths' Council-Shella Area Unit today at 11 am found about 32 foreigners who came to Shella with the intention of working.
As part of the Mission Green, the planting of trees will also be along the roads and villages and schools will be allowed to participate in the tree planting.
This decision was taken at a meeting convened by MTC Managing Director A Nikhla and leaders of the MTCWU held today.
Speaking to media after the opening of the Academic Council meeting on Friday, NEHUTA President Prof. Lakhon Kma said that the Association's opposition to the implementation of the National Education Policy (NEP) since three months ago after Prof. Shukla has violated the powers of the Academic Council by replacing the Executive Council as the supreme authority of NEHU. The Academic Council has decided to implement the National Education Policy (NEP) for the Four Year Undergraduate Program (FYUP) and in relation to the first semester of the North. The Eastern Hill University Teachers Association (NEHUTA) has demanded that the examination should be postponed for another 10 months but not in November or November, The Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof. PS Shukla, has suspended the training of students.
Therefore, to restore the glory of the country, to restore the spirit of the rwiang once again, we must turn back to the Hyndai which was established by our ancestors.
The government's attempt to investigate only those members who demand ILP is wrong and this shows the weakness of the investigation.
He denied that they had attacked and said that the allegation was false.
“It is up to us how to implement the Rules and Acts and those who have the necessary documents will see.
These documents cannot verify whether the Dkhar has entered from the entry points, we don't know whether the foreigner has entered from the exit points. If he doesn't enter the entry point, how can he do it? He doesn't say anything. If he doesn't have the necessary documents, the District Task Force cannot stop the foreigner from entering the state and cannot arrest the Dkhar. and punish him.
Shillong, July 09: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has arrested 10 government employees in connection with corruption in India. within the state of Assam.
On the other hand, Bah Metbah expressed his pleasure to meet with these teachers and especially the spirit they have to develop the rural areas and promised to take action on their request and to see also the needs of the area.
Shillong, Nailar 11: To get to know the armed forces of the country, the Armed Forces today conducted a distribution of weapons to the public especially rifles at 101 Area Upper Shillong.
This statement was sent by the General Secretary of the Congress Circle, Bah Enry Lamurong and the President of the Congress Circle, Bah Bangeit Siangshai.
The AIM urges the people of the country especially the small country of Hynniewtrep Hynniewwasa to come out and give their full support to the Awaken. India Movement (AIM) which plans to hold a public meeting on that day to protect their rights and also to enjoy peace in the midst of complete freedom without interference.
The Shillong Municipal Board and the CRPF, even if they intend to prevent the flooding of this river during the rainy season, should do so in consultation with the village authorities without affecting or disrupting the path of this river. .
Bah G Kharaswai said that the Seng Kur Kharraswai will hold the award ceremony on the 30th July at Lawbah from 10:30 am until the end of the ceremony.
New Delhi, July 23: The Ministry of Railways of India has taken steps to improve and build new railway lines in the North East through the Northeast Frontier Railway. It covers the five states in the North East, Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland, Manipur, Mizoram, Tripura, Meghalaya and Sikkim.
“We send our special greetings to Pope Francis who is one of the defenders of human rights in the world and a man who has always come forward to fight and protect against the persecution of people who poor and suffering people all over the world,” said Bah Dympep.
The release of the song 'Survive', will draw from the tropes of the group the surprises that will be contained in the 11 songs that are now being released one after the other.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: Tobacco consumption is the leading cause of death and one of the most dangerous diseases.
The MDC of this constituency, Bah M Mawsor, was also present in the presence of the elders of the area.
Other speakers at the meeting were Bah GS Massar, one of the prominent legislators of the state.
In other districts, West Khasi Hills 6, Ri Bhoi District 65, West Jaintia Hills 15, East Jaintia Hills 18, West Garo Hills 31, South West Garo Hills 2, South Garo Hills 2 and North Garo Hills
The cycle race was organized by the Northern United Club.
The Youth Development Association (YDA) has concluded the celebration of the World Environment Day 2013 which started on the 5th of this month and ended on the 13th of this month.
Shillong, Naitung 18: The KHNAM party does not understand the demand to make Tura the second capital of the state, like Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka and Uttar Pradesh. Pradesh, which has two countries.
They will also check the number of residents in the census to check the property registered in the villages built by the governments of Meghalaya and Assam.
On the other hand, the KHADC is currently struggling to prepare the schemes for the second phase as the first phase is about to be completed and the KHADC will implement it according to the rules laid down by the government, he said. CEM of KHADC is Titosstarwell.
It may be recalled that the state police in collaboration with the East Jaintia Hills and East Khasi Hills Police have seized 676 grams of heroin and arrested seven persons.
Shillong, Leber 27: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that only one case of COVID-19 has been confirmed in Meghalaya. East Khasi Hills 3, South West Garo Hills 1, West Khasi Hills 2 cases.
Shillong, Nailur 23: The Union Minister of State for Panchayati Raj, Kapil Moreshwar Patil today expressed his satisfaction with the provision of infrastructure in the villages and other activities under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Scheme. Employment Guarantee in Villages in Meghalaya.
: BJP MLA from South Shillong Constituency Sanbor Shullai on Tuesday said that if Ampareen and Agatha Sangma win, we will have strong Christian leaders in the Government.
Therefore, in connection with this special day for the former members of the Union, the JSU Sengkmie strongly requests all the former members of the Union since its inception to take the time to attend this meeting. meeting on this appointed day.
The deceased was identified as Jacky R. Marak.
The construction of this station has been financed by the GAD (A) department and the work has been carried out through the office of the Chief Engineer of PWD (Buidling) and according to the findings and inspection through the documents. The project has been implemented since 2011 and for about 10 years it has been left unused even after it has been completed from the beginning.
Speaking to reporters, HYC President Samla Kharsyiemlieh said that Bah Hoping, who has been an MDC for many years and is currently the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the District Council, A signboard will be erected in his memory at the KHADC office in Nongstoin.
Furthermore, the police have requested the public to inform the police through 112 if they find such incidents in the future.
During the meeting, Bah HM Shangpliang said that the matter will be taken to the Governor and within 45 days he will inform the party leaders.
Those who have submitted their application by filling up the forms and submitting them to the principal's office can print them from the website of JNV or can collect their admit cards from the principal's office. You can print it from any Common Service Center near you.
The President of SWKH District, Samla Fowrardman Nongrem, said that this demand has been a long standing demand of the people but unfortunately it has not been fulfilled yet. year.
The Leader of the Opposition also expressed his condolences on the passing away of the former MLA of Tikrikilla and other leaders. Shillong, Nailur 06: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYF) Mawsynram has expressed its deep sorrow over the tragic incident which happened recently in connection with the overturning of a vehicle at Tyngnger village. Three people were killed and many others were injured.
And 57-Dalu and Brening's Sangma.
“This has angered the people against the violence of the 58 GTC troops,” he added.
Regarding the Coal Mines (Nationalisation) Act, 1973, the question is whether these private companies have the right to obtain permission from the Central Government when there are only a few mineral resources. in darkness as it is now.
Speaking to reporters, JAC MHEP Chairman James Neng said that NEEPCO has already signed a MoU with the state government on 20th June NEEPCO has visited the 110 acre land for the construction of the project, but there has been no violence as alleged.
“We are ready to give an answer but we don't want to explain to the UDP because they want the owner who is the candidate of the party to go and ask for an answer from them. Adelbert said this in response to a recent clarification by UDP General Secretary Allantry Dkhar on the allegation that Paul has no hope of winning the Lok Sabha MP election. .
After 5 pm, the crowd started flocking to this place to find a place to rest near the rynsan to listen to the music while others walked upstairs to watch the spectacle. Nan Polok and not to enter the shops around this area since the opening of the public on the 19th of July.
He said that the purpose of the meeting was to explain to the public how to protect children as the violence against women is still increasing these days.
During the meeting, he will discuss the incidents that have happened in the past few days and also to prevent Assam from entering the state. from Assam and Meghalaya.
Shillong, November 24: The National People's Party (NPP) has announced four candidates for the MDC election to the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) to be held on 27th June
As we have witnessed in the last 70 years since India declared its independence, the military has been misused by politicians as happened during the State of Emergency Responsibility for being “Anti-Constitution and Anti-democracy”, democracy in India has turned into the rule of the people, and the freedom of all religions has turned into the rule of one religion.
On the other hand, the Executive Eeginner promised to take care of this task by sending workers to clean up the ground for the convenience of the people in coming and going.
The Father said that he has sent a notice to the assembly to collect all the sweaters of the children with writing errors. He also informed that the sweaters with writing errors are size 26 and 38 and not all of them are school children.
Wahlang said whether the UDP is not Congress B, the PDF leader from Mawryngkneng alleged that the UDP is a party and united and divided it later.
The Australian athlete expressed her happiness to be able to run in this multi-ethnic country.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The Ministry of Education of the State Government today issued a public notice that schools should not send students to write at home outside the books set by the MBOSE, ICSE and CBSE. This was done on the directive of the Ministry of Human Resource Development, Government of the Union Government.
A group of journalists who visited the area, witnessed that hundreds of trucks with mawshun smam, were smuggled to Dawki to Bangladesh.
The flames destroyed the entire property of the house, including household items, clothes, documents of Birla Life Insurance Company Ltd, Bajaj Alliance, Land Holding. Certificate, Job Card, Passbook, Fixed Deposit MRB Lad-Rymbai, two LPG cylinders, a gold locket and T.5,000,00 lakh.
Myntri Rangbah Duh will also deliver a speech to the participants.
These tablets were distributed under the Digital Learning Aid Scheme for the year 2018-19 and 4092 students from 48 schools received these tablets. schools.
On the 13th in the morning, a tree planting ceremony was held by members of the organization and students of various schools in Nongkrem in many places and villages.
She said Rahul Gandhi had also spoken in Parliament on one of the most important issues and that is the Adani Scam.
He said that on the 15th of this month he will submit a letter of application for ticket.
The errors in the results are that some teachers who have received more than full marks, some teachers who have passed the examination are written as not passed and many others are what they want. that NOIS should be regulated.
Shillong, Jymmang 5: A bomb blast near the old GPO office today shocked the public especially the supporters of political parties.
Philadelphia Sohmat has been forcibly removed from the post of ASHA and replaced by the wife of the Secretary of the Village Employment Council. to talk and understand but it is easy.
Shillong, Naiwieng 03: The Meghalaya Youth Awardee's Federation (MYAF) has been awarded the National Youth Award from the Central Government for its contribution in many fields. After seeing the situation that has affected the peace and order in the state through the protest organized by 13 protesters. They demanded from the government to implement the Inner Line Permit and at the same time the state government's decision to invite a group of civil society groups to the negotiating table.
Shillong, July 01: U Benjamin Manik Syiem, 18, Shillong, on Tuesday, November 30, 2016, has drowned in the river at Shnongpdeng. you por jan night.
He said that the government also has a lot of work to do and if it cannot continue to talk, it will not reach anywhere in terms of demands.
"“Now, for months, on the signboards that GRIL has written incorrectly, the names of the land and villages have appeared in blue colours, instead of correcting them immediately. For the benefit of the people traveling through NH-6, besides being one of the beautification of this highway, the question now is, where are the villages, land, schools? , the owners of the signboards on the NH-6
Those arrested by the police on the 1st of this month are Darihun Malngiang, Dari Lyngdoh of Umkaliar, Chodan Lamo, Plamo Dome, J Kharkrang, H Jyrwa and Sohandra. camp in the market.
To improve the human rights in employment, the private sector needs to invest in the employment sector and if taken advantage of all this, it will bring about a big change.
The Prime Minister's Secretary said that for those who have close contact with those who have tested positive for COVID-19, they also do not have to pay anything for the test.
T.16,53,900/- was seized from three places, T.14,90,900/- was seized from West Garo Hills and T.14,90,900/- from South West Garo Hills. District T.65000/- and South Garo Hills T.98000/-.
He was arrested on a case registered at Shella Police Station on the murder of Sobir Dutta in Ichamati.
On this day, the BSF has held a memorial service for the soldiers who have sacrificed their lives to defend their country. the Central Government Police and also the Change.
The tournament was inaugurated by the Chief Patron of the Games, Conrad K Sangma, the Minister of Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of PHE. State Government, Mr. Renikton.
New Delhi, July 19: The Minister of Consumer Affairs and Food and Public Distribution, Ram Vilas Paswan today held a video conference to review the progress of the implementation of the ration card. NFSA throughout the One Nation One Ration Card programme.
At the same time, the Chief Minister's Secretary has made it clear that the bars and restaurants on the highways across the state have not been allowed to open.
He also discussed the matter with the office of the Prime Minister of India.
Regarding the garbage from the market, the Chief Minister said that he has spoken to the Chief Minister of Assam to work together to collect the garbage from Meghalaya and the Guwahati government. together to produce electrical energy.
Therefore, they do not accept only the Chief Minister or Ministers or MLAs to come forward to support the MoU if any.
According to the Detailed Project Report, T.118 crore has been spent on sohphan in East Garo Hills alone and T.434 crore has been spent on sohphan in Garo Hills as a whole. year.
During the raid, they arrested a woman who did not expect the police to come to the scene.
In these constituencies, there are four constituencies led by the UDP and HSPDP. The constituencies led by the UDP MLAs are Sohra, Mawthadraishan. Shillong, Naitung 19: After a two-hour meeting between the civil society groups and the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on behalf of the HSPDP MLA, The Government has decided to postpone the construction of the railway line until the entry and exit points can be implemented to check the entry of foreigners into the state.
It is also a shame for the Executive Committee of the Village.
After the inspection, the MLA of the area, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, said that the matter will be followed up with the PWD, the Urban Development Department, regarding the number of vendors in the area. sidewalks he would have asked the government whether they were built for pedestrian or commercial purposes.
This letter was signed by Donboklang Kharlyngdoh President HYC Mawlai.
Speaking to reporters, he said that only the T.3 lakh tyngka seized at Khleihriat Jowai has been returned to its owners. certify that you are not involved in the election.
Gagan Deep, ADG NCC NER DTE, on Tuesday met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan at Raj Bhavan, Shillong.
Diengdoh said that when they came he didn't understand because they spoke Hindi and they threw them on the ground. The body was taken to hospital within 1 hour.
At the same time, all the NCCIs should set up a Legal Cell to protect the rights of minorities. At the same time, the NCCI will hold a meeting of the 14 countries of India. to speak to speak of their problems.
Before the training, HB Marak, Executive Officer, SDMA, Bah PS Dkhar, Deputy Commissioner and Chairman of DDMA, East Khasi Hills District, gave speeches. .
Tura, Nailar 01: A sudden fire broke out at the 2MLP Battalion Headquarters in Goeragre, West Garo Hills District on Tuesday night.
In 2023, only the Congress and NPP will contest in all 60 constituencies, while other parties will not be able to contest. candidates in all 60 constituencies.
The speakers also said that the government should not take advantage of the HYC's protests because if the government continues to do so, the HYC is ready to announce stronger protests.
Many doctors have arrived at the government health centre.
He praised Bah Michael Warjri Secretary of Hima Nongspung for visiting the area which falls within the border of Meghalaya. I went to live in the border area like Bah Michael.
The government should exempt the students of KNGC and other institutions in the state from this requirement to avoid any problems. many students need this assistance to support their studies.
Shillong, Naiwieng 3: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War today said that 63 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 19 in Ri Bhoi and 11 in East Jaintia. The total number of cases in Hills 8, West Jaintia Hills 8, West Garo Hills 6, West Khasi Hills 4, East Garo Hills 3, South Garo Hills 2, North Garo Hills 1 and South West Garo Hills
The President of India is the commander of the armed forces in the country and his primary duty is to protect the borders of the country.
Other political parties from the district and paradoh parasnam from all over the country are urged to attend the day which is the day to take decisions during the four days of the pandemic, said Bah Forwardman Nongrem. President of KSU SWKH Shillong, Naitung 20: According to a report released by the UNWTO, in June this year, on the entry of foreigners from India into the country, when they took In 2013, 6773 people came to Meghalaya, in 2014 it increased to 8864 people and in 2015 it decreased to 8627 people.
Not to mention the prominent politicians such as Prof George Gilbert Swell, Prof Peter G Marbaniang, Prof Martin Narayan Majaw and many other prominent politicians; but it was not done and the work has been suspended to this day.
“This action of the policeman seems to have an intention to take the lives of those inside the shop including the shopkeepers and the customers.
The drugs were smuggled by a drug dealer identified as Rofique Uddin Ahmed of Telitakar Part 11, Catharines.
She welcomed all the students from Ri Bhoi District to prepare for the CUET examination for the Under Graduate examination. Students of the Khasi community from other districts can take part in the online class.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04: The awarding ceremony of the 102nd batch of Computer Teachers and the 41st Batch of Language Teachers was held on 4th November 2023 at the auditorium of Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda Cultural Center at 2 pm.
A Mahendra Bolero (AS03-M-9080) and a Suzuki Burgman Scooty ML-05-W-9432 were seized from the vehicle. Six mobile phones of these four persons have been seized under the NDPS Act.
Through his hard work and spirit of service to the Jaidbynriew which he has set an example for others, the KSU Nongstoin Circle has appointed him as the General Secretary of this Circle.
In the HYC, we don't have the intention to criticize or blame anyone. It is no longer useful to criticize or blame the past.
The Minister said that the bloodshed has only brought trouble to the people and the state.
Regarding the Personal Interview for Grade or Group A, the Seng since last years has demanded that the Personal Interview should be conducted in the presence of cameras to avoid theft such as heard from time to time.
If the HNLC's Operation Kyllang in the past has been able to curb rape, why can't the government in power and the law do anything for the peace of the society, but almost all? the cases have been dismissed without trial, and these same new cases are sure to be dismissed.
The HYC urges the police to arrest these leaders and members of the LRO immediately for criticizing the Presbyterian Church and their attempts to create religious war in the State and India as a whole.
The FKJGP urges all educational and financial institutions through this news not to continue if there is no action from the Government. who are strong.
Shillong, November 11: The Union of MeECL Employees today decided to hold a strike if they do not receive their salaries on the 15th of this month.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: Speaking at the 61st Bodo Language Celebration Session held at Tamulpur, Assam, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya Meghalaya has decided to demand from the Central Government to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
He said that as of now, the ethnic minorities in the North East are very low in population.
Police said that if anyone has seen or knows of her, please contact Lumdiengjri Police Station on 0364-2548151 and Police Control Room
The union also urges the relevant authorities to work together with the students so that there will be no interruption so that the examinations can go smoothly.
He said that it should be used for the safety of the community and said that cleanliness is very important.
They don't care because they are self-sufficient and they will never lose every election.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: The Catholic Church of Shillong Archdiocese has strongly condemned the attack by Assam police on Mukroh village in West Jaintia Hills District in which four people were killed and many others were killed. others were injured.
Shillong, July 21: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today said that 269 people have tested positive for COVD-19 in the state and 4196 people are still in critical condition.
This shows that the Ministry of Education and the State Government do not respect the culture and customs and traditions of the Hynniewtrep people.
He also urged the Rangbah Shnongs of Block 1 area not to accept the development schemes of the Assam Government but to reject them immediately so that the Assam Government cannot take advantage of the land.
Further, projects and schemes under Non-Lapsable Central Pool of Resources (NLCPR) and NEC Schemes are considered as per the priority list of projects submitted by the North-Eastern States, which are based on infrastructural gaps in the region.
He was taken to Tura in June this year.
He said that the biggest problem in the middle is the lack of knowledge of one race over another.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting held at the Majestic Hotel in Polo, General Secretary of the HYC, Bah Roy Kupar Synrem, said that in the past years, they have spoken from time to time. issues affecting the nation as a whole.
However, it has been observed that in Meghalaya, NEHU has very little service to the indigenous people because the enrollment and employment is not complete for the indigenous people.
The event was attended by the Village Leaders and Elders of Nongthliew, Umthlong, Laitartet and other neighboring villages.
Regarding the implementation of the State Education Policy, although the Cabinet had already approved it on 19th July 2009, with the introduction of the RTE Act have to change.
Forty kinds of serious crimes are also committed because of drug trafficking and use.
“The fire started at about 2:00 pm but there was no casualty but only the loss of belongings inside the house,” he said.
“On 10th November, 1987, the State Government appointed an Inquiry Commission into the rioting, lathi bombing and open shooting by BSF troops in Baghmara.
Passah said that the CEM has promised to look into this issue and in this regard a clause I will be introduced which can explain that those who are eligible to vote should be eligible to vote. beit tang from the khasi people.
To accomplish this, we must remove the existing barriers.
Other parts of the Khasi date include the announcement, the sngei dance from Hima Maharam performed by Bah Nestarland Wanniang and his group of dancers, and the phawar. The color was prepared by Ma Dimrai Kharlyngdoh.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The President of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) Banteidor Lyngdoh today said that the arrival of Congress MLAs to support the MDA government is due to the hard work of the government under the leadership of the party. to Conrad.
In his concluding remarks, Paswan urged the remaining states and union territories to complete the biometric and ePoS, so that the people who deserve to receive the ration can collect it on time. which is less than any other part of India.
We strongly condemn this behavior of the police and the blind accusation of the police against the members of the party which we cannot accept at all.
Police estimate that there were between 100 and 150 people who came to protest. These people destroyed the house built to hold the protest and at the same time they threw stones. and they shall destroy the seats where the people shall sit.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister, Bah George B Lyngdoh, promised in the House that the government will ensure that it will achieve its goal.
Shillong, July 22: U Bah Jitendra Dkhar, Director of Blind Lead Trust, on Tuesday filed a complaint against the owner of a house in Lachummier, Ranee's Abode Temple Road.
On the other hand, the police in this raid on the vehicles carrying iong iong was on purpose and this action of the people carrying iit iong is against the order of the Supreme Court. of the Ri.
He said that the Deputy Commissioners will take care of the construction of roads.
The truth is that you cannot teach a shrimp to be compassionate.
Shillong, Nailar 26: An old Maruti car has caught fire this morning after the owners of the car tried to start it.
She also congratulated the Alumni who came to participate in this College Week, and congratulated all those who have been able to make this College Week a success.
About 30 children received the syrnod.
Lahkmen said that the Ministry of Education has decided to make 50% of the syllabus for the students who will sit for the examination selection. and the DSEOs to allow private candidates is good.
It is surprising to find that the company has not received any permission from the District Council regarding the installation and operation of the equipment in Umsohïong and the license issued by the company. The license from KHADC is for the work in Lapalang, how can it be that a license has been obtained in one place and then transferred to another place and they have the authority to install equipment or work in Umsohïong? or send them to work illegally in other states.
Williamnagar, Nailar 21: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today distributed soybean seeds under the Horticulture Mission Scheme at Songsak Agitokgre in East Garo Hills District. Agar trees, wild sorghum seeds to the farmers in the area.
The residents of Nongthymmai-Lumthangding village have been living without a Rangbah Shnong for 10 years and 4 months.
Dheeman Bhuyan, Adviser, Shillong socio cultural assamese students’ association.
Shillong, November 17: The General Secretary of the Meghalaya Pradesh Youth Congress (MPYC) Fernandes Savio Dkhar today said that the Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (CoMSO) should work as a civil society organization. I am the spokesperson of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government.
The Prime Minister said that this incident is a sad thing to see that the Dome has collapsed which they did not expect to happen, but such things happen because this is the first attempt in the country. We are from India to try to build such houses.
“Ka Seng strongly warns all companies or persons who come to do business within the boundary of Mawiongrim Village not to misuse the name of Mawiongrim Village. KSU Mawiongrim Unit General Secretary Macdonald Jitem said in a statement.
The pig farm is located at Rani in Guwahati.
The meeting was attended by the elders, women, youth of the village who came to listen to the positions of the candidate and the party.
