As the new Chairman, Ms Phanbuh said that she has a heavy responsibility especially in today's age where there is a lot of discrimination against women and crimes against women.
The chief guest encouraged the athletes to uplift the spirit of sportsmanship and she hoped that through the event the athletes could build friendships, maintain discipline, patience and the importance of endurance.
The UDP and NPP have been severely affected by the dissolution of the Executive Committee of Bah Teinwell Dkhar in the KHADC. .
Mission Director, NHM, Meghalaya, Shillong.
During the visit to the blood bank, the JSU met with Doctor Nongbri I/c Blood Bank where he said that on his part, he has already provided all the necessary facilities. There is a job requested by the Department of Drugs and Cosmetics and the equipment has been completed for the license. However, the doctor has not yet confirmed when the license will start. the Blood Bank.
When we reveal this, he is sorry, he is sorry.
The Secretary said that in recognition of the growth of experiential tourism, the Ministry of Tourism has prepared a National Strategy for the Promotion of Rural Homestays as homestays allow tourists to stay in places where They also promote economic growth by creating job opportunities.
The Government has directed all the public to follow all the guidelines issued by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare due to the outbreak of COVID-1
Shillong, July 20: A four-member delegation from Punjab sent by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya today met with the Minister of Home Affairs of Meghalaya, James K Sangma to inquire about the issue of The residents of Themiew Mawlong were shocked.
Shillong, July 11: The CoHSO would like to thank all the Para Ri and the residents of Ri Lum Khasi-Jaintia who have supported the program of the group through the traffic jam which has been held since last night. from 7pm to 5pm.
Police have also arrested three persons identified as Mostarly Marngar, Balaphrang Warjri, the driver and Komal Warjri, the driver.
Shillong, July 17: A team of 10 journalists from Meghalaya today arrived in Bhubaneswar as part of a press tour to Odisha under the Visit Bharat Sankalp Yatra (VBSY) programme.
The RO of the ST Assembly Constituency has been informed of this.
The President of India arrived in Shillong to attend the awarding ceremony of the students of NEHU this morning.
They also said that if there are such festivals, they will be able to showcase their films so that the young talented filmmakers will be able to showcase their talents.
This has happened in the past few days when some children have been walking and standing just to get pla from the people.
In another incident, Raja Thapa, 32, was injured when he was hit by a vehicle while driving at Mongynsong.
The theme of the 32nd Seng Khihlang Conference is “Life, Life, Life, Life”.
She also inaugurated the upgradation of the Rongjeng Mangsang Adokgre and Mairang Ranigodown Azra roads and laid the foundation stones of the Shillong Peak Ropeway and tourist resorts at Khongthong, Mawlyngot and Kudengrim through digital media.
As part of the celebration, there was a song and Momentos were distributed to some of the elderly women who have been involved in the work in the community.
The Iong Lajong group sang a song on the birth anniversary of Thomas Jones as a sign of appreciation for his name as the inventor of the Khasi alphabet.
The Sohra Police Station has handed over the investigation to the SI Bah S Lhuid. The investigation has revealed that there are two accused involved in the murder. Police have arrested the suspects and charged them under section No.01 (01)2024 U/S 302/34 IPC.
The Chief Minister saluted and hoisted the flag of India on the occasion of the 71st Independence Day.
: The War Jaintia Farmers Union, Amlarem has demanded that the State Government should increase the price of agricultural products such as synsar, kwai, tympew and other agricultural products due to the decline in the price of agricultural products. bring loss to the farmers.
Out of the 679 SSLC schools, 172 schools have passed 100%, 7 schools have not passed 0%. also the schools that pass only 1%.
Shillong, Naitung 19: U George B Lyngdoh MLA of the TMC today visited the SSA teachers who have been on strike to demand their salaries which have not been paid by the government for six months. .
He said the G-20 logo is not just any logo, adding that it is also a message, a feeling for every Indian.
According to information received from the JHADC office, the MDCs have not received their salaries for 40 months, while the employees have not received their salaries for 6 months. The CEM of JHADC, Bah Thombor Shiwat, who is also in charge of the Finance Department of the Council, has tried to meet with the households of JHADC. The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has requested the government to release the remaining amount to pay the salaries of the employees.
Shillong, June 18: The Minister in charge of Land Registration, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, in reply to a question by Bah Adelbert Nongrum, said that all the vacancies in the department are long 127 pieces.
“Tit is an affordable crop and easy to cultivate and care for but it requires hard work and dedication,” said Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh.
To eradicate this superstition, it is time to explain to the public and the government authorities or the District Council should have a law or regulation to prevent such superstitions. eating people is unacceptable.
The distribution of ration is in three categories. Those who should receive the ration are those who have NFSA, PHH and Non-NFSA cards. Only those who have NFSA and PHH cards, while those who have Non-NFSA cards will receive only the amount of 7 kilos per card.
These projects for economic development relate to railways, roads, health, housing, education, frontier infrastructure, IT, power sector, oil and gas, along other other.
On this occasion, the Chief Guest also launched the Ambulance of HANM to provide services to the people in case of illness.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MDC of the constituency, said that as a leader who has been involved in many cases, the people of the constituency have been involved in the incident. He is in the midst of many difficulties in many areas, but as one of the sports lovers he never refuses to participate and contribute as much as he can. He said that sports especially football is one of the sports in which many of the rich people who work hard can also make sports as one of the sources of income. He said that Mawkynrew Constituency has been able to produce many athletes who have taken part in many tournaments whether in the region and in parts of Shillong and in the state as a whole.
The meeting was conducted by Bah P Kuarbah, Sordar of Nongpur.
The speakers on the occasion spoke about the traditional religion, customs and traditions of the Khasi.
During his visit to the North East, the Chief of Army Staff visited Talsing in Arunachal Pradesh. of the ground forces to the terrain situation.
The Council demanded that the government should implement the ILP to prevent the influx of foreigners into the state.
Shillong, Lber 16: The Minister of State for Education, Lahkmen Rymbui, in reply to a question by Himalaya M Shangpliang regarding the Eklavya Model Residential Schools (EMRS), said that the government has received allocation of funds for these schools.
So far, a total of 11 NLCN leaders and members have been arrested.
It also said that the smuggling of coal involved by senior government officials, the Prime Minister, the Minister of Home Affairs are drug traffickers and kingpins.
According to RTI, the list of shopkeepers or vendors is mostly Khasi and there are some others who may be residents of the village nearby. this is the Border Market.
Students from Thomas Jones College and Kiang Nangbah College including the NCC of Thomas Jones College also attended the event.
Four MMA fighters including Johny Nongrum, Moderkai S.Kharpuri, David Ronghang, Feathrel Massar and Evadahun Shisha Rani have won the Lastman Standing Fight. Night-3 was held on October 10, 2024 at Sunayana Entertainment in Kolkata, West Bengal. Evadahun Shisha Rani, who led the Legendary Warrior Combat Team, won the Night-3 including Feathrel Massar who will fight in the feather weight category and lead the Legendary Warrior Combat Team.
Those who attended the ceremony were the leaders of KSU, FKJGP, SSSS, KLKSK, CSWO, TUR, Lyngdoh Lyngiong Hima, Sirdar Jyrngam Hima, Secretary Marbisu Hima. , Riangsih Hima Secretary, Rangbah Shnong and others.
When it comes to higher jobs, the villagers should be considered first if they have them.
The Head of Agriculture and Rural Development said that the Department has already contacted the Associations of Various Fish Farmers in the State and has offered them to cooperate in the use of this fish farmers' association. Government slaughterhouse in order to produce clean meat for sale to the public and also to curb environmental pollution.
Even if you are a Khasi, you should know and remember your culture.
The party has now started to consider the candidates who have applied for tickets from the party.
The party on this issue feels that it is critical of his statement which shows that he has no knowledge or understanding of the rights of the state and the indigenous peoples.
Shillong, Nailur 04: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has set a target to hold the Monolith Festival at the Heritage Village in Mawphlang in November The KHADC led by CEM Pyniaid Sing Syiem, the Ministry of Transport and the Ministry of Finance of the State Government.
The Chief Minister said that the engineering schools are no longer just places to study and get knowledge but they are also places to improve their education. NEHU, NIT, IIM and Shillong have now become the hub of education.
The Government has directed all those under home quarantine to stay at home for 14 days and if there is any difference, they should immediately inform those who should be informed.
Shillong, July 08: Syntung UP and Secondary Schools together with the world on 5th June 2018 celebrated World Environment Day with the support of the Office of the District Planning Officer, East Khasi Hills. Hills District through the Voluntary Action Fund (VAF).
After the funeral, the body of Dr Donkupar was taken to Shella for burial.
The meeting was attended by Union Minister of Finance and Corporate Affairs, Nirmala Sitharaman from Indian Institute of Science (IISc), Bengaluru and Union Minister of State for Finance, Dr Bhagwat Kishanrao. Karadu also attended the meeting from Vigywan Bhawan, New Delhi.
New Delhi, July 02: The Union Minister of State for Education and Training, Dharmendra Pradhan today launched the UGC Regulations, 2023 in the presence of the Union Minister of State for Education and Training. Prof.Jagadesh Kumar, Chairman, UGC and Sanjay Murthy, Secretary (Higher Education), Ministry of Education.
When using Aadhaar and when obtaining information from UIDAI, permission must be obtained from the people.
Also present on the occasion were Calmbert P. Syiem, Project Officer and Banjop Nongbri, Junior Mentor, Shillong Science Centre.
Shillong, March 02: Thousands of people have attended the Air Festival 2017 of the Air Force which was held at 9 miles.
Rakkam cited the example of a 2014 case in Maharashtra, where the Supreme Court struck down an ordinance implemented by the state government, which allocated more than 50% to one the People's Republic.
Under the PLI scheme, 14 projects producing 37 types of equipment have been launched and the production of medical equipment in the country such as Linear Accelerator, MRI Scan, CT-Scan, Mammogram, C-Arm, MRI Coils, good X-ray tubes and other equipment, it started.
The Joint Action Committee has also discussed with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, that as of now, the deterioration of the NH-6, especially in the Narpuh area, has been deteriorating. There has been a heavy traffic jam for dozens of hours in these areas especially in Ratachera and Tongseng.
Speaking at the meeting, the president of the KSU said that the government has decided to implement the ILP in the state in 2011 under the leadership of Bah Bindo M Lanong. chairman, but the government has not yet implemented it.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: Four persons have died of COVID-19 positive in East Khasi Hills District 1, Ri Bhoi District 1, South West Khasi Hills today. 1, West Khasi Hills 1, the death toll has risen to
Regarding the conduct of the dorbar by the Lamphang, Bah Teinwell said, “You have seen the complaint but the Lamphang said that he has followed the rules. , when inside the House, you have to obey the direction of the Speaker.
Nazarine Nongneng of Mawkasiang Marvels won the player of the match in the women's category while Steven Lamare of Mawlai Samla won the player of the match title in the men's category. Middleman.
In a meeting with the ADC today on the road to get information on the road.
This was announced in a statement by Gershome Hat, Vice President of the CoRP.
The Chief Minister said that these cows can produce up to 40 liters of milk per day and the production will not be less than T.16000/- per month.
These student organizations of the North Eastern Region of India demand that the Inner Line Permit should be implemented in all the states of the North East, the Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA). ) 1958, should be amended, as the party should have a Special Education Policy for this area by including it in the Constitution of the country and to provide protection in terms of ownership of the land and the availability of land resources.
This road connects the villages on the border with Bangladesh under Mawsynram Constituency and Ranikor Constituency along the border with Bangladesh.
Speaking to reporters, Prestone said that the situation in the state is not yet stable.
He said they have confidence in the people of Ampati and the people will vote to bring about change and the NPP candidate Clement will be in the government.
More than 2,000 people registered from 47 educational institutions in and around the city and about 1,500 students took part in the competition.
The two MLAs of the VPP and the General Secretary of the NPP organization urged the people to be vigilant. the right to rejoice but to be strong.
Many other dignitaries from the legal community were also present on the occasion.
There is no more rainfall by counting the dew thala for the residents and their livelihoods.
Rinaldo said that the road from Damra to Resubelpara to Bajengdoba has not been completed yet although the work has started since 2019 and many complaints have been received. The road has been handed over to the Badri Rai Company for construction.
Sadly, many of our nations have been influenced by ideas that have led them away from freedom.
Residents of Beldongpara in Goalpara District of Assam have seized a Scotty and a bike but the people have managed to flee the scene. The Scotty and the bike have been handed over to the police. of Mendipathar on 19th July 2024 and registered a complaint U/s 1392 IPC, R/w.
Regarding this incident, the KSU East Jaintia Hills District will convene a meeting at the KSU office tomorrow morning to discuss the incident.
New Delhi, Jymmang 10: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma today met with the Union Minister of State for Child Development in charge of DoNER, Dr Jitendra Singh. and thanked him for the constant supports that the DoNER Branch has provided to the state schemes.
In her speech, MLA Santa Mary Shylla urged the youth to take advantage of the CM-Elevate scheme to develop the state to reach the target of Rs 10 billion. Lahkmen Rymbui MLA, Wailad Shylla MLA and many others were also present to take part in the meeting.
During the two-day festival, traditional costumes, traditional stories were displayed, and there were also traditional games during these two days along with traditional music.
In a petition signed by the party President KP Pangniang and General Secretary Panborlang LRyntathiang, the HSPDP said, “The party is concerned if the Central Government proceeds with the implementation of the UCC in in the state of Meghalaya.
Prof. Lakhon Kma, a lecturer at NEHU, on Tuesday announced that he has decided to enter the political arena to contest the upcoming Lok Sabha elections. I'm going to Shillong Seat.
The extensive information dissemination across the country has been launched through programs to promote apprenticeships in more than 250 districts throughout the year.
He said that there has been a decrease in the number of farmers who have received KCC loans this year.
Research facilities such as ECG, USG, X-ray, laboratories, Nadi Tarangani and others are fully equipped at this place.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The Taxation Department at Lower Lachumiere has been facing difficulties as the office has been closed for four days.
On the part of Bah Raphael Warjri, it was suggested to build a heritage monument as soon as the land allows. From 4th June 1829 to March 1833, Tirot Singh Syiem was imprisoned.
In the petition, the Congress party alleged that the NDA government under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi has abandoned without calling a tender for the purchase of 126 known bombers. Rafle and purchased 36 aircraft without calling for tender.
In his speech, Bah Lambor said that the purpose of the award ceremony is to encourage the youth to strive to achieve their goals in their studies and those who have achieved their goals. they will work even harder to keep climbing.
He said that doctors are involved in malaria and as the government is not willing to protect the people from this disease which is very prevalent in Meghalaya, especially in the areas near Assam. and also border with Bangladesh.
All District Transport Officers of the Districts have been directed to comply with this announcement.
Regarding the burning of a government vehicle in Forest Colony, police have now identified the people and when they went to search their homes they were not there. They don't know where they are and when they are asked to complain that they have left home, their parents don't want to do that.
Shillong, November 24: There are 16 candidates including former MLAs and MDCs who have applied for tickets from the Congress party to contest the elections. MLA in 2023.
Explaining, Bah Pynshngain said that as the Speaker of the House, they don't want to be too clever, so they bring it into the House for study.
He said that it is something to be proud of that thanks to the hard work of the athletes, the country is still reaching Azadi and Amrit with an encouraging victory.
Because they were too drunk, the villagers handed over these people to the police.
During the visit, the DG of BGB said that Bangladesh wants to get closer to India in all aspects and the meeting was a success.
This was stated in a statement sent by the HNLC today.
He ordered that strict measures be taken against those who cause trouble and promised the assistance of the Central Government to ensure lasting peace and stability.
“The demand of the union is to remove the illegal residents in this area (of the Cantonment) which is still under litigation because from this area comes crime, theft and crime. trafficking drugs and we are extremely concerned about the existence of these people," he said.
Shillong, July 12: The office of the Sohra Civil Subdivision has conducted a special one day training on agriculture for the people of Sohra area at Saitsohpen Community Hall. Shella Bholaganj Block Bah AS Mukhin, EAC J Umdor and Dr KB Sahkhar Deputy Director of Agriculture and Rural Development were also present.
The attitudes of criticizing others who take the initiative to improve the society in any field have been found to be mostly just selfishness or selfishness because they themselves don't want to come forward. be like those creatures who do not eat themselves, nor give to others.
Speaking on the occasion, the father of the child said that he could not send his child to better schools because of the poverty at home.
The counting of votes will be on 10/5/2023 and the re-polling on 13/5/2023 and the election related activities should be completed on 15/5/2
Shillong, Nailur 14: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, AT Mondal, has accepted the no confidence motion against the government led by Dr Mukul Sangma, which was brought by the opposition.
“They (traders) say that the price drop is due to the high price of goods, but we don't know whether it is just their trick and we have said clearly that they (traders) will increase the price. which the traders immediately rejected,” said Bah Shangpliang.
Clashes between the Khasi residents of Lapangap village in West Jaintia Hills District and the Karbi residents of West Karbi Anglong district continued on Tuesday.
Dr. Jacqueline R. Marak, who spoke on the life of Pa Togan Sangma, also mentioned other freedom fighters of the North East, who have made a great contribution to India. just tip the public.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and Sikkim Chief Minister Prem Singh Tamang today inaugurated the third North Eastern Produce Market in India. day long in Polo.
Looking at the number of beds, which are only 350 and the estimated number of beds is more than 5,000, it should be understood that they are working amidst difficulties and shortcomings.
During the meeting, it was urged that the central government should support for the development of the youth.
Within a few years alone, they have discovered up to 1700 crematoria in Meghalaya and put the state on the map of languages ​​in the world. The longest and tallest languages ​​in India are in Meghalaya.
Dr Fanela L Nonglait's appearance to support UDP candidate Bah Paul in the MP election has caused a difference of opinion within the HSPDP EC. (SP News).
The meeting was conducted by the President of the Unit, Samla Joshua Lathong.
Fear and discontent have affected not only our welfare but also the development of the party in the state.
The Khasi Students Union (CEC) together with the KSU North Khasi Hills District Unit on Saturday led by President Lambokstar Marngar and General Secretary Donald Thabah visited Ri Bhoi District to protest against the Government. The State has installed an ILP gate at 20 Mer Pahammawleiñ, on the National Highway-6 in Ri Bhoi.
After the passage of the Bill, it was sent to Lallan Prasad Singh, who was the Governor of the state at that time.
Three persons involved in the incident have been arrested and have confessed that they committed the crime after they had been driving.
This scheme is to promote tourism in the state which is one of the sectors of income generation of the state. The Executive Committee of the MOA (MOA) today discussed the issue of Saket Gokhale's statement issued by Dr. Vijay Kumar D. They have accused the government of implementing schemes under the Meghalaya Eco Tourism Infrastructure Development Project.
The number of affected districts is 51 in East Khasi Hills, 3 in West Khasi Hills, 4 in Ri Bhoi, 2 in West Jaintia Hills and 1 in South West Garo Hills.
The Scotty, which does not have a registration number, was heading from Mendhipathar to Bajendoba but when it reached Jendragre NH51, it collided with another vehicle.
He said he joined the party nine months ago and his meetings with the party leaders were also through Facebook.
Jehangir Alom, a resident of Lakhimpur, Assam, was arrested with the assistance of the Assam Police.
He also reminded that the 2023 election is very difficult because you have to fight with those in power in many ways.
Police have seized all these items and will now send them to the Forensic Science Laboratory.
Mawdungung, the capital, the road between the village and Nongkasen.
While Telinia Thangkhiew Protem Chairman announced that the election for the Chairman was held today according to the directive of the Governor, Grace Kharpuri stood up and said that the election for the Chairman was held today. It is against the court as the case is still pending in the court where the Chairman has already filed his affidavit.
According to the residents, the fire started from a fuse in the house because it did not have a meter box. The incident happened at about 11 pm. At that time, the mother of the victim was at home and when she heard the news, she went outside to escape the injury.
The Vice President concluded the statement.
Similarly, in the Pomlakrai constituency, the contest is between the two candidates.
The Karbi (Mikir) Traditional Faith Association (KTFA) on Tuesday clarified that it has no involvement in the allegations that there was a poster in Marmaiñ, Ribhoi District. Meghalaya and Assam.
The Nokreh National Party is a specially protected forest and the construction of this tourist spot is to attract tourists to Garo Hills as well.
The election was attended by the President of the KSU Seng Kmie, Lambokstar Marngar as the chief guest and the General Secretary, Donald V. Thabah as the symbud chief guest.
The BSF has handed over the seized sniuh to the Custom Office at Balat in East Khasi Hills District. The BSF has found that Bangladesh has been a place of smuggling of human sniuh to China. and Taiwan.
Shillong, July 22: The office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima has informed all the shopkeepers not to take more goods from the shops outside the market. .
Answering questions, Justice Mahesh said that the appointment of members in the State Commissions is up to the government to take a decision.
He said that if you want to get money easily, you have to work hard to get it, because the money you get easily will disappear.
The meeting was conducted by the President of HYC Lawbah Circle, Bah Tamdor Risaw.
Regarding this incident, he will call the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills to discuss this issue. The road to Mawshabuit has been built since the time of Assam and this should be resolved. that the Central Government should mark the places where the people walk.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: U Bah Egenstar Kurkalang, President of the BJP Youth Wing, Meghalaya, has received the Dr. BR Ambedkar Leadership Award
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, on the occasion, expressed his appreciation to the Socila Eco-Life Development Committee (SELD) Committee, Lum Lyngkien Sohphie District. Prebyterian with the support of the District Horticulture Office to conduct such training programs in a spirit of responsibility and vision to shape the future. of many changes and it is our duty to protect and preserve the natural resources.
It is the duty of the state governments not to allow them to enter.
Da Oo Hi Dhar from West Jaintia Hills was the winner and won the gold medal.
Students of BSF schools took part in a drawing competition on the environment and an essay competition on the cleanliness of the school environment especially to remove the plastic inside. grounds of the school.
Replying to a question whether the government will have a special allocation to pay the salaries of teachers, the minister said the government is considering this issue.
Even after the complaint to all the relevant authorities, from the Chief Minister, Health Minister, PHE Minister and others, it was seen that there was no action.
No political party or candidate shall be allowed to use propaganda and celebrate inside the polling station.
Every 100 cities have come up with various projects and many of these are unique and being implemented for the first time and promote these cities’ workforce and experiences to achieve the goal to bring about change in cities.
In this order, the District Magistrate has also informed that MMV/HMV vehicles coming from East and West Jaintia Hills District will have to pass through Mawryngkneng through the Shillong Bye Pass.
At this meeting, it was decided that the country should not inform the public in writing in different languages ​​and should not disseminate information through the existing media as this monsoon will cause a different increase in temperature and humidity. There are also elections to the Lok Sabha of India.
as in other areas in the right manner, but in Narpuh area it has been done unfairly just to deceive the people.
Out of the 31 seats in the GMC, the AGP won only one, the BJP 11 and the Congress 19 seats.
The BJP leader said that the two parties are now in power in the state as well as in the central government.
Those who come from poor families and not to lose their education at this time of financial crisis and unemployment due to the spread of Corona virus in our country.
In another operation, Seema Praharis of 193 Bn BSF seized clothing item i.
Of these, 126 have received their appointment letters today in Meghalaya.
Prestone said that after taking the decision from all parties today, they have accepted the land identified by the Urban Development Department for the relocation of the residents of Iew Mawlong. The existing residences are opposite the residence of the Leader of the Opposition, which was formerly the office of the SMB. , the Urban Development Department has inspected all the houses in the area and according to the report, all the households in the area have been relocated. place.
Other officers from DoT North-East, LSA and KS Madanpuri, Chief General Manager BSNL. The Vigilance Awareness Week was held from 26th March, 2021 to 1st November 2021 on the theme.
This is a reminder to all the Dorbar Shnongs in Hynniewtrep, and they should stand against and support the position of the Dorbar Shnong Lawsohtun at such a time, said the HNYF. The allegation of this journalist may mislead even the police to investigate without concluding that the attackers were Khasi.
Shillong, July 07: U Prestone Tynsong, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today said that Meghalaya has only one case of COVID-19 positive Omicron.
The ban on the use of taxis and auto rickshaws will be in East Khasi Hills, West Jaintia Hills and West Garo Hills districts.
Shilla Bishnab, who is delighted with this once in a lifetime opportunity, said that she will discuss how the National Education Policy 2020 will empower the students and the society as a whole. pave the way for a new India.
To encourage her and others to set up their own businesses, the Chief Minister today honored her.
The Chief Minister said the purpose of holding the festival at this venue is to promote tourism in the state and especially in Jaintia Hills District.
Referring to AL Hek, he said that if Hek steps down from the Congress government and joins the BJP, the BJP will welcome him.
The training was held on the 13th and 14th of this month and more than 80 people attended the training from 15 doctors from NEIGRIHMS under the leadership of the Director.
Shortly after, the Ribhoi District Police arrived to investigate the incident and to monitor the vehicle that collided with the Maruti Van.
Drona Bhuyan is active in the fields of traditional customs such as Suknani Ojapali and Deodhani dance.
The KSU said, “My parents and brothers and sisters who are in this area, in my vision, when this road comes to dig up this marpoh land, there will come people from abroad. you shall not know where to bow down and where to thank.
Khongsit, who works for Private Airline Indigo, as an Air Hostess and is understood to be a leader in her job, but this tragic incident happened suddenly in her life. a young woman whose family still has high hopes for her.
The purpose of this Training Program is to train the youth in relation to the Khadar Governance and to become leaders who bring about a clean morning in the society and also to encourage the youth to be good examples for the future.
The former MLA said that since he was elected as the spokesperson of the BJP along with other former MLAs who joined the party, he has often raised the issues of the people through the media. name of the party.
Shillong, Nailar 09: The Association for Democracy and Employment (ADE) has sent a letter to the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) Boston Mark to ask him whether it is true. They didn't give a patta to those who weren't rich in Iew Tura.
“As soon as I saw the house catch fire I first thought son know what will happen.
Shillong, Nailur 24: The election to the Legislative Assembly of the State will be held within the next three months. and in the constituency.
If the government does not intend to use force in the mining of this mineral, it should think carefully and not create mushlia and cause problems.
Bah IW Ingty, Secretary, Social Welfare Department was the chief guest at the meeting to discuss the rights of the disabled.
On this occasion, Bah SS Rynjah said that KJWA has turned 46 years old and KJWA has turned 10 years old. The Principal of Seng Khasi College gave the welcome speech. The meeting was conducted by Dr.AJ Lymba in the morning and in the afternoon the chief speaker was Prof. KS Nongkynrieh, Dr. AJ Lymba conducted the meeting and Dr. AW Rani gave the welcome speech.
In her speech, Ms Tina Lakiang said that women have an important role in this world because they are the ones who have taken the role to raise the souls of people.
If the power of money is removed, he will win at this time, as it is now, the wind has blown against him if he can use the power of money.
What is happening now in Garo Hills is that all development projects have been affected.
Children and children were also delighted to arrive on this Christmas day to welcome the incarnation of the Lord Jesus the Saviour.
New Delhi, Jymmang 4: The NITI Aayog has set up 17 different groups in 17 fields involving people from civil society groups, Central Government Departments and related groups of the United States. Nation as members of these 17 groups.
Unfortunately, 70% of the raid land has been given to non-tribals by the office of the Syiem of Sohra Hima without the knowledge of the Dorbar Raid.
Shillong, June 08: Twenty-five new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills, 1 in Ri Bhoi and one in Ri Bhoi. 2, West Jaintia Hills 1 and West Khasi Hills 1, bringing the total number of cases in the state to
Most of the GNLA members who came to surrender today are from Nongal area of ​​East Garo Hills.
India is a country where every region has its own characteristics and Meghalaya is a place with many unique characteristics, he said, adding that the unity among the differences can be seen when we look at the Nartiang in Jaintia Hills where the leader of the temple is from Maharashtra.
To give red to the shops selling beef, white to the shops selling pork and to hide them with iit iong is an insult to the indigenous people, and the government should immediately abolish such rules. Shillong, Nailar 08: The Chairman of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly Committee on Women Empowerment today called on the Women Empowerment Committee (KHNAM) to discuss the issue. Social Welfare to clarify the children whose mothers have died and those who have been evacuated from Edenbari Resort from Rimpu's place.
Many people have joined the new party where the MLA and MDC of Mawsynram Constituency Bah PN Syiem who is also the CEM of KHADC will contest the MLA election. in 2018, this new party.
Tura, November 17: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today inaugurated the first Intensive Care Unit (ICU) at Tura Civil Hospital for the entire Garo Hills.
“There has never been such a large-scale home entrepreneurship program in the country,” he said.
Conducted screening of TB cases by observation of symptoms, urine testing, and use of NAAT kits.Suspected cases were referred to tertiary care facilities Before the end of the 36th day, more than 49,17,356 people have been tested and out of these more than 3,41,499 people have been sent to higher hospitals.
It is alleged that this death of fish is due to the enmity of criminals and this is a threat to livestock because in this area is a place where there are many fish, the HPF will investigate these Lester Mawlong, spokesperson of the party, said:
Police have ordered Bernard N Marak to surrender himself at Sardar Police Station Shillong, but the Tura MDC has failed to comply with the order. he fled.
The NCPCR has also urged the government to conduct a survey of all the children with disabilities in the state.
in Ampati on 11th November 2022, and in Tura on 12th and 13th November
The Dorbar also received letters of congratulations from abroad.
For this purpose, the government will provide financial assistance of T.1600 tyngka for the initial purchase of gas.
The MPHRC demands an immediate inquiry into this incident and urges the Minister of Home Affairs, Kong Roshan Warjri to immediately investigate this matter and at the same time to find out. Measures to ensure that the people living in these areas should receive special protection from the Meghalaya Police so that they can live in peace and order without any harassment by the Assam Police. .
On the other hand, the government department in charge of the budget of the government feels that this needs to be done because if there is any shortage of funds in the middle of the elections it will affect the work of the government departments. .
Judo is a sport that originated in Japan 2000 years ago as a sport of self-defense without the use of any harmful weapons and has a relationship that does not affect the religious beliefs of the Japanese.
Bah Syiem has also been a member of MEPA since its inception.
“The procession also reminds us that it is our journey on this earth and Jesus Himself walked with us.
He urged institutions to look into the realization of income from marine lands in order to empower people who depend on ocean activities and also the power of the oceans to earn a living.
The 18 MDCs in the KHADC include Lambor Malngiang Independent, Gigur Myrthong NPP, Pious Marwein UDP and Pyniaidsing Syiem NPP. The MDCs are Titosstawell Chyne, Ronnie V Lyngdoh, Mitchel Wankhar, Carness Sohshang, Gabriel Wahlang, Batskhem Ryntathiang, Charles Marngar, Macdalyn Sawkmie Mawlong, Martle N. Mukhim and Grace Mary. Kharpuri, Alvin Khyriem Sawkmie, Pynshngainlang Syiem, Paul Lyngdoh, Teibor Pathaw and Bindo M Lanong.
The NH-44 in West Jaintia Hills is only 9km long, but it is difficult to get land according to the new Land Acquisition Act passed in
Speaking to reporters, Adelbert Nongrum said that according to the advertisement issued on 6th October 2024, it is in conflict with the Office of Memorandum issued on 6th October The 3rd June 2023 has announced that the age of appointment has been increased from 32 to 37 years and has provided a 5 year extension for all vacancies in the State.
All members of the community are also coming forward to make SHS a success.
Shillong, July 03: Two NBCC employees of Umkiang Village, Umkiang Village, Shillong, were arrested at around 3 pm this morning. I immediately called the Village Leader.
These children have not been able to send anyone to school due to lack of funds to send them to school and the eldest daughter who is under 14 years old has to work as a housekeeper in the city to support her mother. other household chores.
these shall be the vehicles which shall run in the villages.
The teens asked for a solution, but they didn’t get it.
All Dorbar Shnongs and Seng Bhalangs in the city are requested to urge all the residents/units and their members to come out on this day.
Speaking to reporters, the Syiem said that the Hima has been performing the annual ritual which has been inherited since ancient times since it was under the Hima Shyllong. Your place of residence is in Nongskeh.
The schemes implemented include the construction of a drug-free jhur market at Kenches Trace Road Bishnupur at a cost of T.2.29 crore, the construction of a Working Women Hostel and an Auditorium at Rilbong. T.4.50 crore and the construction of the access road to Sanker Dev College at a cost of T.1.43 crore.
Regarding the ksainar shiah fence, it is a work that has already been done, because the inability to complete this fence has affected the people living on the border with Bangladesh, from the injuries to the people. and Bangladesh.
Referring to the MRSSA Amendment, the Governor said that he is still reading it and looking into the provisions of the Act.
The Seng wishes all the residents of South West Khasi Hills District a healthy lifestyle and gives its full support to the Health Department of South West Khasi Hills District who have worked hard to prevent the spread of this disease. Donaldstone Thongni, Finance Secretary, KSU Photjaud Rangthong Unit.
The meeting was held with Anand Sharma, MP Rajya Sabha from the Congress party.
Hundreds of students took part in the protest against drug abuse.
Speaking to reporters, he said that if that is the case, the government will direct the DC to revoke the order. drinking the medicine will have to keep the results of the children.
Shillong, July 27: U Sambor Shullai, MLA from South Shillong Constituency, today donated more than Rs 15 crore for the construction and improvement of tourist attractions. There are 40 roads in the constituency.
Regarding the ban on beef, this is a misunderstanding by some opponents of the BJP, “No one can ban the eating and drinking of this person. the government will not close".
Ratan Dkhar said that two other persons from Assam, Altaf Hussain, 32, of Badarpur village, are still missing. , Karimganj Assam and Shahin Rahman, 32, of Lathimara, Katogorah, Assam.
This warning is to inform the public in advance so that they can think if this heavy rainfall will happen in the next three days.
In a statement sent to the media, the MUCF prays for all the souls of those who have passed away and especially for those families who are facing this tragedy. the lord shall bless them.
The inheritance should be from the mother, this was discussed at this meeting today.
It is necessary to have adequate schools in the rural areas and this school is one of the prominent schools which has been able to accommodate so many students. the school clearly states that this school is safe.
Besides, the union will also meet with the head of the government department.
The BJP has named the five dewbilat factories as Star Cement, Topcem Cement, Dalmia Cement, Hills Cement, Best Cement, Amrit Cement, Gold Stone Cement and Maxx Cement.
He wished Christmas and New Year to the entire village.
Shillong, March 22: The KSU Umran Diary Unit on 22nd July 2021 under the leadership of its Vice President Samla Rosterwell Mawlong immediately received the suffering of a family in Umran. dep duh to Kmie.
Pyniaid said that the Council cannot build a new Raid without the approval of the Hima but looking at the history of the Sohra Hima, it has the approval of the Hima. The Executive of the Hima Sohra in relation to the Sordar of the Raid Majai.
The duration of this radio program was 30 minutes from the fourth episode.
Out of the 47 people who tested positive for COVID-19 today, 30 are BSF personnel, 17 are civilians, out of these 17, 8 are in contact with Nine of them went to Greenwood Resort in Assam and nine of them returned.
What is more surprising is that on his body, there are scars in the shape of a Cross.
He said that all the districts created in 2012 have received special attention from the government to be equal in development.
Shillong, Nailur 05: Police of East Jaintia Hills District today received a tip that a man was riding a Sumo (MZ01-P-2566) to Shillong. they shall not carry intoxicating liquor.
From time to time, the Seng has received many complaints from the residents of Laskein Block regarding the inconsistency in the implementation of this scheme and the insufficient payment of wages to the 100 days employees. , there are also many problems in the villages.
On this occasion, the synjuk has prepared a prize of 5000 tyngka for the first place, 3000 tyngka for the second place and 2000 tyngka for the third place.
According to the documents received, the Khasi have been in Manipur since
This will be for the new salary, the increase in the payment of pension of government employees and the 40% arrears.
“If the Governor's rule comes and now there will be a new amendment to the Khyrnit Bahynriew, everything is in front, if we don't take part in the new amendment, maybe they will bring an amendment to Parliament. When the rule of the Governor comes, who will look after the welfare of the land, the customs and traditions, will it not affect?  It is on that basis that we have decided to support if they bring a new amendment in Parliament to the Khyrnit Bahynriew. explained Mr. Ronnie.
Other CEC leaders including Donald V Thabah, General Secretary, KSU CEC, Biangbor L. Paliar, Organizing Secretary, KSU CEC, Manly Nongpluh, Finance Secretary, KSU CEC and other office bearers of the parent organization.
In another incident, police have recovered the body of Kalpana Nath, 40, from Pynthorbah Block-I Shillong near Umkaliar Football Ground near Nongmynsong. The Civil Hospital does not have a job.
Tura, March 26: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma today held a meeting with the Chiefs of Police in Garo Hills in the presence of the Director General of Police R Chandranathan and all the Superintendents of Police from Garo Hills. District of Garo Hills.
The winners of the competition were awarded cash prizes ranging from T.50,000 to T.3,000 for Banglang and pigs.
On the other hand, Himalaya M Shangpliang from the Congress, MLA of Mawsynram, was present at the swearing-in ceremony.
SD Khongwir said the passing away of Archbishop Rev Dominic Jala is a loss not only to the church but to the nation as a whole.
The court, after hearing the arguments from the two cases, said that the government's ration should be distributed to the people under the Public Distribution System.
There are 2481 service voters.
The BSF led by the General Secretary of the Seng KS Suchiang, Asst GS Pynshai Kupar Dkhar has lodged a complaint with the DGP of the state to take action to relocate these BSF personnel in Sonapyrdi and those in Sonapyrdi. NH-6 on the border of Dona Umbluh and Ratachera villages.
Speaking on the occasion, SB Bose Managing Director of WAMUL said that this is an honor for the dairy farmers of Assam who have been awarded the NCDFI e-market Award 2022-23 by the Minister. Amit Shah for the development of milk production in Assam and this honor belongs to the entire team of Purabi Dairy.
Amit Shah said that in order to improve our legal affairs according to the present conditions, 3 new laws have been introduced under the leadership of Prime Minister Duh and after promulgation of these, under 3 years our legal professions will be among the best in the world and pursuing scientific knowledge.
Shillong, July 31: Speaking at a public meeting to express opposition to the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016, CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) HS Shylla on Tuesday said that the BJP government under the leadership of Narendra Modi I will accept this Bill and this is your view.
He said that there were also incidents in Laban where 2-3 Khasi were shot dead by a group of 10-15 non-Khasi but Muslims in Laban on the 6th of June. 2024 but the Police have not taken any action to arrest those involved even after revealing the names and addresses of the people involved in the shooting.
If the JHADC does not look into this matter, the party will take responsibility to evict them,” said the statement.
There were 4003 non-regular students who took the examination and 3577 students who came to write the examination and 1334 students who passed with a percentage of 37.29%. .
The Prime Minister said that the most important thing is to take precautionary measures, such as hygiene, eat healthy foods, be self-conscious and check from time to time where the it is with your health.
Speaking to media after the meeting, the Minister said that the SRC will meet again on the 26th of this month to continue. I'm going to talk about this same subject.
At the same time, NEEPCO officials also visited the schools, water supply systems and promised to provide school buildings, toilets and water supply systems to the entire village of Iooksi.
It has also provided for the treatment of four types of patients – Category A without symptoms, Category B with low symptoms, Category C with severe symptoms and Category D with severe symptoms. Besides the home quarantine, the Government has also opened the door for isolation at the Corona Care Centers in Shillong and Tura for those who do not have space in their homes. house to do this work.
On the other hand, the ANVC(B) said that the government should find ways and means to provide accommodation to these members of the party, as at present they are living in their own homes. .
Samla Dahun-I Tyngkan Organizing Secretary, Samla Sonia Kharpamtiah Discipline Secretary, Samla Pynhoi Chympa Public Secretary, Samla Teishwami Lamare Sport Secretary, Samla Romi Kharpamtiah Assistant Sport Secretary, Samla Wanmi Langwar Education Secretary.
The Pariksha Pe Charcha was a platform for the Prime Minister to talk face to face with the students.
Banshailang Pyngrope President NSUI Meghalaya said they are not against the examination but against the conduct of the examination.
On the 10th of this month, NESO, KSU, TSF and AASU visited and listened to the story of four of the victims. One of the seriously injured has been sent to Kolkata for further treatment.
A case has been registered at Laitumkhrah Police Station under case number 239(12)16 where a 14-year-old girl was trafficked at the Quest House in Motinagar, Shillong.
Although the relatives of the deceased have been trying to find her since the day she went missing, they have not been able to find her and have informed the Dorbar Shnong about the incident.
In his welcoming remarks, ADC Bah D.Wahlang urged the political parties to work together as usual at this time. India is the largest democracy in the world and some neighboring countries want this but don't get it.
Shillong, November 07: U Muna Kumar Ray, resident of Bishop Cotton Road, Shillong, has lodged a complaint with the police that his wife has been shot dead. Dhama Devi's old money went to the bank.
It is to be recalled that in the past few months, the GHSMC has submitted a petition to the Union Minister from the Prime Minister Narendra Modi to claim Garoland under the leadership of the GHSMC. Augustine Ch Marak, MDC of GHADC, told SP News Agency that the march was a success and thousands of people came to take part in the march. to express their desire to get their own Garoland.
On the other hand, the police had to do this because of their dissatisfaction with the District Administration's issuance of a curfew.
The MPCC said that the government has taken many measures to ensure that the Chief Minister is the Chief Minister without responsibility. to prevent an influx of foreigners.
Shillong, Naitung 25: There are 30 new cases of COVID-19 in East Jaintia Hills, 2 in East Khasi Hills, 6 in Ri Bhoi and 2 in South Garo Hills. , South West Garo Hills 1, West Garo Hills 14, West Jaintia Hills 1, West Khasi Hills 1.
When inquired, he said that the State Government already has T.20 crore in hand to provide assistance to those affected by the tragic incidents with the approval of the Deputy Commissioners.
The lack of transportation services is one of the reasons that makes it difficult and affects the lives of people with disabilities in their daily lives.
Shillong, Nailar 23: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has sought clarification from the Health Department of the State Government regarding the MBBS quota in Meghalaya.
All illegal appointments in the Lokayukta's office should be cancelled,” she demanded.
Regarding this information of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, the schools have posted this information on the notice boards that the schools usually post so that the parents of the children can see it as a precautionary measure.
Among the households that have been affected by this natural disaster, only one household has been affected.
The officers briefed MR on vaccination and the capacity of states to do this for those above 45 years of age.
“The BJP is now in power in 18 states in the country and the Union Government is also ruled by the BJP. states outside the region.
On the other hand, KSU General Secretary Donal V Thabah said that the KSU has carried the placards to express its opposition to the CAB.
Jowai, Naiwieng 25: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Jalaphet Unit has expressed its strong condemnation to the robbers involved in the robbery and injury of the Rangbah Shnong of Jalaphet Bri Sumer on the 22nd of this month.
The purpose of the resignation of the Governor of Meghalaya is to conduct a clean investigation to find out whether all these allegations are true or false. The law will punish him as the law deems fit and if it is found that it is just a plot to slander him, the law will punish those involved.
These parts were spoken in the House, but many times he was stingy because he is the only MLA, when it comes to the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of the State. They shall keep it, but they shall also express their opposition and shall not be satisfied.
On this occasion, the CEM announced to allocate Rs 50 lakh from the KHADC for the improvement of the Madan.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The people of Meghalaya have cast their votes on the 23rd of this month to elect the new Leaders of the State Legislative Assembly.
Two BJP MLAs Sanbor Shullai and AL Hek, Baghmara Independent MLA Kartush R Marak were also present at the meeting.
This honor is to encourage others as well.
It will provide safe, orderly and efficient transport between the cities of the country.
The General Secretary of the HYC said that the Council has demanded that the Minister should take measures to set up CUET centers in all districts of the state.
Furthermore, the present era demands many things for the good and benefit of the society, therefore, the Seng urges the students of Hyniewtrep to work hard and minutely so that they can achieve their goals. come forward in their studies.
The group of doctors was led by Dr. Alistar Lyngdoh, President of the Association.
As a citizen of Meghalaya I have had many opportunities to spread traditional songs and poetry not only in India but abroad,” said Kong Silbi.
He also promised to raise the issue of ILP. He said that if he becomes MP of Shillong Parliament, he will Introduce the MP education fund to support school children especially the poor children so that the part-time dropout rate of children can be reduced.
Speaking at the inauguration of the new HCM building which has been constructed at a cost of T.45/- crore, the Chief Minister informed the public that from this year the government will start construction of the Secretariat. Mawkasiang New Shillong Town ship.
The President of the KSU said that during the meeting, the Minister of Home Affairs, James K Sangma, promised that the government will strengthen the police force to patrol the area. During the meeting, the government also demanded that the government should provide compensation to the injured and the Minister of Home Affairs. He said the government will look into what it can do to help the victims of the shooting by the Assam police.
Because of his dedication, he has opened up employment opportunities for those who have been trained by him in various companies related to the automotive industry and factories in the state and abroad.
The Prime Minister of India has said that terrorism is a threat to peace and stability.
Jowai, Naitung 15: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills District Unit has wishes you all a Happy New Year.
Allan West Kharkongor said that the state has three precious treasures, one is the Jingkieng Jri, the Mawlynnong River and the Umngot River.
Amitabh Kant, G20 Sherpa, said India firmly believes that the country should think and take a step on this journey to space.
The session of the Legislative Assembly will be held in the first month of November, but due to the COVID-19 pandemic, it is understood that the session will not be for many days but for a few days.
OL Nongtdu and HDR Lyngdohki have been elected as the party leaders.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: UDP Sub Committee Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh on Tuesday said that the decision of the UDP Sub Committee held at the party president's residence on Tuesday was to They will lodge a complaint with the Minister of District Council Affairs of the State Government against the reply of Ban PN Syiem on nine issues requested by the UDP from the CEM. KHADC: Another decision was that the UDP will discuss in the House on nine issues which it has requested clarification from the CEM of KHADC in the Budget Session which will start on the 20th. Dr Jemino said that the meeting was held in any form on the nine issues which they have already sent in writing because they have not received the reply sent by the CEM. The people as a party working within the EC have the right to ask for an explanation but the manner of explanation from the CEM of KHADC is not clear. One of the issues they asked for but the answer of the CEM was only six.
“The 18 gates, which the Government has mentioned in the Act and written for the First, Second and Third Phase, are only in writing while in reality they are “Nil.
The campaign aims to bridge the gender gap by increasing the allocation of jobs with more male participation.
Shillong, Nailur 29: The Union Minister of State for Tourism, KJ Alphons, on Tuesday said that “under the BJP government, not a single church has been burnt down. The media is lying and cheating to promote the BJP”.
The Chief Secretary, Bah DP Wahlang, government officials and army officials, thousands of officials, attended the ceremony to mark the Independence Day of India by helicopter. Twenty people have come to take part in the celebration.
Tura, Nailar 11: The Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills District, Pravin Bakshi, today said that they are in the process of taking action regarding the damage caused by the floods in the district. happened in recent days.
Edmund Khongngai said that although the NHIDCL has promised to hold a protest against the silence, the NHIDCL has not believed and alleged that it has been misleading from time to time. for.
Shillong, July 23: The Special Court (SSP) POCSO Act on 21/06/2022 has convicted Ferdinus Marbaniang under the provisions of the POCSO Act. 10 of the POSCO Act by imprisonment for three years and three months and a fine of T.3000/-.
Union Minister Amit Shah said that thanks to the leadership of the Prime Minister, the North East is now free from all conflicts and peace has prevailed in the region.
At this meeting, he said that the alliance between the HSPDP and the UDP is to bring in a government of the ethnic parties apart from the Congress and the BJP. protect your own people.
Regarding the 1-War East MDC Constituency under JHADC, he said that there is only one MDC Constituency with 6773 voters and 5927 voters came to cast their votes. The percentage of swimming is 87.51 percent.
The funds will be received in two installments, the first installment of 150 million US Dollars and the second installment of 150 million US Dollars.
On the other hand, the KSU has laid a wreath in front of the statue of Babu Soso Tham which the KSU has erected on the ground floor of NEHU to honor this great man of the nation.
“We urge those who live, work and study in Delhi to take part in this two-day National Seminar and we also urge the Khasi people who have come to Delhi to take part,” he said.
On the other hand, the Speaker put before the House whether the House will accept or not.
He delivered a welcome speech and answered the questions raised by the participants.
On the other hand, Mukherjee said that this will strengthen the relationship with the people.
Shillong, Lber 13: Ri Bhoi Police have arrested a complaint filed against Nongpoh Police Station under Section 120B/121A IPC R/W Sec 10/13/18 UA. (P) Act and sec 5/6 Explosives Substance Act, police today seized IED bomb making equipment, flags of the HNLC and other documents.
Dear brothers and sisters, the custom I remember since I was a child is that when there is a marriage ceremony in a family, the whole village shares the responsibility and contribution.
Therefore, for the sake of the life and death of the country and the nation, we should not rely on others to protect us, but it is our duty as a nation to create the means and work hard to protect our country. of the country and the nation from the invasion of foreign nations"
The ceremony will be held at the conference hall of the MSOA tomorrow morning, according to a statement from the president of the MSOA, Bah John F Kharshiing.
What affects them is that in this age there is no assistance and when they make mistakes they are told and this is not only on the footpath but also in the JNURM vehicles even the two vehicles. There is no seat for the disabled but the drivers of these vehicles don't know about it and they say “Wut Wut” when they get on the vehicle.
Rangbah Shnong, Women's Organisations, Drivers of the market have taken part in the cleanliness drive as part of the preparations for the Independence Day celebrations. Day.
Shillong, July 28: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) War Jaintia Circle and Amlarem Police Station on Tuesday held a program to avoid drugs especially drugs. Monthly in the market of Amlarem.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: BSF troops at Borsora in West Khasi Hills have arrested a man for allegedly smuggling counterfeit money while he was coming from Bangladesh to enter India.
At the ceremony, the Chief Minister said that the Meghalaya government wants to bring about change in education and the Education Policy prepared by the government is almost complete and will be implemented soon. that this policy will guide the government in the management of education in the state.
“I don't think that if our people go to do business and work in other places outside the state, they can do whatever they want there.
Regarding the Third Division, the federation is scheduled to start in the third month of November 2024, followed by the Second Division in the first month of April, the third of January
The resignation comes 10 days after the CEM of KHADC, Titosstarwell Chyne, announced that Pyniad Sing Syiem will be the new Chairman of KHADC. News Agency said that it is true that the Chairman of KHADC has resigned today and has not sent his resignation letter today.
Therefore, in this regard, the union would like to request you to take action to find ways and means to clean up, and also to bring adequate funds to find a place and build a landfill. niut sufficient for the welfare of the residents.
Speaking to media after the party meeting held at the Wahingdoh Dorbar Shnong today.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The Government has handed over 56 33/11 KV Sub-stations under the jurisdiction of MePDCL to a foreign company, M/s Broadcasting Engineering Consultants India. Limited (BECIL) is responsible for the complaints and complaints of the public including MeECL employees and civil society.
Replying to a supplementary question, the Umroi MLA said that the lack of BDOs to work in the Block has also led to corruption and slowness in the implementation of development schemes to the BDOs. village.
Shillong, November  18:Just 6 overs were possible on the second day of the Cooch Behar Trophy, a BCCI multi-day tournament for U-19 men, between Meghalaya and Mizoram at the MCA Ground here today.
Therefore, the Seng has demanded that these education departments should postpone the selection tests in schools, and that they should give at least 2 months to the students to prepare before announcing the examinations. selection test.
In 2011 and 2012, the session lasted only 17 days.
The four issues that Bah HS Shylla wants to raise with the public are, the first is on the basis of preserving the customs and traditions especially on the powers of the Rangbah Shnong and the bar village value and the protection. and that is, no one shall be allowed to change it.
On the other hand, STIEH has supported the Bill of KHADC and many groups have supported it and KHADC should expedite the amendment to see that this Bill will change. noh the law.
During these three days, the Conference was held to discuss how to bring about unity among the Sengbhalang of the area and also to express a united voice in any case. Thain is facing problems.
Shillong, Naitung 23: The Deputy Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem today introduced the Salaries and Allowances (Ninth Amendment) Bill,
As we always remember the words of John Milton:.
“Here in Pynthorumkhrah Constituency there are still many poor families but I cannot help them because we are not in a good position but I promise that if I come I will do a lot for the students and other needs such as Market in Lumshyiap and sports complexes,” he said.
If the government does this, it will attract people from outside the Rib a to come to this place who want to know more about the situation and the works of this great king of the country. Ri Khasi you have.
The signatories of the statement were Ardent Basaiawmoit, Dr Jemino Mawthoh and James Sangma.
More detailed rules can be found on the websites of the Press Information Bureau () and the I&B Department ().
The letter signed by Bah Adelbert Nongrum was brought by NCP MLA Saleng A Sangma to the MDA at a meeting held today. Mr. Adelbert Nongrum to the meeting.
On this occasion, awards were also distributed to 49 students who have excelled in their studies from matriculation to PhD. every year to encourage students in their studies.
The 2023-2024 Budget Session of the Legislative Assembly will start tomorrow with a speech by the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan.
It may be recalled that the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, at the BJP public meeting held at Polo Ground on the 16th of this month, announced that the central government will allocate T. 180 crore for the construction of the Shillong Airport at Umroi.
The DC has also issued a ban on gathering of more than three persons in public places, no vehicles are allowed to move or park, whether government or private vehicles.
Shillong, Lber 02: U Sanbor Shullai, MLA and President of the National People's Party (NCP), on Tuesday said that the government has already appointed a committee headed by DD Lapang. Inspect the land in Shillong, which land has been purchased by the Government, which has been purchased by the army and which belongs to the Kurs by taking the year 1863 as the starting year.
During the inspection, the Minister said that the Urban Development Department will talk to the Transport Department about the land under the jurisdiction of Meghalaya. The Transport Corporation, which owns the land, can build a parking lot if it can get this land.
On this occasion, he said that as the Speaker of the House, he wants to see that the new House should be completed by the end of 2021. Government to support the completion of this House.
Shillong, November 19: Grace Mary Kharpuri, EM in charge of Markets, Shillong, today handed over a pickup to the Mylliem Hima. kit the synrum from the market.
In 2016, the Startup India program was launched to provide tax assistance to startups, self-certification, and acceleration in patent applications.
There are 92 recoveries from all districts in the state. The highest number of recoveries is from East Khasi Hills 46, West Garo Hills 18 cases. so far there are 91482 people.
The union demands that the state government through the health department should send a letter that schools should not hold back the results or force the students and harass the parents of the students. Because if it cannot do so, it will appear that the Government is speaking two minds on this issue.
Wallam applied for bail from the Special Judge (NIA) but the court refused to grant him bail on 22.09.2022, 09.03.2023 and
“Those who fled and stayed temporarily in Shillong went to Aizawl, Delhi, Bangalore and some went back to Manipur,” she said.
The JAC of the three parties urges the government and the Minister of Electricity to take action and the party will wait for the Minister's promise in this regard.
The 58-GTC has organized this special ceremony to commemorate his death anniversary and this is the 40th ceremony.
The consumption of the Leshka power project is tens of times higher than the power consumed. The permits received by the government from NEEPCO and other power plants.
On the same day, the Walang Sniang Scheme was launched by the Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department of West Jaintia Hills District together with the MGNREGA Scheme under Laskein. C& RD Block.
Nongstoin, Nailar 8 : Three persons have set fire to a dumper truck and a transit mixer of a company on the morning of 7th Nailar, from Russia to Vozrahideni which is currently under construction on the road from Nongstoin to Wahkaji.
The closing date for submission of entry forms is
The theme of the government's efforts to increase income is in the agriculture sector, which has increased the income of the state as Meghalaya is still dependent on agriculture. agriculture in all the villages and these are the source of food for the people of the state.
During the meeting with the traders from Meghalaya and Assam, the Children's Minister of the Czech Republic, Radek Braum, said that the talks with the government authorities have been smooth and on his part. They invited the Chief Minister to visit their country to see where they can work together.
It was also witnessed that a Karbi youth was injured when a stone fell from parts of his shyllangmat.
Prestone said the state government will send a letter to the Joint Parliamentary Committee (JPC) to oppose the central government's proposal to amend the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill,
He directed the India Meteorological Department (IMD) and the Central Water Commission (CWC) to expedite the work of updating the use of flood forecasting tools.
They called for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit and the introduction of the Inner Line Permit. the Khasi language in the fifth schedule of the Constitution of India.
After completing the tests and taking several families, it was found that there was a Garo girl aged 21-22 years old who came to work in Lumshyiap,” he said. said the Village Headman.
At Standjeep, the Magistrates and Police had to wait on the road to explain to the people not to leave without any force and the Magistrates and Police had to turn back the people who wanted to leave. to walk without work.
The SMB has been directed to post this information on the doors of all those households affected in the area. people to prove their residence in the area.
At present, only the UDP, other parties like the HSPDP and the PDF have not yet spoken and even the NPP has not spoken.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister in charge of Home Affairs, he said, “I have come to talk to the Minister on the issue of We have been talking since 2012 with the participation of the village leaders of Laitkroh, Khatarshnong and surrounding areas because of the need for a Police Outpost in this area”.
Therefore, the Contract Association requests the Minister to look into both these issues and to direct the Labor Office not to issue Labor Licenses until the work orders are received.
The bill aims to amend the Central Universities Act, 2009 to provide for the establishment of Gati Shakti Vishwavidyalaya as a corporate body.
Shylla scored the first goal for Malki Sport Club in the 18th minute and Samuela Lalmuanpuia's scored for Lajong in the 21st minute.
During the search, police arrested Joseph Hmangaih Zula (46 years old) on suspicion of smuggling these drugs.
The KSU alleged that these are not the leaders of the people but the land traders and agents of UCIL. The NHIDCL is nothing but a fake image of UCIL. When they held a meeting at Umdohlun on the 22nd with only dozens of people, many of them didn't think that there was such a public meeting because even the villagers from Wakaji didn't think that it would be held. don that public meeting.
He said that if the Government approves the ILP, there will be rules to ensure that there should be no inconvenience to the people passing through the state.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, HFU President Commande Shangpliang said that the government should not treat the farmers too badly, but should issue an official notification immediately. only in the air.
Meghalaya's GST collection for July 2023 is T.194.14 crore, an increase of 27%. In July 2022, the GST collection in Meghalaya will be T.194.14 crore. 152.59 crore.
In the future, new technologies will play an important role in all economic and social activities.
Shillong, Nailur 08: The Meghalaya Women's Congress (MPMC) today held a protest against the high price of petrol and petrol. the whole of India.
Shillong, Lber 25: The Cabinet today discussed the issue of food and beverages as the 21 day lockdown is not easy for the people to stay at home without food and beverages. to buy any food or drink from any place to buy.
Patel said the Congress government led by Dr Mukul Sangma has not done anything for the state especially the unresolved border issue, the problem of school children and many other activities in which the state is still lagging behind in many ways.
The public can submit their views to this group in writing or in any other way on various issues that they feel the governments in the coming years should do for the public. , whether in employment, agriculture, trade and land management.
The National People's Party (NPP) today announced that Purno A Sangma will file his nomination for the MP election from the 2-Tura Parliamentary seat to be held on the 9th of this month. to come.
Furthermore, the union has requested the relevant authorities to inspect these two buildings and to find out how much damage has been caused before repairing it so that the building will not be damaged.
The ejahar was lodged by Digvijay Singh, who said that they had gone to eat at 58-Guargaon but when they returned from the place, the vehicle was hit. Digvijay Singh, a vehicle collided with another vehicle.
He said that the distribution of sugar through ration shops is now the responsibility of the state government as the central government has abolished the subsidy of T.18.5 tyngka per kilo, but now the state government has to The total cost is T.25.27 per kilo and the sale to the public is T.30 per kilo.
PFR FA, which won the tournament, received a cash prize of T.40,000 while Mylliemlum, which came second, received a cash prize of T.20,0
Harijan leader Gurjit Singh said they have submitted their wish to the government and the government has submitted its wish. which they have spoken and shall take a decision.
At the end of the match, Mawrohroh won the title through two goals from Khlainbor Khongsit and Kynsailang Khongsit.
Answering a supplementary question, the Minister of Rural Development said that so far no application has been received for the construction of a block in Purakhasia. this claim too.
There are 102 cases.
“It is on this basis that we will create the framework of our G-20 Presidency together with our friends from the Western Hemisphere who have walked alongside India on the path of development. for decades now," he said.
Mr. Shylla said.
It is important to remember that young people will get the future they build".
FKJGP Mawlai Circle has already met with the Minister of Rural Development, Bah Prestone Tynsong to discuss the issue of block offices. Your Mawlai Block office is located in Mawlai.
Two Lamas of the HNLC were erected in Pnar, one in Jowai and one in Khliehriat. This is only a sign that the Seng and the Jaidbynriew are alive.
There are 711 recoveries from East Garo Hills, 6 from East Jaintia Hills, 320 from East Khasi Hills, 148 from Ri Bhoi, 11 from North Garo Hills and 65 from South West. The total number of recoveries has risen to 29,578 in Garo Hills.
Even the proposal to set up an outpost in Psiar and Khatkasla, if the people do not oppose it, we will not be able to accept that Psiar and Khatkasla are the territories of Meghalaya.
Tuesday Lytep urged the new office bearers to be brave like the previous leaders to work hard as the youth for the bright future of War Jaintia. The leaders of the party may change but the party survives from time to time because it has a strong foundation to work hard for the nation as a whole.
Shillong, Lber 16: After the second session of the House, Ranikor MLA Martin M Danggo wanted to know whether the letter spoken by the Governor of the state in the House will be replaced.
The presence of this police station will provide better security to this place of worship which is also one of the tourist attractions of the world.
The 58 members include 27 from the Congress, 8 from the UDP, 4 from the HSPDP, 2 from the NPP and NCP, one from the NESDP and the GNC and Independent.
The union does not want to say or criticize the management of the land because it belongs to the government and those involved in it, what they want is only to get the land. their salaries which have remained unchanged since 2013 until now.
During the march, the residents and members of the KSU carried placards demanding that Biangkupar should be sentenced to life imprisonment for his crimes.
PN Syiem said the EC will discuss the report tomorrow and it will be up to the EC whether it wants to bring it to the House or not. steps.
Shillong, November 05: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 9 cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in the state, 8 cases from East Khasi Hills and 1 case from East Garo Hills.
Mobile phones were recovered from their bodies.
Members of NESO today submitted a petition to the states of their respective states to send to the central government to oppose the proposal to implement the CAB. The KSU and GSU have sent a petition to the Governor of Meghalaya to protest against the central government's plan to implement the CAB. Hundreds of members of these two student organizations have come out to protest against the CAB. Almost all the students have come to support the CAB. you are not in the state.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: HANM in Ri Bhoi District today seized a bus number AS-25BC-6247 at Umran Dairy. These 15 people have been deported.
The Sordar of Shnong said that the scheme has been constructed with the financing of the Asian Development Bank and MeECL has handed over to the Power Grid to build the Power Sub Station. 2017 and the work continued until mid-2
When the government implements any development scheme, it is to achieve the aspirations and desires of the people to alleviate poverty in all aspects of the country but this has not been achieved with the people. To implement the wishes of the people, the Government of Meghalaya has introduced a law to address this issue by taking the people to participate in the decision-making process.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The Chairman of the PDF party, Bah PN Syiem, today held a public meeting at Pongkung.
The winners of this competition were Sushila Taropi, Profita Kropi and Seriti Timungpi.
The road in the area is currently being constructed by the Dhar Company and the road has affected the households along the road. Banlamlynti Kharbani Secretary of the New Shillong Branch has urged the company to ensure that the road is reduced.
On the other hand, SP Mukesh Singh said that the arrest of him was only for investigation but his escape from the hands of the police has proved that he was involved in the killing of Thakur.
Shillong, July 21: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today decided to reinstate the “KHADC, Khasi Social Custom of Clan", Bill 2020 in this session starting on 6th November
Also present on the occasion were the supporters of the party who came from Sohra to support Bah Allan on the occasion of his joining the party, Grace Mary Kharpuri MDC. , Prestone Tynsong and other dignitaries were present on the occasion.
Shillong, July 05: The KSU Laban Circle this morning lodged a complaint and reminded once again against the suspension of foreigners from illegally raising cattle in Maxwelton Estate and Lower Lumparing.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The KSU Branch of Umlaper Village on the Assam border in Ri Bhoi District has expressed its surprise to see that the Jio Tower which has been built for a year has not been used. claim.
Mawkynrew People’s Democratic Front BANTEIDOR LYNGDOH (WINNER), 30.
Shillong, July 9: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) today raised flags in Motphran and Khyndailad as a sign of protest against the incident at JNU in Delhi.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The District Rural Development Agency (DRDA) on Tuesday held a program as part of the launch of the Visit Bharat Sankalp Yatra in South West Garo Hills at MFC, Ampati.
It is learned that there is a problem known as “Netting subject problems” and now they are trying to resolve this problem and soon they will not release the B.Sc result of the Sixth semester and now they are resolving this problem. and soon they will release the results.
Regarding the preparations for the day, Bah BPO Warjri said that as of now, the number of policemen to patrol on that day is sufficient and if more police are available, it will be better.
Former MLA Bah Kennedy Khyriem who was involved in the donation of the tournament urged the students to make the most of their time in their studies so that they can progress.
The photography competition was organized by the Rotary Club Shillong, in collaboration with the DIPR office, 170 participants and 85 photographers.
In 2004, India removed the battalion, which was a major weapon in the Pakistan war in 1971 and provided protection in the eastern and western parts of the country. of India in this war.
W. Diengdoh, Branch Manager, Apex Bank Ltd. in her speech said that there is a need to work together to strengthen the cooperatives to improve the income of the people in the rural areas.
The Government has directed the Urban Development Department to allocate land for them to accommodate the people who will be evacuated from the area. people.
Kong Adlyne Khonglam, you are a poet, singer and musician with a strong voice that touches the hearts and strength of the people with your songs and words about rural life, the slow voice in the end and the bright voices in the society. .
Bah Mawrie immediately went to Bah Hek's room and said that he would immediately write a letter approving my name.
Shillong, Naitung 21: The Khasi Hills Democratic Front (KHDA) today announced that it will call for a face-to-face meeting with three MDCs who support the Khasi Hills Democratic Alliance (KHDA) led by HS Shylla of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
When Anil Haque saw the police, he tried to flee into the forest but was arrested by the police. She was forced to marry Anil Haque.
During the meeting, there was a clear discussion on how to deal with these four demands of the HYC along with other issues that they have already put before the Hima.
The lack of maintenance of this place whether by the Hima Mawphlang or the KHADC has led to the destruction of this unique place.
North Koreans have been strictly prohibited from leaving the country, and anyone who enters the country without proper documents will be shot dead by security forces.
Another issue is the poverty of those who have many children to send them to school.
Shillong, July 29: Nickey Nongkhlaw, President of the National People's Youth Front (NPYF) today appointed Kitborlang Nongrem as the State President of the National People's Youth Front (NPYF) for Meghalaya.
Shillong, November 08: A petrol truck heading to Mizoram collided with Mukakhu near Ladrymbai in East Jaintia Hills District.
On this occasion, the state police also tightened their patrols around Shillong by deploying water tankers and operating a face cleaning vehicle.
In the past, MeECL used to give warnings to release the water but this time it has not given any warnings which has led to the loss of lives of people who have drowned in the water.
The BJP has alleged that the government has not taken action against the rape of women. If the government had taken action, some of them should have been punished under the POSCO Act.
West Khasi Hills District 5, 58 cases in Ri Bhoi, 16 cases in West Jaintia Hills District, 17 cases in West Garo Hills, 2 cases in South Garo Hills.
Referring to the annual revenue collection in the state, he said that the revenue of Meghalaya from various taxes has reached T.3000/- crore and what they get from it is the revenue. those from the Central Government are T.5000/- crore per annum.
Answering a supplementary question by the Mawlai MLA, the Minister in charge of Urban Affairs said that the money has been sent directly to the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District. and this money has already been used by those who should have received it and they have already given an explanation of how this money has been spent.
Iashanborlang Mukhim President of KSU Malki Branch said that the KSU today conducted a raid on the villages in Malki village and found that there are 62 people who do not have Work Permit.
“Therefore, we demand that this garbage dump should be removed immediately and cleaned up immediately but otherwise we will not refuse to remove it ourselves,” said the union.
The party has informed the state from time to time but the answer is the violence at the border.
He said the loss of him is a great loss to the state at this age when the state still needs him.
The road was handed over to the residents of Shillong today. The existence of this road will help in reducing the traffic jam in Shillong.
Police have registered a case against them.
Shillong, November 10: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Charles Pyngrope today expressed his surprise to learn that the bill passed by the Legislative Assembly in 2005 to recognize the Khasi and Gro as Khasi and Garo as synrop languages ​​in government offices have not been sent to the Central Government till date.
However, the goods imported from abroad are not required without any payment, while the farmers of our country when they sell their goods have to cut up to 50 kilos of rice. 6 or 7 kilos per 50 kilos as well as the cube of sohsaw and other jhur which the Khasi farmers come to sell.
Jyoti said she will continue her education by studying Arts and has a dream of becoming an IAS or IPS officer.
What the civil society organizations will take is to force the government to implement the ILP in the state.
Speaking to reporters, Saleng Sangma said that he will be honored and he is very happy on this day.
Shillong, July 04: On the allegation by the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma that the alliance between the UDP and the HSPDP is a backward alliance with the BJP, it is wrong, said Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit.
The petrol bomb was destroyed by a petrol shop called GM Hardware. From the bottles recovered by the police, it was said that the robbers had filled the bottles with petrol. beer.
Joe Thangkhiew, one of the members of the Meghalaya Films Production Quilt, said that this is an insult to the filmmakers who have worked hard to produce films. it is illegal to that extent.
Shillong, Kber 15: The Shillong Diocese has received for the fourth time the Stashu (Relic) of Saint Anthony of Padua.
The KSU said that there is no peace in the society and it will increase the infiltration of other ethnic groups and will also bring instability especially to women and children.
After the suspicion of his death, the Crime Scene Unit was immediately informed to search for witnesses from the scene.
Our farmers who work under difficult and painful conditions to grow crops to feed their fellow countrymen, whom they have never met, and who live in a corner of the country, work not because they just fulfill their duty.
The last speech was delivered by Shanbor Khongjah, one of the leading office bearers of the Sengkhasi Sengriaj, who expressed his regret over the decline in the price of the Khasi dress in this age. As a nation, we despise and despise our own but we are proud to cover up that of others.
The approach of the Government of India has been clearly seen in the fight against COVID-1
New Delhi, July 05: The Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra has reached its peak today.
Sange Sherpa cleaned the Tsomgo Lake and his steps changed the nature of this lake which receives water from the resorts.
On the other hand, the residents expressed their gratitude to the BSF for this. The BSF has done this under their scheme known as the assistance to the people on the border with Bangladesh.
This is an important time to introduce environmental practices in Meghalaya and to build progress and practices that will bring about a transformation to a sustainable and sustainable economy. depends on the preservation, salvation and protection of the environment.
“Happy Birthday to all the children of the Seiñ Raij Tuber and the people of Jaintia Hills”.
Patients from young to old, did not miss this opportunity and came to this place early in the morning to get eye treatment along with medicines.
Many of these measures in the past two months have helped to bring transparency in the workplace to attract voters and these benefits are long-lasting.
He said that the Meghalaya shynrai is a symbol of victory in which it has been praised in Davos for its competition in Europe.
After arresting the three persons who were allegedly involved in the robbery of the two truck drivers, the police found that Thmubait I Dkhar is the Personal Security Officer of Bah Kyrmen Shylla, Special Branch Security Wing, 3rd Battalion.
All students are requested to read the instructions on the admit card before coming to the examination as scheduled for them. number 0364-2591239 and mobile number
The king danced from the middle to the middle around the square and the other dancers danced. narud and the men also dance from the rud as if they were the guardians of the women.
The CPU, Key Board and Mouse have been recovered by the police and the court has given five days to the police to investigate the arrested government employee.
Shangpliang said the officers dismissed from the Lokayukta office are retired officers from the Police Department.
The weapons seized include an AK-47 with 26 rounds of ammunition, a carbine with three magazines, a 9mm pistol with two magazines, a 7.65 pistol and three 7.65 rounds. mm, three Improvised Explosive Device (IED) bombs and documents were also seized.
Shillong, Naitung 02: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma in the presence of the Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, has honored the students who passed the examination. The MBoSE was organized by the University of Science and Technology, Meghalaya (USTM).
Police of Umiam Police Station, Ribhoi District on Tuesday arrested two members of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) identified as Kynsaijun Thabah alias Sin Kynsai, 32 years old. Sanborlang Rapsang, 38, resident of Umlyngka, Kynton Block-II and Sanborlang Rapsang, 38, resident of Mawlai Umjajew, East Khasi Hills District.
Also present on the occasion were the village officials and parents of the winners. These students were awarded certificates and a cash prize of T.2000/- tyngka.
When asked, Bah Paul said, “It is not right to blame that the Government has not provided support, we have provided support to more than 9 Deaddiction Centers and the treatment has gone ahead with the recent example. It is Mawlai where the village leaders have come forward to help the drug users but all the necessities such as food, accommodation, shelter have been funded by the Government through the Social Welfare Department.
The statue was built in China and will be inaugurated on 31st March 2018 by the Prime Minister of India near Narmada Dam (Gujarat).
It is to be recalled that the District Administration of Ri Bhoi District led by CP Gotmare Deputy Commissioner and Ramesh Singh Superintendent of Police on 27/0 /2017 in Shangbangla and Nongpoh where they ordered the CRPF and the state police to bomb and tied naphang members of the party without any reason or grounds.
: Police of East Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday at 5:30 pm have stopped a Maruti S-Presso (Tourist) vehicle carrying Police have recovered heroin and illegal drugs from the vehicle.
On the other hand, Samla Elevenson Wanniang, President Mawkyrwat Circle, urged the public to give together and not to ignore the offers of money from the agents.
NPP MLA Agatha K Sangma today handed over her resignation letter to the Deputy Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, TD Shira, due to the absence of Speaker Dr Donkupar Roy. The meeting was attended by North Tura MLA Thomas K Sangma.
The policeman, who tested positive for COVID-19 after returning from a village in West Garo Hills District, was sent for testing and found positive.
The Deputy Commissioner's Office will start in other blocks and also in Jowai on the 6th July at the District Library Auditorium, Mynthong. , Jowai.
Regarding the Primary Health Care (PHC) centres, the Minister said that the allocation has increased from T.1,80,0000 in 2022 to T.2,60,0000 this year.
This year's IYG will be held in Srinagar, where it will be led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Shillong, November 06: The President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Dr Donkupar Roy, who is also the Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, today said that the Congress cannot change. The MGNREGA scheme belongs to the Central Government.
The District Social Welfare Officer (DSWO) in collaboration with the District Child Protection Unit, Jowai Unit, has organized a The International Day Against Drugs and Illicit Trafficking was celebrated with the participation of college students, school children and NGOs. Daimasi Ladthalaboh went to the District Library Auditorium in Jowai.
It is also not permissible to gather people in one place in one shop.
Passah said the bridge collapsed during the casting.
The festival is also aimed at attracting tourists to Garo Hills.
“We have gone to talk to the Engineer of MeECL Jowai and also to the Superintendent Engineer of MeECL, West Jaintia Hills to resolve this issue. Amlarem Sub Division has been cut off from electricity supply.
Understand their determination and the power we have.
Regarding the construction of wells due to non-compliance with the rules laid down by the Ministry of Home Affairs, the State Government has taken many other measures to build wells by other measures. it is the state government.
According to the Supreme Court, these people with disabilities should be employed from the age of 15 years and above but this has not been done. of SSA, Social Welfare.
The President of Ri Bhoi District, Bah Apbor Nongrum, together with the office bearers of the party, Bah JF Tmung and Bah Phrikson Trang, said that the road from Marngar to Umden village has been badly damaged. of the people.
The prize money for the winners will be T.1.5 lakh.
Speaking at the ceremony, the Minister of Urban Affairs, Ampareen Lyngdoh, President of MSHA, congratulated these athletes who have played physically and mentally to bring fame and glory to the state by winning the title. tamed form.
This Treaty was ratified and signed by the Governor General of India, Shri C Rajagopalachari, and the 20 Khasi States of the Federation of Khasi States on 17th August 1948, one year after the Independence of India. and it remaineth unto this day.
On the 23rd of this month, the police received information that the perpetrators were from the village and on the 24th of this month, the police took Bah Banlangphrang for further investigation. On the 19th of this month, they took Kong Ibamaian for further investigation.
On the same day, the NPP also confirmed the office bearers of the NPP Mairang Block from the Parent Body, Women's Wing and Youth Wing.
Other speakers included Bah Dengbok Kurkalang, Genl.
For those students who are doing their Masters and PhD at the College of Agriculture, Imphal, they also have to teach online.
And he preached more and more through the word of God.
On the other hand, the District Administration has allowed only on the 7th until 4 pm, today they have not allowed because the dorbar tlang has started.
Saiñborlang said that as of now, HANM in Mairang is still strong as usual and all the members are still within the party.
Saindur Private Ltd. has appointed Kong Nongbet as the spokesperson for the fight against the use of plastic bags. the competition.
Speech was delivered by Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Dorbar Chiefs, who proposed to cooperate to protect the rights of the people.
The Chairman said that the NHAI will not be able to complete the road by 31st October
Damanbha L Mawlot, 16, Ibadashisha Lyndoh, 24, and Daman Lyngdoh's son, 15 years old, have been recovered. Four persons including the body of Ladianghun have been recovered. L Mawlot 42 years old died yesterday.
The question is why the NHAI has left this collapsed area without repair for a year and this collapsed area is a place where the soil is not strong, because it is shyiap soil.
Police said they have not yet arrested the owners of the houses, but if there is a need to arrest them, they will arrest them.
: you mean–you don't have to pay to buy.
Shillong, Naitung 16: The Hills State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) has called an urgent meeting of the Central Executive Committee (CEC) of the party to be held on the 18th of this month to discuss the uranium issue. .
Also present on the occasion were the Secretary to the Livestock Department Dr C Manjunatha, doctors and farmers from all over Shillong, mostly from Upper Shillong and Mawlai.
The objective of the YUVA Tourism Club is to develop young tourism ambassadors in the country to understand the opportunities available in the tourism industry in the country, to praise our rich heritage and to increase the ambition for tourism activities.
These teachers are Aiborsing Syiemlieh, BA, Passing K Syiemiong, Class X, Shelmanroy Shangdiar and Shanboklin Nongsiej. Shylla said that this is against the appointment rules of the government under the RTE Act but why is the government blind to this.
However, he also thanked the TULBA UPPER SHILLONG UNIT under the leadership of the President and Secretary for being willing to join hands in cleaning up the river on this day.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: Answering a question by Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit regarding the Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Sniawbhalang Dhar, in charge of Factories Department, said that is under the government's scrutiny to close it down.
The website was launched on 25th June, 2023 by the Managing Editor of Batesi TV, Bah Joe Thangkhiew at a short meeting held at the office of Batesi TV in Lachumiere, Shillong.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The Hydropower Plant in Tura will be operational and will be inaugurated by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday. Chang Jae-Bok, Ambassador of South Korea to India, will also attend the ceremony.
Kharraswai said that within three hours of the complaint, the Executive Engineer of Mawsynram PWD Division has issued an order to repair the road. The bridge at Nonghkriah village on the road from Dangngar to Ryngku.
The Director of Health Services, Dr A War, said that out of the 33 cases, 14 cases were close contacts. Primary Contacts and 19 Secondary Contacts.
Shillong, March 13: There are 67 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 42 cases in West Khasi Hills and 8 cases in West Khasi Hills. The total number of confirmed cases has risen to
Albinus Lamurong (PDF) from 26-Sumer constituency, Anthony Sumer (Independent) from 28-Narpuh constituency, Zosiama Thianglai (UDP) from 27-Saipung constituency, Emlangki Lamare (UDP) from 28-Narpuh constituency, Dr .United Pool (UDP) of 29-Stone-Stocks.
The BJYM Meghalaya State Unit strongly condemns this action of the Minister of Punjab and this is an insult to the country as a whole. Former Prime Minister of India Atal Bihari Vajpayee passed away on Tuesday morning. do this shameful thing.
The Bhowal People's Federation (BPF) will hold its General Meeting on the 28th of this month at IB in Dangar. .
The suspension of these agreements has led to the continuous struggle of the nation from the conflict with the laws of India from one to another.
This is according to a statement from the office of the DC East Khasi Hills.
During the meeting, the Union Minister in charge of Road Construction in India promised to the MP of Tura, Conrad K Sangma that the Union Government will look into the matter. and he didn't have a job.
As more and more students have received training in these treatments, including the specialized Panchakarma Technician programme, we expect that Ayush treatment will become more popular, making it easier to access the benefits of don't be healthy.
Prof. Kharbamon has written many articles and books and is one of the founders of the English Language Teaching Association of India. Meghalaya Chapter.
At this meeting, the RBYWO urged and at the same time demanded that the results which have been pending for three years should be released soon. .
Referring to the Congress party, he said that it is a party that has paid brothers and sisters among themselves and this is not only in the state but also in the country as a whole. their leader and has no leader.
Shillong, Lber 21: The District Leprosy Society, Shillong, on Tuesday held an annual public awareness campaign at Don Busco Square, Laitumkhrah and Khyndailad.
He said that if the people speak their voice, it will be heard. He said that if they elect the NPP, they will elect the Garoland struggle.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: A vehicle (AS-01-JC-7919) was seized by the Traffic Police of Lumdiengjri District Council Point at 11.45 pm today. Shillong is located in Assam.
Therefore, it is necessary for all the citizens of the state to revive the environment by thinking again in the way they feel about the environment, that is, to revive it and strengthen it for the sake of the future of the country. said the statement.
He said that without taking this decision, the state government will have to spend up to T.15 crore per annum and to fill this, the government will have to find ways how to do this.
Regarding the reports that there is a ban on Assam vehicles from entering Meghalaya, it is not true, but they only ban them from carrying passengers from the parking lots. and as of now, the ban on these smugglers is only from Assam.
It is a great opportunity for the public to take out a loan from a different bank or a mortgage.
The arrest of the GNLA has led to many other investigations into the activities of the GNLA. (SP News).
Therefore, the KSU Lapangap Unit has urged the PWD department to start the work without delay so that the border residents can easily travel and transport.
Shillong, June 29: The Central Government has installed floating lights at night to prevent the spread of nar shiah on the border between Meghalaya and Bangladesh in Garo Hills. the smuggling of Bangladeshis.
From the SDRF, NDRF, fire brigade.
The child is currently undergoing treatment at the hospital.
If there are 40 members who support the motion, the Speaker of the House shall set a date to discuss the motion. members of the House of Representatives.
The SSA teachers express their gratitude to the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and especially to the officer Bah DP Wahlang and all the officers who have worked hard for the welfare of the SSA teachers in the state of Meghalaya.
The public is requested to visit the website of the Meghalaya Police or send a message to the email ID of the Meghalaya Police if they have any complaints.
The business of the politicians in power is how they are willing to allow these dewbilat factories to set up factories and mine in the forest areas of Khliehriat Sub-Division, which is against the the law of the Central Government and the order of the Supreme Court.
UGoC, DelhiU led the Prime Minister to the Red Fort to unfurl the flag of the country.
The sources said that the reason why these markets have not been able to operate is that there has been no action from the state government because to open these markets, it is necessary to talk to the traders from Bangladesh.
and 1).
He said that it is not the problem of the Khasi leaders if the Shongknor does not provide when the Central Government has already given the authority to do so.
Dr Mukul said what should be done will depend on the report of the inquiry, but before receiving the report to ensure that the inquiry will be independent or that the inquiry will not be interrupted, it is understood that “There will be an investigation against the police at various levels. Will the lower level policemen be willing to tell the truth?” he asked.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: A team from the Assam Youth Festival 2013 has returned to the State with the winner of the Best Food Stall Award. Three elders including Bah Wenstar Kharkamni, Bah Teibor Majaw and Bah Augustine Shadap from Ri-Bhoi District, where they prepared traditional Khasi dishes to showcase their skills. The Assam Youth Festival for North East 2013 has impressed all those who attended the Assam Youth Festival 2013, including the Judges and Officers. Those who came to witness the Festival to express their appreciation in all aspects from the cleanliness, the cooking and the taste of the various traditional foods prepared according to this era. now.
Superintendent of Police Rituraj Ravi said that Luikham committed suicide at 7:30 pm.
The State Government is in talks with the Central Government to provide roads to the areas through the Special Accelerated Road Development (SARDP) scheme.
However, if it doesn't have light, it can't do anything especially in this age of light. At night and it is difficult for the staff, nurses and doctors to treat the patients.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Garo Hills Students Union (GSU) leader said that the party will launch a poster campaign on the 17th of this month and on the 18th and 19th they will close their offices. GHADC and on the 23rd they will hold a public meeting in Tura.
He also condemned the rapid spread of drugs in many villages in areas where there are only Khasi brothers and it may be the act of someone who wants to involve the Khasi youth in this dangerous drink so that the youth Khasi are strong in all directions.
I would like to express my gratitude and full support to the police department especially in East Khasi Hills under the leadership of the current Superintendent of Police Claudia Lyngwa for their hard work to curb the smuggling of drugs into the state.
Shillong, Lber 17: The Cabinet meeting held today has approved the speech of the Governor of Meghalaya in the first session of the National Assembly. .
Shillong, Nailar 27: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today submitted a petition to the Prime Minister of India, Dr Manmohan Singh in Delhi. There is a need for special allocation from the Central Government which has reached T.1500 crore for special schemes.
Transparency is essential at various levels including access to information, responsibility and truth of individuals, groups and activities, and for proper participation in public debate, he said. .
This goal is the belief of the Prime Minister's slogan, “Padhe Bharat, Badhe Bharat”, and the theme for the month of June is Shikshit Bharat.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: The FKJGP today held a public meeting at Mawkhar with the support of other political parties like KSU, CSWO, SSSS, HNYF, RBYF and others. At this meeting, all the civil society organizations expressed their anger that the leaders have done something that should not have been done by the CBI. deprive the people of their rights by admitting people of their choice.
Shillong, Naitung 31: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has vowed to use force against the authorities and foreigners if the police do not arrest all those involved in the enforcement of the police. The KHADC, without forgiving even the journalists and passers-by, was bombed and tied on Tuesday last month near Bata Shoes, Iewduh, Shillong.
He said that the delay in the operation of the Center is due to the lack of instructors to provide services to the students who come to be trained at the Centre.
Shillong, March 15: The Union Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Mansukh L. Mandaviya today paid a visit to Meghalaya, along with a special visit to Ri Bhoi District, which has received recognized as an Aspirational District.
Shillong, Lber 13: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) today established a new office in Sohkymphor village.
The Leader of the AITC in the Legislative Assembly, Dr. Mukul Sangma, said that if the state governments can curb the protests in the state, he does not see the need to implement the AFSPA. and Meghalaya has shown the way, if the states can implement this Act there will be no work in any part of India.
To achieve all these, a comprehensive policy to accelerate progress and realize the opportunities available in these fields is essential.
In a letter sent to the National President of the NPP, the President of the PDF party wrote that the party has sent this letter to support the formation of a new government in Meghalaya.
Shillong, November 18: Six cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Ri Bhoi District and two cases in East Khasi Hills District. there are 118 of them.
On the other hand, the two teams who reached the final, expressed their surprise that the organizers did not come to the Umden Sports Club and Cultural Association Stadium to hold the final as scheduled.
The Government has taken action to protect the people.
Modi urged everyone to work hard for the achievement of Viksit Bharat@2
Police have arrested Shakeep Sheik from Maharashtra and registered a case under Section 279/337/338/427 of the Indian Penal Code (section 22(c)/29) of the NDPS. Act to investigate further into the seizure of these drugs.
In another question by Gabriel Wahlang on the Department of Culture and Heritage, Victor Ranee said that the KHADC has built a Heritage Village at Mawphlang and the houses have already been built. of the 11 Himas and the Himas have been asked to put up the symbols of the Hima.
The leaders of the union expressed their regret over the lack of law to punish drug traffickers where even those who are well versed in this field are quick to escape from jail.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM) today sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Matsiewdor War Nongbri to express its opposition to the Vivanta Taj. the employee is outside the state.
Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma wanted to know on what grounds the government stands on the Kulsi Dam as it falls in disputed areas. On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that once the government has received the DPR, the government will take the appropriate decision. and this is the KulsiDam Project.
On the other hand, the Syiem of Riad Nongtung, Bah M Shadap, while talking to SP News Agency, said that he is in the dark as to why the Assam government has targeted only Sabuda. to demolish this school building when there are other school buildings.
Eldie said the FKJGP will take up the issue with the North East Indigenous Peoples Forum (NEIPF) to discuss and take the necessary decision to protect the illegal immigrants from the hands of the law enforcement agencies.
When asked whether there are any Congress MDCs who are ready to join other parties, Pala said the selection process will be the same for the MP and MDC elections. “I don't know anything about that because the MDC from Mairang didn't attend the meeting (which was held recently).
NDPS Act.
Prof (Dr) S.Vijay Singh, HoD, Dentistry Department, explained the importance of cleaning the teeth and mouth.
The youths who wrote this testimony and requests that the District should be clean in the conduct of any work and that there should be no corruption especially in the recruitment of jobs.
"“We strongly condemn this incident.
The UDP was led by Dr Donkupar Roy President and the GNC was led by KD Sangma President of the GNC. Other leaders who attended the meeting included Bindo MM Lanong, BM Lanong, Allantry Franklin Dkhar, Augustine Marak, Winnieson MDC, LC Momin and Utpal Arengh. and other political party leaders.
The MCC has been in operation since 16 October 2024 and will remain in operation until the counting of votes on 4 July
At the Cabinet meeting, the Planning Department brought up the issue of the Chief Minister's Task Force on Economy for the Post COVID-1
Raj Bhavan near Ward's Lake, Tara Ghar near Ward's Lake, Pinewood Hotel near Ward's Lake, Lyndhurst Estate near New Colony, Chanchal Raj Bungalow near Ribong, Beauchamp House Bivar Road, Beauchamp Cottage Bivar Road.
Many countries want to work with each other and with India to have digital skills that are ready for the future and able to face the challenges of the future, Rajeev said. Moonshaker.
At the time of writing, no reports have been received of any tragic incident during the curfew hours.
Balajied Warjri of Manai was awarded the Best Player award while Micky Berth Warjri of Upper Shillong was awarded the Best Player Award.
Referring to the NGT ban on coal mining in the state, the Minister said that the government has taken measures to lift the ban on coal mining in the state. “If there is a need to bring back the decision of the House, it has to be done,” he said.
Therefore, it is a non-functional island worthless before the law, and he signed it without authority only to extract public funds.
The union is also surprised at the delay in completing and implementing the 100 bed hospital even after 8 years of laying the foundation stone.
The highest turnout in the state was in 1998 when it reached 74.03% This is due to the fact that the MP and MLA elections were held together, taking only the MP elections. this is now the highest number of voters.
Other areas affected by the curfew are all those areas under Mawlai Block and Census Town, Mawpat Block under Census Town. Other areas will be all the areas under Mylliem Block, from Umshyrpi Bridge to Hynniewmer, Madanriting, Mawblei, Laitkor, Nongkseh, Umlyngka, Lawsohtun, Mawdiangdiang, Diengiong and Siejiong.
This was announced by the Publicity Secretary of KSU Nangbah Unit.
Of these, 1,491,832 are males and 1,475,057 are females.
He said that at the time of the incident, the SDRF personnel were cleaning their area.
Ranee said that he has a strong suspicion that many of these parmaws are run by foreigners and not by the land owners who are the villagers. HK Thabah also visited the parks in the Killing area.
And I feel that the Prime Minister has encouraged us all to do that.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: U Bah Kyntiewborlang Syiemlieh, BJP candidate for Nongspung-Sohiong MDC Constituency, after filing his nomination papers with Mamiry Nongkhlaw of the same party, told reporters that He said that Meghalaya has been declared a Christian state.
Therefore, we want to maintain peace first.
Films should have a variety of cultures and it is through the production of films that showcases to the world the existence of tourist attractions and it is through this that the industry can be promoted. tourist.
The total population of these villages is 16720 people.
According to information received, members of the union have gone to the offices to expel government employees from their workplaces, such as from Mairang and Nongstoin. the door was locked.
The AMPT bridge on the Bondumali River connecting Titkrikilla in West Garo Hills is the worst affected road in Rajabala, Raksamgre and Phulbari. .
He said that with the rise of India in the world and the rise of the country's power, the Indian Police Force should have a transformation into a modern police force in order to achieve the goal of having India will grow by
The Minister together with the members of the union who visited the Khliehriat Civil Hospital also met with the staff of the hospital including doctors and the District Medical and Health Officer of East Jaintia Hills District.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Tuesday rejected the call for talks by the NPP-led Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government on the Reservation Roster System.
The meeting was conducted by MEPA Treasurer Banda Blah. Speakers on the occasion were John W Thabah General Secretary, Monarch Shabong President, Rajiv Choudhury Vice President and Patricia Mukhn. adviser.
Superintendent of Police Dhubri Mridulananda Sharma said a case has been registered and the investigation is ongoing.
Those present on the occasion were the Chief Guest Dr Balajied Sing Syiem, Chief Guest of Khyrim Hima, Chief Guest Manik Syiemlieh, Chief of Nongkhlaw Hima, Bah Harlinjai Skhemlon, Sirdar of Mawdon Hima; and Secretary, the Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, the Dorbar of Chiefs of Hynniewtrep and the Federation of Khasi States and many Rangbah Shnongs who came to witness the event.
This is according to a statement issued by Bah MH Dkhar, Ad.
On 16th July 2015, a meeting was held between the Hima Lyngdoh Sohiong and the Hima Jirang and it was decided to hand over the district to the Hima Jirang. The Council has approved the Nongwah Mawtamur Branch to the Jirang Hima.
The meeting was fruitful which lasted for nearly three hours and discussed the following issues:- The need for the JHADC authorities to introduce the Acts and Rules of the There are 20 districts (19 Dolloi and 1 Sirdarship) in Jaintia Hills District.
Jowai, Lber 24: The Jaintia Students Movement (JSU) has launched a campaign to track down a murderer, led by the Officer of Ladrymbai Police Outpost, Ma Wanris Rymbai. Manner Magistrate, Dr. Passah and Dr. Kyndiat together with the leaders of the Jaintia Student Movement under the leadership of General Secretary Samla Leningstar Rymbai and Education Secretary Samla Roitre Dkhar, along with their family members, attended the ceremony. The body of (L) Daphishisha Kharsati from Mawryngkneng Pomlahier village, who was killed by Kheinlang Dkhar and buried in a side cutting hole at Jalyiah Umthoni village, has been recovered.
The meeting was attended by Tapir Gao, Kiren Rijiju, all the state presidents of the region and Guwahati MP Bijoya Chakraborty who is also the vice president of the BJP in the party. .
Among the many deceased, the Prime Minister spoke specially for former Prime Minister of India Atal Behri Vahpayee. Former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister M Karunanidhi, former Governor MM Jacob and other leaders.
Recently, the Mitalee Express from New Jalpaiguri to Dhaka via Haldibari-Chilahati has resumed operations from July 1,
The competition will be for short stories that have a warning about human beings. In this competition, no one will be allowed to write any story that does not exist and belongs to others.
On this day, not only was there this meeting but there were also many other games and drawing competitions.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: U Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA of 19-Shillong South today inaugurated the newly painted road at Madan Laban which has been left without any work by the PWD for 24 years. .
The Modi government has urged the people of the North East to be vigilant as the government has taken action against them. He urged the people to pray for whatever man cannot give, God will listen to the cries of the people.
Shillong, July 17: U Gourav Gogoi MP from Assam, who is the Chairman of the Congress, has been appointed as the Chairman of the party for the election of the party's candidates for the MLA elections to the Legislative Assembly. He came to meet the party candidates at Congress Bhavan Shillong.
KSU Lawsohtun has opened a school named after Babu Soso Tham in honor of this great man. The celebration was also held at Sohra in the presence of his family members. no shame.
The meeting was also attended by the Chief Officers of NSSO (FOD), RO Shillong.
The Minister of State for Development of North Eastern Region (I/C), Prime Ministers Office, Personnel, Public Grievances & Pensions, Atomic Energy and Space, Dr.Jitendra Singh addressing a webinar on Act East Policy, organized by the ICRIER, in Guwahati on March 20, 2021.
Shillong, November 20: U Shillong Lajong FC, who has been in the Club's Colours, has returned to Shillong Lajong FC today. The club will play in the 2016-2017 I-League.
In your speech as a chief; Giri, who is also a science teacher, explained many of the concepts related to the word 'Environment'
Shillong, July 14: U Bah Gasper Jones Hynniewta, driving a tourist vehicle from Shillong to Guwahati on Tuesday night, handed over two girls to the Mawlai Police Station after they refused to get off the bus. The vehicle even though all the occupants of the vehicle have already disembarked.
and people can call or inform on these Mob numbers.
Shillong, Lber 19: The National Cricket Academy (NCA) of the BCCI has selected three cricketers from the Meghalaya Cricket Association (NCA) to be trained as senior cricketers in the North East to be held at the Bengal Circle Academy in Kaylaine.
Regarding the Chief Minister's Social Assistance Scheme, the Minister in charge of Social Assistance, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, said that the funds will be increased by T.250 per month from 2022.
This problem of the residents is not new but from time to time it has been reported to the relevant authorities but no change has been seen.
During the raid, the BSF troops stopped the vehicle and seized the cows.
Speaking to SP News Agency by phone from Delhi, he said that they could not meet the AICC President because she is in critical condition, but they met with the Vice President of the AICC. and they were all four.
The President stressed that it is the duty of the university to train the youth to become employable in the field of education and to stand on their own feet. I'm going to work.
The total number of vehicles damaged in these days has reached eight and these include government and private vehicles.
To reach out to the remote communities, MyGov portals have been launched for Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur and Tripura.
The most important part of the meeting was the establishment of the Mawthadraishan Block Muster Roll Workers Union. and others likewise.
At this public meeting, Conrad said that as their MP, he has spoken in the Legislative Assembly of India on the needs of the people of Garo Hills, the state and the North East. I'm from India.
Under this mission, the goal has now shifted to providing drinking water to every household instead of providing only material goods.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: Ka Minimon Laloo, one of the writers of Meghalaya, has received the Mother Teresa Award at the 19th AIPC National Convention 2019 held in Tezpur.
The establishment of Minor Schools in Ri Khasi began in the middle of the 19th century and has remained in this position for many years because of the lack of interest from the school founders in those countries. time to promote to High School.
The Chairperson of the Border Committee, MCS and the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Bah PS Dkhar, IAS were met to inquire about the matter.
The office is looking into how to provide relief to the people affected by the floods.
Jowai, July 22: The JSU Jowai Circle together with the JYF Jowai Circle have closed down banks and company offices open on the commemoration day of Thomas Jones, the father of the Khasi alphabet.
With this in mind, any government department that does not have the funds has received the funds that are available for special purposes.
Regarding the EMRS schools allocated for Meghalaya, he said that he will have to get information and if there is any problem he will talk to the state government to ensure that these schools in this state. He said that the two projects that have started so far have not been completed.
All the civil society organizations who attended the rally carried their respective flags of their respective organizations along with the people who attended the rally to protest against this. The MSPCB has approved the request to take over the land of Star Cement Company Private Limited.
Pyniaid Sing Syiem of the NPP, who was present at the meeting, said that it is true that the leadership of the KHADC belongs to the UDP and The NPP has respected this decision.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, SC Sadhu today announced that there will be four days of curfew from 25, 26, polling day 27/2/2023 and The new voting day is 2/3/2
Gilbert Manih, ABI, Samuel Wanniang Sainsyiem, UBSI, Everbloom Khyriem, UBSI, Ronald Liefsnaize Nongrum, UBSI, Manish Kumar Chettri, UBC, Pynkhraw Kharshiing, ABC. Euphraisa Majaw, UDA, Police Headquarters, Shillong, Shillong, has been awarded the Governor's Police Medal the Meghalaya Day Excellence Award 2020.
We should go our own way," he said.
The Prime Minister explained that the purpose of the Bill is to set a time limit for the people to apply for any job within the time limit. .
Shillong, March 24: Unidentified persons have abducted Ram Kumar, manager of a parmaw at Pilingkata, Byrnihat Police Station, at around 8 pm today. in Ri Bhoi District.
In the evening, the Khon Raij will bring the Khnong Blai to Poh Sawiar where the Dalloi together with the elders of the Nikhla Kur will perform the nguh ka dem there and after that all the villages will take their Deiñkhlam from there. Iawmusiang to their respective villages to raise them.
Another project is to improve the remaining 14 km Shillong Diengpasoh road which has been upgraded to two lane and the total length of this road is 21.20 km and the distance on this road will be T .55 crore and this road connects NEIGRIHMS, NEIAH, NIFT and the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya.
The Dorbar Kur Warjri this year will be held at Sohryngkham on the 11th November, 2022 to honor the youngsters of the Kur who have passed clearly in their studies.
On this occasion, u Bah Metbah laid wreaths at the monument to commemorate his contribution especially to the Khasi alphabet and to serve the community in many ways. a statue of Thomas Jones on the ground floor of the office of the Thomas Jones School of Mission.
Mission Football Grassroots" in Babelapara and Purakhasia in South West Garo Hills.
Many school children took part in the march and carried placards to express the need for protection of the environment.
Looking at the contributions, initiatives and challenges of workers and youth, this discussion will provide insight into how these can shape the Indian economy.
The letter of support from the MLAs is necessary as they have to submit their signatures in the letter to be submitted to the Governor. Many of them are still in their constituencies and today they will arrive in Shillong.
Shillong, Nailur 06: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya today at the inauguration ceremony of the College Presbyterian Science College in Mairang said that the ILP is not the only way to protect against the influx of foreigners but it is strong activities that can be prevented.
Police on Tuesday appeared before the District and Session Judge of East Khasi Hills District after he was arrested from Pohkseh, Shillong. Police to remand in Police Custody for further investigation.
During the meeting, the Union Minister promised to release the remaining T.109 crore for the year 2012-1
The increase in the number of people subscribing to digital services together with the ability to provide information through technology through digital advertising opens up the possibility of providing information to people in the intended manner and this will lead to increased spending. money in people-oriented campaigns.
Tura, Naitung 26: Meghalaya Police Commando Abhijit Mazumdar has been injured in a shooting incident at 7mile where armed men tried to kidnap another policeman.
Bah Rnga alleged that all this is caused by the Syiem of Mawsynram Hima who has misled the people.
He said that government jobs have now collapsed and there is still room for other non-government jobs.
Jowai, July 07: The District Election Officer of West Jaintia Hills District (WJHD) on Saturday convened a meeting with all political parties in the district to discuss the election. you are now in this state.
On the other hand, the Chairman and members visited the office of the Expert Committee at the Assistant Commissioner of Food and Safety, Lachumiere, Shillong.
The posts held by the Ministers at the cabinet meeting today are: Cabinet Affairs, Finance, Personal and AR, Planning, Home (Political) Department;
With the support of the state and the central government, we will stand together and not allow evil to come to our state,” said Bah Sanbor Shullai.
At the same time, the GSU, FAF, FKJGP, ADE and AYWO have sent a petition to the Minister of Schools in Meghalaya, Deborah C. Marak. They demanded the immediate dismissal of these two teachers who have been accused of rape.
Police said the arrest of the HNYF leader was based on the circulation of an audio recording on social media of a conversation between Bah Bless Dkhar and a person who confirmed the collection of money by the HNYF leader. from the trucks to help release them from the Damsite Bridge.
He gave an example that in Manipur, when the village passed the Protection of Manipur Bill, 2015, it exempted the villagers, while in the Meghalaya Safety and Security Act and Rule, the villagers have also become entrants. the state.
There have been 58 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 35 from West Jaintia Hills and 11 from West Jaintia Hills. .
Therefore, if we take it as a whole, we can say that whether it is wood, coal, rnga or even alcohol, petrol, diesel, gasoline are the minerals that come from the ground, so it is appropriate. to serve more salonsar and carry a broad mind.
The launch of the Kamakhya-Lokmanya Tilak Express to Agartala (Tripura) through video conferencing today.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: The Border Security Force (BSF) today arrested several Bangladeshis while they were trying to enter India from Gangaria area of ​​East Jaintia Hills District.
The NPP-led MDA government has decided to extend the tenure of the MDCs on the Executive Committee in the NPP-led GHADC. so that they can receive their salaries in a few months before they are defeated and lose their salaries.
To work in this field is a dedication and a spirit of service to others.
Since the order was issued by the Hon'ble High Court, it has been six months since the PIL was filed, but the KHADC has remained silent.
The Ministry of Home Affairs has asked the government to fill up the shortage.
In a letter to the CEM of KHADC, the two men have alleged that Bashemphang Thabah, Lyngdoh Hima Sohiong has committed acts against the children of the Hima Sohiong under the provisions of Section 6 of the United Khasi Jaintia Hills Autonomous District (Appointment and Succession of Chiefs and Headmen) Acts, 1959 (as amended).
In his speech, Bah Dimarsing said that KHNAM is an organization that he has been watching closely and has seen that despite many challenges and difficulties, it still has the spirit of struggle to reshape the society. the community.
Those who attended and spoke on the occasion were the leaders of the KSU, FKJGP, HNYF, KWADA, SSSS, KSU-NEHU, JSU, Convenor SOMALA, YDO, Nongwar, TUR, Rangbah Shnong Mawkhar, Sirdar Mawdon Hima, Joint Secretary Nongspung Hima and others.
At this meeting, he announced that the KHADC will build a Resource Recovery Center (RRC) in Smit and requested the Dorbar Shnong or Hima Khyrim to find the land for the construction of the RRC. That this will not be less than T.50 lakh tyngka, this will not only be a place to collect synrum but will also be a source of employment for the people.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: Police have received many complaints from the public where people, especially from Assam, have offered gold at a higher price than the market price. that the gold was taken out of the ground at the time of the building of the house.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: Six days after the video of the assault on the Officer Incharge of Muktapur Veterinary Dispensary, Dr. Seiboklang Buam by the BSF troops on Tuesday, the police of Muktapur Veterinary Dispensary, Dr. The War Jaintia Students Union Amlarem and Eastern Circle has expressed its deep sorrow over the attack on the residents of the border areas.
However, it is gratifying that the spirit of cooperation of the neighbors and the village authorities, has enabled them to rescue the victims from the earthquake.
It is to be recalled that in the CUET examination which was held in the State, there were many shortcomings and as a result of the problems faced by the students due to the lack of the State's own University. The State Government has written to the Central Government to exempt the State from the CUET 2024 examination.
At the time of writing, the cause of the sudden fire of the transformer is still unknown.
Shillong, July 28: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) today visited the residence of Prof Badaplin War to honor the recipient of the Padma Shree from the Government of India.
Shillong, Naitung 26: The residents of Mawsikar village have blocked the road for about 60 or 70 bikes and two Bolero vehicles coming from Assam who tried to enter the village by Kabir.
Members include Dr. Randeep Guleria, former Director, AIIMS Delhi, Prof. BJ Rao, Vice Chancellor, Central University of Hyderabad, Prof. Ramamurthy K, retired Professor. Civil Engineering, IIT Madras, Pankaj Bansal, Founder of People Strong and Board Member – Karmayogi Bharat, Prof. Aditya Mittal, Dean Student Affairs, IIT Delhi and Govind Jaiswal, Joint Secretary, Department of Education Member Secretary to the Government of India.
Kong Chiarmon Dkhar, a mother who is selfless and kind, in her own right, today, as she announced in the media in the past few days, has continued to raise her children. you have no mercy on me.
On the other hand, Modi stressed the need to bring about peace free from insurgents sent from across the border.
When we arrived back in Ri Bhoi District, the Hima Mylliem did not agree with this arrangement. It was clear that the Hima Mylliem would lose some of the most important parts of the Raid Marwet, including the raid area. Marwet, Khanapara, Maikuli and surrounding areas should fall under Assam.
JSU President Lawyerson War said that the JSU will take action to follow up on the issue of the JHADC employees as the JSU is not happy to hear that the people of the state who work in any field They have difficulty in getting salaries or food items to feed their families due to the curfew.
Dr. Narendra Druv Batra, President, Indian Olympic Association, congratulated and praised the MSOA and the Government of Meghalaya for holding such a meeting. to hold more such meetings and discussions as a means of expanding ideas on how to achieve the goal.
The HYC said that the NEHU authorities should have conducted physical classes at least 40 days before the examinations so that the students can get explanations for the more important subjects.
Bah Lapang said that in the implementation of the withdrawal of old T.500 and T.1000 notes, many people have lost their lives just because they have to stand in line. Last year's Christmas celebration has affected the people and now the Christmas celebration has come forward and this will affect the people.
At this meeting, the Chief Minister said that the land rights in the state belong to the people and there will be no such benefit and when it is done, we will face many problems besides the land owners. , will meet with MeECL, health department, PWD, PHE, and from this he will say that there is a need for consultation.
Answering a question by Bah SK Sunn regarding the incinerator to burn the waste from hospitals, the Minister said that there is an incinerator inside the Civil Hospital Shillong.
Out of the 70 seriously injured, 37 have been injured and the state government is in talks with the railway authorities to find out whether there are any people from Meghalaya. The injured were taken to AIIMS in Patna.
The visit began with a visit to the Health and Wellness Center at Umsaw Nongkharai, where the Union Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare talked to the ASHA workers and those who have smart cards to collect information on the benefits they receive in times of need through the Smart card.
Shillong, July 03: U MS Rao IAS, today sworn in as the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya.
Many BSF personnel have sacrificed their lives to defend the country. Only 9 BSF personnel have surrendered their lives to fight against the Pakistani army. The Pakistani troops were shocked.
Shillong, July 27: The State Government has pledged its full support to 76-year-old Kong Kmoin Wahlang, who will represent India in the Pan Pacific Master Games, to be located on the Gold Coast, Australia.
Shillong, November 10: The Deputy Speaker of the National People's Party (NPP) Timothy D Shira on Tuesday said that a meeting of the AITC party has been held in North Garo Hills to register 11 MDCs. to the AITC party, but the attendance at this meeting was not large.
Also present on the occasion were Dr DD Lapang, Advisor to the Chief Minister, former HSPDP leaders, party leaders and volunteers who took part in the protest. I had my own state at that time.
Khliehriat, Naitung 1 : After receiving a tip that a Santro vehicle was coming from Umkiang to Khliehriat carrying drugs.
said the young man.
Regarding the statement of the MP from Tura, the Union Home Minister expressed his surprise that there is no such incident. The meeting also discussed the issue of church organizations regarding the FCRA. On the other hand, the Minister of Home Affairs told the MP of Regarding the FCRA, the Home Ministry has dismissed some officers who have delayed and caused problems in the work, the central government will do so soon. to solve problems.
On the part of us as the two Dorbar Shnongs who have been involved from the beginning in the search for land and also allocated land to the government for the construction of this office of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, We express our strong opposition to this action of the government and on our part we the two Dorbar Shnongs have decided to follow up on this action of the government and also to stand up as the two Dorbars. The village urges the government to restore the name of the PHC as Wapung-Pamra Primary Health Centre, as it has been in the past. This is according to a statement sent by Mr Satly Ryngkhlem and Glitter Rymbai, Waheh Shnongs of the Dorbar. Wapunskur and Wapunskur Villages.
So far, 7100 people have returned to the state so far.
Shillong, Nailur 13: The Ministry of Social Welfare today held a meeting at the Main Secretariat to discuss how to improve the distribution of food to children in the state through the scheme of the central government. known as the “National Poshan Maah”.
Law enforcement agencies must uphold the law, protect human rights and be the guardians of citizens' rights," he said.
This decision was taken after many incidents in which drivers of tourist taxis have been killed such as the recent incident in which Bah Sameul Mawlong lost his taxi. of life.
He said the BJP has not given any approval to the protests and the party has not allowed the members of the Mahila Morcha to take part in the protests.
He said that the KHADC office in Mawkyrwat will soon be opened.
With the aim of reducing the impact of Sickle Cell Disease on individuals and families, this mission provides its full support in collaboration with the entire Government and the entire community.
“Every day hundreds of people from all over the country flock into Ri Khasi from all over the country, so it is necessary to expedite the construction of the gate to check the mynder,” he added.
Bernard was arrested on charges of extortion from shops in Tura which has led to the increase in the price of beverages in Tura.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Laskein CHC said that the preparations are in progress and the medicines and medicines to treat covid 19 are not severe and the oxygen concentrators are still available. protect that you don't have a cat.
Dr Ao said the BJP workers have been directed to go to the villages to explain to the public the need to have Aadhaar to get the benefits allocated by the central government. of them through various schemes.
The project will be completed in November 2021.
Dajied said that since the suspects kidnapped him, they have tied his hands and tortured him by shooting every day especially at night.
The Prime Minister said that the Rozgar Melas held in various states and Union Territories are a sign of the government's commitment to the future of the youth where the work is going on in a mission mode. .
Thamar said that according to the complaint, Batskhem Pala had met the driver of the truck on the 15th at Star Cement while he was unloading dewoing. give him a job and because he has mercifully complained the driver allows him to work as an escort.
He thanked the Government and people of Japan for organizing the tournament successfully.
This is to allow the people of these two villages to elect their leader.
The DC's office will send officers around the area to check the availability of beverages to ensure that there will be no fraud in the price of beverages. wall.
The Minister of State for Shipping, Chemicals and Fertilizers, the Principal Secretary, the Cabinet Secretary, the Secretaries of Health, Textiles, Department of Pharmaceuticals, Union Government.
The Minister of State for Shipping, Chemicals and Fertilizers, the Principal Secretary, the Cabinet Secretary, the Secretaries of Health, Textiles, Department of Pharmaceuticals, Union Government.
In preparation for the election, the MPCC's summit meeting was held today in the presence of party leaders from the prime minister to party workers in the constituencies.
He said that within the synjuk there will be many committees to shape the nation because there are many intellectuals, who are not accepted to join hands on how to fight for the income generation of the people. The people, because poverty has caused the people to do what is unacceptable in society.
The Government of India has directed a special team of NTCA officers to work with those working in the Kuno National Park.
The ruling NPP party has not yet said whether there will be a cabinet reshuffle from its five-member cabinet including Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: The KSU Nongthliew Unit, West, said that the Jaitbynriew is not in the middle of the struggle but in the middle of the struggle. Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: U Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem MDC of Sohryngkham today was elected as the 27th Speaker of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Legislative Assembly without any opposition.
Dr Celestine alleged that more than 100,000 people have taken Reliance connection and the money has been lost, but the BJP government is still working with such a company. Shillong, Lber 24: The Central Election Committee of the BJP today announced the nomination of Rikman G Momin as the MP candidate from the 2-Tura constituency. Parliamentary Constituency.
The KHNAM has expressed its gratitude to the MLA of Mookaïaw Constituency, Bah Nujor Sungoh for raising the issue in the Synrai Dorbar of the Legislative Assembly to abolish the Personal Interview in Government jobs. “Ka Seng in the past years has submitted clear and legal writings to the Chief Minister to demand the abolition of Personal Interview from Grade B, C and D of Government Jobs and we have also explained that even the Government of India and 23 States and 8 Union Territories in India have already abolished the Personal Interview, but until now the Government has remained silent, “KHNAM Working President Thomas Passah said in a statement sent to the media.
Shibun Lyngdoh President of the BJP and Bah David Kharsati Vice President of the BJP were also present at the meeting. you are in Bangalore.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Dr Mawthoh said that his nomination will be filed tomorrow morning at 2 pm. MLAs and party supporters will be present tomorrow.
The opening of these facilities is an important part of the Government's efforts to strengthen the cooperation of the New Villages in the development of tourism.
Ardent said the Lokayukta has been set up to investigate corruption and punish those who commit corruption. against the wrongdoing on the basis that they have written.
Ka Lokpriya Gopinath Bordoloi Regional Institute of Mental Health Tezpur, North Eastern Space Application Centre, Shillong,  Bhubaneswar Borooah Cancer Institute, Regional Dental College, Guwahati, Regional Nursing College, Guwahati, Regional Institute of Pharmaceutical Science and Bamboo Cane and  Technology, Agartala and  Technology Technology Center at Guwahati.
In order to release bail to those who are still in custody, the Union will follow the procedures of the law and will also follow the rules of procedure of Oil Management,” said the Union in a complaint to the Commissioner and Secretary. .
The CSWO demands that the police and government officials should not commit corruption. (SP News) .
Shillong, Naitung 04: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the Cabinet meeting has decided to increase the salary of Adhoc Schools in the State. effective from 1November 2022.
In this regard, the Chief Minister said that the government wants to complete these works which have gone ahead and there will be problems here and there. read at the right time.
Shillong, November 01: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, AT Mondal in his speech on the occasion of HIV and AIDS Day, said that the biggest problem is that people do not accept those who have this disease in the community.
Nailar 30: The Minister in charge of SAD, Demora Marak today awarded the award to all the government employees at the Secretariat who arrived on time for the year 2015-2 there are 38 of them.
Initially, police took three suspects for further investigation and later today they took three suspects from Teporpara, South Salmara. , Mankachar district of Assam who live near the scene of the incident.
He said the duty of the Delimitation Committee is only to equalize the number of voters in 29 constituencies but not to divide the constituencies.
The 66 days journey will pass through 15 states, starting from Manipur, Nagaland, Assam, Arunachal Pradesh and Meghalaya and ending at Nongpoh in Ri Bhoi District on 22/1/2
Speaking to SP News Agency, one of the NCC leaders said that the NCC has provided training at St. Anthony's High School, Pynursla, Seng Khasi High School Langkyrdem and Border College Mawsynram. I don't have a teacher.
Also present were the officials of KSU Mawlai Circle, Mawiong Umjapung Unit, Mawiong Umjapung Village Leader and the owners of both the households.
This government will take action to ensure that the ban on coal mining will be exempted only in accordance with the rules.
However, the government has not been able to replace the post even after the invitation to apply for the vacant post. The school does not have a Chemistry Teacher and it causes a lot of problems to the students of this school.
To date, more than 36.86 crore LED bulbs have been distributed under the scheme.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: Meghalaya Police today raided Asanang area in West Garo Hills and arrested three suspects. The arrested suspects were identified as Amol D Sangma (23), Chouky R Marak (13), Jaseng R Marak (24), Smajin Momin (24). and Smikeng M Branch (15).
On this occasion, the certificate of implementation of the road worth T.5.86 crore for the construction of the two new roads was also handed over. honor the owner of the land.
Regarding the bike number AS-01FU-9482, Assam Police rushed to Jowai Police Station and took it away after showing proper documents.
Those who fail to bring in these funds are punished under the Black Money Act.
Regarding the complaint received by the Deputy Commissioner's office, an inquiry was sent and the Rangbah Shnong refused and instead of telling the facts, he asked who received the complaint.
In his speech, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, said that it is important for mothers to go for treatment at government health centers so that the mother and her unborn child can be healthy and strong. The strength of the mother and child helps to reduce the mortality of mothers in pigs in infancy.
To cheer up the students of this school, the Chief Minister distributed food items to the students in the classrooms where he went to meet the students in the presence of the MLA of This is the bag of Mr. Macmillan Byrne.
The rice will be distributed at the price of three tyngka for the residents for five kilos per month.
These cows were smuggled to Bangladesh through the border of East Jaintia Hills.
Toi said that on learning of the incident, they went to the house to condole and the commission has provided assistance. the incident and how much it affected the family.
He stressed on the leadership in science and technology during the 21st century and said India has become the youngest talent factory in the world.
This decision will put many of them in trouble.
Speaking to reporters, HNYF leader Sadon Blah and KSU president Lambokstarwell Marngar said that if the government delays, the 13 organizations will not be able to take action.
In support of the Central Government's commitment to eradicate Sickle Cell, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said the Government is “working in various areas such as advice, screening of all, early detection, and provision of quality care.
Union Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bharatsinh Solanki, who is in charge of the Water Supply Department, said that the government has provided this assistance to provide clean drinking water to the villagers. they morning.
Pala said the party will not have any alliance with other political parties as the party will nominate candidates from all 60 constituencies. make a decision in the next few days.
The CPC will conduct a two-day cleanliness drive at Polo on the 14th and 15th of this month and on the 20th and 21st after the cleanliness drive.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the government has paid the price of T.2000/-. - shibnai from the state government.
He said that besides the country's first sports school, the North East has many facilities such as a multipurpose hall, a football ground and an athletics track.
The screening of people at the entry and exit points should be in accordance with the guidelines laid down by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, said the Secretary, Political Department.
It is learned that many of these youths are those who have dropped out of school and many of them come from poor families. she found that young people are addicted because there are sellers of these alcoholic beverages.
On the other hand, the Chief Secretary said that those who can return by themselves must inform the Nodal Officers appointed by the government and must comply with the rules and regulations. by the government without exception.
Speaking at the meeting, Samla Daniel Khyriem said that the KSU does not leave its fellow citizens outside the Bri U Hynniewtrep.
Shah said if the region can support itself in organic products, dairy, fish farming and poultry production, 13 lakh people can earn income from these. the four works.
Sohan said the government will release their chairman first and the party will take a decision on the peace talks.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said that Jesus Christ worked and gathered to create a society that is equal, equal and gives equal rights to all.
Retnamma has lodged a complaint with the Meghalaya Police and the police after receiving the complaint have conducted an investigation to find out the truth. it is with this tragic incident.
The training to be provided to the youth should be based on the needs of the factories in the country which is known as the National Skill Qualification Framework.
On the closing ceremony of the tournament, the Syiem of Nongspung Hima, Paiem Patrick Syiemiong, was the chief guest. club on its ability to promote sports in the area by organizing such tournaments and urged the athletes to avoid any habits that could destroy their sports skills.
The work to dig a dam to protect Balat village from the flooding of the Umngi River has cost T.12 crore.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, SC Sadhu, on Tuesday directed the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, SC Sadhu, to convene a meeting of the Shillong Cantonment Board. Police Department and other departments for a discussion regarding the emergence of a slum at Lum Surve, outside Them Iewmawlong.
The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) has criticized the NPP-led MDA government for not allowing Rahul Gandhi to address students at the University of Science and Technology (USTM). , Meghalaya on Tuesday.
So far, only Dr Azad Zaman MLA of Rajabala has visited the site and tomorrow the visit will be from the Congress party.
All those present are requested to stand together and sing the National Anthem.
The AMSPA also said that those children who have come forward in the competition without mentioning their names are the path that will pave the way for others who will continue to compete in the coming years without fear. or for the sake of righteousness and truth through perseverance and hard work.
Guwahati, Naitung 28: Four persons were injured in a bomb blast in Paltan Bazar near Gitanjali Hotel in Guwahati at 7.45 pm today.
Regarding the remaining works, it was suggested that the government should continue the work so that such works can be completed to achieve the objectives of those works. make them.
The Best Film award went to Son of the Soil for Akashnya Bhawati, while the Best Director award went to Sankirang Khongwir for Ka Pateng. Pynkmen Lyngdoh Mawnai won the Best Actor award for his role in 'Ka Pateng bad Jyllop', Millo Sunka won the Best Actor award for his role in 'Noctural Burger' El Dhar won the Best Cinematography for Pateng, Sukanya Bhawal won the Best Sound Design for Ek Divas and Best Editor won the Best Editor award. Reema Maya and Rohan Kapoor in the film Noctural Burger.
““Since 1999 when the disease spread to Mawsynram, we have had discussions with the DHS in Shillong and agreed to allow the doctors who come to work at this CHC to set up a clinic. “It is since this year that the Dorbar Shnong Mawsynram has seen that the presence of the Clinic is a blessing to the people who have allowed any doctor to come and serve at the CHC Mawsynram. to set up a clinic.
Articles 12 and 29(1) of the Constitution of India empower the Khasi people to preserve their customs and traditions. and that it will continue to grow.
Those who attended the ceremony were Sengchang N Sangma, Babujan K Sangma, Akbar G Momin and Grikseng Ch Marak.
In his opening remarks, Justice Mahesh said that the state governments have an important role to play in protecting the rights of individuals and will provide protection to express the feelings of the person to speak. .
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The Meghalaya State Kickboxing Association (MSKA) on Saturday held a welcome program at the Assembly Hotel, Khyndai Lad.
It is necessary to accept apprenticeships in the teaching profession and to establish opportunities from teaching to higher education.
Process said that although Dr Mukul Sangma has that feeling, he should not have left the party because there are 17 members, but 12 members have left and now there are three members left. The 12 Congress MLAs who have left the party have deceived the people.
On the other hand, Bah M Kharkrang said that if there are any serious crimes, the law enforcement authorities should be informed.
At the same time, the DIG has warned the people who donate or support the HNLC that one day they will never escape from the shackles of the law.
On the other hand, the Seng through its offices will follow up exactly on this and if the Seng finds that there are suppliers who have done wrong, the Seng will not forgive.
Through the exhibition, the Organic Kitchen Garden at Mawryngkneng School, special laundry facilities and others were seen.
The protest was held by the drivers at Mawdan Malki in which many drivers took part in the protest. Those who came to take part in the protest came from all over Shillong and surrounding areas.
He said that the party has only one MDC. At the same time, he said that if there is any problem as a party, they have to resolve it.
Shillong, March 08: U Minister in charge of Electricity, Clement Marak today informed the House that the State Government has suspended the light bill to NEEPCO to T.295.34 crore.
The court, after hearing the case on the 8th of this month, convicted Ranjeet Namosudro under Section 420 of the IPC and Section 20 of the Foreigners Act.
A 10 minute silence was held in which all the people who gathered nearby expressed their sorrow over the incident and after that a short meeting was held before the start of the ceremony. The meeting was led by Samla Banshai Marbaniang, Leader of the Citizens Forum.
However, this committee has not done its duty as directed and now the people have to face starvation and death due to unemployment,” he said. MH Dkhar, President of AJYWO.
Jowai, Naitung 27: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Iooksi Unit has expressed its regret over the delay of the government in implementing the laws to curb the entry and exit of mynder at will.
After the Seng has sent a letter to the relevant authorities in the past few days to demand that this issue should be resolved immediately, the complaints and demands have been in vain as no one has listened to them. crying.
He said that through the Meghalaya Games, he hopes to develop talented children in sports so that they will have the opportunity to represent the state in various competitions. The country is the same.
The author of the book, Bah Daniel Stone Lyngdoh Nonglait, said that it took 19 years to publish the book. Kaushal Goyal, Director and Chief Executive Officer of Pigeon Pvt Ltd, which published this book, said that this book is now well known and this book has been sold. Through Amazon and Flipkart, it was said that Phan Nonglait will indeed be one of the freedom fighters of India.
The union has already discussed with the government authorities regarding this issue. The animal husbandry department of the government has already inspected the cows to ensure that they are healthy. be healthy and this has made the prescription given by the doctors to be like a shallan.
Regarding the non-payment of salaries of SSA teachers for five months from June to April 2018, it is true, but the decision to merge the schemes of the central government has been taken. by the Federal Ministry of Education.
Shillong, Naitung 10: Meghalaya Police have arrested Nazir Khan, 32, of Thembasuk Nongthymmai and his wife Mantaz Begum, 27, of Thembasuk Nongthymmai.
Police are investigating to identify other people involved in the illegally registered militant group.
A consistent program is needed to truly see the fruit of the chastity success.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: The Meghalaya Police Department has decided to issue new rules for the recruitment of personnel into the Arms Branch and the Unarms Branch. this is because the plant is not going to go smoothly.
Therefore, the Seng sends its condolences to the family of Samla Lamphrang Uriah and all those who have a relationship with him. time of the accident.
In the past few years, they have opened a school in Pohktieh in one building and they have only one department and when they open the full school they will start three other departments. and they will continue to increase the number of education departments. The training will be so that the youth can get jobs after graduation.
In fact, the government has ordered us to take action against this but we have not done anything wrong. The hand to check the entry of people from Assam into Meghalaya.
However, when we reached there (at the place where it happened) we couldn't blame the menshohnoh because it happened on the border of the village (Mawthlong Mynsaiñ).
On the other hand, the union strongly condemns the thrangsnam driver who doesn't care about others.
After the registration of a complaint by the police, the KSU leader has hidden himself and the police have sent a tip-off to search for him and today they have arrested him from Nongpoh. , but police did not disclose the location.
“When this happens to the people of Wapung and their surrounding villages, judge for yourselves, who has misled the people? Who plays politics with the people in the name of development that lasts only 8 months? “If there is a riots in the area, who will bring it?” “The union demands that the government should bring back the Wapung C&RD Block to the place where it was built now and also to New C&RD Block has been established in Lumshnong.
Referring to the North East, the MPCC President said that when Reliance Company came to the North East to get mobile connection, it took T.3000 from someone and promised to return it. The money, but when it left the North East, it did not return the money to the people.
Innovations in digital technology, especially in information and communication, have the potential to accelerate the empowerment of women in the financial sector.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: The MPCC General Secretary Wansuk Syiem today appointed three Block Congress Committee Presidents in three constituencies in Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
On the other hand, Bah Gigur said that this allegation of the HNLC is groundless because there has never been such a Bemani work, he said since 1995 when he started. to work you have worked for yourself.
Parks and other such places are allowed to open and the SOP on this will be issued by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW).
The main training was led by the MSNP representative who explained about the methods of reducing drug abuse through public training.
Speaking in the House, he said that in Mylliem Constituency there are such villages and there is a village which has not held a dorbar for six years.
Urging the youth who are running this service, Kong Patricia added, “You should also have a goal in front of you and the most important thing is hard work.
The purpose of holding such a meeting is to encourage the farmers to improve their farming practices in
Chief Justice Prafulla, 61, was born in Pithorahrah district before the partition of UP. he is the head of the state in the legislature.
In a statement sent to the media, Wahlang said he remembers that in 1988, the UDP came to power and brought trouble to the UDP. In 2008, the people gave their trust to the UDP to form the MPA government and only a year later the government of Dr Donkupar Roy collapsed due to defections.
Their power to spend and think only about that candidate and their party. It is also a time to look at people, a time to smile at each other, and a time to smile at each other. The pain iapra is also the same.
Speaking to media at Shillong Press Club, Bah Nongrum said that what Bah Shylla said is that there should be cooperation and unity between the people. the National League for Democracy (NLD) without raising the flags of the parties.
In the third phase, the objective of the National Vaccine Strategy is to provide vaccines to all.
On the other hand, the KNGCSU has urged the Director of Education to take action to appoint a full time Principal and Vice Principal of the college which has been vacant for many months.
In implementing the ban on terrorism under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and under the supervision of Home Minister Amit Shah, the Central Government has announced four organizations as terrorist organizations, 6 individuals were considered terrorist and two organizations as illegal organizations.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Phrowell Dyia, former Sordar of Mawdem, said that the road to reach the village is very old, but until now they have been left behind by the state government. The area is very difficult to travel.
The office is still waiting for a reply from the state government regarding the request of MCCL and it is now up to the government.
According to information received by Nongstoin Police Station, Bah Syiemlieh had assaulted the doctor while she was on Emergency Duty.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Banker Lapang, owner of Betsi-TV, said that the donation should be clean and without expecting anything in return. there are many who want to help but do not have the people to do the work.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The President of the National People's Party (NPP) in Meghalaya State, Dr WR Kharlukhi, on Tuesday said that the emergence of all the insurgent parties is due to unemployment.
Taking this into account, the Vice President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, Bah Wankitbok Pohshna, has requested the State Government to take immediate action to relieve the people from the problems caused by the poor condition of the roads. The villagers have decided to celebrate Christmas in a peaceful manner and not just to worry about the lack of roads.
The Seng also had a talk with the people who came to collect medicine on that day and on the part of the people they also expressed the same voice and at the same time they also gave their praise to all the workers of the school. They also said that the government authorities should take immediate action to address this issue which affects the lives and livelihoods of the villagers. that it will be a blessing to the people who need help in times of illness.
The KHNAM leader said that out of the 33 posts, five have been allocated, but out of these five posts, none have been allocated for the Riewlum or the Schedule Tribes of the state. .
People from other states do not want to experience the food that is similar today like KFC, food from Sub-Way.
The union expressed its gratitude to the State Government and the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, as well as to all those involved in making this event a success.
At the time of writing, no casualties have been reported.
I – Naphisabeth Jarain; Tally Pt.
Tura, Jymmang 28: U Witsan M Sangma, an alleged supporter of the GNLA, died today at the Chokpot Police Station in South Garo Hills.
Last year, the Meghalaya Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) had charged T.2.00 lakh for the land, but the good news is that now they will not charge any more and will become one of the groups to take part in this festival.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: KSU East Jaintia Hills District Unit today 1st November 2023 honored Heprit Rukini Dkhar for winning the Silver Medal in the U-14 Girls category. 600 m race at the 34th East Zone Championship 2023 held in West Bengal.
Before the meeting, the Expert Committee held meetings through the internet. Today, the Expert Committee visited its office at Lachumier. at the office of the Assistant Commissioner of Food and Safety, Lachumiere, Shillong.
One such market in Bangladesh is Tamabil, located in Sylhet district.
Dr Singh said that the women of this area have the power and the opportunity to do their job.
Due to the inability of the Government and the District Council to protect and enforce the border only according to the Notification issued by the Assam Government, it has caused many problems to the residents of Assam. along the border.
He congratulated all the riflewomen who have achieved this and I hope they will do better in the future.
During the raid, police seized 1,12,097 ml of heroin and 7,74,000 ml of heroin.
Shillong, July 16: The BJP in Meghalaya has acknowledged that the people of Meghalaya and other parts of India have supported the abolition of 500 and 1000 rupee notes. elections in other states.
The Central Government has allocated 75% to the SDRFs in the States and 90% to the North Eastern and Himalayan States.
“In order to continue to mark this day as Sngi Darum, NESO has decided to raise the flag in all the major places of the North Eastern States on November 11, 2023,” said Bah Jyrwa.
After the meeting, the Director urged them to hold another meeting with the HYC, but the HYC leaders have expressed that they do not want to talk to him today but to send a message to the HYC. another time to discuss union demands.
Bah Victor Lyngdoh, one of the sordars who was present, said, “We have called public meetings to discuss the road issue, and the people want to get the road, especially from Wahkaji to Ranikor is the best block in Ranikor.
In the coming days, journalists will meet with various groups and meet with leaders of Assam and Meghalaya.
The brutal murder of the doctor's mother in Hyderabad and the murder of those accused in the murder of the doctor.
The rice was distributed to all the eligible households at the government price of Rs3/shi kg.
Despite the challenges caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and the lockdown, more than 5.38 crore (28%) households have received drinking water since the beginning of the mission.
On this occasion, the people of the country who still hold on to their traditional religion were urged to protect and preserve their customs and traditions. encourage each other to keep their own roots.
The second incident occurred when the victims were employed by the office of the Governor of the State, Satya Pal Malik.
“The government should not waste time, because the longer it takes, the more the influx of mynder into our state,” said Shaniah Dkhar.
Textiles printing is a process in which designs are printed on fabric using methods and techniques and done on ready-made fabrics.
The Shillong Hockey Association (SHA) on Saturday launched its Winter Camp for the training of hockey players.
Ms Marwein said that the present Syiem has done his best to bring about cleanliness inside the market and to ensure the cleanliness of the market in the movement of the people.
The Minister said that the government will not hesitate to take tougher decisions because in many places the people do not follow what the government has ordered. decides to fine those who violate the law.
Jowai Police today seized a vehicle without number plate, but during their vigilance, they arrested two persons from the vehicle and seized 4.6 grams of heroin and money. They seized T.1.9 lakh.
“Surprisingly, the Meghalaya Government is well aware of the condition of the NH-6 and Sutnga-Saipung roads, but we know what is behind it that makes the Government remain silent without doing anything on the destruction of the these two roads to this day.
Without peace, there will be no progress in the economy of the state.
“You have to keep this spirit off the pitch as well.
The Congress party's objection is that many of the students who want to sit for the examination will not be able to do so due to lack of transportation. urban areas too and conducting examinations where many students will have to reach one place is a health hazard.
Manipur has already passed the Manipur People Protection Bill 2018, Assam and the NRC are now preparing to discuss through the High Level Committee on Clause 6 of the Assam Accord on how to protect the rights of citizens and citizens. Even the people of Tripura are still supporting the demand for Twipraland, the state of the Riewlum.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: U Bah Renikton L Tongkhar MLA of the HSPDP on Tuesday said that the border issue has been the party's priority since the past.
On the other hand, NCP MLA Salseng Sangma spoke in Garo in the House and later in English.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Remdor Thongni said that the NPP Ranikor Block has unanimously approved only the name of Bah Air Marshall Diengngan.
The deadline for receipt of applications is 19th August 2016 and if there are too many teams, the JSU Organizing Committee will accept the first applications.
The AJYWO Sengkmie under the leadership of Bah MH Dkhar, its President, has lodged a complaint with the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways (Surface Transport) of the Government of India. In 2011, the Ministry of India has directed the Meghalaya Government to eradicate the illegal operation of vehicles in Khliehriat (C) Sub-Division. Until now, the illegal use of private vehicles in EJHD has remained the same.
We have also urged the DC to expedite all the necessary preparations for these Entry & Exit Points especially those under PHASE-I,” said Bah MH Dkhar.
The protest will be held for two days. The protest was led by the president of the party, Bah KP Pangniang and about 30 party office bearers have attended the protest. this protest.
The JAC urges the elders and the people to come and take part in this march, as only in the past two months the kidnapping of people from this area has been reported. The number of people in Bangladesh has increased.
Regarding the letter received, the Vigilance Division has decided to appoint a committee to look into this without any bias and the rules of this committee are to look into this. the allegation of illegal activity by unauthorized persons.
Spokesperson of the State Government, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, has congratulated the BSF for arresting three BSF personnel involved in the shooting death of Bah Roning Nongkynrih. he was from the village of Jalynteng.
A short skit was also performed by the VO of the village where the message was protection of the environment.
Therefore, the JYF-EJH urges the government to expedite the opening of this new office as a sign of the beginning of development and a blessing to the residents of the district as a whole. In a statement sent by JYF-EJH General Secretary John Pala, JYF-EJH General Secretary John Pala said:
Therefore, stories are a parable that expresses and conveys the thought according to the tradition of our ancestors that is prevalent in the present day, which gradually becomes a belief that is truly accepted by future generations.
T.1.85 crore has been allocated for Rangsakona and T.3.09 crore for Garobadha.
If peace means that they have to shut their mouths in the middle of the night, they don't want that.
In the petition, the Seng said that the Seng is willing to ensure that Psiar is still fully within the border of Meghalaya but due to our permission and agreement with the District Administration, Assam has been brave and allowed to invade our border.
They will also swear that they will not put red lights in their chariots if they win.
When we examine all the circumstances, we witness the surprise and enthusiasm of many churches in many ways.
The Seng also urges the village and the BSF troops to hold meetings from time to time to explain to the residents of the border villages to avoid such incidents in the coming days. come in order to remove the misunderstanding between the BSf troops and the locals.
Shillong, Iaiong 23: The Government of India has issued guidelines for farmers during the curfew due to the COVID-19 pandemic. livestock procurement departments, including those related to the pricing of agricultural products, markets run by the Agriculture Produce Market Committee (APMC) or announced by the State Government.
Speaking to reporters, Bah FM Mawphniang, President and Bah S Basaiawmoit, General Secretary, said that it is the vision of the health department to eradicate the disease. The lynshop has affected the people in the area.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today expressed its surprise that the government has decided to merge all the colleges of the state into the Williamson Sangma State University. The government has not said whether it has already met with the college management.
This was announced by Bah HM Marbaniang, General Secretary of MSSASA.
After this, the GNC has lost its way again but in the midst of the struggle, the GNC has not won the election.
Referring to the District Task Force, he said that it will be implemented once the construction of the Entry and Exit Points has been completed.
He said that these differences often come outside the discussions within the party.
The BSF has seized 11,000 Yaba pills since the beginning of this year from near the border with Bangladesh. arrest smuggling at the border.
It is alleged that NEHUSU has closed down the workplace of Nantu Das and also demanded from the VC of NEEHU to dismiss him. N.Das is the owner of the bat.
Services related to financial activities, electricity, and access to LPG cylinders, low-income housing, food security, access to nutritious food and healthcare services that can be trusted.
The Chief Minister said that the soh niamtra exported from the state to outside India is known as Khasi Mandarin which in Khasi is called Soh Niamtra and now it has been exported to India. bar of India.
Regarding the JNV in Mawkyrwat, he said that the contractor has promised to complete only the school building before July 2023, the office expects to complete it. Regarding the construction of the JNV school in Mawsynram, the work has progressed but there is still a shortage of staff. He said that he had visited the workplace in Mawsynram. In fact, the MGCC should have ordered the contractors not to obtain Work Permits to bring in foreign workers. rules of law.
The survey of India will go to survey and set the boundaries and after this social agreement it will work together, but there are still seven other areas that need to be resolved and the discussions can be held. beginning in July or May.
They were also directed to wear masks, not to interact with others and to listen carefully if they have any fever or chills or difficulty breathing.
It was also heard and recorded on the camera that these foreigners threatened the police to shoot and beat the people by shouting 'Maro Maro Sale.
“It was also decided that the OM should be amended immediately by inserting the words, “Tribe certificate from the relevant authorities from the areas within the boundary of KHADC” as one of the “He has signed and approved the file relating to this decision,” said the Minister.
To ensure that the Election Commissioners will reach the Polling Stations on time and will not be stuck in the heavy traffic jam in Shillong which happens every day, the Deputy Commissioner (Election) who is the District Election Officer He announced the closure only for schools, colleges and ITIs in Shillong.
Regarding the dewbilat factories, Bah Shylla said that there is no problem with the KHADC as all the factories have received their trading license and pay the professional tax properly. of employees.
On the other hand, the Congress leaders want to complete it as soon as possible and in this case they will announce it earlier than in previous years.
The new building will be able to fill the shortages caused by the increase in passengers by 2030-3
In his speech, the Governor said that Mother Teresa brought with her the message of love, peace, hope and service to others on this earth.
Out of the eleven districts in Meghalaya, five districts have the border with Bangladesh and they are South West Garo Hills District, South Garo Hills District, South West. Khasi Hills district, South West Khasi Hills district, East  Khasi Hills district, East Jaintia Hills district, West  Jaintia Hills district.
To encourage doctors to work in the rural areas, the MCI with the permission of the Government has amended the Post Graduate Medical Education Regulations,
On the other hand, Tura MP Agatha K Sangma has also submitted a petition to the Prime Minister to urge the Central Government to recognize the Garo language under the Eight Schedule.
Tura, Jymmang 07: The National People's Party (NPP) has held a rally in Rongjeng today. he came because he had ruled the state wrongly.
He said that the committee has received many applications but the residents should understand that not only they have applied for permission but the committee has to see if they are right. right to receive or not.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Chief Officer of Meghalaya, MS Rao took over the post today in the presence of officers. the state.
Police have taken the body of the man to the Civil Hospital Mortuary in Shillong.
Three of the arrested are members of the HNLA and one is a member of the ULFA. The arrested are Bah Nobleson Rynjah alias Bah Duh or Jack years of Mawlai; Bah Phrankor Rynjah, 33, of Smit, Umtyngngew.
In his speech, the DC said that it is necessary to prepare because it is difficult to conduct the election even though the new district has only two constituencies, Ranikor and Mawkyrwat.
“We strongly condemn this action of the police guarding the gate and urge those who should take action and fulfill their duties properly.
The Chairman of the JAC, Bah Gilbert Kharraswai, urged the District Council to take immediate action on the complaint of the children of the Hima against Syiem Niandro Syiemiong.
Shillong, July 24: A delegation of Bangladeshi traders today arrived in Shillong to meet with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma to discuss how to strengthen trade from Bangladesh to Bangladesh.
Leaders of the Central Body including Dondee Khongsit General Secretary, Kitbok Nongphlang Chief Organizing Secretary and Brigtstar Agricultural Secretary Sengkmie visited the area to swear in the new office bearers of the Sengkmie. establish.
“We strongly condemn the robbers involved in the murder of our Rangbah Shnong and urge the law enforcement authorities to investigate until the robbers are arrested,” said the statement.
To say that the Government will dismiss all the cases is not possible," he said.
According to the Manager of JSIAV, this happened at about 4:00 pm when the employees heard only the sound of the vehicles that were on fire. There were employees who immediately informed him that another puhshilum vehicle on the Nongstoiñ-Mawkyrwat road near the Kynroh Bridge has caught fire.
The Seng strongly condemns the MUDA's border crossing which has affected the lives of many people and partly it is like violating the rights of the people of this area.
Shillong, Naitung 2: U Bah Renikton L Tongkhar, Minister of State for Home Affairs, today said that the government has set up a committee to look into the areas where there is a border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam.
The curfew has affected the entire state and especially Shillong where all offices have been closed except for a few.
: With the initiative to pursue the target of USD 10 Billion by 2030, the State Government under the leadership of the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma has taken steps to promote tourism which is expected to increase by It can employ up to 50,000 people per annum and contributes up to 4.1% to the Gross State Domestic Product (GSDP) of the State.
The body of Bah Ron was recovered from the river with the help of police and villagers and taken to Civil Hospital Nongpoh. to complete the postmortem.
Shillong, July 09: U Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Minister of State for Social Welfare and MLA of West Shillong Constituency, on Tuesday said that the recent incidents of violence in Mawprem are due to the increase in the number of people in Mawprem. drug trafficking in the area and Shillong as a whole.
Shillong, Lber 21: The construction of the parking lot at Motphran, Mawkhar village has been temporarily suspended due to the need to change the drawing of the parking lot.
The government has allocated funds to the MCCL as a grant to pay the salaries of the workers at the dewbilat factory which has now closed down. it's more like a salary.
On the allegation that the government does not have enough funds, the Prime Minister said that there is no shortage of funds to pay the salaries of government employees and other needs. this this.
He said that the youth are now involved in junk food although they know that it does not build the body and therefore, the knowledge in computer science should not be wasted.
However, there is a shortage of people infected with the disease.
On the other hand, the Hima on this day welcomed the Prime Minister with a Khasi dance and this has shocked him so much that the Prime Minister of the country has sent these dancers himself. for he was filled with joy.
Employers should ask children if they have anything wrong and take them and hand them over to the police, if there is a more serious suspicion.
On the other hand, the civil society organizations in the area have given their speeches to the people while the House is in progress and after the House has taken a decision to implement the ILP in this state has brought happiness to the people.
