They staged a protest in front of the hospital carrying placards.
Shillong, Iaiong 12: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today congratulated all those who took part in this prayer from all over the world, different states of India and especially the people. of the state who joined in this prayer.
Initially, we didn't have much space. We only had a new building and an old building. So we turned the labor room into an Operation Theatre. and the MLA of Sohra constituency, Bah Kevin Mylliemngap, we have built a balcony to connect the old building and they have built a labor room into the Operation Theatre.
In the session, which will start on the 24th of this month, the House will take the oath of office of the MPs of the Lok Sabha who have been elected in the last election.
If this is the case, the question is who is the Rangbah Shnong?
The body of an unidentified woman has been found nearby.
Shillong, March 19: The BJP MLA of 19-Shillong South, Sanbor Shullai, today wrote to the State President of the party, Ernest Marwei, asking whether the leaders of the party know about the These are the allegations of the State BJP against the government.
The HSPDP and UDP have announced that the two parties will work together to form a government in 2018 in the state. A Coordination Committee has been set up with Dr Donkupar Roy as its Chairman.
The Chief Minister, Deputy Chief Minister and Minister I/C DCA when speaking on this issue should not have mentioned the AD Rules 1951 as it is clear that all three speak in strong words but do not mention a single Rule.
After receiving clarification from these government officials, she has now clarified what happened and she cannot disclose all the information to the media, but she said that on the part of the police and the doctors have done their job according to the law to fulfill what is required.
The hours-long queue has caused many students to miss classes and some have fled.
We are seeing rapid economic growth now in the country.
The Minister in charge of District Council Affairs, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said that the government has already sent the name to the Governor to appoint a pro-term chairman in the House. KHADC. He said that at present it cannot be announced as it has not yet received the approval of the Governor.
He said that the government has taken many measures to assist them in getting jobs in government jobs and the government is now ready to issue ID cards to make it easier for them to get jobs. government assistance.
On this occasion, the villagers including the Longkmie longkpa, Riew Rangbah and also the youth of the village were present in the presence of the Church Leaders of the Church of God, Nongialam Presbyterian Church, Elders including Bah Pynshailang Synjri, Secretary Nongjrong Village, Bah S. Mukhim, Secretary Nongjrong Village, Bah Kolin Ryndong, Bah Shonroy Rynjah, Secretary Village Laitkyrhong and others. The Leaders of the Area have expressed their deep appreciation for the spirit of service of Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh.
“I have arranged for a rally here in Dangar and once you are selected you will have to attend a two month training and after the training you will be appointed in “This is my preparation for you,” said Bah Shangpliang.
This is according to a statement sent by Banjoplang Maring, Chairman, Education Department, KSU NKH District.
The name of Grace Kharpuri was proposed by Ban Basaiawmoit of the PDF, Kimfa Marbaniang of the Congress and supported by Bah D Wahlang of the Congress and Bah Hedrian Lyngdoh of the PDF. HS Shylla was nominated by Nailantonio War and Donkupar Sumer of the UDP and supported by Manstudy Nongrem of the HSPDP and Pyniaid Syiem of the NPP. They found a mother from Mawryngkneng walking on the highway and when they inquired, they found that the mother was not able to speak and could not hear.
The two machines were part of the Umiam Hydropower Project.
He said the 200th birth anniversary of Swami Dayanand Saraswati, the founder of the Arya Samaj in 1875 and one of the most prominent figures in the society and culture of India today, will be celebrated in .
Shillong, Nailar 29: U Bah Banshai Marbaniang, a young volunteer from Mawsynram today met with RK Gupta, Deputy Commissioner of Navodaya Vidyalaya Samiti, Regional Office, Meghalaya for a discussion. on the delay in the construction of its own school building and permanent accommodation for the JNV School in Mawsynram.
Shillong, March 27: The President of the Goro Students Union (GSU) Tengsak G Momin today said that the leaders of 13 political parties who met in Lum Garo Hills have decided to hold a night or night curfew. Road Blockade on the 29th, 30th and 31st of this month will start at 7 pm and end at 5 pm.
On the other hand, Bah HM Shangpliang demanded that the Minister should provide seven buses in four areas within the Mawsynram Constituency. the Minister may approve.
He said that although the Sports Minister of the state continues to allege that the BJP has links with the RSS, as the party we will have to seek proof with evidence. political parties and all the citizens of India can support it.
mm.
He also urged the government ministers, MLAs and political parties that this is a serious matter and should try to resolve the issue through understanding and not by setting fire.
Shillong, Nailur 26: The Assistant Executive Engineer of PWD Building, Bah D Tariang today handed over the documents to the President of the PWD Building after the completion of the construction of the new building. SK Changopadhya School after the completion of the construction of the new school building.
“The people of Hynniewtrep have been shocked by the thanks of the politicians and the lies of the Government.
Answering a question by Jambor War, EM in charge of KHADC Housing, Teiborlang Pathaw said that the office is still considering how to set up a KHADC office in Eastern West Khasi Hills. Hills District.
“Ka Seng congratulates the Mynsngat-Khanduli Development Committee and the Local MLA for their initiative to follow up on the demand for the upgradation of PHC Namdong to CHC. but they should first look into the condition and performance of the PHC”.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah HS Shylla today said that the Inner Line Permit approved by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has been clarified. The KHADC has already prepared a writ petition to the Supreme Court for clarification. The KHADC has already prepared a petition for clarification.
Speaking to reporters after the opening of the 36th Annual General Meeting of KJDSTA, President Bah ED Nongsiang said that according to the Commissioner-Secretary of Education, the government has prepared well. to implement the Education Policy and Service Rules for the deficit teachers in the state.
According to the rules of MeECL, the results will last only for 10 years and if they cannot be appointed within 10 years, they will expire.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: Various civil society organizations in East Jaintia Hills District including the EJNC, JSM, JSU, KSU, FKJGP and HNYF have decided to dismiss the Deputy Government. The Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, has held an emergency meeting.
The wife alleged that the police's action was just an unfounded robbery, said Langdoh Lamat.
Regarding this issue, the Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, said that if the District Council can be asked to hold a special session to pass the Land Bill, He said that if this can be accepted, it will be easier for other District Councils in the state to take over the KHADC and the remaining one is now the KHADC. I will go to the KHADC to meet and discuss this issue.
In the last election, it won only 25 seats and now it has won more than four seats. As it is now, the government will go to the Congress party but the question is who will be the prime minister.
Before supporting Bah Pynshngain, they had discussed whom to choose from among the candidates and finally, they decided to support Bah Pynshngain.
This incident in Manipur is a bloodshed among the indigenous people and if this incident happens it will open the door for foreigners to work in our states. This incident has affected many youths. They are from Meghalaya.
Edmund Khongngai, President of the party, said that the government's action is unacceptable at such a time when the people are suffering from poverty.
The economy has gained new momentum.
Now when I speak here there are some things that I have not mentioned but these too are important.
The meeting was also attended by the Office Bearers of all the three Dorbar Shnongs. Bah Christplin Kharmawphlang, Rangbah Shnong Mawrashe and also the three Presidents of the Dorbar Shnongs of Mawrashe. the Women's Associations of Mawnianglah, Mawkhan & Mawrashe Village on behalf of all.
“There have been good results but there are also those who have gone on their own,” said Pastor Reuben. the city and Capernaum.
Under the revised rules, qualified persons in sports events such as the Khelo India Youth Games (for participants 18 years of age and above), the Khelo India Winter Games, the Khelo India Para Games, and the Khelo India University Games are now eligible. they get government jobs.
The festival will be held after the Independence Day celebrations and will also open the door for Delhi residents to experience the sohtrun from Meghalaya.
However, if you do not have the right to do so, you will not receive any notifications.
Many slogans were carried by school children, residents and members of the KSU to condemn those involved and demand their arrest.
Dr Celestine acknowledged that the next government will be the Congress government and urged the party members to work together to bring victory for the Congress party in this MLA election. it shall not be soon.
Shillong, March 29: The Syiem of Nongstoin Hima, Paim Phyllasing Syiem, today inaugurated the Dorbar Hall of the Nongtngner Kur in Nongjri Village, South West Khasi Hills District. The presence of the entire family to witness this memorable day.
KHNAM strongly condemns this attempt by Shillong MP Bah Pala and strongly opposes the coming of the railway in the state.
Right now, our relationship is in a case of major change.
“We also hope that the people will continue to support the RDA (in the Lok Sabha elections) as they did in 2023,” he added.
The Secretary in charge of Mineral Resources, Meghalaya, C.Manjunath, has briefed the Union Minister of Home Affairs on the status of the coal industry in the state and the rights of ownership. and the problems caused by this mining ban.
There have been 570 recoveries today, bringing the total number of recoveries to 43070 in the state.
Hospitals on the NEIAH site have private wards, Karma Surgery, Operation Theatre, Yoga Centre, Physiotherapy Unit, Panchkarma Unit and others.
It is to be recalled that the casual workers under the banner of the All NEHU Workers' Union (ANWU) have already sent their letters to the Vice Chancellor's office since demands of casual workers.
Grace is an MDC from Nongskhen constituency from the Congress party and she has applied for a ticket from the party but the party has given the ticket to Bah Batengshain Laitmon Rynga. make her leave the party and contest as an independent candidate.
Expressing his appreciation for the development of AYUSH in Meghalaya, Jaggi urged the state government to strengthen the AYUSH department so that it can be available in every block and district of Meghalaya. state.
Because of the increase in rape of children, the police have set up a helpline for the public to inform the nearest police station when there are such incidents the number is 03652- 220782 and 9774065467.
“The houses that need to be built have already been completed but they will move to this site once all the construction is completed,” said Biswal.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The 193rd Battalion of the BSF today conducted a free medical distribution in the villages on the border with Bangladesh at Gumaghat in South West Khasi Hills District today.
The Government, the authorities and the public, all worked together in concerted efforts to manage the situation as smoothly as possible.
If I am suspended, it will not affect my MLA or MDC position. I will continue to be CEM if I get the trust of the House”.
This donation from the Samla Pule Association has reduced the cost of education for the parents, through this donation will improve the quality of education in the village and at the same time he urged He urged the parents not to allow their children to drop out of school part-time but encouraged the students to work hard until they reap the fruits of success in their studies.
The four-day festival aims to promote the film industry in Meghalaya.
Tura, Naitung 15: An armed group suspected to belong to the GNLA or ASAK clashed with police in South West Garo Hills on Monday night.
Former Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District (KHADC) Bah Teiñwell Dkhar who is also MDC of Shella Constituency has passed away on Tuesday.
Shillong, Nailar 29: The HR Department of Meghalaya Cement Limited, Top Cem, Thangskai Village, today dismissed two employees of Thangskai Village, Shillong. public hearing day.
Shillong, Nailar 29: Ka KHNAM expresses its deep sorrow and condemnation over the attack on indigenous students including students from our state at their school at IFCAI in state  Tripura.
Shillong, June 04: Two schools of the Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya (JNV) are under construction in Meghalaya, one at Mawkyrwat in South West Khasi Hills District and one at Mawsynram in East Khasi Hills District.
The demands from time to time through the Nongmihkhmat and so on have continued and all these have ended in the middle of the demand without any results.
The three committees are the Governing Body headed by the Chief Minister, the Steering Committee headed by the Chief Secretary and the Executive Committee headed by the PCCF of the Forest Department. for the purpose of using this money for the replanting of trees in the shrah areas.
If there are any areas that are not distributed, please inform the office to take action.
Regarding the appointment of one engineer in the rank of Director and the allocation of sub stations to the companies, the government does not see that this should be resolved and that it will not affect the employees.
On receiving a tip, B Kharjana MPS, Deputy Superintendent of Police, West Khasi Hills, rushed to the scene and found that Lependro Sangma, 34, has been arrested. The deceased and the injured Hendit Momin, 33, both of Goraimari, North Garo Hills.
In a meeting with the Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prabha Shankar Shukla, they said that if they cannot be appointed, it will affect those students who are still studying and doing research in various fields. and this will affect 1200 students.
Other speakers at the awareness meeting were HB Rymbui, Waheh Chnong, Nongtalang Mission. The meeting was conducted by HF Rymbui, Chairman of Kyntoilang SHG, Nongtalang Mission. .
The Minister said that young mothers face many problems especially in the field of health and this affects their children.
Speaking to media, the Minister said that no individual or group can conduct raids on foreign workers and cannot even take the law into their own hands. if they have something they should report it to law enforcement.
The meeting was opened by the BDO Nongstoin, C&RD who congratulated all those who took the initiative to attend the meeting.
If the JSU continues to receive complaints about the lack of doctors, the JSU will close down the CHC Laskein.
Shillong, July 03: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma together with the Minister in charge of Agriculture, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh to honor Samridhya Das who came first in the SSLC examination in I went to Sherwood School.
In 2021-22, the state plans to provide electricity to 3.39 households in rural areas.
The Minister of Home Affairs said that there are rivers that are stronger due to landslides and floods.
Shillong, Iaiong 02: The Returning Officer of the 1-Shillong (ST) Parliamentary Constituency today warned that anyone who spreads false news which could cause conflict between the communities will be punished within the the provisions of the IT Act.
After this I informed the police who took me to hospital for treatment,” said Poonam in the complaint.
KSU President F Kharkamni said that the DC P Yadav has asked for another day to resolve the issue because the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma has asked for another day to resolve the issue. he is not in the state.
At the meeting held on 17th November, 2023, the Rangbahkur from the Sengkmie of the Seng Kur Warjri approved the Sengshnat Siejiong and elected the office bearers to run the Kur.
The National Telecom Policy-2012 has targeted to deliver up to 600 million broadband connections to consumers by 2020 at a speed of up to 2 Mbps.
The fire broke out at about 1:15 pm on Thana Road opposite Payal Cinema.
These arrested are 5 men and 2 women.
The interior of the terminal has been decorated with paintings from this place depicting the life of Bhagwan Shri Ram.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The Block Development Officer of Umsning Block, Raja Brahma, said that 440 houses have been affected by the cold weather so far this evening.
Bah Egenstar Kurkalang President BJYM Meghalaya was the Chief Guest. In his speech, he encouraged the youth to work hard and not to lose hope even if the assistance from the government is lacking. I'm supporting you.
Joe Marwein President of FKJGP said that during the visit, the meeting was held between the civil society and government officials to discuss the location of the check post for people entering and leaving the state. , especially on this highway to Shillong, it would be better if it could be placed at 18 mer on GS Road and the land owners are ready to give the land at any time. government has work.
On receiving this information, the Shillong Police under the leadership of the SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah M Kharkrang, conducted a search and raid on all the hotels in Shillong. .
All the Chief Secretaries expressed their full support to the call of the Prime Minister to observe the Janta Curfew.
In this Bill, the Committee has said that if anyone who takes a job from his father is no longer a Khasi, this is the central theme of this Bill. The theft of jaid by other ethnic groups and as Khasi should take jaid from the mother.
Schools, government offices and courts will be closed on this day. This holiday has been declared publicly as this day is Unitarian Day.
What he (Majaw) finds here is that through the ILP it has brought many blessings to the State where many unemployed youth can get jobs through the ILP in the State. The State of Mizoram has set up its offices in Shillong and Silchar. Those who wish to travel to Mizoram for business purposes must go to the ILP office with their documents. If you don't have a valid address proof, you have to pay T.120 each.
The party has requested the Presidents, General Secretaries and members of the Units, Circles and Districts of the party to attend the meeting tomorrow.
Rudy has been associated with the KSU for a long time as a member of the KSU Lummawbah Unit and has also served as the President of this Unit and Upper Shillong Circle.
The Court has authorized the Police to remand him for six days for further investigation.
On the other hand, the GSU said that even though we have reached the 21st century, Garo Hills is still in the midst of a shortage of lights due to the lack of light even in urban areas like Tura. , Williamnagar also and this has caused people to have to use alcohol.
These teachers were honored at a function held at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong on 5th November, 2023 by the Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A. Sangma.
The Chief Minister said that the Union Chief Minister has expressed his concern over the peace and order in the state and promised that after the Republic Day he will to set a date for the meeting and talks with the State Government.
It will provide facilities to promote tourism and the exhibition of local heritage.
“U Bah PN Syiem came to meet me to join the PDF. However, I refused because I understand that the people of the constituency will not want me to join the new party,” he said.
Speaking on logistics opportunities in the North East, the Minister said, “Under the leadership of Narendra Modiji, the North East has experienced growth and development along with stable peace and stability.
On this occasion, the Government's construction of the Thanad is a waste of public money if it cannot work as planned from the beginning. Therefore, the Seng urges the Government to fight to expedite the opening of this place.
School authorities have been directed to cooperate with the health authorities near the schools to keep the children safe.
Does the law apply only to the Khasi? If this continues, the mountains will turn into rain and the government should take responsibility.
If you don't, you won't be able to.
Regarding the ring light scheme for the poor households known as DDUGJY phase II which was awarded to M/s GM Syiemlieh of Lower Lumparing, the work has not been completed yet.
At present, the smuggling of sugar has started to decrease and the BSF and the state police are working together to fight against the smuggling on the border with Bangladesh.
Shillong, July 10: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that 603 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in the state while the total number of cases in the state has risen to
On the other hand, the CoMSO has suggested how to strengthen the powers of the Inner Line Permit system in the MRSSA by introducing the following provisions; one to prevent foreigners from entering the state without the permission of the government.
It should be a protest of the people like our Swacchh Bharat Abhiyan.
“I have given my opinion as a leader to avoid any problems, and I will feel sorry for the statement of Bah Latiplang,” said Bah Shullai.
The paid residents of the state who install lights in their homes pay their monthly light bills, why do they still have to face the charges from the MPDCL department which has turned into a festival? Once a year, the paid residents of the state.
He said that the remaining work is the construction of the treatment plant which has been delayed and he requested the department to take action to complete the work as soon as possible. by the government to comply.
At the same time, the Chief Minister urged the people to be vigilant to maintain peace and order and avoid any unrest in the state.
It can be noted that this work has been delayed for decades since 1978, even though the Khasi language has been fully developed according to the requirements of the Shnat Korbar-Ri of the Central Government including the Department of Official. Languages; and there are also areas where the Khasi language has violated the rules laid down for recognition in Article 10 of the Constitution of India.
Shillong, July 14: A woman has lodged a complaint with the Sardar Police Station, Shillong that on the 12th of this month, a man identified as Prince Talukdar. invite me to your birthday party at Greenwood Resort GS Road, Guwahati.
On the other hand, these organizations demanded from the Chief Minister that the government should pass strong laws to ban this logging.
This was announced by the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma today after the Cabinet meeting.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Prime Minister said that universities should focus on conducting research in collaboration with the government and become advisors to the government so that the government can take any decision in the best interest of the people.
He said that Union Ministers have also visited the North East more than 500 times.
On the other hand, the Syiem said that the first task for him now is to convene the Hima Dorbar of the Hima Mylliem soon and in any case it should be held in April. The Hima will cooperate with the Government and KHADC to clean up the area.
The chief guest at the meeting, Dr Mazel Ampareeen Lyngdoh, MLA, East Shillong, said that people should renew their minds and not stay silent.
The exhibition of Mahatma Gandhi's unique portraits is known as “These portraits will be explained in Khasi, Garo and Jaintia.
This Football Tournament was organized by the Lawlynnong Sports Club Mynsang as part of the development of the sports skills of the youth and also as part of the training of the youth of the area to spend their precious time in activities. sports to avoid bad habits that affect the health and society as a whole.
David Kharsati General Secretary of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit said that they have done this to fight against the insurgents. eh day in the bar Ri.
OTTs should reflect the overall feeling of the country, he said.
Dozens of supporters of the NPP party today came forward to donate blood. Those who came forward were leading party leaders from MLAs and MDCs, along with office bearers of the party. in front of the party.
On the part of the Chief Guest, Dr Balajied S Syiem, Syiem of Hima Khyrim, in his speech, congratulated the members of Nongkynrih FCA who organized the football tournament and congratulated Bah Dester Nongsteng, President, Nongkynrih FCA who initiated the Football Kur, Paiem also congratulated Bah John F Kharshiing who led the Chief Executive Members who started the Football Kur in 2015 in Smit and urged John F Kharshiing, Adviser & Spokesperson, to hold a meeting to discuss how to move forward.
Replying to a supplementary question by Bah Himalaya Shangpliang, the Minister replied that in the letter it is clearly stated that Article 7 and part 1 of Article They said that the buyers of cows have to pay to Assam.
If the roster is implemented retrospectively, there will be a backlog. If the Government says it is implementing the roster system prospectively, it should be from zero, that is, from
On the other hand, Dr. Vujay Kumar D, explained that the implementation of the schemes has been implemented according to the rules and regulations as approved by the New Development Bank (NDB) which does not fund the schemes. The schemes implemented by the Meghalaya Eco Tourism Infrastructure Development Project.
Biangbor L. Paliar, President Mawlai Circle, said that during the raid at Banalari World Cars, the union found that there are 34 foreigners working in this place. The authorities have promised to provide the necessary documents.
She said the Cabinet has approved the change of the name of the Captain Williamson Sangma Technical University to the Captain Williamson Sangma State University.
none.
Shillong, June 09:KSU Khliehriat Circle in the presence of Samla Ohibait Dkhar President Samla SS Niangti and Samla Morningstar Pasi Member Samla Morningstar Pasi of KSU Khliehriat Circle attended the ceremony. Visited the office of the Khliehriat Town Committee located in Khliehriat West.
Speaking at the closing ceremony of the Jubilee, Archbishop Dominic Jala as the chief guest said that the organization which has reached its 25th anniversary should not be satisfied with what it has done but it is only the beginning to lead the way for those after them to follow.
“Ka AJYWO strongly opposes the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016 of the Government of India, on the grounds that if the Government of India passes this bill, it will put our minority community in Meghalaya and “The North Eastern Region of India is in grave danger of becoming extinct immediately by being overwhelmed by the ethnic minorities of India,” said Bah MH Dkhar President, AJYWO Central Body.
To be trained, the singer and the coach will have to arrange the time and number of times a day for the training which will be held at Don Bosco Youth Centre, Laitumkhrah, Shillong.
Shillong, Jymmang 6: A total of 347 people have been tested positive for COVID-19 in the state today, bringing the total number of cases to
Regarding MUDA, many issues have been discussed related to the implementation of the Greater Shillong Master Plan. look at those who do not fall under the Municipal.
“On our part, we have provided all the necessities of the differently able students from their rams or paths, special outdoor places and other necessities,” said the Principal of the College, Babu B. .Priest of Nongum.
Your register will be updated regularly.
The Government has taken measures to curb this by setting up special courts at four district headquarters, Shillong, Tura, Jowai and Nongstoin and also lawyers. who are special in these courts.
The Prime Minister said that the revenue from taxes and duties in the 2019-20 fiscal year is estimated at T.2090 crore and T.601 crore respectively.
I also urge that during this Session of the State Government in the Assembly to express the concerns regarding this road and other needs in order to bring about development in terms of development. that par.
The union is surprised how the DC has prepared an appeal to allow the import of Dkhars in the name of development but has never had any contact with the day labourers, land dealers, rangli and Juki to help them with their problems. this is the time of lockdown.
The MLA of 17-North Shillong said that according to Article 194 of Section (1) of the Constitution of India, this act prohibits speaking according to the Constitution as a leader because of the There is a difference between requesting to bring the Bill and bringing the Bill, if so why didn't you inform by mentioning the rule and this will remove the misunderstanding.
Shillong, July 29: Shillong Police on receiving a tip-off have arrested a mother with a knife that had been stabbed from her body.
Nitish Kumar was also one of those involved in the formation of the INDIA Bloc in collaboration with the Congress, TMC and other parties.
The Chief Minister said that the sale of a new project in which the company will start implementation in the state is new by using the technology to generate electricity known as “ Buoyancy and  Gravity".
The decision of the KHADC to oppose the UCC cannot be changed. At the same time, I urge the state government to have the same mindset so that it will not be done. authority in these matters because we do not want to lose our traditions, this meeting is now in support of whatever the House has decided.
India and Egypt are two long standing countries that have developed in society and have their own history and these countries are now close in many ways. The Indian Air Force is training the Egyptian Air Force and the biggest thing now is that the two countries are working together to build a fighter jet. The Helwan 300 Fighter Jet was launched.
On behalf of KHADC, the CEM, Bah PN Syiem and EMs were present. In his speech, the CEM said that the KHADC wants to discuss with the land owners and The land does not belong to the District Council but to the people. It is on this basis that the KHADC has convened this meeting to discuss the issue.
This morning, the accused of stabbing the man with a knife tried to commit suicide by running away in the morning, but he did not die and was injured in the incident. He was taken to the civil hospital for treatment.
Since the opening of the clinic, Dr Nongrum said that many of those who come to get medicine from this center are suffering from diabetes and other diseases.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The Superintendent of Police, South West Khasi Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday said that a truck (No.AS 01) has overturned at Rajaju on the 21st of this month. L 8846.
Babasaheb Bhim Rao Ambedkar urged us to have strong constitutions, rules of law – and the importance of education.
Inderjit Singh Rana IPS has been the Inspector General of Meghalaya Frontier for six months and has been sent to the BSF Training Center at Hazaribagh. He was in Delhi from Tamil Nadu to Shillong.
The district authorities have strictly prohibited the carrying of flags or any other activities in the area due to the enforcement of 144 crpc but Naka Liang Members of the party have continued to carry placards as a sign of protest against Dr Mukul Sangma and the Cabinet Ministers.
In the Vocational stream, there are 11 students, 7 boys and 4 girls. All of them have passed the examination. .
Disparsing said that there are 163 government schools, 9 UP schools, Thynroit Government schools have only 7 students, in fact the government should have implemented does not have a law for the safety of schools.
At the same time, they asked why the Minister of Home Affairs is silent on this issue.
New Delhi, Naitung 02: Preeti Sudan, Health Secretary and Dr Balram Bhargava, DG (ICMR) today urged the States and Uttar Pradesh to take measures to address all the challenges in the testing process. that immediately to assist and strengthen testing.
These Hindu devotees will arrive at Mawjymbuin Creek this morning. During this journey, they have collected water from near the Dham temple and carried it with them until they reach Mawsynram. perform the ceremony and tomorrow morning they will return to their respective places.
Shillong, Naitung 12: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today inaugurated the Early Diagnosis and Intervention Center (EDIC) at Shillong Civil Hospital. Hek of the State Government.
Referring to the rules and regulations to be followed during the elections, the Chief Minister said that they are waiting for the orders of the Election Commission of India and once they receive them they will know. “These are the rules,” said the Chief Minister, Cornad K Sangma.
Shillong, July 23: The drivers of these trucks were injured in a collision at Dwar Ksuid Bridge this morning and were taken to hospital by Khapmara Police Station.
On the closing day of the tournament, a gymnastics demonstration was given by the children of the Gymnastics Association of Meghalaya.
But to register only a person’.
On the other hand, the elders of Umsyiem village have called the BSF from their residence in Umsyiem where two persons have gone to see the incident. Bangladeshi Khar villages have been destroyed.
Shillong, Nailur 14: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) on Friday decided to work together for the sake of maintaining peace and stability in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). villages under Block II which is in the border dispute.
In a petition signed by JSU President Jersom Zealand, JYF President OL Tariang and EJNC President Sambormi Lyngdoh, the Joint Action Committee (JAC) has urged the Government to take action against the government. Which Agency and the Government should transfer the forest land from West Khasi Hills District to Jaintia Hills District as there are still many forest land in these two districts.
It is clear that the Government of India does not want to impose such rules: Take the ILP and lose the Sixth Schedule or stay with the Sixth Schedule throughout Meghalaya without ILP. Paragraph 19 (1) (b) (3) of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India which is indeed a separate and authoritative Paragraph from all the Paragraphs of the Sixth Schedule and has not been confirmed by the Supreme Court. HS Shylla requests all the Seng Bhalang to come together for a new struggle with the spirit of brotherhood, otherwise we will kill ourselves. middle.
In her speech, Dr Prathibha Kulsherestha, Lecturer in History at Delhi University, said that women in today's society have a great role to play in many activities in society.
Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit said that the VPP will stand on the basis that it is not against the Roster System but on the basis of the Reservation Policy which has been implemented for 51 years. more than 20 years.
Wearing masks, maintaining social distancing, thermal scanning and hand washing are essential.
The Minister of Transport, Bah Dasakhiat Lamare, in his speech, spoke on the safety of drivers and passengers and urged the residents to pay their taxes on time, to follow all the laws and regulations including wearing a seat belt, properly using signals while driving, avoiding the use of mobile phones while driving, and so on.
In her opening remarks, Ms Suchiang said that this meeting between Bangladesh and Meghalaya is useful, where actions can be arranged to talk face to face if there are any issues on the border between Bangladesh and Meghalaya. kine kine that two that Ri.
The UHM has admitted that in 2020 there will be a collaboration with the village authorities but now there is no more, said the UHM. they are still in Darkness.
And if the Sengbhalang takes another path, we will not hesitate to take the decision to leave the list of 13 Sengs, concluded the statement.
The suspects were traveling in three pickup trucks but the suspects stopped one of them. According to police sources, the names of the abductees are Akhirul Islam, the driver. Saiful Islam, Jiarul Islam, Monirul Islam, Mofidul Islam and Anowar Islam while the other three are still unknown.
Referring to the claim that there is a status quo, the Prime Minister said that the government will appeal against it even to the Supreme Court of India, because the government will shall not do anything contrary but shall act in accordance with the rules of law.
The income of the JMB is only from the cleaning fee from the households of the people which is only T.30 tyngka per month per household.
The fact is that many times people have been appointed in temporary offices and later their names have been sent to the selection board for confirmation and after the board has confirmed them they have to get the approval of the Executive Committee and shall confirm the appointment.
According to Louis, the Chief Secretary has promised to take up the issue at the meeting to be held on 31st June which has been invited by the state government to all the members of the political parties. on the Reservation Policy or the Roster System.
The Rangbah Shnong of Lumshyiap, Bah Apphira Khongphai, said that the mother of the child is about 22 years old and is a Garo girl who came to work in a household in Lumshyiap.
Complete change now depends on working together and as one force.
The hard work of teachers will lead to the protection of children from smoking.
From the urban affair, T.3.5 crore has been spent to purchase equipment to spray public places across urban areas in the state and this amount has already been paid.
Myntri Rangbah Duh concluded his speech by congratulating the MPs and urging them to fulfill their duties with confidence.
Kharkhrang said that on the 6th of this month, about 150 bags of non-ferrous scrap, including 51 bags of copper, 34 bags of brass and 60 bags of aluminum, were supposed to be sent to Silchar. The robbers using a Swift robbed the truck and the vehicle was headed to Shillong By-Pass.
The Board will take all these issues to the Central Government to hear what the people of this area have to say.
Sohan Bhattacharjee scored the first hat-trick in the Top
However, the Central Government has recognized and authorized the Khasi and Garo languages ​​as the central languages ​​in the state which can be used to write or speak in government affairs since The State Legislature has decided to recognize the Khasi and Garo languages ​​as the official languages, except for English.
All this has led to a mindset that cannot be stopped by us drivers to the point of driving without hesitation even to violate the traffic rules.
According to sources, police have started investigating into the incident.
“It has worried me a lot because the disease that has spread to Meghalaya is due to the Inter-State Influx and the influx of Indians from other States. spirit of foreigners.
This salary increase will take effect from 1st July
Other training in the law is handicraft training and this helps them to stand on their own feet because the handicraft equipment is running well, and another training is computer training. they did not send them to these teachings.
Speaking to reporters, some of the drivers who turned to the office of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) and did not want to be named said that the CEO of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) has explained that the closure of The Maxi Cab to enter Police Bazar and Motphran is only a trial for nine days and if this trial does not work, the Shillong Municipal Board will issue another order.
The KSU has also gone to Delhi to inform and ask for assistance.
Speaking to media after the Cabinet meeting, the Chief Minister said that today they discussed the proposal to introduce amendments to the MRSSA and the After the discussion, it was sent back to the relevant department for approval and will be brought back to the Cabinet before being approved.
Shillong, July 06: The Education Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Achick National Movement (HANM) on Tuesday said that it is regrettable that the Meghalaya government allocates only 30 tyngka per patient per day for those who go to bed. There are no government health centers in the state.
The complaint was sent to the Ministry of Home Affairs through the MP of Shillong Parliamentary Constituency. The complaint was signed by the Acting Syiem of Raid Hoppati, Kharpati, Ri Bhoi District. The Raids also had three chiefs.
All those who have applied for this post are urged to check the website of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare from time to time for the latest information. according to the announcement from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
The Government has received 480 applications for the construction of houses and the Government has already approved for 75 houses at a cost of T.7.1 crore.
The original homeland of these Tibeto-Burman speakers is Western China and from there they entered India and Burma.
With the experience gained from the implementation of the Universal Immunization Program (UIP) and the conduct of nationwide vaccination against diseases such as measles-rubella (MR) and adult Japanese encephalitis (JE). campaign, necessary steps have been taken to vaccinate the sections of society that urgently need the Covid-19 vaccine such as health workers, those working in Covid fields and those over 50 years of age.
Bah Roykupar Synrem, Chief Executive Member of the Seng, took part in the inauguration of the new members of the Executive Committee.
The JAC has given 10 to 12 days to the State Government to complete the construction of this road which has severely affected the traffic and color of the people of East Jaintia Hills District.
However, the Sordar of Mawmaram, Bah Sherbor L Mawlong, who came with the people to protest against the opening of the shop, said that the area where the shop is located falls under the jurisdiction of the Mawmaram. Mawmaram, where the village strongly opposes the existence of such liquor shops inside the village.
He also spoke on the need to promote indigenous seeds from the state and also to provide assistance on pesticide-free farming.
According to the rules, the carrying of coal is 9 MT, Dr Mukul said whether there is a truck carrying 9 MT, the opposition leader has warned the officers who help the government and it is only God. The Congress party will not hesitate to appeal to the Central Government.
Shillong, Nailur 02: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, on Tuesday said that those workers involved in malaria are part of the program of the central government. Speaking to SP News Agency, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek said that he has sent a letter to the Additional Chief Secretary of the State Government. to write to Delhi regarding this matter.
Shillong, Nailur 18: Chandra Mohan Jha, Vice Chancellor of CMJ University, has surrendered to the police at Sardar Police Station, Shillong. Jha will visit the office of the Investigation Department at 11 am.
In a statement issued by the police, only the name of the four persons was given as Bah Sansharbha Makdoh, 24, from Umroi village in Ri Bhoi District.
Shah said more than 500 laboratories across the country will certify the quality of soil and chemical-free agricultural products.
The meeting was also attended by the Acting Chief of Mawsynram Hima, President of Raid Sawsymper, President and Secretary of Mawsynram Zone Village Authority.
The KSU Laskein Circle urges the government and the relevant authorities to take action so that the construction of this bridge can resume so that it will be convenient for the people of this area.
The Chief Minister has congratulated the Social Welfare Department for providing the Mobility Vehicle from Chennai. the chief minister of the state.
Shillong, Naiwieng 07: The Hill Farmer Union (HFU) extends its condolences to the wife and children, family and friends of Warton Lytan, former President of the Hill Farmers Union (HFU).
"Dear MIAs, remove the party and government feelings but do something immediately for the urgent needs of the state, if you don't do anything if the indigenous people are overwhelmed one day you have to give an account and take responsibility. .
: Officers of the Customs (Preventive) Headquarters, Shillong on Tuesday seized four cow bones weighing 27.992 kilos from Biswanath Chariali village, Assam. to Hati from India.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister gave special praise to Bah Dest Marwein who is a coal trader who after the ban on coal has turned to lemon grass planting. It was possible to make it what it is today because of the efforts of this man.
Earlier, Swami Divyaswarupananda Maharaj, Assistant Secretary Ramakrishna Mission, Shillong welcomed all those who attended the event and Vairagya Chaitanya Maharaju expressed his gratitude.
He also recalled the steps taken by the Seng to open the Maitshaphrang MMA and Fitness Team in Nongthymmai as one of the programs to provide training to the youth in the field of physical education and also to develop the youth in the field of physical education. she doesn't play.
At the same time, he requested the Government authorities to send the relief to the owners of the houses as soon as possible.
The arrest of these two women was on suspicion of involvement in the smuggling of Yellow Cake, which is uranium from which 1.5 kg was seized.
According to Uma Shankar Mishara's information to the Government on 29th November 1999, 84 days before the hijacking, the letter was sent to the Chief Secretary of the Government of Meghalaya.
The complaint will be sent to the Ministry once the new government is formed in Delhi,” Marak said.
He was a good orator, who could easily turn his rhetoric into great good cause, he had an unusual quality in which he could connect with people effortlessly, giving encourage them to be strong in faith and for good works.
He said that the union demands that the government should implement the Agriculture Policy for the farmers, the Crop Insurance for the farmers. the Minimum Support Price or to follow the price of agricultural products and also to forgive the debt of the farmers.
At this meeting, it was decided to build police stations and the construction of them will be phased and the government will also award the Chief Minister's Police Medal and the Chief Police Medal. Minister's Disaster Response Recognition Medals" to encourage them as well as government employees.
For those who intend to marry, up to T.2,50,000/- is allowed to be withdrawn from banks from the account of the woman and the man is also allowed to withdraw T. 2,50.000/- and when withdrawing this amount they should present their pan card.
In this sadness of his passing, we are now busy with his family to prepare for the last rites according to the Sikh custom and the last rites at his residence in Shillong and in Your village in Punjab,” Singh said.
He said that since 2019 , the present government has taken a decision in the House regarding the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit The Khasi language in the fifth schedule has been sent to the Central Government for implementation.
On the other hand, the KSU has seen that foreign traders have not sent goods to Bangladesh today and on the roads, trucks have not stopped to go to Bangladesh.
At the same time, the HYC Mawlai Circle demands that the government should take action to set up a permanent campus for the dispensary, said HYC Mawlai Circle General Secretary Bashan Lyngdoh Mawnai in a statement.
In his speech, Bah Erwin K Syiem Sutnga, Chairman of the MJAC, said that the government has not done anything since the Supreme Court has handed down its verdict on 03rd November
The National Skills Development Mission aims to train more than 30 crore people in India in various skills through well-designed jobs.
On the other hand, we will not rest because the complaint we have lodged has not been implemented and the trucks are running smoothly as usual,” said Bah Marshall.
The theme of the month of April is Food Happiness.
Shillong, Nailar 14: On the first day of the curfew called by the HNLC, many vehicles were parked especially private vehicles.
He said that Meghalaya will become a peaceful state.
However, now the Central Government has sent him to gather the political parties to talk to the political parties and to discuss, the Central Government has now understood and its wishes are other areas that they On the MRSS Act, the Prime Minister said that they have spoken at the meeting with the people to understand the views of the people on the CAB. The purpose of the amendment to the Act is to give more powers to those who enter and leave the state and to know when they will stay.
He said that the Dorbar Shnong has urged the Police Department to strengthen the Women Police Cell at Mawryngkneng Police Station and the Driving Police to curb speeding to avoid accidents. to the crowd in the street.
Achik demanded that the government should make Tura the second capital of the state. On the other hand, the party relies on what the Chief Minister said. groups to be held in all districts.
The BJP firmly believes that the cooperation and relationship between the Central Government and the State Government has also resulted in various ways of working in the North East as a whole.
The Chief Minister has discussed the issue with the Central Government in Delhi. As there is a misunderstanding, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare should clarify the issue in this regard.
Shillong, Nailur 12: The Rangbah Shnong of Nongjri, South West Khasi Hills District today informed that the Dorbar Shnong has decided to close the Nongjri Market from today until today. Thread.
“We express our full support to MAWU on their strike and we cannot fail to congratulate and thank the ASHAs for their selfless work in their areas of work especially we must not forget How they speak during the time of Covid-19, they are the ones who are at the forefront of the fight against this disease.
The competition was held in 2019 where tens of thousands of youths applied for 1015 police posts including 41 UB (unarmed branch) sub-inspector posts and 268 posts. who acts UB constable.
Speaking to the rich people of the country, Gadkari said that the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has set a target for them to build roads in the country. It is the first part, like roads and streets and corruption will have no place because nothing is done when it is hot.
He said this was after the State President of the BJP, Bah Ernest Mawrie, had suspended the MLA of Pynthorumkhrah Constituency, Bah AL Hek, who is also a Minister of State, from sending a letter to the Prime Minister. The names of Bah Shangpliang and Bah M.Kharkrang were nominated.
Two months after the closing ceremony, the State Government has declared the 22nd July as a Government Holiday.
Dr Lamar also urged the pharmacists not to sell any kind of medicine without the direction of the doctor.
On the other hand, the CEM has spoken to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma. The truck has been received from the Chief Minister's Development Funds for the year 2023-2 The EM in charge of the market will be appointed in the coming days.
The chief guest at the Maitshaphrang Award was Samla Donald V. Thabah General Secretary of KSU and the Chief Guest was URgh.Phelenstar Rani who is the President of Tyrsad Area Sport Association. CUP).
The school principals have lodged a complaint with the DSEO office in West Khasi Hills District which has not done anything yet for the students. when it rained, school was held in the teachers' room.
At the meeting, it was decided to hold a public hearing on this issue in Shillong and in other cities of other districts in the state and after that they will get the opinion of the people as well.
They all drove where they couldn't see.
Shillong, Lber 24: U Dr Sudhir Kumar of the National Institute of Hydrology Rourkee on Tuesday visited the area where people are allowed to enter the coal mine at Ksan in East Jaintia Hills. affair.
In the men's and women's category, the winners were Bah Damehi Kyndiah and Eurica Passah.
It was on this day that the people of this country gave themselves independence from the hands of foreigners and India became an independent country.
He said that when we serve the nation, we also serve God, so we must be holy and serve the country and the nation.
“Mri Rangbah Duh said that the responsibility of the Government has increased threefold because the people have elected this Government three times.
There are two tourism projects in this area, one at Pdang Shnong Iew and one pond in the middle of the village. If the party receives the RTI, it will appeal to the court.
Wapung, Naiwieng 27: The two Dorbar Shnongs, Wapungskur and Wapungshnong, East Jaintia Hills, have expressed their gratitude to Bah Justine Dkhar, MLA, who is also the Minister of Foreign Affairs. Leader of 6th Khliehriat, LA Constituency on the hard work of body and soul to relocate the Khliehriat C&RD Block to the Wapung area by renaming it as Wapung C&RD Block.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The Principal Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, RM Mishra, in his opening remarks, said that the three-day training on the need to know the project He said that Meghalaya is rich in all aspects, but most of the people are poor.
This will transform the media industry and provide good support to small groups working in the media industry that do not have a large platform to gather information.
Tura, Jymmang 20: Police in Garo Hills today arrested a suspected extortionist from Catholic schools in Ampati.
Schemes and initiatives include Global Hope: Vaccine & Yoga; LightSource; Space Power; Digital India; Skill India; Start-up India; Sound India; Armed India, New India; Powering India; Prime Minister's Housing Scheme and Life Mission.
Shillong, Lber 06 : The Seng Khasi Nongmynsong, today, 6th October 2022, has concluded its 100th Anniversary Shad Suk Mynsiem, which was held at Urkaliar Square.
Speaking to reporters after leaving the secretariat, the President of the party, Bah Paul, said that they have come twice to meet the Chief Secretary but he has said that he has no leadership. to meet.
Six events were held on the opening day including the 1500 m race where Skehmlang Suba won the gold medal after winning the gold medal. Dabit Dkharu finished second in 4:04:7, followed by Dabit Dkharu who finished second in 4:08:9, while Banjoplang Wanniang finished second in 4:08:9 he finished the race in 4:09:0
Shillong, July 01: The results of the SSLC, Matriculation and HSSLC Arts results will be announced on July 13,
But that is exactly what happened as the left-arm orthodox Aryan, playing only his fifth first-class match, bamboozled the opposition batters, four of whom he bowled through the gate.
Shillong, Iaiong 16: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Central Executive Council (KSU) through its Education Cell has extended its best wishes to the students of the Jaitbynriew who will sit for various examinations especially those who will sit for the SSLC and the HSSLC of
In case of examinations, during the curfew and restrictions on traffic, the University authorities will discuss with the Education Department of the State Government.
The youths who come to take part in this rally should be between the ages of 20 and 25 years and should not be older.
He said that the NOC should be decided by the Executive Dorbar and not by the Rangbah Shnong. The NOC should be signed by the Rangbah Shnong and the Secretary Shnong.
The deadline for submission of nominations is 12/07/2
The AMTT has alleged that the allegation that there is a lack of money from various groups in Meghalaya is not new. The implementation of the policy has been suspended because it is not only in this state that there are many thew areas.
On the other hand, the Chief Electoral Officer of the State, P.Naik, said that he cannot say anything yet as he will have to wait for the report of the Returning Officer and the punishment will be according to the report. through the Returning Officer.
Heads of HDFC Bank who were present on the occasion said that the opening of branches of HDFC in Garo Hills will benefit the people when there are banks and it will be easier to work especially in Garo Hills. rural areas that still have many problems.
“We hope that by doing this, we will be able to provide employment opportunities to the youth in the city and the opportunity to work with people from all over the world.
Tuber Naitung 21:The annual Behdieñkhlam Tuber festival which started on the 18th of this month has ended today amidst the festivities which has delighted many churches who came to witness at the this day with the presence.
The people who go for treatment in government health centers are the poorest of the poor who have more money and go to other non-government health centers because they are better.
This change is also a sign of India's strength as we move forward as a country while standing firm on the foundation of our Constitution.
When the song was taken to the BSF camp and opened, it was found that there were masks, juti and when the market price of these items was calculated, the value of the seized items amounted to T. lakh rupees.
Notice should not be given in the form of a message.
JHADC MDC Awhai Andrew Shullai was welcomed to the TMC in the presence of Dr. Manas Ranjan Bhunia, State President Charles Pyngrope, Trinamool Congress Legislative Party. Leader of the Opposition is Dr. Mukul Sangma.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: Under Section 135 B of the Representation of People Act 1951, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, SC Sadhu has declared a public holiday on 27/2/2 day of voting.
During the ceremony, the athletes also showcased their talents.
She said that her allegation during the elections in connection with the CBI case is still under investigation and the court has not yet taken any decision.
Such a special training center for the Indian Army, in the eastern part of India, the Umroi Army Base is the first to have such a training centre. There is a shading area where it has been able to invite troops from all over the world to come and train at this place.
Other crops brought to the exhibition include jhur from all over Ri Khasi Jaintia and from Garo Hills cashew nut, sohmarit shet jyntah and other jhur produced from Garo Hills. .
According to the latest news received by the SP News Agency, the three leaders have left for Delhi today and it is understood that they will meet with the AICC leaders tomorrow. today in Delhi.
In Amlarem, Mr. S Mukhim; Dr.C Lyngdoh, Mawshynrut Administrative Unit, KC Khyriem, Parliamentary Secretary, David Nongrum, Chairman, Meghalaya Tourism Development Corporation; in Shangpung District by Bah Robinus Syngkon, Parliamentary Secretary.
The union will continue to follow up on this issue and will soon meet with the officers of this department on this issue so that the victims of the storm and cyclone can get assistance.
Shillong, Nailar 18: The Hill Farmers Union (HFU) under the leadership of its President and General Secretary has expanded its offices across the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 7: The increase in the price of petrol by two tyngka is meaningless, on Tuesday.
On the other hand, the UDP under the leadership of Bah Bindo M Lanong, Dr Jemino Mawthoh and Donbok Khymdeit have met with Dr DD Lapang to discuss the issue. to work together for the good of the state as a whole.
For example, we have not been able to discuss in the Hima Dorbar the issues raised by the Forest Conservation Act 1980, which prohibits the opening of timber factories except in one Industrial Estate throughout the country. The destroyed Hima has banned the trade of many of the villagers, while many of those who get those industrial estates are benami or foreigners.
This is the main reason why the State Government has left the state government alone for 10 years or even spent the money without being able to use it for the benefit of the people. There is no assistance to many of the people who come to need this area.
Balsan died at a government hospital on 20th June on charges of being one of those involved in the injury to the girls and Witson died at the hands of Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills Pravin Bakshi said, “Magistrates and government officials are on duty while other government offices are in short supply. good ones who get to work.
The victim is currently undergoing treatment at NEIGRIHMS Hospital, Shillong.
In the final of the featherweight 54-57kg, Services beat Railways.
Shillong, Naiwieng 25: There are 14 new cases of COVID-19 in Shillong today, 8 cases from East Khasi Hills, 4 cases from West Khasi Hills and 4 cases from West Khasi Hills. There are 339 people in the country.
Shillong, July 22: The Chairman of the National Commission for the Protection of Child Rights (NCCI) Priyank Kanoongo today said that the District Councils can prosecute cases of rape under the Protection of Child Rights Act. of Children from Sexual Offenses (POCSO), 2012.
According to Nasscom research.
The union has found that the building has remained vacant until now and this is the reason why the PWD has not handed over the building to the Directorate of Educational Research and Training (DERT) for full implementation.
During the meeting, the Superintendent of Food and Supply of the District was not able to verify the existence of these Chakki Mills. However, DC Pooja Pandey has asked the NKU leaders to conduct an inspection to find out the truth.
Shillong, July 11: Announcing the news to the officers and heads of hospitals at a meeting today, the Director of NEIGRIHMS has congratulated the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Government of India for the donation. These 301 posts for nurses will be in the first phase of the creation of posts and more will be available in the coming months. years to come.
The leaders of the Adventurers will continue the food distribution across the areas of Shillong which have not been able to access the food items until 14th June 2020 on the end of the curfew.
John D Sangma General Secretary of the party said that besides the petition, they also talked to the MLA to upgrade the Upper Primary School in Borsora to a Secondary School. prevent children from dropping out of school.
Dr Mukul Sangma's absence from the handover ceremony of MPCC President from Dr Celestine Lyngdoh to Vincent H Pala was held at the State Headquarters today. Not only Dr Mukul Sangma but all the Congress MLAs from Garo Hills were killed.
Assam Police Biki Pegu and Ranjit Muchahary talked to KSU members led by General Secretary Leningrad Tariang and other members. only on this day.
There are about 6 teachers who have been appointed on contractual basis and the Government has not yet taken action to appoint full time teachers.
With the support of these two MLAs, the NPP-led party has 26 NPP, 2 BJP, 1 Independent and 31 HSPDP MLAs. Rambrai Jyrngam also expressed his support to the government.
The strike started on 08/12/2020 and continued today at the same place where they started and at the time of writing of this news, the strike continues.
With free screenings of some of the IFFI delegates’ favorite pieces.
In addition, the Nominated Directors of the Department of Housing and Urban Affairs who are on the Boards of Special Purpose Vehicles (SPVs) monitor the progress of works in the cities from time to time.
This road is very important for the people of Ri Bhoi.
On the other hand, the KSU urges the police to arrest those involved immediately and at the same time the Sengka urges the law enforcement authorities not to grant bail to these robbers if they are arrested, said the statement.
I didn't hide and I was sick when my own children were arrested.
Qualy Suiam is the third son of Hilda Saioo and (L) Oral Rabon of Mootyrshiah West Jaintia Hills. He has 2 sons, one daughter and 2 grandchildren.
The goal was scored by Parimal Sarkar who came on late in the second half.
Shillong, July 26: Two organizations, CSWO and TUR, today launched a Signature Campaign against the violence against women. Governor V Shanmuganathan alleged that the Governor of the State V Shanmuganathan had tried to drag one of the children to look for work.
ILP is one of the protection measures we still need many protection measures and the strengthening of the Dorbar Kur, Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raid and Dorbar Hima will be one of the protection measures to strengthen the demand for ILP. The Government of India should remember that the need for ILP is that the Hima Khasi States or the Federation of Khasi States have not signed the Instrument of Merger to date because they have signed only the Instrument of Accession. The Agreement was approved and signed by the Governor General of India, Shri C Rajagopalachari, on 17th August
With this victory, Shillong Lajong have six points and will travel to Kolkata to play on the 9th of this month against Kingfisher East Bengal.
In protest against the attack on the youths of this area in Delhi, NESO on the 14th of this month will hold a sit-in in front of the Governor's House of Assam.
The Chief Minister said in the House that the MDA government has taken steps to resolve this issue by talking to the MTPC on the social agreement as the rules are unfounded.
He said the NLFT (SD) Social Agreement was signed in April, 2019 to bring back the refugee members to the society in Tripura which has helped to make Tripura a peaceful state.
He echoed the views of the former Prime Minister, Atal Bihari Vajpayee who said, “Insaniyat, Jammu and Kashmir” for Jammu & Kashmir. to empower all, clean cooking system for all, water supply for all, sanitation for all, skill training for all, health for all, insurance for all and connectivity of everything.
Chief Minister Symbut Prestone Tynsong, Water Supply Minister Reniktone L Tongkhar and Land Minister Kyrmen Shylla will attend the ceremony. During the visit, they will meet with the families of the victims and provide assistance.
According to the CAG's report on Transport on page 37, the government has given permission to open 13 weight bridges and 8 of them are operational. The meeting was held at the office of the Commissioner of Transport.
When I saw and discovered with my own eyes when I arrived inside the village I witnessed many parts until I had to buy Umbam Umdih from other places.
On the other hand, he will talk to the Ministry of Culture and Heritage of India to build a museum in this village by using modern resources to better understand the culture and traditions. of the region.
Jowai, Jymmang 26: The AJYWO Central Body has expressed its anger against MeECL for the lack of electricity supply in Jaintia Hills which has affected the people and especially the school children.
Any doctor working in any District of the North East Region can take part in the Training Program which will be held at NEIGRIHMS on
“Immediately, a search was conducted for the missing person within the boundary of Cantonment Beat House and in the surrounding areas but no trace was found.
During his first visit to the factories in Ri Bhoi District, the Chief Minister was to understand for himself the working conditions of the factories and to understand how they provide employment opportunities. factories are located in the state.
The incident occurred after a public meeting of the KSU to explain the CAA and the ILP demand. meeting.
Vehicles will be closed until 11 pm, while those who wish to leave after the thanksgiving will climb the mountain from 1 pm. 10 o'clock in the afternoon.
The punctuality of trains will also increase in this regard.
Shillong, Jymmang 7: The Commissioner and Secretary of the Revenue Department today said that the government has decided to increase the tax on petrol by two tyngka per litre.
The North Korean government has changed the rules of basketball.
Shillong, March 6: A total of 270 people have been tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 195 in West Garo Hills and 19 in Ri Bhoi. 10, South West Garo Hills 7, East Jaintia Hills 6, North Garo Hills 3, East Garo Hills 1, South West Khasi Hills 1, West Khasi Hills 1 The total number of cases is
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Thursday evening released the football jerseys of the PFR Football Academy Women's Players who will take part in the Women's League Tournament organized by the Shillong Sports Association (SSA). .
Other speakers at the meeting were Additional Chief Secretary, Agricultural Production Commissioner, KN Kumar, Registrar of Cooperative Societies, Meghalaya, Shillong, Arunkumar Kembhavi, Managing Director, Meghalaya Village Development and Promotion Tourism. Cooperative Society Ltd.
These persons were recruited in Mission Mode by the Government departments themselves or through recruitment through bodies like UPSC, SSC and Railway Recruitment Board.
The purchase of these Sanitizer Dispensers has cost T.2.72 lakh. The meeting was attended by representatives of all religious groups and was distributed to the public at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall Mawkhar.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed 2 new cases of COVID-19 in the country today, bringing the total number of cases since the beginning of the outbreak to 96,7
He said that all this is due to the lack of understanding of the ways and means of cleaning the waste from our homes.
The Cabinet will meet again on Tuesday next month to take a decision whether to approve or reject the proposal regarding MeECL as the government will take any decision. always taken for the good of the state as a whole.
The State will now celebrate its 50th Anniversary and the country as a whole will celebrate its 95th Anniversary of Independence.
The highest collection rate in June 2023 was witnessed on a single day on 20 June 2023.
According to the customs and traditions that have existed since ancient times before the birth of the District Council, the Hynniewtrep people have empowered the Daloi, Syiems and Sirdars to be the rulers of Elaka and Hima.
The union wants the Prime Minister to take action by appointing the Minister in charge of MHRD, Prakash Javadekar, who is also the President of the National Institute of Open Schooling. NIOS) society to discuss with the Chairman of NIOS on this issue.
On the other hand, the audience has expressed their appreciation for the film.
“How can the law not punish such people?” said Ohibait Dkhar, President KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit.
Police have started searching for the perpetrator of the crime and the investigation is ongoing to arrest the killer.
Two persons died on the same day after eating tid while four others died in hospital in Lamin village in West Jaintia Hills District.
The President of India said that let us spread love, unity in society by taking from this teaching of Jesus for the development of the country.
This was acknowledged by the Vice Chancellor (VC) of NEHU, Prof. Prabha Shankar Shukla and said that the implementation of the NEP will benefit the youth of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Nailur 6: The JSU has expressed its deep sorrow and strongly condemns the corruption of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma. from the Government of India to implement the ILP in the state.
: the mutka is the short word of the star;
In his speech, Bah Sony Khyriem said, “We have only one country, let us protect it.” Other speakers were Bah Heipor Pariat, Bah Augstar Jyrwa, all of whom are former leaders of the KSU. Shillong, November 30: At the end of 2018, we will celebrate the 71st anniversary of the agreements between the Government of India and the Hima 25 Khasi States, which the Government of India has not fulfilled its promises. “It is taking advantage of the lack of information of the people and especially the lack of many former and present leaders including many MPs,” said John Kharshiing Chairman, Dorbar Chief Executive Members of Ri Hynniewtrep.
To improve it, we need experts to come together to see what can be done in this area.
It is learned that these two men went to hide in a tree during the rainy season and at that time they fell asleep and died shortly afterwards in this incident. unfortunately.
From Tura, Purno A Sangma of the NPP and Darly CH Momin of the Congress have contested one-on-one.
Shillong, Naitung 16: Nongumbar is a village with only 25 households on the border with Bangladesh in South West Khasi Hills District. .
These Regional Committees have decided to meet again next month.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Himalaya Shangpliang said, “This meeting I led with these officers of the Water Resources Department Shane shar Dangar is that the entire border area has not received any assistance from this department”.
Police have recovered several weapons such as an AK-47 rifle, bullets and many other weapons.
In Meghalaya and Nagaland, Anil Antony has been appointed as co-incharge, and given the task of strengthening the BJP so that it can strengthen its relationship with the people.
There are 1537 villages in the district, of which 749 have received roads and 788 villages have not yet received roads.
At this meeting, the DEO handed over the election documents to the political parties identified as National and Regional parties for their information.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly and MLA, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said that various development schemes of the Central Government including MNREGS have helped a lot. It is necessary to improve the income of the people of the country especially those living in the rural areas.
Speaking to reporters, the Director of Skill Development, RM Kurbah, said that the reason why they could not reach the village was because they arrived at 3:30 pm in Mawkaphan and when they tried to reach Kenmynsaw, they were killed. suffering because of the snow on the rocks.
Jowai, Nailur 29: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF-WJR) has strongly condemned the MEeCL for turning off the lights every day. We don't know why the state government through its employees in charge of electricity are fighting for their Matric examination. This has affected the working methods of offices, schools, and other necessary areas such as typing, Xerox, and the MeECL department has not taken action to Ialam G Syngkrem Secretary of JYF-WJR said that the government's expenditure on JYF-WJR The construction of the Damp at Leshka Hydel Project at a cost of hundreds of crores of rupees has been a shame to the state because the state government knows that it provides electricity to other neighboring states like Assam and Tripura but to Lajong. “The light outage every day is the hatred and insult of MEeCl to the students who are open,” said the leader. They are still preparing for their selection exam.
On the complaint of Bah Rymbui, police have arrested Bah Loius, 41, who is still in police custody and the investigation is ongoing to find out the facts. the police report.
Sanjay Lohiya, Additional Secretary, Ministry of Mines, said the ministry is focusing on increasing the exploration of mineral resources in the country and the auction of mineral blocks. .
Shillong, Jymmang 21: U Bah Titostatwerll MDC of Dohra today sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma urging the government to implement the government's dewbilat factory. Cherra Cement Limited has been established in Sohra.
Kitbok Dhar, 20, resident of Lumbehkhla Nangbah, son of Tip Dhar, has been missing since 5th June. 2014 at about 9 pm and until now he has not been found.
According to a statement sent by the police, these people have submitted a letter of demand for T.15000/- tyngka on 26/10/2 Today, the police who were at the scene when they arrived have arrested them.
The vendors welcomed the Minister by giving them 10 bags of jhur and soh as a sign of appreciation for his presence.
In a statement, Bah K Rumnong, General Secretary of the Union, said that they will continue to continue their strike.
In a letter sent, he praised the government for taking many measures to fight against the COVID-19 pandemic, in which the people have also cooperated with the government's directives. and now it has been three days since the people have obeyed what the government has announced.
This village is well known in the state and in some parts of India, for its cleanliness and especially during the Christmas season, it is a time that attracts people from all over the country. The state has decided to visit this village especially when the sky is dark, because since a few years ago, only in this village has been able to witness the Christmas celebration which lasts all year round, by installing electricity. and there were forty lights in all the city.
Other speakers at the meeting were Dr Eureka L Mawlong, Father Herodes Principal of the school, SDO Civil FM Lakiang.
When they reached Bajangkona village near Sibari in Gasuapara, the militants escaped and in this incident four policemen lost their lives.
Earlier, Prime Minister Narendra Modi inaugurated the GMIS 2023 and laid the foundation stone for 21 projects worth Rs 18,800 crore and signed 34 MoUs worth Rs 3.24 lakh crore. open meeting.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani said that the government is ready to improve the road in Diengpasoh New Shillong. The Land Composition because the village has not issued the NOC, the necessary documents.
The HYC demands and warns all the MDCs that the money through SAS should reach the people and not in the accounts of anyone as before.
It is to be recalled that on Friday, Assam Police from West Karbi Anglong District raided Madan Umwang village to stop the construction funded by the Sericulture Department of the State Government and threatened to arrest and punish. to Bah Blikshon Mukhim, Rangbah Shnong of Umwang Square.
Shillong, March 24: The Sub Divisional Magistrate of Sohra Civil Sub Division, Sohra has enforced Section 144 CrPC to prohibit individuals or groups from quarrying stone or shyiap from the Umiam and Thariaghat rivers. along the river and 100 meters on both sides of the river.
On the other hand, Dr Shullai expressed her regret over the delay in the cases in the courts despite the existence of Fast Track Courts.
He said that the permit issued to these vehicles is to operate in the villages and they can go to the city only to pick up passengers and go back to carry passengers to the place where they left.
The need of the hour is to recognize and encourage such people.
The Rangbah Shnong of Mawiongrim, Bah Sorbar L Nongpiur, said that the Shnong does not allow anyone to sell at Ryndangbriew View Point. they will leave this place.
Not only that, a free medical treatment was also conducted for the people living in the Umkiang area.
According to the petition submitted to the Minister, the union has requested the Ministry of Agriculture to revive the Sohniamtra cultivation in the Riwar area, to set up a food processing industry. Soh Phan, Soh Trun and others, to help convey to the Government the problems of the synsar farmers due to the sharp drop in price compared to previous years. noh, to help the farmers to market their produce on the border by building markets as it was in the past.
Shillong, July 27: U Bah HS Shylla has visited Majai to discuss the issue of the Khasi Hills District Council (KHADC). In his speech, Bah Shylla said that it is sad to see that the office of the Hima which should have been built has been sold to the people. non-nationals are prohibited from buying land.
Finally, he said that the invitation for applications is only for Class XI students and only 50 forms will be issued daily from Science, Commerce and Arts streams.
Bah B Shylla, DAO of the District, welcomed the guests.
Participants will look at trade opportunities, build relationships in these fields and this will pave the way for the development of economic cooperation and promote economic development.
Shillong, July 31: Police of Williamnagar Police Station on the night of 30/1/2024 received a tip that there are strange objects in Bolkinggre Forest under Asiangre village.
During their two-day visit to Shillong, they met with all political parties to discuss how to conduct a smooth election, they met with all the Deputy Commissioners of the four districts, government officials. and all the departments of the Central Government in the State.
The meeting was concluded with the words of PC Sharma, Director (Compliance), DoT, North East LSA, Shillong.
The tournament started on the 24th of this month and ended today in the final match between Hame Shaniah Suiam of India from Meghalaya and Hus Hassan Imad Haear from Iraq.
Shillong, November 20: U Minister of State, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, who is also the MLA of Khliehriat Constituency, inaugurated the bridge on Iapmala Suchen Road in the presence of the Deputy Commissioner, Bah FM Dopth.
Members of the KSU have seized the vehicle to investigate the movement of these people.
On the other hand, she welcomes the decision of the government to implement the way bridge because what the government is doing is for the benefit of the people.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government has no intention of talking to the civil society groups who are fighting for the ILP in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Naitung 05: U Bah Kitborlang Nongrem, Chairman of the Ranikor Civil Sub Division Demand Committee (RCSDDC), on Tuesday congratulated the MDA government led by Conrad K Sangma as the Chief Minister of Meghalaya. The Ranikor Administrative Unit has been upgraded to a Ranikor Civil Sub Division, which will be opened on the 10th of this month.
The release of the “Sengol” reminds us of the feeling on 15th July
Shillong, Iaiong 06: The Chairman of the Joint Action Committee for Deficit School Teachers in the State, Susan Syiem, on Tuesday said that they will suspend the strike as the number of COVID-19 cases in the state is still increasing.
On the 9th of this month, an attempt was made by unidentified persons to set fire to a truck in the area and the residence of the employees of the university.
Shillong, Nailur 28: Along with the rest of the world, Meghalaya has celebrated World Tourism Day in the presence of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma. State Convention centre.
In her speech, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh said that the state is facing a shortage of doctors and she and the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare will talk to the Chief Minister. to purchase more seats for doctoral studies at the specialized level.
The ceremony was held on the 21st July at the Administrative Block in Khyndailad. Government Ministers including the Principal Secretary to the Prime Minister, Prestone Tynsong, Leader of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Khyndailad, were also present. Dr Mukul Sangma, incumbent MLAs including former Speakers, former MLAs and retired officers of the Assembly who were invited by the incumbent Speaker, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh.
'Kyndit, ieng joit ne jot syndon thiaw' Likewise, Soso Tham said that the country will once again rise again if we follow and respect the customs and religion as followed and taught. in accordance with your longshwa.
The Seng would like to ask the government why the government has not launched a CBI investigation into the incident in Mookhep, the shooting death of 4 Khasi by Assam Police in Langpih, the recent killing of another elderly man. in Block 2, the murder of Poipynhun Majaw in Khliehriat.
He said that the Dorbar has monitored the work by meeting with the officials of the Government of India, and said that the meetings have been encouraging for the fulfillment of the demands of the Chief Executive Members in order to get the Schedule. and a special Council in accordance with the provisions of the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement 17 August
Tura, which used to have a shortage of voters during the elections, has turned out to cast their votes this time.
Shillong, Iaiong 08: To combat the smuggling of cattle from the Meghalaya border to Bangladesh, a joint effort has been launched between the state police and the BSF to curb the smuggling of cattle.
He said this is by bringing traditional medicine forward within it with the aim of building scientifically proven health systems to improve the lives of people, to have a healthy body and happy thoughts.
However, this morning, the PWD department has sent the Maharal to come and sign and allow the village to build the footpath.
“It is not necessary to say that many of the villagers do not know foreign languages. To understand and know what the state government has to offer to the people, it should announce publicly in writing. in Khasi language.
Mairang, Naitung 04: As part of the promotion of education through the use of technology, the office of the Block Development Officer, Mairang C&RD Block, Mairang today held a program to distribute M- Tab under the Chief Minister's Digital Learning Aid Scheme for Class XI students for the year 2022-2
Speaking at the meeting, the NPP leader said that the party will be one of the parties that has a good role in forming the government in Mizoram after the elections. The party members have to work hard for the upcoming elections in the state.
In a statement released to the media, it was said that this decision was taken at a meeting of the Central Executive Committee held recently at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall Shillong.
The cows and people have been handed over to the police for further investigation.
Congratulating the Chief Minister, Bah Pyniaid said, “It is a pleasure that the Chief Minister, after the meeting on the 28th of July, today we have been able to hand over the The Ambulance to assist the needs of the PHC, which has been serving the residents of the area for 30 years since 1987”.
Indian troops and troops from around the world have now been able to hold a joint exercise at the Umroi Army Base.
“The census in the Hima should be conducted once a year but for seven years the Syiem has not conducted a census even once.
assisted in the installation of 694.5 megawatt power plants and the construction of 10,341.63 Circuit Kilometers of power transmission lines, the construction of 11 Inter-State Bus Terminals (ISBTs) and the improvement of infrastructure at 5 stations. local aircraft.
Regarding this, the CSWO has taken action and lodged a complaint with the Women Commission and lodged an FIR. Police are investigating the incident.
Dr Mukul admitted that the government under his leadership has taken many measures to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners and the government has brought bills in the House. in which it shall be made a law.
The District Administration, in collaboration with the District Disaster Management, PWD, Forest Department and MeECL have cut down the trees that have fallen during the heavy rains.
The Khadar rule is from this village to the Hima or as it is known as the 'lang shi khel' which means that if the matters cannot be decided in the Dorbar Shnong, they will be taken to the Hima without going through anyone. whose raid is Shnat Raid.
In Shillong, it was seen that the people have bought the Lairong flag of the country, some have carried it in vehicles, some have carried it in shops, some have carried it in their homes. This is the time to celebrate the Independence of the country.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, on the occasion, expressed his appreciation for the initiative taken by World Vision India in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnong. It is free to conduct such trainings.
In another development, BSF troops have arrested two Bangladeshis from Kuliang village in East Jaintia Hills.
What has happened is that the state government has already allocated the share of the revenue collected by the district councils to the district councils. funds for District Councils as well as other sources of assistance.
Shah said the Modi Government has done what it should have done and we have not looked at the allocation of funds for the development of the NDRF, training and provision of modern equipment for this group.
On the same day, Dr Sangma also inaugurated the Commerce School at the college.
The briefing also aims to promote healthy eating and showcase the government’s initiatives to tackle malnutrition by promoting healthy eating habits.
This initiative was launched to celebrate the Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav at the IFFI in
“The Dorbar also discussed the letter from the KHADC which informed and invited Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman of the Federation of Khasi States. on behalf of the Dorbar to hold the first meeting of the KHADC Sub-Committee, the 9th KHADC Sub-Committee. The Sub-Committee will discuss the Sixth Schedule Amendment at 11 am on 22nd April 2013 under the chairmanship of Bah PN Syiem, MLA & MDC, CEM. , KHADCThe meeting was attended by Paiem Dr Balajied S Syiem, Chief of Khyrim Hima, Paiem PM Syiemlieh, Chief of Nongkhlaw Hima, Bah H Lyngdoh Ryntathiang, Bah G Mylliemngap, Lyngskor of Khyrim Hima. , Mr. A Kurbah, Mr. Edward Kurbah, Mr. Marbisu Hima Secretary, Mr. Kodin Nongrum, and Mr. Nor Diengdoh, Minister of Sohra Hima, including the Sordars and Rangbah Shnongs.
“Pro Planet people is a movement that unites all nations, every human being and the responsibility to fight climate change.
Answering additional questions, the Minister said the government is ready to appoint full time BDOs in all the blocks in the state.
On the same day, NEEPCO also demonstrated through LED lights on the works done by the NDA government such as the distribution of gas to the poor, the sudden invasion of Indian troops in the area. border to defeat Pakistani insurgents, the issuance of 500 and 1000 notes, assistance to the poor, agriculture, the Swaach Bharat Mission and others.
This was stated by Tanlumbor K.Kharai, Education Secretary, KSU Mawkyrwat Circle.
In a statement sent by the HYC signed by Bah Nickson Dohling, the HYC explained to the public that the purpose of the construction of this road is to mine uranium in the area. The HYC said that the road has been constructed to facilitate the traffic of vehicles of the UCIL company. This is a blessing to the people of this area. This is a misleading scheme of the central government in collaboration with the Congress-led state government.
Acting President, Vice President, Barkos Warjri, Sunshine Warjri (General Secretary) and other Rangbah Kur Shnat have spoken at the meeting. The offices of Pyndeng, Nongbri and Manai.
At this meeting, the residents expressed their concern over the lack of attention of the state government to the farmers, the farmers have lost their right to assistance from the government even the urea fertilizer provided by the CM at the subsidy price of T.282 tyngka. for 50 kg but now they have to buy it for 600 to 700 tyngka.
The decision of the JAC to take part in this rally is to protest against the government's inaction regarding the excessive increase in insurance premiums for commercial vehicles.
At the same time, he said that the Seng is ready to provide assistance to any state residents who wish to come forward to do the trade.
The Minister replied that it is true that the Ranikor Civil Sub Division has been opened.
Leaders of AMWU, including Sony Kharjana as Chairman, President Mira June Maring, have left for Amlarem to hold a meeting to listen to the problems of Asha workers under Padu Dispensary, Amlarem. The meeting discussed that the Asha Benefit Scheme has not been received by the Asha Benefit Scheme since 2015 till now. as well as MMBs.
The IMD has 26 offices across India and these have cooperation in all the areas where these observatories are located, whether it is weather or earthquake measurements. .
Regarding the Citizenship Amendment Bill, known as the Passport (Entry into India) Amendment Rules, 2015 and the introduction of the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill 2016 in Parliament to accept Hindus and Bangladeshis who illegally entered the NE before November
Shillong, July 12: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Thyllaw Border Unit has expressed its deep sorrow and grief over the illegal activities of some people who dared to block the PWD road from Lawbah to Thyllaw which passes through Mawlongbna village.
Referring to the curfew, the Prime Minister said that this is one of the measures to prevent the spread of the disease. you have painted in such places.
Through a letter, the parents demanded that all these unfounded rules should be removed without any rules and that the school should be run smoothly as it has been from the beginning.
Titos said there are constituencies which have been divided like Mawlai, Nongstoin, Mawrynkneng and others.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The residents of Umlyngka village in Kynton Block-3 have not been getting enough water for nearly a month and this has put the residents and the village authorities in trouble.
Major Shweta Pandey will assist the Prime Minister in unfurling the flag of India.
However, farmers who engage in these activities are also requested to follow the guidelines to protect themselves and others from this disease.
At present, the JNV students in Mawsynram have been accommodated in the houses of Mawsynram Block and this has caused problems to the students and now they want the MGCC to order the contractor to expedite the work. that the students will be able to move to the permanent residence.
In Shillong and surrounding areas, the KSU Lummawbah Unit celebrated the Environment Day organized by the Lummawbah Women's Association.
At the end of the session, the World Television Awards will be presented by the Minister of State for Information & Broadcasting, Youth Affairs & Sports, Col.
The construction of the Assembly has been taken over by a company from Uttar Pradesh known as Rajkiya Nirman Nigam Ltd which started work in July last year.
Treiborlang R Suchen said that the party has made it clear that it will not rest and will not listen to the plight of the indigenous people of the state who live on the border and the party will stand firm. on the grounds that Bangladeshis should not be allowed to do whatever they want in the border areas and the party demands from time to time.
During the visit, the meeting was held with the BSF troops and discussed with them regarding the security checkpoints on the border with Bangladesh. .
The employment of youth in these three companies funded through the NEVF for the fiscal year 2022-2023 in Meghalaya is 29 males, 11 females, a total of There are 32 trained personnel and 8 unqualified persons, according to the reply of the Minister in charge of DONER in a letter in the Lok Sabha, G.Kishan ready.
In Shillong, people have joined hands with the Chief Minister to pray on this day by burning candles in their homes to pray and sing and pray for the country and the world as a whole.
Many Khasi were arrested, killed and imprisoned.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: U Dr Mukul Sangma, Leader of the Opposition today said that the employees of MeECL are the employees in charge of the workplace. They have tried to correct and avoid doing anything that may have affected the work of this department.
These employees have worked with the government since 1996 and 1997 and some have worked since 1995, but the year fixed is 2007 and they will be recognized as government employees. until the year
Shillong, Nailar 28: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HANM) today held an emergency meeting to discuss the complaint lodged by the President of HANM East Jaintia Hills District, Bah NC Shadap. decides to temporarily withdraw from the organization pending the investigation.
The new leaders of the Union are President Rikut.
This is the first time that a Prime Minister has visited the state in 30 or 40 years.
MeECL should reduce the bill light during these times when there is no electricity in the area,” said the statement. AJYWO urges MeECL to provide electricity. Otherwise, the lack of electricity in the area will force the union to investigate whether the residents have not paid their bill light from time to time. MeECL has not been able to provide proper electricity supply to the area.
While he was talking, the driver of the Di Picup suddenly stopped the vehicle and hit the forester with the vehicle and fled the scene.
On the other hand, Samla Banpyntngenlang Syiemlieh, President of HITO Shillong City, said that the presence of agencies which do not have proper documents has led to the youths who want to earn money in the country. The State has not received any more and these agencies have discouraged these youths of the State who earn their living from taxi driving.
Pangniang said the party would like to thank the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma for approving the upgradation of Mairang Civil Sub Davison to District status in the state.
Shanborlang is located under the Foundation of St. Francis of Assisi, North East, which is still part of St. Thomas Province, India.
On this occasion, u Bah Lambor urged those present to remember in prayer the leaders of the state so that they can work for the development of the state and to fight against corruption. .
The Assam Rifles Public School Sports Center will be the foundation.
Police on Tuesday arrested a drug dealer identified as Aiyesha Khatoon alias Pahari from ISBT, Mawiong.
According to the tender called by UCIL, the deadline for submission of applications is the 31st of this month for various jobs such as stated in the tender.
The Prime Minister today clarified and confirmed that those students who want to study in the same college do not have to write the CUET examination, only those who want to study in the colleges which run the CUET examination. NEHU will have to write the CUET examination.
The lab is located in Dong Themïew of New Nongstoiñ village on the road to Pyndengrei village on the way to the PHE office. The lab can also obtain reports from this lab, which will make it easier for the people to travel to Shillong and far away.
Therefore, the Union invites and encourages all those who have responsibility to join hands in this work.
On the other hand, the BJP urged the government to bring peace no matter what form peace is necessary.
The AJYWO Sengkmie expresses its deep sorrow over the sudden ban on coal mining and trade in Jaintia Hills especially those from East Jaintia Hills. Green Tribunal in the State of Meghalaya.
Shillong Lajong FC will play against Gokulam Kerala FC on Sunday (19th November, 2023) at 2 pm at the SSA Stadium, Shillong.
The police and municipal authorities in the district should ensure compliance with the safety measures and the State/UT Governments should ensure the responsibility of the officers in charge in this regard.
This was stated by Ohibait Dkhar, President of KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit.
However, the Minister of State has expressed his concern about the evils surrounding the youth.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor expressed his regret that there has been a real decline in the value of society due to the discrimination and insult. of the free will to choose because there is no law to prohibit.
The University authorities have cleaned and disinfected the hostels and examination halls before conducting the examinations.
The Chief Minister's remarks came on the question whether the government is ready to speak in the House. The opposition has said that they will bring up the issue of coal, COVID-1 .
In the technical session, NCPCR expert Paresh Shah spoke on various laws that protect the rights of children.
There has been a joint operation between the police of West Garo Hills and South West Garo Hills to search for the insurgents and in this operation there has been a clash between the police and the GNLA in Salmanpara of South West Garo Hills and in Tochapara West Garo Hills.
At this place, there was also a prayer to invoke the Creator to bless us with health, prosperity and prosperity.
Referring to the UDP, the party alleges that the UDP has been shynprong by pointing fingers at others while ignoring itself, said Bah Nonglong.
The Seng also demands from the Government that if the Government wants to increase its revenue collection so that it can carry out development works in the State, it should take other measures rather than by using make our State a vacant land.
The areas from Umsherpi Bridge to 7mer are Madanriting, Laitkor, Nongkseh, Umlyngka, Lawsohtun, Mawdiangdiang, Diengiong and Siejiong.
Police said that on the body of the deceased there was a tattoo on the right side of the body which read Donboklang with a red tiewkulap. wrote Donbok.
Dr Mukul admitted that there are writings and he can prove this.
On the other hand, the family members of the complainant went to Laitumkhrah police station to ask for the copy. They were surprised to see that the father's name and address were sufficient, but the signature was not his. You don't even have a phone number and this is a stealing job in your name.
“In his speech at the ceremony, Dhankaru told the youth that they should be tolerant of others.
He said that the FoRMLD has sent a statement to the MLA of Pynursla Constituency, Bah Prestone Tynsong, if the maintenance of the Shillong-Dawki road does not succeed, he should step down immediately.
Jowai, Lber 21: The JYF has written to the Minister of State to demand the appointment of an Enforcement Officer at the office of the District Transport Officer in East Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Nailar The 48th Annual Cultural Competition was held on the 20th of Nailar at 3 pm at Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda Cultural Centre, Quinton Road, Shillong. The award winners from various institutions in Shillong and surrounding areas received their awards on this occasion.
The State Government on Tuesday signed a Memorandum of Agreement (MOA) with the KPC Group from Kolkata. to establish a Medical College in Shillong.
Due to the increasing number of revenue collection activities, the JSU has informed the DGP about the emergence of revenue collection gates which affect the farmers and commercial vehicles.
The letter of appointment as Governor of Meghalaya from the President of India was read out by the Additional Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah Hector Marwein.
This statement was sent by the Publicity Secretary.
Prominent among those who filed their nomination papers today are Martin M Danggo and Deborah Ch Marak, Cabinet Ministers.
This has led to the loss of jobs even though they have worked for many years and those who have households have to provide for their children only through the work they do. It also affects them because they don't have a new job even though they have been working for many years.
“At present, there is not a single Special Court to hear cases under the NDPS Act, because the hearings have been pending for years and this has discouraged especially the witnesses and the public to help. “Government departments in the fight against drugs,” he said.
According to the applications received by the office, those who demanded the block are from Siju, Mawsaw, Wahkaji, Jaintia Hills, Nartiang, Wapung and Narpuh, Umden. and We Are Afraid.
If former PM Winston Churchill can do something only after three months before he retires from office through this slogan of keep Britain clean, the time will come for Dr Mukul Sangma. about 4years.
In Shillong, police have been deployed in all villages and places to patrol.
Shillong, March 09: The Shooting Association of Meghalaya (SAM) will hold a 10 meter pistol shooting tournament on the 18th and 19th of March as part of the exhibition. and this judgment is also like a judgment.
He said this has been addressed in the past 10 years with the help of leading policies in Vikas (development) and Virasat (heritage).
As the leader of the Green Club, he has conducted environmental programmes, written a book on Health Education, and received the State Best Teacher award in
Samla Buam is a midfielder and has scored seven goals in the I-League in 2018-2019 for Lajong.
“In fact, the government should have arrested these foreigners who came to trade or work illegally in our state, who have confiscated many job opportunities. from the largest to the smallest, which has affected the employment of the indigenous people and in fact the government should have canceled even those who have received the documents. to allow and encourage the indigenous people, especially the unemployed youth, but the government has not forget about your own people and think now for the good of abroad (Bangladesh)”.
The recruitment will start from 02th to 07th June next month.
We urge the KHADC not to surrender to these selfish people, who want to destroy our Jaidbynriew for their own benefit.
At Sardar Police Station, robbers threw a petrol bomb at the gate and fell on the ground and at Rynjah Police Station, but no casualties were reported.
The suspect was taken to Civil Hospital Shillong and investigation revealed that he was involved in the bomb blast at the NPP office. Investigation is ongoing to arrest him.
He said a joint committee has been set up between the engineers of MeECL and the Public Works Department (PWD) to consider the construction of the bridge at Pung Umïam.
During the meeting, the Chief Minister told the Prime Minister that there should be a residence of the President of India in the North East and that should be in Shillong. Shillong has its own history.
The Controller of Examinations of the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE) Tura, Bah TR Laloo on Tuesday announced the results of the SSLC and Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate (HSSLC) Examinations, 2024 (Arts) Stream will be held on the 24th of this month during working hours.
He said that he will take leave for two days to go home to Bihar.
This Amrit Kaalkan also provides new opportunities to farmers in different areas,” he said.
Speaking to reporters, he said that the electoral council held on 10/Jymmang/2024 has taken a decision and ordered the company to stop polluting the environment. you haven't stopped.
The increase was made on the recommendation of the 6th Central Pay Commission of the Union Government.
Another problem is the lack of timely implementation of these resources for the production of these naturally occurring compounds along with the parts of these living organisms that can be used. bio-agents found in different climates in different parts of India.
The filmmaker said, “The shock comes from his feelings of fear because he has a blindness in his eyes.
In a statement today, the JSU through Finance Secretary Samla Heibormi Symblai expressed its gratitude and special greetings to the people of Jaintia Hills who They joined hands and worked together to implement this job curfew.
This land is covered by this Act.
In the petition, the AYWO also demanded that the government should not repair the roads in Garo Hills such as the road from Tura to Dalu, NH-51, Baghmara to Ranikor. These roads should be improved.
As the people of the area, we cannot ignore what PA Sangma has fought for the people of this area.
However, the party will continue to follow up on this issue until it is resolved.
The important thing now is to have your own name and the government here should not interfere, what the government should do is to provide support to run the market under one name if you cannot doing so will be difficult to market.
This is their refusal to oppose the prime minister.
But, if the country is not secure and its relations with its neighbors and other countries are not orderly, this development may not come.
Shillong, Nailur 29: The High Level Committee (HLC) led by Preston Tynsong, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today said that the government will relocate all 340 households from the metor area. juh bag.
The exhibition and sale also includes other public entertainment activities.
He urged the members of the KSU Pyndensakwang Unit to be prepared and encouraged the members of the KSU Pyndensakwang Unit to say, “God gives trials to those people whom He knows can not allowed.
Shillong, Nailur 07: Speaking to welcome four UDP MDCs from JHADC who joined the BJP today at the BJP office at Bivar Road Shillong, u Bah AL Hek said that In 2023, the BJP will be able to lead the government in Meghalaya.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that India has celebrated 2018 as the Year of Millet, and 2023 has celebrated the International Year of Millet. '2023, he said that the cultivation of krai in the North East is not new but it has been cultivated by the people of this area since ancient times.
Speaking to reporters, he said the government has decided to direct all those doctors to inform the office of the Director Health Services within this month and to appoint them.
Speaking to reporters, MGNSA President T Shabong said that they are sorry for this and said that they have gone to meet with the nurses. The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, has asked the Minister of Health and Family Welfare to discuss the delay in issuing the certificates of these nurses. Their resolution is because there is an FIR against him.
This method of planting trees in the country has been praised by people in factories and NGOs, these trees can be planted even in school areas as well.
Another problem is the lack of land in Lad Mawreng, the land owners are still giving the land for a month and the work has started and the MLA has been led to the site.
Commander Shangpliang urged the officers to call the Secretary at 8974071503 for more information.
Bah PN Syiem said that during this meeting they came to ask about the work of the courts, the work of the Council and other development works in the villages. Assistant Secretary to the Central Government.
Praise also goes to many Dorbar Shnongs who have made arrangements by standing in line to wait for their turn to buy especially at the meat markets.
He said that the program will be conducted in many parts of Meghalaya.
There will be 16 teams taking part in this tournament.
Minister Duh appreciated the support of the women, youth, farmers and the poor for their support to the Viskit Bharat SankalpYatra.
“We have warned this child and not only the drug users that the society has not yet accepted them to do the same to foreign countries,” said Bah Kharlyngdoh.
Shillong, July 06: The examination for the Common University Entrance Test has started with the students who have entered the sixth semester to complete their studies in BA, B.Com and B.Sc. NEHU students have to write the examination at the ion DIGITAL ZONE today. The students have stood in line to reach the examination. They have to write the examination in order to continue their studies further if they pass the examination.
Therefore, the public is requested to comment by e-mail or WhatsApp No.
They will start to investigate whether the money collected has reached the budget of the state government , and also whether these people who come to collect taxes are recognized by the government state.
Replying to a question, the CEO said that the Returning Officer of 1-Shillong (ST) Parliamentary Constituency will look into the matter and take action. .
Speaking of the pollution of the air, trains and roads in the area, it takes hours to travel from one district to another.
He said that because they don't get pension, they don't get other necessities as government employees.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong today said that the government has decided to increase the treatment fee for COVID-19 patients to T.60,000/- through Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) card.
This has been possible because the Central Government has put the welfare of the country first.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: Civil society organizations under the banner of COMSO today honored the invitation of the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui to meet with the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui. to the Secretariat.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Superintendent of Police, Bah HG Lyngdoh, confirmed that Bangladesh troops have rescued Dajied Syiemlieh from Umthied Bynther village. of West Khasi Hills District.
Police have searched the belongings of Manoj Muksor and Vicky Dkhar and recovered two boxes of soap containing powder from the pla of Manoj Muksor. From the pla of Vicky Dkhar, police recovered and seized 34 small rounds of blue powder weighing 1.03 grams.
According to the petition signed by the President and General Secretary of HANM Women's Wing, the police have lodged a complaint against the robbers who burnt down and damaged three offices of the HANM Women's Wing. Government in Nongstoiñ, which took place on 22nd and 23rd November
Shillong, November 26: All banks in Meghalaya, especially in Shillong, today closed down due to a protest against the proposal to set up three banks in the country. only one.
Shillong, July 30: Speaking as the chief guest, Bah PT Sawkmie, former MLA of Mawlai, Shillong, on Tuesday said that he is pleased that the KSU Mawlai Mawtawar has started this work by awarding prizes to The youth as an encouragement to continue to work hard and improve in their studies so that the nation can continue to achieve and improve in education like other states of India.
At this meeting it was understood that all the civil society organizations want the government to implement the Inner Line Permit in the state first and after the implementation of the ILP they will talk about the railway line in this protest. Many KSU leaders have been arrested and imprisoned.
Cornad said that the people now feel that only the NPP party can work and move forward in the state and that is why they have decided to join hands with the NPP. NPP. The President of the National People's Party (NPP) has said that the Congress party cannot explain why its leaders have left the party. you party lade you don't have to worry.
Shillong, July 08: U Prestone Tynsong Symbut, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today said that some of the children who have returned from the Quarantine Centers have been sent to bring ksk to their parents.
It is surprising how he dared to convene the Kur Dorbar without the knowledge of the Kur Dorbar Mawlong Mawmih & Krang Mawkhar and without the presence of the Rangbah Kur Bah Harison Mawlong. I am the only one who is still alive today.
The union wants the government to clarify regarding the allocation of B.Ed courses at the state government institution. Minister of Education through the Director of Education, Government of Meghalaya.
This statement was issued by Bah Reachingson Kongwang, Chairman of Darrang Tourism Promotion and Development Society.
Embhah Syiemlieh from Mawlai, Jeminp Mawthoh from Nongthymmai and Rumnong from Pynthor.
Shillong, November 06: The Balat-Shella road has been neglected for decades without maintenance since it was handed over to the PWD by the Border Road. road on the border with Bangladesh.
Relations between China and the United States deteriorated in June after the United States shot down a balloon suspected of being a Chinese smuggling plane flying through the skies of Canada and the United States. The United States.
Donlad had missed the semifinal through injury and there were doubts whether he would be fit enough for the grand finale but he made it into Mawlai’s starting line-up.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has said that it will not accept the Citizenship Amendment Act, 2019 as it is not a law passed by the Government of India.
There were also other winners in various categories.
The KSU understands the government's theft but misleads the public by claiming that the government has nothing to do with the uranium mining industry but the KSU knows that these are just They don't steal to hide the truth so that they can mislead the public in the name of development.
At the time of writing, it is not clear whether the explosion was caused by an IED or any other explosive device.
Surprisingly, both the wells in the government farm in Pudmawri village have collapsed in both places and these wells inside the forest are about 250 meters away from each other.
On this occasion, the BSF troops have decided to fight as much as they can to bring about change and to raise awareness among the people that it is necessary to protect the environment. in many different areas of BSF especially in BOPs.
There are 3212 teachers in these schools and 1068 schools in the state.
The Rangbah Shnong of Umtasor Mawdkhar, Bah M.Mukhim, said that he received a tip about the incident at 7.30 pm and immediately informed the Nongpoh Police Station who arrived to investigate. The body of the deceased was taken to Nongpoh Civil Hospital for post-mortem examination.
The owners of pig farms should clean and not allow people to enter these pig farms, while the movement of people should not be restricted.
Shillong, July 30: U Bah John Kharshiing, one of the leaders of the Khasi-Pnar people, today sent a letter to the President of the Khasi-Pnar people. Chief Minister Cornad K Sangma and Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong regarding the deterioration of the 80km Umsning-Jagi Road.
Speakers at the meeting were Bah W Kharkrang from the office of the Meghalaya Pollution Control Board, EM of KHADC Bah Latinglang Kharkongor on behalf of the farmers. Archelius Dohtdong.
Shillong, July 23: BJP Election Commissioner R Ramakrishna today lodged a complaint against Annad Sharma, Minister of State for Textiles. 55 crore scheme for the North Eastern States of India.
“In the name of the spouse, the business was operated by the (foreign) spouse.
The only way is to extend the term of the Assembly of these four districts if we want to divide the constituencies of the MDCs.
The Chief Minister's Secretary, Prestone Tynsong, said that at these four places, there will be doctors and nurses to treat those who have returned and they will be treated with Rapid Diagnostic Kits.
Member of the Central Puja Committee, Naba Bhattacharjee, said that the ceremony went smoothly and on the first day there were few people but on the third day they started to come out in large numbers. because of your anxiety.
The Chief Minister said on Twitter that the total number of cases of COVID-19 in the state has risen to 30, one has died, 12 have recovered and those in critical condition are to 17 people.
Tura Police Station was immediately informed of the incident and they went to take the bomb from the scene. Timely rescue has saved the city of Tura from the death toll.
The venues for the earthquake safety campaign will be Nongrimmaw, Laitumkhrah; MUDA Shopping Complex, Police Bazaar; Gas Station, Polo; NEEPCO and Shillong Public School.
The Secretary, MH Dkhar, has extended a Happy Behdeiñkhlam to all the Dkhar people and also to the fellow citizens who fall under the jurisdiction of the Seiñraij Tuber, from East Jaintia Hills District to West Jaintia Hills. District.
The Chief Minister said that the distribution of solar lamps to the school children will be done soon and the number of school children who will benefit will be between 15,000 or 20,000. The state government will also write to the central government. There is no support for this scheme.
If you are sailing or sailing, try to climb ashore as soon as possible and find a safe place to hide.
In a statement sent by the President of UHM, Bah Charlie J Rani, he said, “The UHM strongly warns the CWC not to continue without any grounds. heh.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The celebration of the 25th Anniversary of Ri Bhoi District will be held for three days. starting on the 5th of July and ending on the 9th.
Meghalaya has only two candidates for ticket, Vincent H Pala, MP from 1-Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, who has won three consecutive terms as MP. also a minister in the central government.
Shillong, July 26: This is the reply of Bah Forwardman Nongrem President of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) to the construction of the road. This road is suitable for mining uranium and this is clear from the announcement of the central government in 2010, this is the statement of the KSU leader in a question put before him. by the media.
Zarrar Siddhibappa alias Yasin Bhatkal and Imran Shah Rukh, Tahaseen Akhtar Wasim Akhtar Shaikh alias Monu Alias ​​Hasan, Asadullah Akhtar Javed Akhtar alias Haddi, Tabrez, Shakir, Daniel and Waqas. Ahmed was wanted by the Anti Terrorism Squad (ATS), Mumbai Police in connection with the investigation into the bomb blasts in Mumbai on 13th November 2011 and in Pune on 10th November Nailar 2012.
General Secretary of the party John D Sangma said that as members of the party they have visited the village to meet with those households who have been affected by the damage.
The Production Linked Incentive (PLI) scheme for the garment industry focuses on the development of MMF and textile technologies.
Bah Julius was brought into the court under police guard and covered with a cloth to prevent him from seeing his face along with his family members who came to attend the ceremony. for.
The total loss has reached T.1,68,30,000/- tyngka, according to the LMA, according to the government's estimate of the loss. get information.
He said the commander of the Angolan army, which belongs to the United Nations Mission.
He said that our Shramjivi have built a beautiful Parliament and it is the duty of the Members of Parliament to sanctify it with their hard work.
Vehicles carrying passengers from Guwahati via GS Road to Jaintia Hills should be required to wear masks, and should no longer park in all places as usual but should be arranged in special places. because we don't know what kind of people they are.
He said that the same announcement during his tenure as Chief Minister was not allowed to be implemented in the state, but this time the announcement has been sent to all the DCs and Deputy Ministers. SP of the state.
The SMB agreed at that time and sent a notice to these people but it ended in a fine but the discussion turned out that the SMB does not have the authority to expel these people. These people are illegally staying but they get the light and water without any payment.
Other members of the Core Committee are Bah Metbah Lyngdoh from the UDP, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh from the UPF and Bah AL Hek from the BJP. the name of the speaker candidate on the 4th of November.
According to a statement issued by the Central Government through the Ministry of Information and Communications today, the total population of India is 1.21 billion and the population has increased by 181.96 million in the last 10 years. go away.
Therefore, we are afraid that the time will come when the citizenship of a person will be based on Aadhaar and if this happens, the nation will be in danger if we are not careful about the registration of foreign names in Aadhaar. .
The children of the king also came out to take part in this annual festival.
This year, the Behdeinkhlam festival was held in compliance with the rules and regulations laid down by the government.
Shillong, Lber 31: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the arrangements for peace talks between the government and the HNLC have started. The government has no role and it is left to the ksiang to do what is necessary.
It is alleged that Lafarge does not want people to come by bus to the office, but only wants to meet a few selected people.
In the search operation, the police have arrested many such drivers and in this arrest it was found that many of these drivers are still illegal and don't even have a driving license. have.
During the visit, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, did not agree to meet with them even though they had arrived at the Secretariat because they did not ask for time. The leaders of the group reached the office of the Prime Minister.
Providing a healthy body for children is a priority of the Central Government.
He said that since 2015 and until today, the KHADC has been silent on this issue without accusing anyone who led the EC in KHADC. The authorization of the District Council to the State Government to issue such orders will affect the functioning of the District Councils in the State.
After a heated discussion between the opposition and the ruling party, it was decided to withdraw the clan bill and hand it over to the EC to form a committee and once completed it will send it back to the Governor.
Daniel Khyriem, President, said.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, on Tuesday said that the launch of a satellite by India and Bhutan shows the special relationship between the two countries.
The 13 organizations demanded that the government should implement the Entry and Exit Points.
These rules will apply to both large and small goods and this will look specifically at those illegal transportation and storage of illegally transported goods and to arrange for the issuance of shallans to carry mineral resources in accordance with the powers provided for in section 23 (c) of the Mines and Minerals Regulation Act,
At these meetings at the two places, he asked all the groups to submit their schemes so that he can talk to various government departments according to their needs.
I.Majaw, ADC, East Khasi Hills and CEO of DDMA in the presence of many officers from departments gave the instructions on how to deal with such a tragic incident. various leaders and discussed how to improve in the future.
: The number of voters in India has increased before the country witnessed the Lok Sabha elections.
“We have witnessed an increase in crime especially theft in many villages.
The party will continue this checking until the wishes of all are met and if necessary we will take stronger measures.
Speaking at the meeting, the Deputy Commissioner of South West Garo Hills, RP Marak said that the Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra is a good step as many people in the rural areas are not aware of the various schemes. dealing with the good that is allocated for their benefit.
On the other hand, the MLA invited the people to attend the meeting as well as the leaders of various civil society organizations to discuss this issue which will affect the income of the residents of the state.
In the order issued by the two judges, Justice Sanjib Banerjee and Justice W. Diengdoh, the two judges said, “The Learned Advocate-General has informed that he has received The Harijan Panchayat Committee has approved the Blue Print prepared by the State Government and informed that there are some new amendments according to the suggestions of some. parts.
PM SHRI schools will demonstrate all aspects of the National Education Policy 2020 and will be model schools for other schools nearby.
Shillong, Naiwieng 07: The Ward Commissioner of 19-South Laban Cantonment Board, Vikash Gupta, on Tuesday said that the residents of 19-South Laban Cantonment Board, Vikash Gupta, have been facing problems especially the poor due to the lack of electricity for two months. .
The President's Fire Service Medal for Distinguished Service will be awarded to nine persons and the Fire Service Medal for Meritorious Service will be awarded to 38 persons for their outstanding service.
However, if these 222 workers cannot be promoted now, those Anganwadi Workers will be promoted,” said Bah Synrem.
The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, who is also the District Election Officer for Ri Bhoi District, told SP News Agency that it is true that the police have seized T. ,00,000/- Rs.
He said that he will write to the Governing Body to ask for clarification on the grounds on which the decision has been taken to dismiss him from NEIGHRIMS. but if he go away without receiving the light, he shall not go away.
The meeting was held at Umsning Dorbar Hall in Ri Bhoi District. The meeting was attended by farmers from all over the HFU.
The excellent performance of the country's athletes, not only at the Olympics and Commonwealth Games but also at foreign tournaments for people with disabilities, has filled us all with pride.
During the training, he explained that the need to preserve the environment is the most important.
There are 26 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 22 from East Garo Hills and 2 from West Khasi Hills. there are 82412 people.
People who wish to do so will be able to register immediately at these places.
The writing of tens of lakhs and billions of rupees spent every month on environmental protection While no Independent Team has been brought in to investigate the color change or death, it should be strongly opposed.
The Secretaries of the National Mission Directors of the New Urban Missions will arrive in Guwahati tomorrow morning and will meet with the heads of state governments in charge of urban development. including the Chief Ministers of the States, the Ministers in charge of Urban Development and those in charge of Municipal Affairs.
On the other hand, NEEPCO officials promised the union leaders that phase 2 will start soon next month.
During the meeting, Burns carried President Obama's message that he wants to strengthen trade relations between the two countries and in many areas whether it is business. national defense and counter-terrorism activities.
Speaking on the uniqueness of the stadium, Myntri Rangbah Duh said that while other venues are for certain sports, the Sardar Patel Sports Complex is the venue for the sports. sports such as Football, Hockey, Basketball, Kabaddi, Boxing and Lawn Tennis.
Shillong, March 22: The BJP Nongkrem Mandal has held a meeting of its office bearers with a program to explain the benefits of the government to the farmers as well as other schemes launched by the CM for the women and youth of the area.
The distribution of rice, phan piat to the residents of Motpran today was distributed by the office bearers of the party to the people. .
Hundreds of students have written their examinations at St Mary's Mazzerello Higher Secondary School, Jowai today with the participation of their parents. They turned to the school to express their anger over the wrong way of issuing the Question Papers in the NEET examination. Question Papers and Admit Cards.
Regarding the shops, the Cabinet has decided to reduce the distance of shops from schools and places of worship from 300 meters to 100 meters.
These donations were received by the principal of the school and others.
What is unacceptable is that these people have also thanked the government for applying for curfew passes.
The meeting also discussed how to facilitate the movement between the people of the two countries for those who travel by road or rail to India for those who come with their own documents. Initially, two gates will be set up, one at Akhaura in Tripura and one at Ghojadanga in West Bengal.
And this young man was found to have a mental illness.
This happened coincidentally when the Khasi Students Union (KSU) held a rally in the morning to protest against the Citizenship (Amendment) Rule,
The Governor of Meghalaya and the Prime Minister attended the program and the workshop witnessed the discussions of the Heads of Schools, Teachers and Students as those who have a stake in India. which rose about.
He said that attempts to criticize have been made from time to time and some have appealed to the Supreme Court four times but the Supreme Court has decided against the District Council.
Through this amendment to Table D, the calculation of the invested withdrawal period will be in months completed.
“There are also other reasons why we will see the withdrawal of security forces by the State Government in various areas.
“We demand that all charges against the HNLC leaders be dropped and that they be pardoned.
Other films include Taare Zameen Par, Assamese film Baandhan, Manipur film Leipaklei, English films Ship of Theseus and Lessons in Forgetting.
Regarding the registration, Bah Paul said that there will be no fee for registration.
There are also Hima/Elaka which have been upgraded during the British period and the Dorbar requests the KHADC authorities to create opportunities to upgrade some of these Hima/Elaka to the status they deserve. be.
KSU SWKHD supports the demand of Nongtrai to get a contract between the village and the company and to employ the villagers, said Bah Bhalang Kharbani. The KSU strongly condemns the LUMPL for continuing to provide foreigners instead of providing job opportunities to the villagers who have been able to work. to the work.
Speaking on the development of tourism, he said, “As the Minister in charge of Tourism, I have a desire to improve the Krem Tirot and the Khasi Patriotic Home.
Also present on the occasion were the President of Nongkrem Sports Club, Bah Lambor Nongrum, Rangbah Shnong of Kharbuli, Bah C.Kharbuli as the Chief Guest. The Vice President of KSU North Khasi Hills District was also the chief guest.
Shillong, Lber 13: The Congress of Mawthadraishan Block has expressed its regret over the defeat of Bah Boldness L Nongumha in the last MLA election.
Police are investigating the incident to track down the perpetrators.
There are 31 cases in Ri Bhoi, 2 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 8 cases in West Garo Hills, 2 cases in South Garo Hills, 1 case in East Garo Hills and 1 case in North Garo Hills. There are 49 recoveries so far.
The number of households receiving water supply has increased from 4,550 in 2019 to more than 3 lakh today.
Lber 19: To bring closer ties between India and Bangladesh, the armies of the two countries will hold a joint cycling race which will start on the 22nd of this month and end on the 4th of this month. month of June.
On the other hand, Bah John F Kharshiing said that at present all the MDCs sit with the Congress in the District Council.
The price of these Single Vision Lenses starts from T.350, Bifocals from T.850 and Progressive Lenses from T.1400.
Speaking on the occasion were Bah Kynmawlang Wankhar Secretary SSCO, Father Raphael Maiong SDB Parish Priest, Father Orphindro Lyngkot SDB Parish Priest, Shillong.
During the inspection, the Seng found many shortcomings in the Dispensary.
Before handing over the newly built house to Bah Skhem Sohtun, a meeting was held where the Working Chairman of the group “Tei la ka Ri” Bah Seiborlang L Nonglait explained the progress of the house. The group has taken this decision to do something for our fellow citizens who are in dire need of help from fellow human beings who have a spirit of goodness to others.
Shillong, July 02: Police have been firing bullets to disperse the crowd from the lyngbung ha Motphrah. shoot the bullets.
The NEDF has written to the Prime Minister's Office to demand an immediate halt to uranium mining in Meghalaya and a halt to the construction of large dams in the North East. I'm from India.
These applications for Form 10A/Form 10AB must be submitted digitally through the e-filing platform of the Income Tax Department.
Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong, Minister of Home Affairs Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of Urban Affairs Hamletson Dohling, officers and police chiefs were present at the meeting.
The Minister in charge of Education , Bah Lahkmen Rymbui , the Principals of UTSM and others who took part in the ceremony were also present to witness the ceremony. The foundation stone laying ceremony of the Doctoral College in Ri Bhoi District.
Other speakers on the occasion were the leader of FKJGP Mawlai Bah Khrawkupar Nongsiej, members of KSU from the parent party.
Shillong, March 08: Police have arrested two persons for allegedly raping them in two incidents, one in Nongwar and one in Upper Shillong.
Shillong, Nailar 24: The Joint Action Committee against Umngot Hydro Power Project on Tuesday expressed its hope that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, has promised to take up the issue for discussion. They also expect that within six months the government will be able to withdraw the proposal to build this project.
Shillong, March 02: The state government has spent up to T.20 crore for the purchase of M-TABS for the 24,000 students of the state who are currently studying in Class XII. The distribution of these M-TABs to Class XII students started in East Khasi Hills today and out of 11000 students in the district, 8000 students have arrived.
“According to the meeting with the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, these two Rangbah Shnongs who are also Sengbhalang leaders have not violated the rules, as the people of the village have elected them to be the leaders of the Hima. chief of the village.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem said that God has given a beautiful environment to the Khasi Hills until Bollywood films have come to this place to shoot their films. they.
“There are up to 4000 children with disabilities according to the Ministry of Education.
The enforcement of Section 144 CrPC is due to the fact that along this part of the NH-6 there has been a lot of landslides to avoid tragic incidents.
This is according to a statement sent by Bah Egenstar Kurkalang, President of the party.
Samla Nongkhlaw was selected through Tata Trusts' Aizwal Stadium and was found eligible by U-16 coach Bibiano Fernandes at His visit to Mizoram last month.
At this meeting, Conrad praised Billykid Sangma, former MLA of Tura, who has decided not to contest the election because he understands that if he wins he will become an MLA, but he thinks for “I have decided to support him for the development of Tura and the state as a whole,” he said.
Volunteers who wish to volunteer can contact the Civil Defense Office, Ri Bhoi District, Umlyngkdait, near DC Bungalow, Nongpoh or phone
Closing remarks were delivered by Bah Neil Sootinck, General Secretary, Shooting Association of Meghalaya.
Legal Metrology, Public Health Engineering, secretariat Administration.
It is to be recalled that Bah Lurshai Hynniewta was arrested by foreigners carrying weapons on the day the Khasi Students Union (KSU) held a rally at Ichamati Market to explain to the public and protest. The Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) has now become law.
The 50-bed Ayush hospitals will be constructed at a cost of Rs 30 crore.
HYC Leader Donboklang Kharlyngdoh said that as CoMSO, they have come to express their opposition and to send a message through the Union Minister to ask the Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Amit Shah to implement the ILP as this is the demand of the people.
The Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare expressed his appreciation for the hard work and dedication of the staff and blessed them to continue to work better to serve the people in the state.
Shortly after that, Dr David R Syiemlieh discovered the true date of death of Tirot Singh Syiem in 1988, and immediately tried to inquire from Dr David R Syiemlieh about the appearance of Tirot Singh Syiem.
On this occasion, the JSU also honored Pro.
As part of the Azadi celebrations, the Amrit Mahotsav, the Department of Commerce under the Department of Commerce and Industry.
The HYC Shella Unit encouraged them to do well in this competition and expects them to bring glory to the state, the village and the family as a whole. .
The petitions also mentioned the inability to resolve the border between Assam and Meghalaya, and some also mentioned the amendment of the Sixth Schedule.
When the village, town and homes are clean, the people are free from many diseases, Bah Hek urged to cooperate in bringing about a clean environment in the villages and townships. which the villages live in and this contributes to the cleanliness of the environment.
He said that the best way to achieve the goal is through cooperation and said that in the past five years, it is the cooperation of government employees and other employees who have responsibility from the government. part to bring about a new mindset.
He expressed his gratitude to the founders of the Khasi National Durbar for establishing the District Council in 1952, to get independent governance through the Sixth Schedule which is the great foundation of the nation. and also to the State of Meghalaya.
An apprenticeship is a written contract between an employer and an apprentice; where payment seems due; where there is training for the apprentice which includes a period of time when there is no benefit of the workplace.
The President of the party, Lawyerson War, said that the party is deeply saddened and opposed to the government's attempt to destroy the fire by giving it to these companies. forests without considering the wildlife, plants and trees in this Wildlife Sanctuary or the forest reserved in this area and the presence of parks in these areas shall it also affects the Lukha and Lunar rivers.
The second part is the knia ka khriam on the altar of incense, in which two bulls are used, one a female and the other a male.
The equipment donated on this day included water tanks, solar lights, and other necessities and the total cost of these items purchased and distributed to the public has reached T. 2,37,000/- Rs.
This right was granted after the Supreme Court of India ruled that flying the flag of the country is the right of the people under Article 19 of the Constitution of the country. The flag shall be in accordance with the provisions of the Flag Code of the Country
“We 14 organizations strongly condemn the arrest of the President of CSWO Agnes Kharshiing by the state government. It is surprising that the government has turned a blind eye to the rights of the people. In other places, they have not done anything but they have been silent but they have done exactly this place. you just have power.
Titosstarwell Chye CEM of KHADC said that although the government has clarified at this meeting today to discuss this issue, the MDCs of KHADC will continue to discuss this issue. and after that they shall decide whether to accept it or not.
Lane reported the police station.
They expressed their gratitude to all the people of EJHD and other states in the North East for their cooperation and full support to the curfew. The village of these four organizations has been successful today.
It was encouraged that special training should be given to them even in the field of computers.
He said that it is through such programs which are the Extracurricular Activities of the School that the talented people can be identified and promoted higher and higher until they can achieve their goals. He said that Sap without education will be useless, in which he urged the students to become also to spend time in education so that they can ensure a bright future.
On this occasion, the staff of Raj Bhavan were also trained by the experts in charge of fire safety from the Fire Department of the State Government. that's right.
Samla Biangbor Paliar, Vice President of KSU Mawlai Circle, Samla Eddie Malngiang, Assistant General Secretary of KSU Mawlai Circle and others.
New Delhi, Jymmang 03: The Union Minister of State for Food and Civil Supplies, KV Thomas today introduced the National Food Security Bill in the Parliament. of India, Lok Sabha.
According to information received from some residents, the fire broke out at 9 pm on 22nd June 2022 at the factory.
The existence of this Commission will be a blessing to the people of this state where people can seek protection if they have any feeling that their human rights have been violated. and this will make the people happy.
According to police sources, the robbers have stolen 19 crosses made of silver from the cemetery and damaged 15 crosses.
"The new batch of coaches and assistant coaches also includes prominent personalities including Padma Shri and Arjuna Award winner Bajrang Lal Thakar who won a gold medal at the Asian Games and has joined as a coach in the sport of rowing.
He said that during the visit of the 16th Parliamentary Standing Committee to the North East, the people expressed their opposition as expressed by the members of the House.
Dr Azad will meet with the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma tomorrow morning along with the families of those who died to submit a petition to him to demand that the government should pay compensation. The victims of the coal mine collapse at Lumthari in Jiantia Hills have been condemned to death.
“If we count only the voters, Mawlai in the last election had more than 43,000 voters,” said the MLA. “So if we can open the Civil Sub Division it will help the youth of Mawlai area to get jobs. of them," he added.
Bah Warlarpih said that for the installation of ear tags, T.15 per cow and T.10 per cow were charged for the check up and the total cost was T.25 per cow. The KHADC and the Syiem of Mylliem have not complained about this.
On the other hand, the Minister said that to encourage the beekeeping industry in the state, there is a need to set up the Meghalaya Honeybee Board in the state.
At this Monolith Festival, many types of dances related to the traditional culture of the Khasi, including those which have not been known to the public these days, such as the Tong doh kha dance from the Hima, were performed. Shela, Shad Dung Khoner, Hima Mylliem, Shad Thma Hima Mawphlang, Shad Knia Sngei from Hima Maharam, Shad Skain from Wah Khen, and others. ,and there are also the names of the objects which the ancients have placed which are no longer seen today such as the two bniat hati, the tiewdoh maw, and others.
During the training, a manual was distributed to them on the use of EVMs and they were explained how to better understand how to operate this system.
At this point, the shiktang suloi he was carrying fell on the ground and at this time it exploded and the bullet in the suli hit Arun from the right leg.
A network of incubation centers and accelerators, coworking space offers, investor opportunities and networking opportunities have been established to provide access to needs and guidelines.
He said that the person who claimed to be the branch manager did not provide the pin number or password.
At this meeting, the party said that the inclusion of foreigners in the Electoral Roll is a serious threat to the War Jaintia area especially those villages bordering Bangladesh. The Epics are suspected to be Bangladeshis.
In the next two years, the people will see development works in the State.
There are 18,500 teachers in government schools and these are all over the state. They are fighting for their rights and for this reason the government is silent.
Tablet Number: 7640003646.
These equipment are also an example of the government's preparation on how to introduce natural forces for the generation of electricity and also as a foresight for one that will not be affected. more.
These three persons are residents of Mawlai Phudmawri.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr. Rajiv Mani, Secretary, Legal Affairs, Law and Justice, said that the conference is not only for the purpose of discussing these three issues. law but it is also for the acceptance of pride in one's foundation.
Speaking to media, the President of the Association, Bah ED Nongsiang, said that there are about 2000 teachers of Deficit Schools in the State, from Khasi, Jaintia and Garo Hills. retired and those who are waiting to receive a pension from the Government which they have not received yet.
The party has a vision to transform the people through education and the party has taken this step to see that.
Many YouTube channels have been used to spread fake news about the country's army, Jammu & Kashmir and others.
The Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that once the construction of the road is completed, it will be renamed. the contractor to complete the work within the stipulated time.
It is at this place that the village guards and NEHU collect the results of the students.
When comparing these two Acts, many shortcomings were found in the Act of the Government of Meghalaya and it was also found that the Act of the State of Meghalaya is an obstacle and an insult and tries to eliminate completely abolish the right of street vendors to earn a living which is against the Constitution of India and a violation of human rights.
Although India has been contributing to the UN peacekeeping mission for many years now, the presence of the Riflewomen of the Assam Rifles brings another dimension to the country's commitment to peace and stability. for the good of other countries.
At present, the term of office of the DC has expired on 26th November last month.
At the same time, he urged these four members not to leave the Congress party.
Speaking to reporters, the Prime Minister said that the UDP, PDF and HSPDP have not received any complaint because they have signed the agreement. In Delhi, the UDP has 2 cabinet ministers, the HSPDP has 1 and the PDF has
Students will now have the opportunity to develop their skills in the logistics industry.
There are 75 judges.
As a Volunteer with Associations/Societies; Sein Jaintia, Ka Thiar Lyngwiar Dpei Society, Lady Keane College Alumni Association, Khasi Authors' Society, Meghalaya Shiksha Samiti and others.
When SP News Agency spoke to many of the elders regarding the desire to amend the Sixth Schedule, they said that the KHADC should have appointed people from the side of the authorities. It is exactly the constitution because it affects the constitution.
There were 24 children from all over the North East who came to take part in this competition. The competition is only for children from AFWWA and those studying at Class IX and X. On this occasion, the Vice President of AFWWA (Regional), Harbinder Walia was the chief guest.
For the first time, the farmers from all over the country including Madan Bitaw, Laitnongrem, Dempluh, Lawkhla, Pyndenlitha, Mawkneng, Wahlang, Mawkynjing, Laitnongrim, Laitkajaud, Laitnitung, came together. They expressed their happiness to meet all those who are involved in the same work. and they decided to work together for the advancement, the perfection, of this traditional medicine.
The results will be announced on the same day. The Committee is also pleased to announce that it has selected some of the senior teachers and also from the media to be the observers of the proceedings. Shillong, June 12: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Shillong, June 12, 2013, said in a statement. Tynsong, today held a meeting with government officials to prepare for the G20 summit to be held in Shillong.
The Minister said that there will be complaints, but the government's announcement issued on 17th November 2020 which said only until 30th November 2020 will be changed until another order is issued. juh as you are.
Shillong, Jymmang 6: Twenty-four persons have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District, Dr Aman War today said. 102 cases, of which 70 cases are from East Khasi Hills District.
Mairang, July 15: The preparations for the Fourth Dorbar Ri were held at the office of the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima on 12th January 2013, Mairang. The meeting was convened by the Sordar Shnong of Mairang Pyllun in the presence of Ministers, Priests, Priests and Vice President of the Federation of Khasi States. The Sordars, members of the Consultative Executive Dorbar of the Hima Nongkhlaw, in the presence of Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MIDC, The meeting welcomed the opportunity to take action to prepare for the Special Session of the Federation of Khasi States on 13th February The meeting chaired by the Syiem of Nongkhlaw, decided to meet again on the 14th January 2013, at the Office of the Syiem of Nongkhlaw, to appoint various working committees as part of the preparation of the matters relating to the preparation of the Special and Fourth National Assembly.
Shillong, Nailar 12: The Association of Resources Persons (SAA) Sarva Siksha Abhiyan Meghalaya today held a meeting at Don Bosco Laitumkhrah with the participation of participants from all districts of Meghalaya.
The Clerk of the Court of Appeal ruled and ordered: Lam question: Article (77) of the judgment of the Clerk of Court:- (77) Even if the law clearly states that the promises in the courts- election proposal that cannot be considered as an attempt at corruption under Section 123 of the Public Administration Act (RP Act).
Since the implementation of this Act in 1958, it has been seen that this Act has not been able to eradicate insurgency, but has become a way for the army to crack down on insurgents. It authorizes the army to arrest or shoot anyone who commits illegal acts, even those who are suspected.
Therefore, everyone is requested to come and take part in the Shillong Run 2023 as part of the support.
When contacted by the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Bah Anthony Kongwang, Congress candidate from Nongskhen Constituency, said that he has filed his nomination papers at the Office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District. the purpose from ancient times to be a leader of the people.
At the same time, the Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya has made it clear that without the cooperation of the Dorbar Shnongs, Syiemships, Lyngdohships, Sirdarships, Dolloiships, Wahadadars and Nokmaships, all the goals will not be achieved. to control foreign interference.
He said that at this meeting he received an explanation on the railway line.
Therefore, it is suggested that this work should be completed as soon as possible,” said KHNAM. Onil Talang, resident of Pyrdiwah Village, Pynursla Civil Sub Division, has been arrested. He was arrested by the Border Guard (BGB) on November 8, 2021 while he was trying to go to Wah Umngot at noon.
Modi stressed on the work of the Government during the Corona pandemic and Aatamnirbharta, adding that this budget is progressing without delay.
As an entrepreneur, he said it is necessary to have the knowledge and understanding to do the job, and to get them he needs to go to training centers and also expressed his gratitude. On the part of the officer of the institute, Bah Lucky Star Lamin, he thanked the institute for helping him to stand on his own feet and have his own mommati factory. The participants were invited to take the opportunity to receive further training at the Institute for various jobs, the training is free of charge including food, accommodation and training fees as well.
“Ka seng also urges the company GR Infra Project Ltd to expedite the construction of this road in those areas which have already been constructed for the convenience of the passengers. por you don't have anymore.
Therefore, his allegation is stingy because he did not follow the rules of procedure of Parliament where Bah Vincent Pala who is MP from Shillong used to take part in the Ingdorbar to speak on issues related to the Parliament. Meghalaya,” he added.
It is for this reason that the Congress has supported the NPP so that it can prevent the weakening of the Khyrnit Bahynriew,” he added.
The BSF has arrested Rahilbieth Sangma, 28, of Kalaichar, West Garo Hills District, Bangladesh. 1750 WY Yaba tablets and a bike number ML-0
When sending a petition to the Chief Executive Members through a letter dated 6.01.2014 directing them to take action to fulfill the promises signed between the Government of India and the Khasi Hills on 17.08.1948 and this The decision of the Chairman, NCST is in line with the Supreme Court and the Election Commission. They met with him on 3.01.2014 in New Delhi.
To manage traffic flow, heavy-loaded vehicles and trucks will be restricted from entering Mawphlang and Sohra for three consecutive days i.
The Meghalaya Police have stepped up their operations to fight against drug traffickers and the police have called on the youth to avoid such illegal beverages.
He said that not everyone has to share happiness, joy in life, that is why it is important that as lawmakers and as groups they have worked together to fight against violent crimes. the longryngieng of little children.
Shillong, July 13: The three sub-centres of the health department of the state government, Sunapur Nein, Ratacherra and Huroi, have been completed. Hangaria Sub-centres, which used to work well, but now for almost a year these Sub-centres have been closed without opening them and the government's closure without implementing these Sub-centres has caused a lot of problems. to those who are sick in the field of medicine for their health.
On the other hand, the villagers expressed their satisfaction that the BSF and BGP troops have brought closer relations and this will help to bring closer relations with the villagers on the border.
“During the meeting, the Minister said that although Upper Shillong does not fall under the SMB, it has been included in the Master Plan and the purpose is to look after the construction of houses. that if there is a damage to the environment, it will not affect the people.
Another issue is the lack of employment opportunities for the youth in the offices of the central government not only in the government, but also in various companies in India. to begin and to continue to follow.
The Seng also supports the request of the MECF that the public should not pay bill lights in the name of FEDCO while the relevant department has not been able to clarify on this matter.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The ACHIK has sent a letter to the Joint Secretary HDB Sangma to the Government of Meghalaya to inform that they welcome the invitation but will not attend the meeting. Shillong, they want to hold in Tura rather than talk about the reservation roster.
“If this work does not succeed, the party will continue to monitor and will not sit idly by until it can solve the problem of the people of the area,” said Bah Shlur Mukhim Bah Reachingson Kongwang President. FKJGP-War Jaintia Circle FKJGP-War Jaintia Circle.
The announcement said that those who fail if they want to write the examination again in another year will have to write the selection examination.
Speaking to the protesters, NESO Chairman Samuel B Jyrwa said, “With the joint support of various political parties, NESO demands that the Government of India should take action to bring peace and stability in the country. in the State of Manipur.
The uniqueness of ownership in these forest management systems, so that we cannot open timber shops to build doors or even to build lyntang cleaning houses, because we have to open these timber factories only within the industrial estates, which Unfortunately, even the Resolution of the Assembly on Forestry in 2000 was found through RTI without being sent to the Government of India.
Regarding the supply of electricity to the village, the Minister of Home Affairs promised that the Meghalaya government will complete the work and the government will take action to ensure that there will be no more electricity supply. There is a problem in the implementation of the ring ksainar light in the village.
As part of the program various agencies and groups have set up stalls at the venue for providing services and information for the beneficiaries.
This decision will be taken after consultation with the school authorities, based on their assessment of the situation, and in accordance with the rules.
According to the residents of the village, there are many thieves who walk around before breaking into houses, vehicles or shops.
In addition, the three outstanding hostels will be recognized and awarded, and will have more assistance to support in this regard.
According to this social agreement, more than 168 members of the DNLA have joined the community by surrendering their weapons.
The Modi government has taken a major decision under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code.
The District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District, Nongpoh, on Tuesday said that the public can now go to the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi District, Nongpoh. The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District has said that the NDAL-ALIS will be used to obtain the NDAL-ALIS. Those who wish to register for a UIN can visit this office on working days.
This can be done by having an understanding of microbiology and as of now there is a great demand for students studying microbiology both in India and around the world. Overall, the students also asked many questions.
She thanked the Ramakrishna Mission for its services to the community.
The death toll has risen to 38. The deaths today are Jothika Ghosh, 46, resident of Upper Jailroad, Jotimoi Sharma, 48, resident of Tipura. Ranjit Kumar Das, 75, of Assam, was admitted to NEIGHRIHMS.
Reliance Jioka has connected a teacher from a school in Mumbai with teachers from various parts of Maharashtra, Gujarat and Odisha.
Aristotle Lyngdoh Mawplang, General Secretary, said that the CEM of KHADC has explained that the government has set up an Expert Committee to facilitate the passage of the Clan Bill.
In his speech, Samla Treibor R Suchen urged the youth by saying “To reach the goal of victory, we must work hard” and said that in this age it is the source of knowledge. information and as students we should use it well and not misuse our knowledge.
Writing a summary in India is one of the most difficult tasks compared to the rest of the world.
Shillong, July 10: The Police of East Jaintia Hills District in 2019 have worked hard to fight against crime especially drug trafficking in the district.
Shillong, July 21: The Community Health Center at Mawiong Umjapung has been operating as a dispensary for 100 years.
On these two issues, the Prime Minister said he cannot promise because the government has to think carefully.
According to the latest news, the announcement of the names is in progress and the statement of the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma that they can announce some of the names after Christmas will not be completed. can be achieved.
During his visit, the IG of BSF also visited the specially erected monument at Kilapara to pay tribute to all the BSF personnel who sacrificed their lives for the sake of the country in the war. The Indo-Pak War of Independence of Bangladesh in 1971 was launched.
In the fourth ball match between Buam and Nongrum, Raid Buam (Amwi District) won by penalty shootout (6-5).
The Elephant Fall in Upper Shillong is because the urban and suburban areas are more crowded than the rural areas.
The death toll has risen to 18, of which 14 cases have been reported from East Khadi Hills, 1 case from West Garo Hills and 3 cases from West Jaintia Hills District.
The announcement of the elected office bearers will be announced on the same day and place.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister urged the people to support the NPP candidate to win the mid-term MLA elections as they have done in the previous elections.
Proctor Dr.P.Khongji informed about the committee's inspection of the Tura Campus and the investigation conducted by the Tura Police against the students and the Warden,” said the statement. .
The chief guest of the meeting was Prof. DP Goyal, Director IIM Shillong.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with the Chief Minister, the President of the Assam government, Bah Robert Kharjahrin, said that if the bill is passed by the Assam government, it will affect Meghalaya according to the new rules. , this rule stipulates that if you want to import cows to Meghalaya, you have to get permission from the Assam government.
Shillong, Nov 16 : Many medals have been won and many friends have been welcomed during the nine days of the 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022 which ended on Tuesday at the closing ceremony. which is conducted in a very stable manner.
At this “Dorbar Kur”, besides the discussions of the Kur, there will also be the awarding ceremony of the outstanding students and leaders of the Kur who have brought honor and pride to the Kur.
Speaking to SP News Agency, residents of Lapangap village said that they have received information that the Assam police have set up a temporary shelter within the boundary of Lapangap village. The residents and police of Meghalaya have gone to stand nearby to verify the temporary camp.
Shillong, June 16: The office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District today distributed leaflets to the public to explain how to treat the body of a deceased person from COVID-1 There are 12 lists.
As the Rangbah Shnong, he must listen or agree with the people of the village, in order to avoid any invasion of his own community.
Others who were present on the occasion were Bah AR Mawthoh DIG Eastern Range.
He said that the government will take strict action against those who take the law into their own hands.
On 6th June, 2014, the relatives of Bah Prodic Nangbah lodged a complaint at Nartiang PIC regarding the murder of Bah Prodic Nangbah by three persons. Round Belting.
"Dr.Rusievan Shangpliang said that if they have any feelings or comments, they should not use insulting words that affect the lives of people if they are people or leaders who work for the public but to offer cooperation and not to criticize at will with inappropriate words.
Doctors at the Civil Hospital Nongpoh have informed that Bah Lewis Kharkongor sustained minor injuries while Bah Frick Kharkongor sustained serious injuries and was taken to hospital. He was taken to Civil Hospital Shillong for further treatment.
“However, the order issued by the District Magistrate to prohibit the Hima Sohra from collecting the fees as authorized by the Meghalaya High Court, that is, by the Single and Division Bench, is a judgment against the Hima Sohra. “Therefore, the Hima Sohra and the Dorbar have decided to close the road immediately if it is a violation of the law,” said the Syiem of Sohra Hima.
“We have taken this decision in order to curb the robbery, drug trafficking and other crimes.
The Chief Minister said that the government's objective is to promote economic growth in the state and in his talks with the officers of the Finance and Planning Department, they have found that if there is another The block will also be sufficient if the population is taken according to the 2011 Census.
The AJYWO Central has laid a wreath at the statue of Kiang Nangbah, Khliehriat, in Khliehriat. Body in collaboration with the District Administration, East Jaintia Hills District, in the year, 2016 as a reason to honor and remember this great son of Jaintia Hills.
Samla Forwardman Nongrem, President, KSU South West Khasi Hills District.
The Rangbah Shnongs of Gillagora and Upper Gillagora have learned that the residents of the state water supply system have disappeared and the police of Borosra Out Post have already investigated into the matter. Until now, they have not been able to provide a report on who has done this to forget the pipes of the water supply system, which have been installed in Hillagora.
He said that if anyone knows of the money laundering in the North East of India if it is too much, those who know can call the number provided for the This is according to a report sent by the PIB. (SP News).
Limited (AHIPL).
For more than 76 years, India has never witnessed peace, let alone achieved peace.
This is the law of the Central Government but as it is on the concurrent list the State Government also has the authority to speak.
On the other hand, the Minister expressed his gratitude to the officers of the Animal Husbandry Department of the State Government who have worked hard to bring about change in the livestock industry in the state.
He said that the Police Department has conducted 1,500 explanations to raise awareness among the public about the dangers of drugs. of drugs.
Shillong, Nailar 05: Thousands of believers from different churches and ethnic groups took part in a mass march organized by the Catholic Association of Shillong (CAS) to urge the President of the India's Droupadi Murmu has urged India to fight to end the bloodshed in Manipur which has been going on for three months.
Many of the passengers who pass through this road said that this area in Umling is flooded every time it rains but the authorities in charge of this road have been watching this flooding because This happens every year but they don't do anything even today.
The screening of films on this saint of the Catholic Church will be held for four days at the Soso Tham Auditorium.
Shillong, July 05: The Dorbar Shnong Mawpait Tlongpleng has expressed its gratitude and congratulations to the BSW 6th semester students of St Edmunds College who have completed their field work in Mawpait Tlongpleng recently.
On the other hand, the DC said that it is necessary to work together at this time when everyone should work together.
After the establishment of this demand, especially the population on the electoral roll, Mawlai has become the first constituency in Meghalaya to exceed 50,000 voters. There are more than 10,000 people in the village.
Shillong, Iaiong 18: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya today said that the trade of kwai, tympew and synsar has been allowed to be transported and sold in the market in accordance with the rules.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The CEM of KHADC, Bah Titos Chyne, today said that a report has been received from the enforcement department of KHADC that they have been conducting license raids throughout Shillong for two days.
Every tourist is assigned to be accompanied from the time of arrival until departure.
Speaking to SP News Agency by phone, Bah Lyngdoh said, “My supporters are now urging me to contest the mid-term MDC election from Laban-Mawprem Constituency. I am a candidate, but now I still have time to discuss with my supporters if I have to contest this election”.
Shillong, Lber 11: Answering a question by Syntar Klas Sunn MLA, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, said that it is true that East Khasi Hills District is the Most of the districts have been affected by the disease.
Speaking to reporters after the rally, Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh, one of the leaders of the JACM, said that in the petition they submitted to the General Manager of FCI Dev Anand, they have put forward three demands. , another demanded that the FCI should force the Saikia Company to hand over the four drivers who have fled the scene within 30 days.
At this meeting, the KSU Laban Circle expressed its complaint on the lack of construction and development of the pandal besides the PWD road used by the people.
It may be recalled that SAM had already held the Meghalaya State Shooting Championship 2021 10 months ago after the Government authorities allowed the team to hold the championship.
The task of the DTFC is to repatriate the arrested persons if they are Indians, but in the view of COMSO, they do not see that there will be such a visit even once a month. The DC has received the documents from the meeting.
Those who came to take part in this march today were the residents of Ri Khasi Hills especially those from the rural areas and many of them were mothers and fathers. The Government should not force the people to vote for themselves.
According to the directive, all those coming through the airports have been screened by the personnel of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare at 21 airports in the country and now it has been increased to airports the surveillance of passengers.
On the other hand, these two leaders urged the Sordars and Khlieh Nongsynshar to attend any meetings on the right to land ownership, as part of showing the Government of India that we There is nothing wrong with us still holding our long long ownership over the earth.
Referring to the complaint that the schools once recognized by the government are not adequate, the Minister urged all the leaders to take responsibility to look after two or three schools. schools to ensure that schools run smoothly.
The parents also demanded that a parent's meeting should be convened every year so that decisions can be taken for the welfare of the school.
Speaking at the election campaign in Phulbari to support the party candidate AT Mondal, he said that he has seen that many schemes have been implemented in the constituency but the implementation is very low. to the development works to the people.
The Prime Minister said that this is the proposal of the central government and they will see how far they can go and if the government wants to go forward they will do so only after they have looked into all aspects.
For example, the Prime Minister said, “If the Government of India says that you can borrow T.1000 crore, and you borrow only T.500 crore, that would be wrong because we don't borrow T. .500 crore to be used for development.
Last year in November, the Education Cell of the KSU had written to the then Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Prestone Tynsong to ask for clarification on the status of the building. The Shillong Medical College was established in 2017 at the Reid Chest TB Hospital in Mawprem.
Other speakers on the occasion were Bah HS Diengdoh, Additional Deputy Commissioner cum Minister of Mawkyrwat Village, Bah W. Syiemlieh, SDO, PHE (on Solid Waste Management), Dr. B Shallam, SCSTE), Mr. YG Lyngdoh, Member of SNR&MH and Mr. S. Marwein, President of Mawkyrwat Market Traders Association.
The SP said that Namphyrnai has links with members of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC).
The residents of Ranikor Civil Sub Division have been affected by this delay in the operation of the bank.
The union urges the people of the area not to be misled by the statement that “The resignation of UCIL is the end of the uranium issue”.
In Meghalaya, the number of households owning their own outdoor space has increased to 84.33% from 10%.
The Land Revenue Officer of KHADC, in the presence of civil society organizations including CSWO (Irene), FKJGP, CORP, KSU from Ri Bhoi District and On behalf of the office of the Syiem which includes the Syiem of Riad Marwet, Bah Ken Syiem.
According to the police, the drugs were smuggled from outside Meghalaya with the intention of distributing them in Shillong. people with drugs.
This amount is for the fiscal year 2012-2013 which ends this month.
which paved the way for the establishment of the National Anti-Doping Agency to combat the use of doping in sports and for the International Convention against the Use of Doping in Sports does not compete, and related to other relevant agreements and duties affecting this matter.
Shillong, June 08: U Sumar Sing Sawain, 85, a journalist who took part in the Hills State Movement, passed away on Thursday at his residence in Labansaro, Umroi. and the sun went down in the midst of the city.
Police rushed to the scene and took away the injured. Police have identified the injured as Kmenlang Shylla from Nongrimbah.
The inspection was led by Bah Polan Sohphoh Superintendent in charge of the Trade Department , along with Bah Latiplang Kharkongor , EM and Head of Trade Department Speaking to reporters after the inspection, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor said that the reason for the closure of these 39 shops is because they do not listen and do not comply with the requirements. the Department of Commerce directed.
She has set in her election pledge to protect the Constitution of India, to preserve democracy, to repair what has been damaged, the media, the courts, the fight against corruption, to preserve the traditions.
The closure of all schools is due to the fact that the Opsiars to go to the polling stations for the Lok Sabha elections from the 1-Shillong (ST) Parliamentary Constituency will leave tomorrow morning.
Vehicles passing through the NH-6, the road passing through the village will come as authorized by the government authorities but will not be allowed to park or stop inside. the boundary of the village except for unavoidable reasons.
These are the polling stations for KHADC. While for 1-War East it will be under Amlarem Civil Sub Division, this is the only constituency under JHADC. The counting of votes in all nine constituencies was completed before 11 pm.
“The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Bah Sylvester Nongtnger, said that the police under the leadership of the DGP recently held a meeting between the Meitei and the Kuki and urged them to They maintained peace and harmony while they were in Shillong.
If the former Chief Minister of the state is ordered to leave his house, what is the problem for the government to order the illegal immigrants to leave the house?
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Monu Shakwa President Sohjer Committee, Rajesh Shakwa General Secretary and Syiem Raid Ken Syiem said that their goal is to preserve the culture and traditions of Meghalaya. The Sohjer religious ceremony of the residents of Raid Marwet.
The BSF has handed over all these aircraft to the police for further investigation.
To identify the actions required for increased exports from the northeast by gathering market information.
In today's world, Government job is not only about the opportunities you get but it is determination and privilege to serve people from all parts of the country at the right time, said Prime Minister Duh.
Speaking to reporters, the President of HITO Shillong City, Donbok Dkhar, said that after the members of HITO Shillong City were able to check the documents, of foreign or non-tribal vehicles.
From the Secretariat, they marched to the BJP office, the Chief Minister's residence in Oakland and finally to the NPP office in Lachumier, where they called for the NPP to change its mind. .
During the rainy season, they are quick to grow and are quick to cover themselves in this way within six months.
He said that this will help in the income of the people.
Replying to a supplementary question by NPP MLA James K Sangma, the minister said the reason is that the funds received to pay the bills of the contractors are only T.164.86 crore.
The union is saddened to see that the mynder has been able to issue a Trading License to our women without the need to obtain a Trading License from the District Council.
Members of the party along with placards with slogans condemning the MLA who supported the Prime Minister Mukul Sangma to reject the implementation of the ILP, opposed the MLA Bah David while he was about to leave. open a school.
The Summit aims to promote partnerships for the development of plant products in the region.
At this meeting, the D.El.
The Jaintia Hills Cement Manufacturers Association (JHCMA) has written to the Jaintia Hills Cement Manufacturers Association (JHCMA) in response to the letter sent by the FKJGP. Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District where the JHCMA has implemented what it has already agreed with the Dorbar Shnongs to include the demands of the FKJGP. There are some demands which the companies cannot do as requested by the FKJGP. Regarding the price of dewbilat, the DC has been informed that the FKJGP has no right to challenge this.
To honor these two students, there was also a dance and celebration and the awards were distributed by the tynmenbasan of Bah L Kharmawlong. He is also the President of the Managing Committee of the school.
Shillong, Nailar 23: The Business Advisory Committee (BAC) chaired by Deputy Speaker Timothy D Shira, in the presence of Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma, Deputy Chief Minister in charge of Parliamentary Affairs Minister Prestone, Charles Pyngrope as a member and officers have decided that the session will start on the 6th and end on the 13th of November.
On the other hand, the KJNU has asked the Minister of Home Affairs, how many places are there where the police have to inspect coal trucks, whether this inspection of coal vehicles by the police is for all vehicles. vehicles or trucks, according to the rules, whether the police can inspect vehicles whether they are authorized by the NGT, whether the vehicles that are moving have the right to be fined on the spot. In a letter sent today, the KJNNU has demanded that the Minister should send an inquiry into these questions. At the same time, why do the Meghalaya Police check the trucks only at night?
It is to be recalled that the government school in Domiasiat village was closed down in 2007 by the government authorities after the village publicly expressed its rejection of the proposal of the Uranium Corporation of India Ltd.
The President of the Farmers Union urged the farmers of the state through this special day to remember that even though they are only poor farmers, but they should refrain from selling their farmland. Because as it is now, there are many rich people who have bought the land of the farmers and the farmers cannot sell it and it has led to a decline in agriculture.
The Congress leader admitted that there are also MLAs who can apply for tickets for the MDC elections. )," he said.
Shillong, June 29: The Cabinet meeting held today has approved 1,84,184 beneficiaries of the government's assistance of T. 2100 tyngka, has been sent to the Ministry of Finance for the release of this money.
The aim of this program is to change the way of producing athletes from this area by starting to teach, train them from an early age and monitor them until they are complete.
In their speeches, CEM of GHADC Boston Marak and DC of SWGH District said that agriculture is the only way for the community and the region to improve the income of the people of the region. .
Shillong, July 30: The Meghalaya State Commission for Women (MSCW) today conducted a training on the rights of women in the country. Block Development Office, Mawryngkneng, East Khasi Hills.
On the other hand, the civil society organizations of Upper Shillong have sought clarification on this land but till now there has been no clarification whether this land belongs to the Syiem of Mylliem Hima or the government. The house of the Governor of Assam Province is located at this place.
From now on, this work will continue to be discussed in different groups.
The union has found that foreigners have misused the words "trained workers" by obtaining permission from the relevant authorities to enter the area where they have been allowed to start. other jobs such as selling jhur and to start working in other jobs which in fact do not require training.
Shillong, Iaiong 09: Ka Shad Suk Mynsiem is one of the customs and traditions of the Khasi since ancient times as part of the welcoming of the sowing season or the spring season.
In politics, it is not clear whether it can elect the NPP or UDP to rule, as it has already allied with the TMC or BJP. Thom ia sang that you can't join hands with the TMC if there is no other way or if there is enough thew ka woh, the number of diah in the party is still low, but with the BJP you can't. I don't know what to do.
Dr. Tiwari said that all the works have been completed in accordance with the law.
After receiving this information, they conducted a raid and arrested him at Kongong village under Lad Rymbai police station.
HITO urges those involved in any work with various educational institutions so that the mother tongue will stand firm and become the language recognized by the Government of India. Donbok Dkhar is the president of HITO.
In his speech, Bah Syiem congratulated the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare for conducting this vaccination campaign for the benefit of the children in the state.
Shillong, Naitung 29: Three members of the KSU Rangblang-Pombriew unit today resigned from the KSU Rangblang-Pombriew unit. the Unit.
In another incident, police arrested a Bangladeshi Khar at Mahendraganj village in South West Garo Hills District and seized T.8000 counterfeit money from him with the intention of selling it to India.
The Project Approval Board (PAB) has also directed the State Government to comply with the above rules.
In the past three years, 2.34 lakh people have been employed and in the next five years, 5.5 lakh people will be employed.
At the same time, other offices will be built at Mawpdang as they have already prepared. The review is ongoing in the presence of the Minister of Development, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, Chief Secretary and other officers.
There are 517 recoveries so far, 42084 samples taken, 40611 negative results and 294 pending results. There are 27290 people in the state.
Regarding the mining of mineral resources, he said that the time has come to mine them according to the modern technology and this will put the people in trouble in the future.
We must use technology to empower our people and achieve the goal of eradicating poverty.
In order to reopen the hotels and tourist attractions, the government has instructed the DCs to convene a meeting with all those involved in this matter. They have to send the report to the government and the government will sit down to take a decision.
Shillong, June 16: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) in a statement said that it fully supports the demand of the Mawkyrwat Electricity Consumers Forum (MECF) that MePDCL should open the electricity supply system. Feedback Energy Distribution Company Limited (FEDCO) before handing over the electricity supply to the company and also on the demand to explain publicly the operation of the company to ensure that it will There is no discrimination against the people of Thain.
The confirmation of the office bearers of the KSU in the village was confirmed by Samla Biangbor Paliar, Organizing Secretary of the KSU Sengkmie.
Dr WS Syiem is also the Chairman of the Khasi National Medical Association (SNDKN).
The remaining seven will include the Langpih area and Block I and Block II, which are more difficult to locate between Assam and Meghalaya.
The EC will meet tomorrow to decide whether to accept or reject the report prepared by the Delimitation Committee.
The MLA was accompanied by Executive Engineer Jowel Marbaninag, Assistant Executive Engineer Anumanda Sumer, Joint Engineer Don Swer, Rangbah Shnong Syrpai. Marbaniang and office bearers of Pynthorbah Village Bah AL Hek has promised to bring about development works for the improvement and beautification of Pynthorbah Village so that it will be a blessing to the people of Pynthorbah Village.
The Defense Minister said this would have been possible without the Prime Minister Narendra Modi's vision of the North East free from insurgency.
The theme of this year's Day against the Exploitation of Poor is “Protecting the Youth from the Influence of Tobacco Factories and to Avoid Exploitation you're smoking".
This platform provides home care for people.
On the other hand, the actors including Phira Dohtdong, Wanri Pyngrope, Goldenstar Suciang, Tracy Basaiawmoit and others appealed to the public to support them to come and watch at Bijou Cinema Hall so that it will be of benefit to them. maker as well as the participants.
There are 211 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in the state today. The highest number of cases are from East Khasi Hills (88), West Garo Hills (54), Ri Bhoi (17) and West Jaintia. Hills 13, North Garo Hills 12.
For this purpose, you must have Aadhaar.
Shillong, Nailar 30: The residents of Mawryngkneng village have demanded that MeECL should complete the construction of the 33.11 Kilowatt Power Sub Station which started in 2017 in Mawryngkneng village. It remains unfinished to this day.
There are currently 75 results.
The people demand that the two District Councils, KHADC and JHADC should ensure that the Khasi Hills Autonomous District (KHADC) Act 1997 and the Khasi Social Custom of Clan Administration Bill (KHADC) are passed. , 2018 to implement them because such announcements take the powers of the District Councils.
Replying to a supplementary question by Saleng Sangma on the dropout of teachers, the Minister said that if the government receives a complaint against such teachers, the government will punish them. a place where teachers are not willing to go to teach because of the lack of security for teachers.
Rev. John Moolachira, Bishop of Tura, Rt.
: the meaning is to go outside to the sky; it is a word that is said as expected.
All Presidents and Secretaries of Districts and Constituencies, Units and Circles are invited to attend the General Convention of the party.
The opposition has tabled a cut motion, which was signed by three MDCs, Martle N Mukhim, Jambor War and Opposition Leader Titostarwell Chyne. CEM Martle Mukhin did not move the cut motion.
In this game, they scored a goal.
On the other hand, the BSF Chief said that the residents of various villages on the border with Bangladesh can give their suggestions to the BSF on how to improve the border security.
Shillong, March 30: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYF) Ri Bhoi District today lodged a complaint with the CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) against Bah SM. He was the Riad Syiem of the Narlien Raid which fell under the Mylliem Hima.
“As residents, if there are any such tragic incidents, ambulances or fire trucks will run because the road is already narrow, besides They shall put the market on the footpath, where shall we men walk? she said.
The KJCLF also calls on the State Government to show its skills and sympathy by following up to bring answers and resolutions on these issues as soon as possible, according to a statement sent by Rev Dr. Shillong, Naiwieng 28: The Vice President of the Trinamool Congress party, Bah George B Lyngdoh, MLA, has questioned the CBI's inquiry into the incident in Mukroh village. The BJP government in Assam and Meghalaya are the BJP-appointed governments. The question is when they will start carrying the BJP government in Delhi. At the same time, the BJP government in Delhi, Assam In Meghalaya, it is the BJP-appointed government. How can we trust the CBI investigation which they don't know when it will start?
Shillong, June 18: The BSF Battalion 108 in charge of East Khasi Hills District has conducted a free medical distribution to the people in the border villages with Bangladesh.
Police are also continuing to arrest other members of the group who are still on the run from the police.
“It was my mother who encouraged me to compete for Miss Cherry Blossom,” she said.
The Home Guard has appointed a Sub Inspector to assist those who open accounts as many of those who work only to open their accounts do not know how to open their accounts. One officer to assist these 40 pc to open an account so that they can pay their salaries.
Technologies demonstrated by CSIR-CMERI at the program include technologies for processing sying and shynrai, waste treatment, solar equipment and services, water treatment systems (Arsenic-Iron-Fluoride), waste treatment systems, electricity generation plants and others.
The Confederation of Ribhoi People (CORP) has donated household items and food items through the Rangbah Shnong who informed the organization of the household items and food items.
At present, the Manipur government has not been able to manage the lives of the people in the state to maintain peace and protect the people.
The match was held at Madan Heh where BSF won by three goals and RFC Mawlai scored only one.
The Bolero (ML01-A-0175) of the Water Resources Department caught fire while parked in the ground floor of the office, police said.
The plan to set up ELCs has been around for a long time and they are still functioning but there are some that are not functioning,” Tiwari told reporters after signing the MoU. He said that the teachers will be the Nodal Officers of the ELCs. Swapnil Tembe sent a statement to the students. the government's desire to promote democracy.
This area is strong in the production of crops such as soh niamtra, sla tyrpad, synsahr and many other crops but due to the lack of roads has put the people of this area in poverty. a big problem.
Ms Kharjahrin said that the expenses of their education and other expenses such as clothes, food and drink, without any expenses. received government assistance, although it received government payment for the construction of the school building and teacher salaries from the SSA through the district education department.
august.
Regarding the preparations for the tournament to be held in Tura, he said that the government has not made any new construction of the stadium, but the Meghalaya Games will be held in Tura. The event was held around schools, colleges and sports grounds in Tura.
