The state government has hired a company from Uttar Pradesh to inspect the coal mines using modern equipment to see from the sky where the coal mines are located and to take pictures of the coal mines. places where there is no coal mining.
The highest number of recoveries has risen to 816, with 420 cases from East Khasi Hills, 101 cases from West Garo Hills and 93 cases from West Jaintia Hills. The total number of recoveries has risen to 59803 so far.
When asked, the General Secretary of the HFU, Bah Alfondbirth Kharsyntiew said, the questions included, “The lack of seeds that the department delivers to the farmers.
Replying to a question by Mawkynrew MDC Martle Mukhim on the revenue allocation of the district council from the state government, Pyniaid said that in the year 2020-2021 the district council has not received any land revenue according to the law. The council's rights are not protected.
Shillong, Nailar 14: The Union of Leaders of Ri Bhoi District (SNRBD) has expressed its strong opposition to the celebration of the Silver Jubilee of Ri Bhoi District which has discriminated against the three districts of Ri Bhoi District. without being invited to this celebration.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The FKJGP East Garo Hills today submitted a petition to the Minister of Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri.
On the other hand, the DC promised to take action as soon as possible to hold a meeting with the officers of the DTO to resolve the delay in the work since the issuance of Permit Local Taxis to the owners of vehicles. The government has received a letter from the relevant department to fulfill the demand of the vehicle owners who have long wanted to earn money within the district.
The SP said the investigation into the incident is ongoing.
He was also the Joint Secretary of the World Bank Parliamentarians Network (WPA) and became the first MP after Prof GG Swell. their words and way of life.
The workshop will be attended by women entrepreneurs including SHGs, clusters and groups, Government leaders and private sector leaders.
Regarding the lack of one doctor at the CHC, the FKJGP has immediately demanded that the government should bring in two more doctors, so that the presence of more doctors will help the people to He added that the union demands that the government should ensure that doctors are brought back to the hospital, but if the government does not take action, “The party and the people will not hesitate to take other strong measures to address this issue,” he added.
Candidates are allowed to carry only up to T.50,000/- tyngka.
In the same announcement, the Governor of Maharashtra, Bhagat Singh Koshyari, has been appointed as the Governor of Goa in addition to his existing post. take the job.
Rani was confirmed as the president of the party and Khongsit as the general secretary. Former members of the party, Sounder S Cajee, AL Hek were present. Former KSU President Bah Paul Lyngdoh was also present.
Four BSF personnel who were honored today at the closing ceremony of the exhibition of photographs of the Bangladesh War 1971 to mark the 50th Anniversary of Bangladesh Independence, are BC Roy, u Michel Mutheay, Edward Nutheue, Rana Das and Bhim Raj Limba.
TTSs can get a guaranteed collateral free loan of up to T.10 lakh while tourist guides can get a guaranteed collateral free loan of up to T.1 lakh.
This demand comes after the UCIL has not been able to appoint a doctor at the post after the retirement of the previous doctor.
Anybody can start practicing Yoga.
Shillong, November 03: The BJYM Youth Wing of the BJP has distributed sweets to the people of Khyndailad to celebrate the victory of the BJP in the Municipal Elections held in Uttar Pradesh on that day.
Regarding the ILP, it is already in place and all that remains is to save it.
Heads of government departments should ensure that all government employees under their jurisdiction keep a record of those who have been vaccinated and those who have not been vaccinated.
Shillong, Nailur 06: A group of civil society organizations from Garo Hills, Williamnagar including GSU, FAF, Mother's Federation, AIGU, ICFS and AYF in a statement, supported the strike by the Garo Hills, Williamnagar. teachers under Lama JACATAM to demand that the government should take over the teachers which is known as provincialisation.
The HNYF believes that this action of the MLMF is an insult to the indigenous people of this state, therefore the HNYF has decided to hold a protest on 7/June/2024 against this allegation against them. “They are killing people,” said Bah Sadon Blah in a statement sent today.
However, what happened inside the village was that Kong Thrina admitted that she had another announcement not to allow her to buy things from the shops of the village, to ride a car. she was not allowed to speak because she wanted to know why she had been expelled.
After this, Bah Bindo M. Lanong, MDC, will have to leave as MP Raja Sabha from Meghalaya and release the post of Nominated MDC, as he is the only one who is still active.
Siddharth Banerjee of Star Cement Lumshnong, East Jaintia Hills has lodged a complaint with the Police that on November 12, 2023 at about 8.30 pm, unidentified robbers stole 3,000 coins. Bolts and Nuts, 47 Insert Plates, 110 Drill Assemblies and 222 Slotted Assemblies, worth T.1,88,17,808 crore from the Company's warehouse.
Furthermore, these women will be informed about the rules related to water testing which ensure that people get water according to their needs.
The directive has been sent to the Chief Secretaries of all the States and UTs, directing them to inform all the recognized hospitals.
The government has taken the decision to search for these people and warn them that if they cheat, the government shall be punished under the law.
Due to the exemption from GST and e-way bills, the transportation industry has boomed.
Police have received information about the presence of these bullets in the area.
The vehicle stopped after they paid the drivers of the vehicle and it stopped.
Ronnie V Lyngdoh, incumbent Minister of Urban Affairs, PW Khongjee and former MDC W Mynsong were also present as witnesses.
The union does not want to see the DC's office become a place to allow people to come from other states.
The Government of Meghalaya has appointed an Inquiry Commission headed by retired Judge of the Meghalaya High Court Justice T.Vaiphei while the Government of Assam has appointed its own Inquiry Commission headed by Justice T.Vaiphei. Justice Rumi Kumari Phukan of the Guwahati High Court has resigned.
He said that since the past years, Bah K.Pariat and he has been talking about the problems faced by the Muster Roll workers, as well as the day laborers in schools even when he was not there. long the Prime Minister.
Meanwhile, the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, decided in 2014 from the Red Fort that in the next three years India will be declared a 'free country' towards this goal now, and is now taken as a step towards total holiness.
The BSF has handed over these people to the law enforcement authorities for further investigation.
The country has reached a $2 trillion economy after 70 years of independence, after 70 years, we have reached a $2 trillion economy.
On this occasion, it was explained how the people should understand this part to avoid being summoned before this department of the central government.
If they have not really brought Amit Shah to Shillong as they have tried to do, it shows that the MDA government is small and burnt and destroyed.
It is necessary to understand why the Municipal election has been opposed until today.
He said that the party expects the government to accept the opinion of the people and also the report sent by the DC. but it should accept the voice of the people as the party has already consulted.
The Commission on this will not be appointed.
According to a source, these youths are residents of Tiehsaw village as both of them are still in school and are students of KJP Synod Sepngi who are in class IX. The incident happened at about 12 o'clock this morning when both of them were teaching jngi. Suddenly, Endroklis drowned first and Banshanbor tried to rescue him but could not. and they both went away.
Police personnel such as tree trucks and other security measures have been deployed in the flood area today to ensure that the people cannot be protected in time.
Shangpliang said that recently the members of the party have met with the government authorities to remind them of the demand of the party and expressed their satisfaction that Conrad Sangma has promised to speak at the you budget speech in the Assembly.
This is the 2nd Amendment Bill, which we have introduced through this Bill and in it there are strict rules regarding the kilo cut.
As this is an urgent matter, the District Magistrate has informed that this order will not come into force immediately until further notice.
As part of the preservation of the indigenous languages ​​of the areas, the HNLC urges the Sengbhalang especially the youth of the jaidbynriew that if the Government cannot use the power of khulom and sia, it is time for you to use force. the brut and the colours.
On the other hand, Bah Robert G Lyngdoh promised to discuss their problems with the government authorities.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: The Cherry Blossom Festival is not run by the government but by the private sector, Shillong, on Tuesday said that the Cherry Blossom Festival is not run by the government.
We have biodiversity and our ancestors have protected this place since ancient times.
During the raid, there was a shootout and one of the militants was killed.
State Governments, industry groups have worked together to extend the scheme to MSME clusters.
If necessary, the committee will also have to convene various groups and visit various parts of the State to get the opinion of many churches.
Shillong, Naitung 05: The Deputy Commissioner, South West Garo Hills District has urged all the residents, religious leaders, Nokmas and people to listen to the messages sent by the Khlieng Ka Tyngap. there was a great confusion among the people.
Shillong, July 04: U Dr. Ricky Andrew J Syngkon has received 571078 votes in the counting of votes today. -Shillong Parliamentarty (ST) Constituency.
Many Indian warships and helicopters will be displayed on this day. The group was established in 1996 and these are the smallest groups. The only one in the world and the only one in Asia.
Shillong, Naiwieng 9: Replying to a question raised by Bah Process T Sawkmie, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday urged the people of the state to maintain peace and order in the state.
With this victory, Shillong Lajong have qualified for the quarterfinals of the BRICS U-12 International Youth Football Tournament.
Seven members of the Executive Committee of the village have also been elected, said Bah Primus Wahlang, Assistant General Secretary of the village.
The union also demanded that the Government should remove the Harijans from Them Iewmawlong who have become a source of trouble from time to time.
“Our hope is that this marathon will be like the Boston Marathon, which attracts tens of thousands of participants from all over the world,” said Bah Kharshiing.
Shillong, March 03: A group of supporters of Bah HS Shylla MDC of Nongkrem after meeting with the CEM of KHADC Bah PN Syiem on the MDC schemes in the constituency have accepted what was offered. The CEM said this at a meeting held today at his office.
In fact, on the day of election of Waheh Shnong (20/04/2016) the Agent of the Daloi of Nartiang Elaka was present, and he confirmed the name of the new Waheh Shnong who was elected by the people by voting. , and at the same time he also confirmed the term of office of the Waheh Shnong for 3 years which is exactly according to the decision of the majority of the people without any doubt or opposition.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Laban Circle on Tuesday submitted a petition to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Kong RM Kurbah, to give 15 days to the illegal residents of Maxwelton Estate.
Special training was conducted for the wives of BSF personnel to understand and not to hesitate to come forward for proper treatment.
In this regard, MEPA urges the Cyber ​​Crime Cell of the Meghalaya Police to investigate the perpetrators of this troll and punish them according to the law so that such misuse of social media will be stopped. media will not happen in the future.
In a letter written today, they demanded the immediate completion of the implementation of the Umngot Hydro Electric Project and a moratorium.
Overall, the amendments to the guidelines aim to improve the smooth running of activities in those sectors of the economy that are critical for rural development and agriculture and to create job opportunities. in addition to maintaining the rules in areas where safety is essential to curb the spread of COVID-19 in the country.
Earlier, BSF troops found an overloaded vehicle parked near the narrow road leading to the border.
It rarely uses school buses, but in the north, our government shared bus for urban commuters is one of the first.
The foreigners don't know this fact.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Saturday lodged a complaint with the Additional Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills, Bah G. Warjri regarding the robbery by the BSF of the family of Kong. Martina Pohshna at Kuliang village on the 19th of this month at 12 noon.
Shillong, Nailar 28: The Regional Committee for West Khasi Hills, Meghalaya and Kamrup, Rural Assam today met in Shillong to continue the talks on the border settlement between the two states. Held at Pinewood Hotel Shillong.
This issue has been thoroughly considered by the Standing Committee and the Select Committee of Parliament.
On the other hand, the HSPDP will send these issues to the government to look into this area. now the bank is far away from this place.
He said that the allocation for the year 2022-23 is to upgrade and improve the road from Rilbong Community Hall to Umshyrpi Bridge at a cost of Rs 4,35,56,0
In this regard, the BSF has asked the BBGs to tell their personnel not to enter the Indian border.
We did not tell you to leave Hynniewtrep.
In Shillong, the Iewduh and Police Bazar have been opened. On the other hand, the Minister of Langstieh of Mylliem Hima said that only after receiving permission from the government will they be opened. The letter was signed by Ban Kharnaior President and Kenny Nongrum District Secretary.
There are 19 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, 1 in East Khasi Hills, 1 in East Khasi Hills, 6 in Ri Bhoi, 1 in South West Garo Hills. , West Garo Hills 1, West Jaintia Hills 1.
This also includes periodic cleaning of office rooms, workstations and entrances to branch office rooms.
The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Thomas A Sangma, said that in talks with the MHA officials, it was necessary to include the Garo language in the Eighth Schedule to be recognized by the Constitution. Garo language and in this discussion, the MHA officials asked them to include the Garo language in the list.
MAWA Publicity Secretary Sumita Kshiar said that the winners of the 90 kg boxing tournament were Alan Sun Marbaniang (Senior Category) Alexshon Roy Umlong (Master Category) 75 kg won the Silver medal, Everson Thangkhiew won the Gold Medal (Left and Right) and Everson Thangkhiew won the Gold Medal (Grand Master Category) 80 kg. Jackson Lyngdoh (Senior Category) 70 kilos won the gold medal (Left and Right), Daniel Nongkhlaw (Senior Category) won the bronze medal (Right Hand). Hubert Paliar (Senior Category) 55 kilo won the silver medal (Left & Right), Hubert Paliar (Senior Category) won the Silver (Left & Right) medals. Maimai Laloo (Hearing Impairment Category) 70 kilo category won gold medals, Maimai Laloo won silver medals (Hearing Impairment Category) 80 kilos. Banshanlang Terang (senior category) 60 kilos won the bronze medal (Right Hand), Banshanlang Terang (PIU Standing Category) won the gold medal (Left and Right Hand), Mathias Marbaniang (Senior Category) won the gold medal (Left and Right). 80 kilos Silver (Left hand), Pynshemphang Mynsong 55 kilos (Youth Category) 55 kilos Silver (Left), Kishore Chettri (senior Category) 85 kilos Silver (right) In the women's category, Margaret Pathaw (Senior Category) 65 kilos won the gold medal. In the Master category 70 kg, Senebi Syngkli (youth category) 55 kg won the silver medal and In the Senior category 55 kg, Ladapbiang Malieh won gold and silver medals (Left and Right Hand), Youth Category 70 kg. Melinda Mawlong (Senior Category) 55 kg won the silver medal (Right Hand), Parkles Theolinda Lyngkhoi (Youth Category) won the bronze medal (Right Hand), Wandalin Syiemïong (Senior Category) won the bronze medal (Right Hand). Wenny Freeda Kharthangmaw (Junior Category) 60 kilos won gold and Airikmenlang Shabong (Youth Category) 50 kilos. Airikmenlang Shabong (Senior Category) 50 kilos, Angelis Kharumnuid (Youth Category) 50 kilos and bronze. gold (Left Hand), Angelis Kharumnuid (Senior Category) 50 kilos won gold (right hand) and Silver (Left Hand), Angelis Mary Mylliem Umlong Khun Syiem (Master category) won 60 kilos gold medal (Left and Right hand), Master category 60 kilo and silver medal (Left & Right Hand).
The condition of the land and the problems of the people in this area we feel that it should be upgraded to Civil Sub Division.
At the same time, the AJYWO urges the Excise Department to look into the overtime opening of some liquor shops in EJHD and also to eradicate all liquor shops. illegal in East Jaintia Hills District especially along NH 44 for the benefit of the society and also the bright future of the country and the nation.
During the meeting, Prof.Subba said that to do this, it is necessary to have detailed and accurate information to be disclosed by the writers and as the international organizations and the government will provide the explanation of who is the owner of the land and who is the national.
In the MP election 2019, the turnout was 71.42%, in 1-Shillong (ST) PC it was 65.48% and in 2-Tura (ST) PC the turnout was 81.38%. The turnout for the 2023 elections was 86.81%.
The CEM of KHADC said that the second part of the meeting today was expressed by all the MDCs who were present regardless of which party, this is the life and death of the district. Council.
There are 476 recoveries in East Khasi Hills with 144 recoveries and in West Jaintia Hills 97 recoveries. 53263 people.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, since the beginning of the outbreak, 93,797 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in the state, 92,200 have recovered and 92,200 have died. There are 1593 cases in the state.
Shillong, July 30: The Director General of Police (DSP) Dr LR Bishnoi today said that BSF troops in West Garo Hills District have seized heroin worth Rs 2 crore.
Speaking at the meeting after being appointed President of Mawlai Mandal, Bah Bankordor Massar said that the people of Meghalaya have understood that only the BJP is the National Party which works for the development of the country. the public.
Dr D Momin, M&HO, DMHO, Ri-Bhoi District, said that it is not the earthquake or the floods, but the malaria. If we look at the causes of death on this earth.
He will also make a visit to Nongpriang under Shella-Bholaganj C&RD Block on June 1, 2024.
On the part of the village, on the part of him as an MDC, the land has been written to the Chief Minister, the Minister of Home Affairs and the District Administration but till today the government has not responded. do anything in this regard and this arrest is only an accusation against them.
The order was issued after the district authorities received information that some organizations and groups wanted to hold a march to the secretariat.
Other sources said that Sohiong MLA Synsharkupar Lyngdoh Thabah has also fallen ill and has been shifted to Shillong.
KSU Vice President Fredrick Kharmawphlang said that the KSU has postponed the curfew at the request of many churches and expressed its gratitude to the people who supported the protest. He urged the government employees to cooperate with the political parties by not working on Saturday. Back office.
Nongkhlaw is a prominent player from Mizoram and has scored the most goals in the Mizoram U-15 League and has scored 14 goals so far.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare also told the House that there is a shortage of staff in the Food Safety Department of the state government.
That the amendment of the Sixth Schedule should include and reflect the articles of agreement and the provisions of the IOA & AA, adopted by the Government of India on 17th August 1947, otherwise it shall be invalid. It is difficult to negotiate and resolve the border between the country and Bangladesh and Assam.
He is married to Dr. Pampa Ch Toi and they have two children, Reuben and Adriana.
In the RTI they received, it was stated that there are many squares, community halls, youth clubs, streets and roads which have only names and cannot be found anywhere.
He said that the lack of adequate treatment will help the people to avoid going to hospitals in other states.
The President of HITO said this in response to the reply of the Chief Minister in the House that he has spoken even with the civil society on the border issue.
Shillong, June 12: U Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA of 19-Shillong South Constituency has handed over a Discretionary Grant to three NGOs in the constituency worth T.50,0 /- tyngka per organization.
The Grape Festival will be held on the 22nd and 23rd of this month in Champai.
It is learned that the group has sent 2000 tickets to sell to the public and those who wish to buy have placed them at various places and most of the tourists will buy on the same day from that place.
On the other hand, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, said that the work they are doing is a project of the central government and they have been appointed as contract workers and when the contract expires they cannot work. , but he wrote to the Additional Chief Secretary to write to the Central Government in this regard.
Up to 26 kilos of drugs were seized in two years.
In fact, the shallan fee should not exceed T.70,000/-.
He also encouraged the youth and the Ri War area as a whole in Pynursla Block to come forward in good deeds and not to rely only on the Rangbah Shnong because the youth are the future of the village. Thaw and the whole area where he said that if the youth are strong, the village is strong.
KSU JHDU under the leadership of Ohibait Dkhar President and Organizing Secretary, Streamly S Niangti Chairman Employment Cell and other members today visited the place where they intend to register Aadhar and other members. They found that thanks to the hard work and initiative of the officer who is the head of this district, this plan has been achieved and their collusion with the Aadhar Agencies has been achieved.
Shillong, Nailar 22: The students who passed the DSC West Khasi Hills examination today decided to continue their strike until the arrival of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma. Sangma is from the country, said J Sohlang, president of the party.
Among the 14 issues that the HSPDP has approved is the joint cadre and 40 percent, where it has promised to work hard to abolish the joint cadre and 40 percent in the appointment. you don't hire, you don't take over, you don't rule yourself now.
Since ethanol is hygroscopic in nature, it absorbs water.
"“This does not cover everyone although this Tribe Certificate is a legal document issued by the KHADC. ST should not have received their Tribe Certificate issued by KHADC according to the rules,” he added.
The match will be played at 7 pm Chinese time.
He said that as the days go by, the festival has improved from time to time and the number of participants has increased and he is pleased to see that the festival is held with love and responsibility. He said he is pleased that the government has always supported this celebration.
When asked, Bah Metbah said the UDP can no longer understand the agreement between the NPP and the Congress.
Others who attended the meeting were Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA, Jirang, MLA Jowai, Wailadmiki Shylla. There are 41 new cases of COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, 1 in East Jaintia Hills, 9 in East Khasi Hills, 3 in Ri Bhoi, 4 in South West Garo Hills. 2, South West Khasi Hills 1, West Garo Hills 19, the total number of cases is
The Chief Minister's Secretary in charge of Electricity said that after the completion of these power generation works, Meghalaya will become a rich state in terms of electricity generation. said Prestone.
If they want to run their university we will find our people from the university to withdraw and they will run it themselves," she said.
About 200 truck drivers were also questioned by MACS personnel. This public meeting was held in collaboration with the Dingphasoh Dorbar Shnong, MACS together with the FKJGP. All the shopkeepers along the highway came to take part.
Until now, all people except pregnant women should have been vaccinated against COVID-19. Now, this has been extended to pregnant women in this largest vaccination program in the world.
Shillong, Nailur 02: The Joint Action Committee (KHADC) has expressed its dissatisfaction with the decision of the meeting held yesterday at KHADC, August 1, and the demand for a two lane road. After the information clearly that this road is to facilitate the uranium mining project, it is sad and unpleasant.
KSU Mawprem Circle President Arristone Thabah and KSU Mawprem Circle General Secretary Sam Shylla conducted this work permit raid in Mawbah village.
Police have suspected that the suspect may be Bah Weles Umsong, 32, who fled to Nongwar village under Sohra Civil Sub Division. they died.
Cornad said the meeting on the 23rd in Shillong will be attended by Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma, Chief Secretary and Home Secretary.
One of the farmers from Mawsynram said, “Last year we were able to sell the kynureni at the price of T.120-130 and it helped a little bit to the farmers in the state but this year the The price of synsar we used to sell from the villages at T.70 for the first time but now these days the price has dropped to T.40 to T.30 and this makes us sad because we don't benefit anymore ban still rep.
Replying to a question on the decision of the CEM of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla to implement the ILP according to the letter sent by the state government through the Political Department, Bah Rani said that they have nothing to say, what they want is to protect the whole state.
On the same day, the KSU also honored the members of the State of Mind Production led by Bah Kamki Diengdoh who produced this documentary film. I feel it is necessary to honor you on this day.
Among those who returned, some were students and some were civilians. When they were tested by RDT, they all tested negative.
This requirement is similar to the requirement to conduct a random 2% test of all people coming into the country when they arrive in India regardless of where they come from.
Regarding the Ramakrishna Mission, the union has raised a question about those who came to work in the Mission because the management of the Mission has issued NoCs to these foreign states. This area has not received any documents from the District Council office.
The football training camp was opened on Saturday (6th June, 2024) last month, and more than 60 children attended.
The Commander said that a decision was also taken to set up Blocks and Circles as well as units of the HFU in each area until it can register about 1 lakh members. .
While the Nongpoh Town Committee has been established, five villages have been removed from the Nongpoh Town Committee, while the Nongstoin Town Committee has been established only for the Nongstoin Town Committee. 10 villages.
During their four-day stay in Odisha, the delegation will visit the Netaji Birth Museum and the Maritime Museum.
This day is celebrated as a memorial day for the struggle of 16 elders who formed the Khasi Young Men's Association to protect their identity. The party was founded on 23rd November 1899 to protect its own traditional religion.
Referring to the health sector, the Chief Minister said that Meghalaya is lagging behind in this regard for many reasons.
Shillong, Lber 25: The 101st Brigade in Shillong has held a three-day exhibition of firearms at the Polo Ground for the public to visit as a celebration. the 50th anniversary of the victory over Pakistan in
A free medical check up camp was also conducted in collaboration with the Sohiong Community Health Centre.
Shillong, July 22: The Nationalist People's Party (NPP) Shillong City today confirmed and empowered all the party workers to carry out the work of the party in Shillong at a meeting held at The office of the State Party of the National People's Party (NPP) is located in Lower Lachumiere, Shillong.
We aim to reach the Top Five in the global ranking and for this, we need to make some changes; Anyone who wants to start a small business faces many difficulties such as filling up forms, traveling from one place to another, having to go to different offices but not getting what he wants.
Members of the Legislative Assembly will be able to watch the speech on the budget through tablets installed in their seats which have already been installed inside the Legislative Assembly.
This is especially true when the road is used by hundreds of vehicles a day and it is also a dangerous place where if there is an accident, it will undoubtedly lead to a tragic incident. to this old man who has lost his life.
The Superintendent of Police, North Garo Hills District, while talking to SP News Agency, said that he received this information this morning as the village is a rural area and the village falls under the jurisdiction of the Bajengdoba Police station.
Recently, the Cabinet headed by Prime Minister Duh has decided to review the pricing of domestically produced natural gas so that it will contribute to India's economy. have foundation in the gas.
Shortly after independence, he shaped the politics of the country with the speed as a military commander and the skills of a visionary leader.
This is a statement from the KSU Jaintia Hills.
How do all households get water, clean drinking water? And so I announce from the Red Fort today that in the coming days, we will take forward the Jal-Jeevan Mission.
He said that the union will meet with the government to talk about increasing the pension from T.500/- tyngka to T.1000/- tyngka. .
Shillong, Lber 23: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Central Executive Council (KSU) has strongly condemned the rape of the President of the Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) on 20th
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah H Sangriang said that as the villagers of Mawthabah area, they want this road which has been funded by UCIL to be in good condition according to the rules laid down by the CPWD. However, the villagers found that there are contractors who have finished the work by placing stones.
After hearing that the owner of the house had informed the Sengbhalang, he fled the scene.
Regarding the water supply, it was understood that the problem is that it is too late to get permission from the PWD, but the contractors who attended the meeting gave a promise that by June 2022 the works will be completed.
Regarding the seizure of the demand letter of the HNLC from the body of the President, the HNLC will conduct a thorough investigation into the President once he is released from jail. The party has found that the police have been harassing the leaders of the political parties and if the party finds out the involvement of the president and the HNLC, they will immediately remove him from his post and expel him from the party. u," said Mr. Dkhar.
This was stated in a statement by BJP spokesperson Basu Chakraborty.
Shillong, Iaiong 16: BSF troops at Dawki on the banks of the Umngot River have arrested a Bangladeshi man while he was trying to enter Bangladesh from India and seized 4 lakh Indian rupees from his body. .
Sainkupar, leader of the illegally registered rebel group, admitted that all four bomb blasts in the state, one in Shallang West Khasi Hills and three in East Jaintia Hills District were carried out. the HNLC, he said.
Shillong, July 10: Chief of Army Staff General Pipin Rawat today visited the North East, especially on the border with China. the Spears Corps.
Mobile phones or cameras are not allowed inside the polling station.
New Delhi, Jymmang 28: The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi today handed over the new Parliament to the country.
Shillong, K.Lynglot 13: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today confirmed that one person has died of COVID-19, Abdul Gaffur Lashkar, 65 years old. He was taken to NEIGHRIMS for treatment, bringing the death toll to
According to a government announcement issued on 16th June 2024, Lamriche Kharmon MCS has been appointed as the Block Development Officer of Lumshnong Block.
The tourism industry requires an adequate information system and they have provided information through the internet.
These rumors have the potential to cause chaos among communities and disrupt peace and stability.
Furthermore, Paul informed the meeting that the e-way bill system has been prepared across the country and will start as a trial by 16th July, 2018 for the shipment of goods from one state. to another, to simplify the tax system.
Police have registered a case under Section 21(c)/29 of the NDPS Act.
Shillong, November 05: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) has strongly condemned the negligence of Syiem Maharam by defaming the Hima in front of the world by allowing a non-resident to come. the king's household.
If you have any incident, please call the District Emergency Operations Center at 0364-2225289/2502094 and the State Emergency Operations Center at
Shillong, November 19: Eight new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Shillong, November 19: Eight cases have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills District and two cases in East Garo Hills District. There are 113 confirmed cases so far.
Those same leaders who invited salonsaris from abroad who cheated and thanked the students from the state and so on; However, the top leader admitted that he had been smuggled into the Bay of Bengal to return to his home state.
Shillong, Nailur 09: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has set up a Quadragennial Celebration Committee to celebrate its 40th Anniversary.
We have also heard from our neighbors that especially in these areas that they drive improperly and what they do they don't pay compensation and take responsibility for those who are injured such as people or vehicles.
He said that they have already asked for time from the central government to meet, they are now waiting for a reply from the central government to inform them.
The College has built this cleanliness facility after receiving permission to start teaching Physical Education which is one of the subjects that the students have to take along with their studies.
: the meaning of the word that is not pure and not through something that is not connected.
The last words of the Nongkhlaw Hima were “It is better to die as a king than to be a slave”. The Nongkhlaw Hima this time also celebrated this day with a public meeting at Madan. Tiroth in the morning.
According to the statement, the party said that this shows that there is no point in appointing IAS, Officers, MPSC and DSC in the state if these MLAs and MDCs do not respect the law and accept the I don't have the power to judge.
“I remember in 1996-1997, there was a Fourth Pay Commission, they (Government) wanted to abolish (to give the Fourth Pay Commission) to the deficit teachers.
The Social Service Centre, Shillong Archdiocese under the leadership of the Director of Sohblei Fr.Bernard Laloo has joined hands with the village by donating a suitable garbage dump and 20 tins of bread to The ceremony was inaugurated by Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MDC Mawkynrew Constituency.
“I don’t know how quickly the Government will resolve these," he added.
The 100 cities selected in the two-phase competition are to be developed as Smart Cities and these have already made progress in this regard.
He said that if there is an intention to change, it needs to be understood together with the teachers who understand each other, as the board has done in the past.
He said that he will meet face to face with the Minister of PWD Martin M. Danggo and other government officials within the department to submit a memorandum on the excessive deterioration of the road. and if it is possible for him to bring this issue to the attention of the people of the area, what do they have to say on this issue because it is the responsibility of the people to fight for what they want. said Banshai Marbaniang of Mawsynram.
Shillong, November 03: Police in East Jaintia Hills today seized 61 boxes of dynamite and arrested six persons.
It will also pave the way for the preservation of the knowledge of the traditional healers of the area, he said.
The Union of Village Authorities of Par Umkhen of the three Districts in its meeting held on Saturday decided to hold a public meeting on the 6th, November, 2024 at Umkhen Thadrang Bridge on the Government's proposal. State to relocate the Marten farm from Mawlai to Nonghali village on Sohlait Hill, about 100 meters from the Umkhen River.
CEOs from other States and UTs also participated in the conference through video-conferencing.
In a petition sent to the BDO of the C&RD Block, Bah CT Mawkon, the AJYWO urged him to expedite the change of name and also all the structures. Wapung C&RD Block: Wapung according to the announcement of the State Government so that the people will not remain in the dark about the C&RD Block especially in They have been in doubt whether to write as usual or under the new name which has been announced by the government.
During the investigation on 02/22/2022, a search was conducted at his residence in Lumshyiap, Chanmari, Upper Golf Links. Rtiang and Umsong were arrested according to the signs issued by the Special Judge (PC Act), Shillong.
However, he said that even if he loses this election, the work for the people will continue.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the Prime Minister said that the first decision taken during the meeting was to set up COVID-19 Committees in the Constituencies headed by you are an MLA of your constituency.
Shillong, Nailur 03: The report of the Fifth Meghalaya Pay Commission is 287 pages long and there are 21 employees appointed by the government to cover the commission except the members of the commission.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: The Union Government has implemented the Pradhan Mantri Ujjwala Yojana (PMUY) with the aim of providing clean electricity to the poor households in the rural areas.
Shillong, March 01: Mawlasnai Police today received a tip that on 24th November 2022, a child was raped by a 20-year-old man in Umshangktat village.
Speaking at the inauguration ceremony, Bah Kyrmen said that this bridge will benefit the people in coming and going and will also increase the income of the people of the area.
As a result, there was a perception that the driving industry required more talent than a degree.
On the other hand, when the insurgents saw the arrival of the police, they started to clean up and the police also turned away. The fighting lasted for a long time from 7 pm to 10 pm.
“Many doctors I have spoken to about the COVID-19 vaccine have explained.
On the part of the DC, he was concerned about the problems of the people and promised to come and inspect the matter together with the officials from PWD, Seng leaders, village leaders.
The supporters want to get an accurate clarification from Dr Lapang, their MLA, to decide whether to continue contesting the MLA election or to resign.
This was explained by the officers at a meeting convened by Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA and Minister of State. thaw like a street light.
In the senior 60 kg category, Bikshiar Iangi, Sibu Klein, Pynborlang Maring and Plielad Pator won the gold, silver and bronze medals.
" They will always ask, "When will the airport be done?" This shows that your thinking has changed.
On the other hand, MBCC Secretary Bhalang Kharbani said that after the approval of the entire block, we will send only the name of Bah HM Shangpliang to be the party congress candidate from Mawsynram. “We have received the approval from the 136 primary units of the party congress only for the name of Bah HM Shangpliang and we don't have any other candidates except the name of Bah HM Shangpliang. Your name is Bah Hima,” said Bah Bhalang.
Speaking to SP News Agency, residents of Mawsynram and Mawkyrwat areas said that the cold weather has been so severe that the road has been covered with cold and vehicles are no longer able to drive. It went from Mawphlang to Marbisu.
Rangbah Shnongs, Market Committees and CCMTs should ensure that people follow the rules and regulations.
Under the new scheme, rental houses will also be constructed for low-income and low-income earners to provide accommodation for government employees.
During the investigation, Altaf Hussain led the police to his warehouse and from this warehouse police seized 9883 bottles of Phensedyl.
Shops selling food items and those related to marpyut shall be allowed to open twice a day and those other shops which are not food shops or shops selling marpyut shall open only. once a day.
Participants selected through the MyGov competitions will receive a certificate of appreciation and a special Pariksha Pe Charcha kit including the book Exam Warriors, written by the Prime Minister.
World No.1 trap shooter and Olympian Ronjan Sodhi was also invited as the chairman of the group.
Shillong, July 14: The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah Garod LSN Dykes, on Tuesday said that the assessment of the damage caused by the natural disaster in the past few days is ongoing. how much you have been affected by nature.
At this meeting, it was decided that on or before 15th July 2022, both the Prime Ministers will meet again and hopefully resolve the border issue.
The meeting is held every two years between the two border patrol forces to discuss various issues related to mutual interest for border security including cooperation against to monitor the ongoing development works on the border, to prevent and protect illegal trafficking on the border.
West Rangasora, East Rangasora, East  Golsora, Ampangre, Tibichiring, Khasiadop, Nayapara, Koltapara, Lower Koltapara, Sodurkura, Bakrachiring, Upper Rajapara, Lower Rajapara, New Gulsora, Wanokchiring, Mulapat, Kaitakona, Gillagora, Rangdangora, Upper Gillabara, Koltaba Upper Koraibari, Gonganagar A and B, Sooling, Umtengkut, Chitokgre, Rongdhigre, Kampilgre, Maheshkola, Chimasora, Balat, Umbir, Mawshaliah, New Moilam, Nongkulang Rajai A and B, Shipur, Mairamading, Sawnombor, Lakma, Borsora.
Shillong, March 09: The Border Guard of Bangladesh (BGB) has helped its own people to set up shops even near the Mawthmu (Pillar) which is a symbol of ownership of land between the two countries are Bangladesh and India.
Shillong, Iaiong 11: The KSU of NEHU today met with the management of the university to discuss the stagnation in the recruitment process which has been completed for 40 years. years something that has not been completed.
Shillong, November 08: The President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the Speaker of the House, Bah Pynshngian Syiem, voted on the day of the Chief Executive election. Member.
Today is the starting day of the registration and will end on the 28th of this month. The scrutiny of the nomination papers will be held on the same day after 3 pm. to withdraw from the contest will be held on the 1st of November.
The public meeting will be held to clarify the government's authority in many areas, but the main issues that the speakers will address on the day will be on the issue of self-determination. They were arrested in Umsawli by the government, the killing of people inside the police station, the persecution of private individuals, the opposition to the restriction of the right to speak and the killing of people in cases of violence.
The firearms seized include two rifles, two pistols and bullets. The arrest of these gangs is the result of the hard work of the police using the powers of the police. you juk now.
Sreenidi opened the scoring in the seventh minute through Rosenberg Gabriel to take the lead.
The ADG arrived in Meghalaya on 9/2/2024 and ended today on 10/2/2024. During the meeting, the IG of Shillong Frontier briefed the ADG on the issues raised. They met on the border with Bangladesh.
New Delhi, November 28: A simple and efficient dry swab-direct RT-PCR test has been developed by the Center for Cellular and Molecular Biology (CCMB) of CSIR, Hyderabad to strengthen the The detection of SARS-CoV-2 has now been approved by the ICMR based on their independent confirmation.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: U Union Minister of State for Foreign Affairs, Kiren Rijiju today met with BJP workers in Meghalaya to clarify the budget for the year 2022-2 He said that in this fiscal year, the Central Government has allocated Rs 95,000 crore to the North Eastern States.
These bikes were launched today to assist the police in driving vehicles, at the same time to assist people involved in traffic accidents and other needs of the public. even to help get people to health facilities.
In East Khasi Hills, 70% of the workers in the district and 83% in the DC office.
She said that let us renew our confidence, courage and strength and renew our faith and aspiration because they have the right to have great aspirations.
UCIL office has been forced to close Shillong.
“The employees of the Aadhaar Enrollment Centers should be given strict orders to be vigilant in checking the people and their documents before registering their Aadhaar names and that if they find any “Those who don't trust us should stop introducing such people and immediately inform the District Authorities to take the necessary action,” said Bah Dkhar.
The announcement was signed by PK Shrivastava, Principal Secretary to the Home Ministry. The incumbent DGP Rajiv Mehta retired from his post today.
The Minister was also apprised of the preparedness measures, actions taken by State Emergency Operations Center, Districts, using Common Alerting Protocol (CAP) in dissemination of warnings/alerts, Emergency Response Support System (ERSS) all warning apps of government of India.
It is worth mentioning that the President of the KSU North Khasi Hills District has arrested the Head Constable of Umiam Police Station, D Bordoloi on the night of the 15th of this month. A complaint against the KSU leader has been filed against the KSU leader.
Prestone Tynsong, AL Hek and Sniawbhlang Dkhar have left the party. There are nine members who have left the party. it will not have an impact because they will still get to strengthen the party.
Shillong, November 17: The Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (UDA) Shillong has announced the implementation of the Meghalaya Building Byelaws 2011 in accordance with the provisions of the Meghalaya Township Planning Act 1973 and amended by the Disaster Management Act
According to information received, the pipe burst at night but the cause is unknown. The PHE department has sent a bran bran. They have sent their staff to repair this water pipe which has collapsed today.
The CEM of JHADC, Bah Thombor, said, “I don't wait for the special session to be convened by the Governor. which can be done.
He said that after the incident, he met with the police and they suggested that he should lodge a complaint with the relevant authorities.
The time will be 11.00 pm. All those who have already sent information are requested to come to Public School Laitumkhrah and not to Yojana Bhavan.
These shortages include Oxygen Cylinders, beds for Covid-19 patients, medicines, especially nurses or staff inside the health centers are still in short supply to treat Covid-19 patients.
On the other hand, HANM has also requested the MPs of the state to speak out in Parliament on these issues.
On the other hand, the Commissioner and Secretary, Rural Development Department, said that with the issuance of this government announcement today, these villages will no longer fall under the old block. They will now fall under the jurisdiction of these new blocks as announced in the government notice.
Referring to the BJP party, which is part of the MDA, he said the BJP should contest the MP elections in the state from both the parliamentary constituencies, 1-Shillong and 2-Tura. it is his wish, but the final decision of the village in the party.
Shillong, Iaiong 07: Speaking at a meeting of the HSPDP party to discuss the Sixth Schedule, Prof LS Gassah said that the Sixth Schedule is the same but those who spoil it are those who implement it.
On the other hand, the Minister of Education, Meghalaya, congratulated the NCC in charge of the NE Zone for its efforts to encourage the youth to join the NCC and wished them success. in all things.
He won the third seat in 2004 and in 2006 he became Deputy CEM under Moonlight.
The day of certification will be held on 23rd January 2018 starting at 1 pm.
The HYC has discussed this issue with the district authorities and they understand that the immigration department in Meghalaya is very weak.
The election will be held on the 24th at the KHADC Dorbar Hall at 11.00 pm.
The flags of the political parties were not only in Shillong but also across the district. The political parties did not remove them after the opening of their meeting. The Deputy Commissioner has issued this order to suspend immediately.
The letter sent today is on the relationship between the environment and the union seeks clarification from the state government on the appointment of the EC of M/s Star Cement Meghalaya Ltd in Brichyrnot, so that the people can understand. what is true and what is not.
The Minister said that the farmers are at the heart of the work of the government and especially this year which is the Year of the Farmers in Meghalaya.
Therefore, there are many systems that are not being prepared in India at present and systems such as BIRAC are still being empowered.
It is learned that the education department of the state government has now issued an order to form a teachers' union without the permission of the education department of the state government.
The KSU said that all this incident is due to the lack of banks in the area and urges the State Bank of India to set up ATMs in Balat and Dangar as a long term solution to solve the problem. public jokes.
The Prime Minister said that by holding this dorbar, the government will better understand the problems of the farmers, so that the government can understand how to solve the problems of the farmers by taking measures. road for the benefit of the farmers.
The Government has already decided to implement this scheme and distribute the rice to the people at the price of 100 tyngka per kilo. if there are those who do not receive food, they shall receive money.
To improve the performance of banks, new jobs should be appointed, the newly introduced and old salary policy should be abolished, the salary increase should be implemented and the development team should be started. new salary.
Shillong, November 05: The General Secretary of the United Democratic Party (UDP) today announced that the names of the first candidates will be announced tomorrow morning at the party office.
Disbursements under the scheme have experienced a 33% increase in the first three years, which shows the acceptance of the people.
The DGP said that every Friday those who wish to meet do not need to set an appointment or ask for permission to come and meet between 11.00 am and 2.00 pm.
Up to 120 troops from the two countries took part in the exercise which lasted for two months.
Regarding tourism and job training, the government should reconsider.
The goal of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi is not only Look East, but Act East.
And the Umkiang Village Council.
Besides, Rgh Teibor said that the Sengbah also holds a ceremony for the elderly.
The opening of this gate came after the civil society in 2013 had strongly protested against the state government to implement the Inner Line Permit in the state, but the government of Dr Mukul Sangma has not implemented the Inner Line Permit in the state. After discussions with the civil society and the government, it was agreed that there should be a law that belongs to the state and in 2016 it was accepted in the House. The MRSS Bill has been passed into law after the approval of the Governor of Meghalaya. The MRSSA was also present on the occasion. Ri Bhoi, Deputy Commissioner RM Kurbah and officers from the Tourism Department of the State Government and the gate has been operational since today.
Shillong, July 09: U Conrad K Sangma, the Chief Minister of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) coalition government, said that as the head of government, he must take responsibility for any allegation.
Dikkanchi asked whether it is true that MeECL officials have sent payment to the residents for the construction of transformers. Therefore, what MeECL is doing is urging the people to pay the remaining light bill.
In his short speech, Bah Kharsyntiew said that this assistance is to extend the assistance to the families who are in poverty due to the curfew to prevent the spread of COVID-1
Similarly, Nongrah and Lapalang have not been included in the GSWSS of the third phase and may be included in the fourth phase.
This rapid growth in the number of airports in the region shows the special focus of Prime Minister Duh to improve the transportation facilities in the North East.
Latiplang added that other political parties should understand and do something, because this is the voice of the people and the future of the youth of the nation.
According to the Superintendent of Police, he was arrested on his way to Williamnagar while he was coming from Tura to meet Pinku CH Marak.
“When we say that they need a little more land of 1.4 acres, it means that this land will not be handed over to these people (who live in Them Iewmawlong) but to the Shillong Municipal Board.
In a letter sent to the Expert Committee on State Reservation Policy headed by Justice (Retd.) MC Garg, the KSU said that the recommendations are based on a careful consideration of the situation in the State Reservation Policy. population, income, education and also the differences between the Khasi and Garo people.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: UDP MP candidate Dr Jemino Mawthoh on Tuesday said that the main reason for his defeat in the last elections was the CAB and other issues. He said this while talking to reporters at Shillong Press Club.
Earlier, he visited Nagaland (twice) and Tripura and inaugurated more than 40 National Institutes of Electronics and Information Technology, a Software Technology Park and a Pilot Project for the development of skills of people. saindur that siej.
Speech was also delivered by Samla Eleaser Tedy Langstang who said that we are so grateful that the Sengkmie has listened to our request and requested and encouraged the students to be cooperative in all activities.
“I am a member of the Congress party and I will join the Congress,” he said.
On the same day, the HNYM Sengkmie and the HNYM Ri Bhoi District visited the Additional Secretariat to condole and support the resignation of Bah Ardent.
Samla Donal said there is a difference in the information in this regard because the Prime Minister's Secretary has said that he has no information while the Social Welfare Minister has accused the smugglers. eat.
Because forests can burn if thunder and lightning strike.
The Village Authority on 3rd November 2018 lodged a complaint with the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima and also with the Deputy Commissioner of Ribhoi District. 30 November 2018.
Shillong, July 28: The Assam government has banned the sale of Bailey beverage produced by M/S Padmesh Beverages. .
The march was held inside Ampati town. The march was against any alcoholic beverages that could lead to drunkenness and charges against the person. Ampati, KaDA Sangma who was the chief guest on this occasion explained and spoke on this topic.
The NSCN (IM) also celebrates its independence day on the 14th of July every year before India celebrates its independence day. he was in Nagalim.
The meeting with the Union Finance Minister will be attended by a group of ADCs from all the North Eastern Regions of India to inform the Union Finance Minister that the inability to provide The UC is not your fault.
Regarding the expenditure, the government will have to spend T.45 crore per annum. The government will urge the colleges to merge with the state university for the purpose of Shillong, Jymmang 21: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, in reply to a question on the speech of the Governor of Meghalaya in the House on the opening day, said that the speech shows that the work that the government has done and what the government will do for the state.
All offices under the West Khasi Hills District Unit are requested to submit the names of 40 candidates from each office who will take part in the polling on or before 20th June Shillong, June 02: U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh MDC of Mawkynrew Constituency in the past few days has inaugurated the village road constructed under the MDC scheme. within the village of Nongjrong at a cost of three lakh tyngka in collaboration with the village council.
On the other hand, the Executive Director also expressed his gratitude to the Government of Meghalaya for its support in the construction of roads in Meghalaya.
During the meeting with the Chief Minister, they said that before installing the BOP, there should be a joint inspection of the land and information of the JHADC and the village authorities to install the BOP on the border to protect the people. the general public.
Before 1990, the village was ruled by the Rangbah Shnong from 1914-15 and earlier this village was ruled by the Lyngdohs since the establishment of the village in
Governor of Meghalaya Tathagata Roy, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and Vice Chancellor of NEHU Dr SK Srivastava were also present at the ceremony.
Victoria Shati, Teacher and Ilene Paila, Program Coordinator, Archbishop's House, Shillong.
He said that the struggle has been fought to bring peace in the country, the lack of this has led to the youth to go abroad, because there are many opportunities in these other countries, he said. .
If the government does not listen to their demands, they will start their strike from November 2019 to October
Speaking to reporters, PK Pangiang said that the NFNS is the union that includes all the new state candidates in India and the HSPDP has decided to become a full member of the NFNS. He said that under the NFNS there are many ethnic groups who have demanded their own state in their own language.
“There is something behind the introduction of these two posts just because the Contractual Basis employees who are only two years old are Stampman of someone,” said Bah Rani.
Many civil society organizations have been talking about the destruction of the government forest from time to time due to the illegal mining of coal from the area and the widespread felling of trees. Williamnagar is only 4 km away from the city.
This is to keep an accurate record of the payment of salaries for government employees.
The Nongstoiñ-Maweit road is being constructed by Dhar Construction Company and the heavy rainfall in the past few days has caused the ground to collapse and has also caused landslides on the road. until the multitude of the passengers were amazed.
Speaking to media after the Cabinet, the Chief Minister said the meeting has approved the decision to implement the new rules and this will bring revenue benefits to the state. of alcohol.
When they requested information through the Right to Information (RTI) in many government departments, such as PHE, Health, Animal Husbandry & Veterinary, Forest, Agriculture, Horticulture, they found that there are still vacancies. up to 12 pieces.
On this occasion, the people were also explained to understand the currency issued by the RBI. On this occasion, gifts were also distributed to the NGOs who came to take part such as Mawtynrong SHG. , Mawkhlam SHG, Diengngam SHG. On this day, training was given on how to manage the funds.
No.0364-2230402 and Police Control Room 2222277.
Furthermore, the Village Leaders urged the Sahep MeECL to install another transformer in the village so that it can meet the electricity needs of the entire village, as at present the transformer has to be installed. to carry more than 170 families.
“It is sad that since the ban on coal mining in Meghalaya, half of the indigenous people of Ri Lum Jaintia have been unemployed and many of them have been unemployed. While the foreigners and foreigners, especially those living in East Jaintia Hills District, are living in shops without any jobs. “From the shops to the supermarkets are run by these foreigners and Nepalis,” said Bah MH Dkhar President of AJYWO Sengkmie in a statement.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister said that 1.5 million trees have been planted in the state.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: U Bah Gardon Kharshandy, President of the National People's Party (NPP) 17-Shillong North Constituency, on Tuesday said that the party would like to inform that Don War, who has admitted himself to be the Member of the NPP, he has not yet joined the party.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club in the presence of MPCC President Dr Celestine Lyngdoh, Working President James Lyngdoh and other officials, Vincent H Pala, said that the UDP and NPP parties in government are now run by the BJP. He admitted that he has done many things as an MP and one of them he said that IAS examination training center in Shillong.
Besides these Office Bearers, 30 Members of the Executive Committee of FKJGP South East Khasi Border Circle were also confirmed.
The meeting was attended by the Minister of State for North East Affairs, Dr Singh, India.
Nongstoin, June 21: The Lyngam Indigenous Federation (LIF) in collaboration with the Shahlang Area Local Labor Association (SALLA) has joined hands with the villages of Khatarshnong to hold a The first Lyngam Mei-Ramew Food Festival will be held on the 24th of this month.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Union Government has allowed the States to schedule the vaccination schedules in a smooth manner.
Dr Jitendra Singh also spoke about the new airports to come at Pakyong in Sikkim, Itanagar in Arunachal Pradesh and Shillong in Meghalaya. in business.
There is no inviting notice tender or any notice through public notices other than that but those private companies themselves apply and apply.
Those who came to take part in this festival were from all the Agriculture Districts of the 11 Districts of Meghalaya.
The meeting was conducted by Rgh DL Nongbri Vice President Seng Khasi Kmie and the welcome speech was delivered by Rgh Hamar Singh Kharhmar, Cultural Secretary Seng Khasi Kmie.
Dr Mukul prayed that the soul of Bah Sunn will rest in heaven.
During the protest for Garo state, a woman who came from Mumbai to Tura was assaulted by the protesters.
He proposed to work together in such a work to encourage the elderly who have supported the Government authorities in the field of health.
Many states have already appointed departments and officers to look after this, such as Maharashtra, Uttar Pradesh, Kerala, Nagaland, Tamil Nadu, Assam, Punjab and Karnataka which have completed the construction of the regulations while other states are in the midst of drafting.
However, during the meeting, the CMD promised that after another three months, he will work hard to ensure that all the remaining 466 candidates will be appointed.
In the past four days, the BSF has seized several other smuggled goods from Tuka, Hat Thymmai, Lyngkhat, Umsyiem, Ryngku, OP Shella and Patharghat in Muktapur. , West Jaintia Hills District.
Tura March 06: Teachers who have been appointed on contract basis have expressed their concern that the government has not yet been able to appoint them as full time teachers of the government.
Shillong, July 03: U Chief Minister of Assam today held a meeting between Assam Minister Pijush Hazarika and Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong. and reports were exchanged.
“You have been appointed for the service of the citizens of the country,” Prime Minister Duh said.
Kenold Marbaniang (jersey-6) scored the first goal in the 28th minute and Sebastian Nongrum (jersey-11) scored the first goal in the 28th minute. Hopefulness Marbaniang (jersey-9) scored the third goal in the 54th minute.
The teachers have accepted the government's proposal, but at the same time they are still following up on the remaining three months salary. This was after a march by teachers in Shillong.
While the shops, women's and men's bars, body shops do not have to close at 8.00 pm, those who deliver goods to their homes are allowed to leave only at 8.00 pm. during the curfew.
Set up containment zones, according to the number of cases and contact tracing.
The Season Pass Holders have also been informed that they will refund the money purchased by the public at the same price according to today's program through the RFID Card.
The Rangbah Shnong, Bah J Majaw and the village officials were present at the inspection. He expressed his satisfaction with the speed of work of the new MLA.
A total of 95441 people have tested positive for COVID-19, 93112 have recovered and 1605 have died.
More than 33 lakh people registered their names with PM KISAN during the Yatra.
After this awareness programme, the Village Authorities together with the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima led Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MSPB, and Tourism Officers to visit 10 tourist attractions. spot) 1.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, said that the death of this person will be sent back for testing whether the death was due to COVID-19 or not. The deceased did not have any other illnesses that were not caused by COVID-1
The Meghalaya Mining Lease Holder has also decided not to appeal against the order and has filed the same in the Supreme Court.
Berennice Anerict Tang (E,K,Ph,Ch,Bio) 433 of North Liberty Higher Secondary School, Mookyrdoop-Jowai, Nashua Rollie Laloo (E,Ae,Ch,Bio) 432 of Seven Set Annexe Higher Secondary School, Shillong, Meghleena Bhattacharya (E,Ae,Bio,Ch,M) 432 of St.Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong, Rahul Sen (E,Ae,Ph,Ch,M) 430 of Don Bosco Higher Secondary School, Tura, Khroo Meda Dkhar ( K,Ph,Ch,Bio) 429 of KJP Synod Mihngi Higher Secondary School, Jowai.
HANM EKH encourages and supports the Village Leaders of the Durbar Shnong Lumdingjri for the first time which they have taken as a measure to prevent the illegal entry of mynder for one day to hide in the villages.
Shillong, July 27: Two NGOs from Jaintia Hills, the JYF and the JSU, have sent a letter to the Chief Secretary of the State, Bah WMS Pariat. They demanded that Bah PS Dkhar should not be appointed as Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District without proper documents.
On the part of the Secretary of the Sein Khynroo Khyllood Thlongmoo, he congratulated the people and the youth for their willingness to cooperate and also for their willingness to contribute to the needs of the party.
The Government's allocation for the construction of schools is to strengthen the quality of education in the state.
This is the first time that the tournament has been held outside India after the All India Football Federation (AIFF) and Saudi Arabia Football Federation signed a social agreement between the two teams. playing ball.
Shillong, Lber 06: The PWD has not yet received permission from the Forest Department to construct a road from Baghmara to Maheshkhola in South West Khasi Hills District.
Therefore, all these require us to think and change the way we think in the struggle to achieve it.
Corruption, crime, bloodshed and threats.
Before the independence of the state, the United-Khasi Jaintia Hills District Council had this ILP and even since the time of the British rule, Bri U Hynniewtrep has had the ILP but since the independence of the state, The ILP is one of the laws of the new state.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, on Tuesday said that it is the duty of the state government to talk to the central government to ensure that the demand for the implementation of the ILP in the state can be met. to settle it quickly.
He also explained to the new members the reasons for the opposition of the Seng to the arrival of the Railway in Bri Hynniewtrep. members of the Nation.
On the same day, the Chief Minister also distributed T.32 lakh to 32 production groups from North Garo Hills District including 450 farmers. The assistance was provided by the Farmers' Collectivization (FOCUS) in Mendipathar.
On employment, he said the government cannot provide all the jobs, but it is the government's responsibility to introduce policies and support in the employment sector.
Shillong, June 21: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Titostarwell Chyne, after inspecting the Iewduh to issue trading license on 20th June He said that there are many foreign shops which do not have trading license, there are also new shops which do not have trading license.
For him, income growth is a way to empower the poor and the majority.
One of the shopkeepers of Dedar Market, Nawar Uddin, said that this is the beginning of the traffic jam. still the starting day for this drive.
He said that he has given the government within 45 days to respond to this demand which they have written for more than a year now. .
OrlongSadali Primary Unit, President Mogon Pumuah, Gen Secretary Raja Maslai and 23 members.
In his speech, the Prime Minister said that the allocation of funds for various government departments has been allocated to each government department and the allocation of funds to government departments is as follows.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Thomas Passah said, “We will wait until the second day when we have already demanded the issuance of appointment letters to the jugali before the 2nd of November. Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL) has not taken responsibility for this issue.
Agnes said she hopes that today she will receive the verdict of the High Court.
Sangma today filed his nomination for the MP election from the 2-Tura LS seat in Tura. file your nomination today.
Speaking to reporters, the employees said that their visit to the authorities was to ask them the reason for the sudden collapse of the hospital. The hospital has not been able to supply the medicines because they have not paid the bill to the companies that supply the medicines.
Under this scheme, all persons will receive 5 kilos per person and for IAY it will be 35 kilos per household.
Now the KSU and KHNAM have no part.
Lammi Passah of Police Department scored nine goals, Teibor Siangshai of Police was awarded the Best Scorer award and Heimonmi Langbang of Beat Goalkeeper was awarded the title of Best Player of the Tournament. Police department hi.
He also referred to his Ashtalakshmi vision for the development of the North East and said that the region is strong in tourism, relations with the South and Southeast. Asia.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The Chief of Army Staff, Chief Marshal NAK Browne, Chairman of the Committee of Staff (COSC) and Chief of Air Staff (CAS) will arrive in Shillong tomorrow morning. The Chief of Army Staff of the Eastern Air Command (EAC) took over the post on 31st November
“We the village have done our best to protect.
This is the fourth time that such a tournament has been held in Meghalaya. There were 53 participants from all over the country and 15 from the BSF.
This order will come into force immediately until today, said RM Kurbah.
After the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills questioned the authority of Lyngdoh Riad and rejected his complaint, the Raid went to meet with the District Council authorities. the customs and traditions that shall not protect the land.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The employees of Mawmluh Cherra Cement Employees Union today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma to hand over a letter to him. The Union has demanded various demands from the Government.
Krishi Sakhi is part of this.
Shillong, Lber 18: BSF and State Police have seized a large quantity of sugar from a house in Rongra South Gao Hills District on the border with Bangladesh. he gave him shiphew thousand pieces of silver.
In respect of the requests of the Legislative Assembly and after consultation with the political parties and candidates when releasing the Dulir-juban-tyrwa Election for any election to the Legislative Assembly or The State Legislative Assembly shall comply with the following guidelines: (i) The Dulir-juban-tyrwa shall not include anything that is contrary to the ideals and principles enshrine ) in the Constitution and furthermore that it should be in line with the original purpose of the Constitution.
Other schemes that the government has implemented for the benefit of the people of the state were also explained on the occasion.
The Seng also urges others who are willing to donate to such families of paradoh parasnam to raise the nation of the family in the society.
Shillong, U Bah HM Shangpliang on Tuesday expressed his concern over the plight of the farmers.
Shillong, November 13: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District today issued a curfew from 10.00 am to 10.00 pm.
It is through the willingness of these elders including pastors, teachers and others who have not hesitated for the benefit of the readers of the present and future generations.
Then go to NPCI to verify the linkage of Aadhaar and bank account.
Thanks to the assistance received from the Spices Board and its hard work, there has been a change in the income of the farmers of Mulieh village due to the conversion of Lakadong crops which has increased their income from what they have done in the past.
Police said the woman is the wife of Bose Kharbani. Police found a six-month-old baby alive from the house and took her to Civil Hospital Nongstoin. to provide care and later handed over to family members.
“The department, which understands the important role between the ASHAs and health, urges the ASHAs to continue their services to our community without any interruption.
The Ministry of Electricity has stressed that the Indian electricity grid is strong and adequate and has put in place procedures to ensure that there will be no interruption.
In the complaint lodged with the police, it was said that on the stolen Facebook account, someone has posted an old picture of him and said that this is just to insult him. said the community leader in a complaint to the police.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: Companies carrying out various construction projects in Garo Hills have started to leave Garo Hills due to the demand for money from various insurgent groups in the area.
Dr Mukul said that on Sunday he may go to Delhi, we will try to resolve and I always say that there should be no doubt, but there are still problems and to resolve the problems there is. I hope that all the rules that can solve the problem will be feasible and if they can be feasible they will end up within the party.
What happened to Major Saikia.
When asked whether they have set a date for the meeting, he said that once they arrive in Delhi they will know the time and date of the meeting. you petition to claim your own state.
As local taxis we take a taxi permit not a taxi lease because we need a permit to operate, at the same time we accept the laws to regulate the market, but we should not misunderstand. Mining Lease – You must not obtain a Mining Permit.
Vincent Pala was accompanied by Congress office bearers and party supporters.
This happened today 21st July 2023 at Wahliewlong village, Mawthadraishan Constituency. According to Admitstar Marwein, father of three children, His wife, Kong Delphina Pariong, went to harvest the tit on 20th July 2023 and harvested it again this morning.
The State Government has failed in the management of public transport and it is regrettable that the Chief Minister has said that the railway is needed to promote tourism but it should think and introduce a tourism policy that will benefit the people. bad to the state.
Shillong, Lber 25: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sanga, on Tuesday said that the MDA government will soon sign a social agreement with the World Bank to provide funds to Meghalaya. care and conserve water sources, as it is everyone is now beginning to understand the depletion of the environment.
Shillong, Nailar 19: U Jatan Mangar, 25, of Rwiang Village, West Khasi Hills District, Shillong, has been arrested for two days.
Patricia Mukhim, Editor of The Shillong Times, Vivek Syiem, IPS, Khalid Khan, Additional Advocate General, RL Blah and Anita Nongkhlaw were also present.
The Chief Minister has left for Delhi and PDF President Banteidor Lyngdoh will leave tomorrow morning. Other ministers from the MDA government will also leave.
Neil Antonio War explained to them that this is the order of the Meghalaya High Court. they did not take the tax from these merchants.
Therefore, as the people living in a democratic country, the four political parties have done what is necessary to force the government to improve this road for the benefit of the passengers,” he added. let Silent Treasure.
He said that the Engineer and the SDO of the PHE department have promised to try to find ways and means to find water wells for the supply of water to the village.
Police have arrested four persons from these vehicles and seized Herion worth T.80 lakh, police have seized T.64,000 and a Maruti vehicle has been seized. seizure by the police.
The woman alleged that she was raped by the man who called her.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya has announced that the total number of registered candidates for the MLA elections to the Legislative Assembly has reached 169 till 4/2/2
These 84 donors are over the age of 75 years.
The union also congratulates the government for reopening the Dawki border crossing after five months of closure.
Shillong, March 30: 'We want to cleanse the hearts of people first not to throw garbage into the river. the blessings of the mother who is Mei Mariang'
He said that all the MLAs have faced a problem related to the lack of transformers , it is sad that the villages in the rural areas have to wait for months to replace the transformers , but if the people They delayed paying the light bill and went quickly to cut.
He urged the members of SPIKAP to continue their good deeds and to take action to use the knowledge of new scientific forces to benefit the people from traditional medicine. (SPIKAP) urged all to come forward and be ready so that the people from abroad can also reach the Ri Bhoi areas.
Regarding the statement of the NPP Youth Wing against the Congress party, the MPYC would like to ask whether it is no longer necessary to point out the wrongdoing of the MDA government. don't be silent, speak and continue to speak so that the people will know the truth.
Both of them are candidates nominated by the Congress party.
The Minister reviewed the steps taken by the Ministry to create an encouraging environment for the tourism industry in India and said that the Government recognizes the strengths as well as the opportunities for the tourism industry. The Ministry has recognized audio visual services as the Champion Services Sector and recently introduced its own review of the rules relating to OTT programmes. Thakur said the partnership with Amazon India is different for various reasons and that the Letter of Engagement looks at various aspects of the industry.
T.20,130 tyngka, pan card, ID cards and Bangladesh SIM card were recovered from the body of the Indian.
Shillong, November 11: The National People's Party (NPP) today held a public meeting in Tura with the participation of party leaders from Manipur and all its candidates. The meeting was held at the District Auditorium Tura.
The residents of Meghalaya who are on the border should understand clearly what they are asking for and should think 100 times so that this demand of theirs will become a knowledge to our people that until now even the border Therefore, we should reject those who bring in the Assam government.
More than 3,000 thousand players will participate.
Because ethanol is environmentally friendly and quick to absorb water, it can affect vehicles.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Laban Circle today inspected the food and beverage shops in Laban, Lumparing, Lumshatsngi and KoR. They said that these shops are very dirty and many people get sick from time to time if they eat from these shops.
Speaking at the closing ceremony of the 67th Plenary Session of the NEC in Shillong today, he said that the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi has a vision for a new India by
Bah Warjri said he took up this task to encourage the youth to move forward in sports for those who have the talent.
Once again, I wish you all the very best on the 71st anniversary of our Independence.
The Minister's visit this morning was to find out the truth regarding the project.
The first is the BOP at Saba and the second is on the plan of Assam to build a Central University at Khanduli village.
Shillong, Iaiong 15: U PK Shullet, engineer of MeECL and president of CCORMUA, today said that the allegations against him as published in the media are groundless.
On the other hand, the DCC East Jaintia Hills requests the government to strengthen the existing laws to protect the minorities of Meghalaya.
Regarding these incidents, complaints have been lodged from time to time with the DC and SP of East Jaintia Hills District but nothing has happened.
Renaldi finished in 11.4s, Gracewin in 11.6s and Pilo Ronghang in 11.7s. Angelina Jackson won the title in 13.6s, followed by Savinity Jyndiang who finished in 14.2s along with Ibaiahun Kurbah. cannot be completed at the same time.
As a precautionary measure, the sale of Bailey and Bailey Soda has been banned in the market until the government receives a clarification from the inspection centre.
She said the central government has allocated Rs 1,23,0000 and Rs 2,20,0000 respectively for the strengthening of PHC sub-centres and diagnostic labs.
Maligaon, July 17: A train (13174 Down Agartala) collided with an MR train between Rangapani station and Chatter. of Katihar Division of NF Railway this morning.
Shillong, Jymmang 9: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyndoh today met Union Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman in Delhi.
On the night of the 5th and 6th, the youth of the Seng Khasi from this village will perform a beautiful drama.
Educational qualifications and approval of SMC or Headmaster and Headmistress are not sufficient to be appointed as Contractual Post Asst.Teachers in Government Schools but they must be advertised and conduct an interview.
Today, 23rd May 2017, the Leaders of FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle under the leadership of Samla Donald Nongsteng, General Secretary FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle in the presence of the Leaders of the Mawkriah East Women's Wing, Youth Wing and Village Leaders. The Rangbah Shnong of Mawkriah East led by the Officers of the PWD Road Department and National Highway Division conducted a joint inspection to find out the facts.
The High Commissioner of Bangladesh to India, Tariq A Karim, on his visit to Meghalaya, met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma. Biman Airlines will start operating flights from Dhaka to Guwahati.
Amit Shah arrived in Shillong on Tuesday to attend the NEC meeting held at the State Convention Centre, Shillong.
For customers who wish to participate in this contest, please subscribe to the Vodafone Competition Pack by calling the toll-free numbers 5670330 or *567*5#.
He also advised the people of the state to be surprised and to see the danger that the Khasi people are facing in these times.
Sawkmie also donated assistance for the construction of a road in Nengnong B, Mawiong Umjapung.
The body of the policeman is from Assam and they are completing the necessary procedures and once completed they will hand over the body to his family members to take him to his home in Assam. .
Latest reports said that the BAD offices on the border which have been built now have been completely unemployed due to the lack of scheme for three years and the offices have collapsed due to lack of maintenance.
Many of those who visit this beautiful place in the center of Shillong have expressed their disappointment to see that the bridge has been closed to walk and break the fish in the pond. .
Jowai, November 22: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) Sengkmie would like to take this opportunity to wish a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year to all the residents of the State. our.
Shillong, Iaiong 01: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today authorized all the Deputy Commissioners of the state to release T.25 lakh from the MLA scheme for -201 to all public representatives.
“I have spoken to the Chief Minister of Assam on this issue but they have not taken action,” he said. bread for".
Other decisions taken at the Cabinet meeting include that the government offices will be moved to Mawpdang Mawkhanu to New Shillong and the foundation stone will be laid on the 21st July The land that the government has already purchased is about 800 acres.
He said that regarding the number of check points, the director said that there are up to nine empty checkpoints.
She has also joined her society with the Life Spice Federation of Laskein CD Block to revive this group.
At present, only these companies mine coal in Meghalaya and export it to Bangladesh in the cement industry.
Larihun Shabong from Laitarted, Daphishisha Mawlong from Dewsaw, Susan Ksiar from Nongthliew, Rangdajied Pathaw from Umthlong and Halari Lawriniang of Kurbah War won the second prize and Bisharbniah Ryntathiang of Umthlong won the second prize.
He said that even the notification to hold a public hearing is not according to the rules, because without any official notification to the Khlieh Nongsynshar, Rangbah Shnong, leaders of various groups from the but information was sent only through the media.
The Magistrate said that jhur, Dohkha and meat are not allowed and the opening hours will be from 9 am to 4 pm. If you don't follow the rules, you will be closed again. Everyone is urged to follow the rules.
Referring to the MDA Government, Pala said, “The people of Meghalaya should think carefully and know that this Government has been locked up by the BJP from Delhi and Assam.
However, regarding the areas where the infiltration personnel are not present, COMSO has deployed its personnel and yesterday alone they were able to evacuate hundreds of people. They will continue until Saturday and on the first day they will visit the infiltration police on the border.
He said RTI is the most special, necessary and empowering Act.
In the category of children, the winners were 1- Joyfullness Kharwanniang, 2- Batsingstar Kharjahrin and 3- Dasaman Kyndait.
This was announced by the Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
At the same time, he said that when banks open their branches, they should not only look after the deposits of the people, but should also assist the people in getting loans so that they can start their own businesses. business hours.
Tura, July 20 : The 5th Meghalaya Games Archery Tournament came to an end on 20th July 2024 at Monfort Centre, Tura. In the women's team event, West Khasi Hills District won the gold medal after defeating East Khasi Hills District.
He said that in July 2010, the Standing Committee of the National Board of Wildlife headed by the Minister of State for Environment, Forests and Climate Change, Environmental clearance has been rejected for exploratory drilling in Balphakram National Park (Rongcheng Plateau) on the grounds of protecting wildlife in the area.
The Supreme Court of India has made it clear that the Regulation, 1952 passed by the Governor continues like other laws passed unless repealed by law.
The theme of the XV Conference was “Lord, teach us to pray, which is quoted from the Gospel of Luke 11:1
On the opening day of the Amrit Yuva Kalotsav, Shri Phagu Chauhan, Governor of Meghalaya was the chief guest.
He said that the purpose of the visit to Tura was to meet with the leaders of the GNC and GHSMC and the discussion was to work together to fight for this state demand through consensus and in the They decided to set up a Coordination Committee to move forward on the demand for a Khasi-Jaintia State and Garoland.
In Shillong, the event was held at the Soso Tham Auditorium in the presence of the Governor of Meghalaya, Ganga Prasad.
According to the law, the employment of children under the age of 14 is prohibited and the employment of this child is illegal.
The counting of votes for the election of the new MDC from the 26-Langrin Constituency will be held on the 28th of this month and the re-polling will be held on the 3rd of October.
Tourism development and social empowerment One of the key priorities of India's G20 presidency is to focus on tourism development and social empowerment.
The constituencies in East Khasi Hills which will go to the mid-term MDC elections in November are 22-Nongspung-Sohiong, 8-Nongkrem and 15-Laban-Mawprem.
Since 2014, about 7,000 refugees have surrendered.
On the other hand, the KSU does not want to see the government playing with this issue. This is not the demand of the KSU alone but the demand of many churches. Many of them have been shot and robbed by those who pass by.
Furthermore, the visit of 41 persons to Khnanapara in these days has shocked many churches and this shows the disregard of these people for the rules and regulations laid down by the government.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The Meghalaya People's Human Rights Council (MPHRC) today slammed the Meghalaya Police for the increase in killings. Those people who have been arrested in the name of suspicion of illegal activities including Witson M Sangma have been arrested only one day after his arrest.
This conversation has not come to fruition yet.
This is the check point of the Inter District.
The Services Sports Control Board (SAI) has won the title of the best boxing team at the end of the 7th Elite Men's National Boxing Championship at the SAI Indoor Hall today. in this final match.
He said that there are 16 dioceses in Myanmar and out of these 14 are ethnic religious states like you and as a church we are one in the Eucharist.
Shillong, March 01: The Coordinating Committee on International Border (CCIB) today held a public meeting at Dawki to express their opposition to the inspection of the border within the West Jaintia Hills District. The Shia border crossing with Bangladesh.
Roypar Kharaswai President of the Union said that the contract signed by the government with GVK will expire in October 2021. The Union demands that the government should take over the service of .
The VPP leaders left the meeting because the government did not talk about the Reservation Policy but explained the Roster System.
Therefore, the FKJGP urges the State Government to follow up immediately with the Central Government so that this work will not be stopped.
Shillong, Nailur 22: On behalf of the Khasi Authors' Society, the President of the Khasi Authors' Society, Dr DRL Nonglait, has extended his congratulations to those injured in the landslide at Madan Malki. strong now quickly.
However, we don't have a Rules of Delimitation Committee to be approved in the Legislative Assembly and we are preparing for this now because to amend the Assam & Meghalaya District Council Rule does not only mean delimitation but also relates to activities. related within the House.
It was reported in the House that the shortage was purchased from other states like Assam and the shortage was from Andhra Pradesh.
Shillong, Naitung 16: The 5th of November will be a memorable day in the history of Iewpomtiah, Nongkrem, Khyrim Syiemship, because after the partition and abolition of the Laitkroh Constituency Iewpomtiah Village has faced many challenges in many areas, but the CEM of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem, has inaugurated the Dorbar Shnong.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister of the State, who attended the closing ceremony of the College, said that the College has been improving its quality by selling its courses which has attracted many students. students from all over the District.
According to the customs of Dira, the Sordar was elected by the Dorbar Shnong, but this time the Lyngdoh of Sohiong Hima did not convene the dorbar. the people of the village.
Government officials have been directed to take stock of the damage caused by the floods and to submit a report. to the government.
Speaking as the chief guest at the 185th death anniversary of the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Tirot Sing Syiem said that if there was no COVID-19 pandemic, This was done but this incident happened.
Only the Congress party knows what will happen in the future.
Shillong, Lber 28: U Bah DD Lapang, President of the MPCC, today renewed the office bearers of the Executive Committee for the period 2013 to
Shillong, Naitung 15: As of 9.00 am today, 289 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in the state and 46 have recovered.
Regarding the rules to assist the workers, the government should tighten the rules at this time when the workers are facing difficulties in the struggle against the spread of COVID-1 in order to extend relief to renters the rules should be relaxed.
Hek said that if it is given, it should be given to all those who need trading license and if not, it should not be given to all.
The petitioner said that the Supreme Court has suspended the old policy of the state government and in the decision of the Supreme Court, the party has indicated how it should be implemented. followed by the establishment of these land in Meghalaya.
“Since I received the letter to attend this meeting I am very happy and I want to meet the people of Mawsynram constituency because it is necessary to meet from time to time,” he said.
These activities will be implemented by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Federal Government.
During the meeting, it was said that this railway line has helped a lot of people in terms of income.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya said that the border issue between Meghalaya and Assam has been going on for decades and it is difficult to resolve it. The Chief Minister of Assam has said that they will meet again in Guwahati.
On the other hand, Bah P. Laloo, Joint Secretary, Meghalaya State Olympic Association and Isawanda Laloo, Director, Sports and Youth Affairs, Government of Meghalaya, expressed their satisfaction and hope that the collaboration with the EPP will be successful. it will bring you victory.
The union has learned that the government has long wanted to bring the railway line in Ri Bhoi District and to achieve this goal it has already surveyed some areas in Byrnihat, but It is surprising that until now there has been no explanation to the people on the benefits that the citizens will get and the measures to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners into the State. There is no agreement to recruit special jobs in the railway department for young people from this state.
The BSF said that the three suspects were residents of Amlarem. The sugar was loaded in a Bolero Pickup. So far, the BSF has seized up to 2 lakh kilos of sugar. The illegal sugarcane trade in Bangladesh has increased the price of sugarcane in the market.
The first batch of son was sent to Lulu Group International, Abu Dhabi in collaboration with the Government of Meghalaya and the Central Government Office of APEDADOC in Ganga.
The rally was attended by Samla Ohibait Dkhar President of KSU JHDU, Samla Danny Shadap Vice President of FKJGP West Jaintia Hills, Village Leaders of Iooksi Area, Women's Associations, members of the public and others. The meeting was conducted by Samla Nangaibormi Sutnga, President of KSU Iooksi Unit.
The four cases, one from Maharashtra and one from Uttar Pradesh, one from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, are at the Screening Point in Byrnihat and one is from the hospital. The total number of COVID-19 cases in the state has risen to
During the search of the first vehicle (Tata Sumo ML-05-M-1597) in the presence of witnesses, four boxes of soap containing stem powder weighing 43.33 gm were recovered. Police seized 44 boxes of soap containing powder weighing 516.43 gm from the second vehicle (Tata Sumo MZ-01-K-3872). 559.76 gms of heroin seized from the house. Investigation and examination showed that the powder was heroin.
Reviewing the steps taken by the Central Government and the Sikkim Government, Cabinet Secretary Rajiv Gauba said the rescue of the people stranded at the Chungthang Dam and tourists is an important task.
Speaking to SP News Agency, C Buddnah, Wildlife Conservator, Meghalaya, said that Meghalaya is not a recognized state for the presence of wildlife. There is no project related to these activities.
The Vice President of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo Peoples (FKJGP) Kitboklang Nongphlang said that the spread of drugs in Shillong is a fierce attack by the authorities on the people.
The KSKBH has held a street protest to demand that the government should release the report and the people should know that Bah Chesterfield should get his rights because he died. in the hands of the police.
The residents of Shillong are urged to attend the event.
On the other hand, the Garo Hills civil society strongly condemns this invitation to foreigners to come and work in Meghalaya as the civil society does not want to make the state another state. Tripura.
It is surprising how the Wapung C&RD Block office, which is close to the Dorbar Shnong-Wapungskur and Wapungshnong, has played a major role in bringing this office to Wapung by providing the land. The Dorbar Shnong of these two villages and the JACWapung C&RD Block did not know anything about the construction of the office and residential area of ​​the block. .
Shillong, Jymmang 27: Out of the 12 MDC elections, four have won, three from KHADC and three from KHADC. In KHADC, Garce Mary Kharpuri from Nongkshen from HSPDP, Telinia S Tahngkhiew from Mylliem and Rona Khyndeit from Nongpoh from UDP have won the election. Violet Lyngdoh from the UDP has won the MDC election from Rymbai Khliehrait Constituency for the first time. (SP News).
Other parties which have tried to come to Meghalaya to contest MLA candidates are the AAP, LJP and there are other parties who are looking for MLA candidates in Meghalaya. times.
“When there is a clean morning, it brightens the soul and eyes of the people,” said a statement from Damehi Muksor Publicity KSU Ummulong Unit.
Shillong, November 10: Shillong Lajong FC today beat Aizwal FC 3-0 in the first leg of the 2013 FIFA World Cup qualifier at the SSA Stadium in Polo. the day has lost its unconquered victory.
Jessica Nongkynrih won the second place and Mary Saleen Lyngdoh Mawphlang won the third place in the Miss Super Mom
John F Kharshiing also informed the Chief Minister that there has been a committee led by the Government of Meghalaya, which includes the ADCs and Chief Executive Members, Khasi, Garo and Jaintia, in which they have discussed the issue. She met with the late Prime Minister Shri Rajiv Gandhi in Kolkata in 1988-1989, and at that meeting she promised to liberate Meghalaya from the Panchayats. The State of Meghalaya is under the Constitution of India.
The next day, July 25, Delhi police received information about the death of Samuel Sangma in New Delhi.
Speaking on the Ginger Mission of the state which was recently launched by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, Bah Metbah said that this Mission will pave the way for income generation. The farmers of the district and the state as a whole will be able to increase the sying production, transportation and manufacturing capacity of the state.
Shillong, June 24: U Bah Sanbor Shyllai MLA of 19-Shillong South on Saturday convened a meeting of all the mid-day meal makers of Shillong at Assam Club Laban.
Shillong, Nailur 04: At 9.30 pm today, some people claiming to be members of the KSU have forced the people to close down their shops in Iew Polo.
), young Reallystar Nongspung (Environment & Cultural Secy.
The High Commissioner of Bangladesh to India told reporters that they are currently preparing this scheme to search for the soldiers who died and were buried in India. They don't know what to do.
Speaking to reporters after the filing of nomination papers, Lyngdoh said that his joining the UDP party to contest the mid-term MLA elections is due to the wishes of the people because his father. Syntar Klas Sunn has joined the UDP. Lyngdoh said that his decision to reach the world was after the supporters of the party. He came to talk and as he had agreed to contest from the UDP party to complete the tasks that his father was leaving behind.
ML05 M 3807 Maruti Alto on NH 40 at Mawlieh View Point, near Langkyrdem village.
These 11 former RBYF leaders were welcomed as full members of the Ri-Bhoi Dorbar by Bah RB Shadap, President in the presence of the Ri-Bhoi Dorbar and RBYF leaders. services in development projects and other social activities.
Shillong, Nailar 23: The Principal of Pine Mount School today announced that the application forms for the students of Class KG will be distributed to the public from 3rd to 14th November .
The program is scheduled to start at 10:30 am and will continue till the evening.
“In paragraph 2 of the Resolution, “If there is a shortage in the number of Scheduled Tribes and Scheduled Castes, it shall be carried forward in the appointment period of the following year and the appointment shall be filled in that appointment. years or shall not exceed one year.
“We strongly demand that the KHADC should take action against such people who violate the rules of the Council,” said the statement.
The Prime Minister of India has phoned to congratulate the Prime Minister of Bangladesh on her victory in the Assembly elections. Bangladesh has held successful elections.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: MeECL employees under the banner of the All MeSEB Employees Staff Union (AMESU) today held a protest near the Meghalaya Secretariat to protest against the government's plan. center to hand over the work of fire supply to the private sector.
HNAM is deeply saddened by the increase in the number of deaths every day according to the news that it has affected the country. This will also be harmful to the people of Meghalaya.
Umsning Range and school children.
Replying to another additional question regarding the employees in the area where there are ponds, the EM in charge said that it is true that there are employees but When you don't have enough money to feed the fish, you don't have enough money.
This has been looked into by experts based on the fact that pregnant women are at risk of becoming more severely ill from COVID-19 compared to non-pregnant women if they get it. pain.
It is necessary that the government authorities should take action to ensure the true image of Tirot Sing Syiem, whether it is to restore the old image that has not existed for decades or to accept the image of Tirot Sing Syiem. newly developed and researched according to full and complete skills.
To meet with the Governor of the State from the Government is only the Chief Minister of the State, but if there is any problem the Governor of the State can call the Chief Minister for clarification and can also call The Minister shall not be in charge of any Government Department if there is a problem.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: Police of Nongpoh Police Station in Ri Bhoi District have arrested Bah Resender Markhap, 46, on charges of raping a 5-year-old girl. age.
Shillong, June 09: Farmers in Lyngkien, Mawphlang, Mawngap, Marbisu and surrounding areas have lost their crops due to the cold weather in these areas today.
Total number of MLAs from the opposition who stood in the House to support the motion of no confidence in the government was
Police are investigating the incident.
The Naga Students' Union (NSU) Shillong, the Angami Elders' Forum (AEF) Shillong, the Angami Students Union (ASU), Shillong, and the NEHU Students' Union including the Naga Students of NEHU (NSNEHU) have protested. Tura Police Station has investigated into the rape of a student recently inside the hostel of NEHU Campus, Tura.
Furthermore, if there is any dispute or huri hura, according to the Act, it will not be government land because of the word “lease”.
After taking over the District Councils, the Government has handed over this task to the Deputy Commissioners of the Districts.
Some of the senior teachers have received the advance increment while others have not received or have been dismissed even though they joined the post in the same year.
On receiving information about this, the In-Charge of Rani Border Outpost together with his staff immediately rushed to the scene.
Many of the residents have expressed their concern that if the water distributed by the PHE is not available, many of the households will have to buy water because the water supplied through the PHE can no longer be used. use.
Speaking to reporters before filing his nomination paper, he said he is happy to see that Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit has stepped down and this has opened the way for him to contest the election. election.
Investigation is ongoing to arrest the suspects involved in the petrol bomb blast, police said.
These include both women and men.
On the other hand, the union and the people of the area appeal to the government and hope that the demands of the union will be fulfilled as the people have been waiting for for many years.
Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma in his speech said that in 1993, the year when he won for the first time until 1998, it was a difficult year for the independent MLAs. He said that he and Dr Donkupar have won as independent candidates.
The loss of citizenship in Assam means that those whose names are not included in the NRC will lose all the rights of Assam such as voting, government schemes and so on.
This was announced by the Sub-Divisional Magistrate of Mairang Civil Sub-Division, Mairang.
Avoid any signs or objects that can cause electrical fires (telephones, electrical signs, coin fences, high-rise signs, railway lines, windmills, etc.), trees and cliffs.
Saleng A Sangma of the Congress party is the incumbent MLA of the Legislative Assembly and the Congress party has given him the ticket to contest the MP election from this constituency. Purno A Sangma's house is not open.
However, the Education Department of the State Government has appointed contract teachers without advertising and conducting interviews as in many government departments in the District.
“I congratulate all the Meghalaya Police and wish them all the best,” said the DGP while speaking at the meeting. Kezo, who is currently the DG of Nagaland Prisons, will take over the post of DGP of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Naitung 21: Today, 21 cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills, 7 in Ri Bhoi District and 7 in Ri Bhoi District. 1 in West Jaintia Hills District.
Jowai, June 15: The MDA government under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, has expressed its strong opposition to the issue of Work Permit for Bangladeshis. State.
If you don't have a job or a job, you can lead to imprisonment or even death.
The truck was carrying a large quantity of sugarcane with the intention of sending it to Bangladesh. During the night, the two men managed to escape and the BSF seized the truck. This truck has been handed over to the authorities to do whatever is necessary.
Speaking to SP News Agency after a meeting with the relevant authorities, Ampareen said that with the arrival of the new districts, the arrangement of MDC constituencies has been improved. The MLA Constituencies should also be divided into Districts.
The jer ka thoh is the custom of putting the name according to the suit and shor through the prayer.
Dr Donkupar said he won his first MLA election in 1988 and in 1989 there was an MP election and since then the MP election has been won by the Congress party until today.
Chairman of the JAC, Bah Lasting Pala said that the people have been shocked by the promises of the East Jaintia Hills District authorities and NHAI which have ended only in words while the work is far away.
The Prime Minister in his speech at Mann Ki Baat spoke about Bijay Shanti from Manipur for the new design.
In the counting of votes, 13 members supported the CEM and 15 members opposed in the 29-member House.
Whitney Maqueen Lyngdoh Mawphlang won the silver medal in the Women's Sports Model Category and the silver medal in the Bikini Model Category. Sawakani Lakiang won the silver medal in the Women's Sports Model Category and the Bronze Medal in the Bikini Model Category.
In his speech, the Governor of Meghalaya, Dr KK Paul, said that the education that a person receives should be able to save him.
“The SWS-EJHD, today through this statement, has decided to urge and remind all the Dorbar Shnongs or Waheh Shnongs in East Jaintia Hills District, to be vigilant in giving “This will not put our country and our small nation in trouble in the future,” the statement said.
Also present at the meeting were UDP Nongkrem office bearers, Hilarius Warbah, Remington Pyngrope, MLA Mawkynrew Constituency and the mother of HS Shylla. this meeting among others who gave speeches.
He spoke on the need for international cooperation for the development of space technology and its application, saying there have been many relationships between the countries and it is necessary to strengthen them. shudder to kine.
The award was presented by the President of India, Pranap Mukharjee at Bigyan Bhavan, New Delhi on the 3rd of this month. DF War is also a member.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: Two players of Shillong Lajong FC, who played well in the I-League 2015-16, have been selected for the Indian squad. for Team India.
SHILLONG,Lber 29: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today held a National Awakening Day celebration on the occasion of the National Awakening Day. The march will start from Mawlai Polytechnic to Community Hall Jaiaw.
On the other hand, the two women's organizations said that in such cases there will be those who take advantage and the government knows that if it is held at the Additional Secretariat, there will be no trouble. Madan Student to get the opportunity to produce huri hura.
Meghalaya has already issued announcements from the government and Assam cannot say anything, but according to information received, Assam has also issued announcements. They have already prepared, what remains is only the announcement.
“As it is now, it is a problem, because the election to elect a new Chief Executive Member has come before.
Police have arrested Bearsingh T Sangma for allegedly involvement in the incident.
He said that the delay in installing 100 beds at the Community Health Center (CHC) in Mawkyrwat due to the relocation of the room has caused a lot of trouble to the people.
Arts & Cultural Secretary – Emerald M Rymbai Disciplinary Secretary – Trainbormi War Office Secretary – Niwel Papiah and seven (7) Executive members of the JSU Central Body.
It is sad to know that many of the families when they are seriously ill when the patient is admitted to the ICU, they ask where the MHIS Card is, at such times it is difficult to get the MHIS Card. handshake.
Not only that, this will also help the government authorities to understand better the problems of the villages which they are facing at these times as has been done by other districts of the state”.
The PHE Department, the Water Resource Department and the Soil and Water Conservation Department are working together on many projects, worth about T.8000 crore.
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the organization expresses its deep sorrow that they have not been able to take part in the last rituals of this deceased. Young people, the KSU promises in front of you that as soon as we have the opportunity, we will come out to give peace to her family and also to honor her.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah PN Syiem today introduced a resolution in the House to cancel the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between the two countries. The No Objection Certificate (NOC) was signed between the District Council and UCIL and issued to the same company by the previous EC.
Shillong, Nailur 22: KSU Namdong Unit led by Samla Chanbor War and Nartiang Unit President Samla Rangbah Habanjop Raliang on Tuesday met with the Superintendent Engineer of KSU Namdong Unit. J. Patlong on the request to set up a 33KV Sub-Station in Namdong, West Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, November 22: For the first time in the history of the KHADC, a Christmas celebration was held at the ground floor of the office today. Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, said that the meeting was held.
The central theme of this year's Women's Day is to demand that all men, women and men should have the same rights. school that day.
Shillong, November 18; The HYC strongly condemns the statement of the Chief Minister of Tripura that the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016 does not affect us as a nation.
Don Sumer said that in his speech in the KHADC dorbar, he said that the allocation of T.133 crore has been like a powerful magnet that has attracted even the church leader.
It reiterated India's growth for the 2023-24 fiscal year and said it would rise to 6.3% from 6.1% as forecast in November
As part of Independent India.
The union urges the police to work hard to arrest those involved and not just arrest those who are found.
This behavior of the police is rude and insulting to the members of the party because without sufficient evidence they went to raid the homes of the party members.
In this regard, Bah Adelbert said that he has also met with the Secretary of the Central Recruitment Board, Mary GT Sangma to seek clarification on the basis on which the advertisement was issued. in the year
This happened at the same time that the Khasi Students Union (KSU) held a rally in the morning to protest against the Citizenship (Amendment) Rule,
There are also mixtures of oil.
In fact, this honorable court should not take such a decision immediately but should allow the people to think carefully about this and if it should change the current coal mining method. I don't want to give a warning to the public but I don't want to close it completely.
During the meeting, the Hima requested the District Administration to issue a permit so that they can set up a gate before the tourists enter Sohra. want to work with the government.
Referring to his casting of vote today, he said that the rule allows a member of the House to cast his vote by taking the ballot paper from the Secretary and signing it. named as the Leader of Mawkhar-Pynthor Constituency and fulfilled his duties as the Leader.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) on Thursday decided to inform the State Government on the problems faced by the youth who have learned in the field of employment and the harassment of the youth. Khasi-Pnars living on the border of Assam and Meghalaya including the lack of attention of the Government to resolve the border issue.
Guwahati, March 08: The Minister of State for Home Affairs, Nirmala Sitharaman, on Tuesday visited the North East for the first time since she assumed office. The Minister of State for Home Affairs, Dr. Aman Warr, has arrived in Tezpur today.
Perhaps in the years to come, perhaps there will be more women who will be able to participate in the Khadar governance, perhaps the voice of women will be heard throughout the country.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has appointed the second Acting Chief of the Mawiang Hima, Basan Jrastan L. Peinlang, on 24th April 2013, after the Executive Dorbar expressed its strong opposition to the former Acting Chief, Bah Cheerfulman Syiem, for not inviting the Basan to the Executive Dorbar. , of the Hima, as of today, the KHADC authorities have not enacted or made the Act or Rules of the Hima Mawiang Syiemship.
He said that such cases have happened in the past.
Sohra, March 24: UDP candidate Balajiedkupar Synrem has won the mid-term elections from the 26th Shella Assembly Constituency by 6221 votes against Grace Mary Kharpuri candidate. individual.
The meeting was conducted by Bah HS Diengdoh, President of the Badminton Association.
The clash between the Khasi-Pnars and the Karbi in Lapangap village has occurred after it was alleged that the Karbi have cut down the trees planted by the Pnars on Lum Moo Pyrdet Pynthor to strengthen their identity. own this bag.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, President of the party, Bah R Dohling, said that the party has clarified that this does not mean that the party is against or banning foreign vehicles from entering the state. can the State.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister said that it is a pleasure to see that despite the struggle between the parties during the MDC elections, this spirit for the sake of the people has come together for the sake of the people. the great cause of the nation and the state.
This year due to the COVID-19 pandemic, those from the church have been allowed to attend the ceremony and those who have been allowed to attend are only from the CMC and the flower laying ceremony. I'm going to do this today because I'm not sure what to do.
On the other hand, the leaders of the party are concerned about this as the Christmas season is approaching and the situation in Garo Hills is unstable. members of the party and will also affect the peace talks.
With the availability of CCTV/cameras and staff, we expect that this will not only reduce traffic jam but also ensure the safety of children going to school”.
Shibun Lyngdoh President of the Meghalaya BJP said the celebration also showcases the work of the government under the leadership of the Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi in implementing many schemes to help the people.
Appeals against the orders of the DGROs will be subject to the decision of the State Food Commission.
In particular, the LYWA appeals to the people to give their full support and cooperation to the KSU, not to be deceived by the government to implement the railway project.
Speaking at the handover ceremony of the Ambulance at Dongki Ingding PHC on 05th July, 2021, Bah Metbah said this from the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma. accepted by Company National Highway Infrastructure Development Corporation Limited (NHIDCL).
National People's Party (NPP) Leader Roger Benny Sangma has called on the people to join the rally for peace. at this time.
The scheme was introduced by the MLA through the PWD Roads Department through the General State Scheme 2022-2
The FOCUS scheme does not cost any money as alleged, this is a grant and this money has been given to the group and not to the private sector, this grant is T.5000 tyngka to the group and T.5000/ - The money is the grand and not the money, said the Chief Minister.
The State Government in 2020 has sent to the Central Government a Resolution to implement the Inner Line Permit in Meghalaya which was approved by the State Legislative Assembly in November,
: The President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) Dr DD Lapang has announced the names of the Congress candidates for the MDC elections to be held on the 24th of June. Victor Ranee from Jirang, Augustine Wahlang from Nongpoh, RB Shadap from Mawhati, Dipul R Ryntathiang from Umsning and Albinus from Umsning. Lyngdoh of Umroi, Marbok Kharpran of Sohryngkham, Banteidor Lyngdoh of Mawkynrew, Jansing Tynsong of Lyngkyrdem Laitkroh, Anthony Kongwang of Nongshken, Pynthymmaibor Chyne of Shella, Pynthymmaibor Chyne of Shella, Pynshngailang Syiem of Mawkynlang. Ronnie V Lyngdoh of Mylliem, Yalanda R Mylliemngap of Laban Mawprem, Rocky Hek of Mawkhar Pynthorumkhrah, Havergail E Bareh of Jaiaw, Teiborlang Pathaw of Mawlai, Lamphrang Blah of Mawphlang Diengiei. HDR Lyngdoh of Nongspung Sohiong, Lawrence Basaiawmoit of Mairang Nongkhlaw, Julius C Diengngan of Mawthadraishan, Diverland Lyngdoh of Mawkyrwat, Manstudy Nongrem of Langrin, Dr Adviser Pariong of Kim Marbani. of Rambrai and Bah Sral Rashir of Mawshynrut.
The decision of the KHADC to oppose the proposal to implement the CrPC and CPC in the areas where there are tribals will affect the District Council courts and other courts under the District Council.
Shillong, July 29: The filing of nominations for the Assembly elections will start tomorrow morning and end on the 6th of next month.
Shillong, March 26: The Food and Civil Supplies Department of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has announced the deadline for the renovation of ration shops and petrol stations. it is time to renew.
The Central Government allocates funds only for the construction of houses, improvement of roads and storage facilities but does not allocate funds for the purchase of goods.
He said that if the youths do not go to put the petition, what will happen to them even though the central government has already released it since last year? They said that this government has not done anything in the field of education.
They also said that the Minister has promised that they will meet again soon after they have met to discuss with the Department of Tourism.
Shillong, July 10: The Ryntih Football Club of Meghalaya and the Minerva Academy of Punjab have signed a memorandum of understanding in Shillong on January 9, 2022 to promote football in the state.
Because many of these people are grateful liars.
The Additional Director General of Police (CID), SK Jain said that in Meghalaya, the number of suicides in Meghalaya has reached 80 percent. this suicide rate is between 15 and 44 years old.
New Delhi, Jymmang 14: The Commission, in its commitment to transparency and information, has decided to update the information on the activities taken within the MCC, following complaints received from political parties. world, having completed two months of implementation.
This will be for the parts of the house that have already been built that are not damaged and for both the left and right parts after which they will be able to do something in the future.
To avoid the protest, the government should think again and cancel the proposal to issue work permits to Khar Bangladeshis, said Dalseng Bira Ch.
The State Government should look into the loss-making government corporations or cooperatives to prevent the waste of money in spending on them.
Shillong, March 12: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Bah PS Dkhar, on Tuesday said that the office has not given permission to hold a fish tournament for many months. I gave the buskit to the winner.
New Delhi, June 26: Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Tuesday said that the Union Government has not collected any tax on agricultural income.
The niangryndia eats well on this leaf.
The Chief Minister also urged the Chief Ministers of the States to look into the climate change due to the onset of the dry season and the diseases that may come to the country. this season.
She said that she didn't know that these four men had raped her and ringed a video of her but it wasn't until they posted the video on social media in June, learn that they have done this evil thing.
Others have counted the diseases, and you have counted the deaths.
The UDP party, which has the most MLAs, has three ministers out of seven MLAs and the president of the party, Bah Metbah Lyndoh, who is the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, has already made it clear that the party has three ministers out of seven MLAs. The UDP has no ministerial position.
East Khasi Hills District has a lot of talented badminton players who have the hope to improve and keep pace with the badminton players in India.
During the meeting with the SHG members, the officers stressed on the importance of water and the need to conserve it.
What the government wants is to get back the bodies of those who were allowed to enter the coal mine but as it is now, all the means have been tried but there is no sign that anything can be done.
The arrest of these GNLA leaders came after the state police had worked hard to curb the presence of insurgents in the district.
If the protest does not succeed, NEHUSU will meet with the Governor to send a petition to the Ministry of Human Resource Development to inform what is happening inside the school. Sir.
The NCCI strongly condemns this.
Although the announcement has not been received from the RO of the 2-Tura (ST) Parliamentary Constituency, the NPP candidate has won more than 100,000 votes against the Congress candidate.
It is worth mentioning that more than T.57,628 crore has been received by 3 crore women beneficiaries, and this shows the benefits of this scheme in the empowerment of women.
At the NEHU salon, there have been some scholars who have been great in their field of expertise, but they have not yet been as prominent in society as those scholars in the past.
The Minister of Border Area Development, Rakkam A. Sangma on Tuesday requested the State Government to accept the proposal to connect Baghmara village in South Garo Hills with Guwahati by rail. , Assam.
The BJP has already sent a letter to the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi demanding that the CAB should be passed in the North East. They should answer if they don't answer they will leave the BJP party. The nation is more precious than the party the party comes later, if this CAB is a law if the North East cannot be liberated The Khasi people of India will be a source of inspiration for the minorities of the North Eastern Region of India and especially for the Khasi people.
Dr Mukul said the tender has been handed over to the Revenue Department of the government to do whatever is necessary, but the tender should be through National Biding and the winner will have to to market this product throughout the country.
The confiscation of banknotes was not the objective of demonetisation.
The Seng also urges the youth who have received the resolution and those who will receive it, to choose carefully the subjects they should study, so that it will not fail and will become more accurate as they grow older. in the study.
Prestone said that if all these six areas cannot be resolved, some parts of the border dispute can be resolved. Prestone Tynsong, Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
The Chief Minister said that tourism will be one of the centers of income generation in the state which the government has taken steps to develop.
Ka Tbian Ki Sur Hara, Ka Tbian Ki Sur Hara, followed by Chad Lahoo and others, who started the opening ceremony, performed traditional songs even in the cold. There is also a traditional dress code.
At this meeting, the Central Body leaders will also explain the 100% salary increase for Adhoc School teachers as approved by the Cabinet meeting recently.
Other suggestions of the HYC to the committee are that the village officials should not have any responsibility.
They open the way for the fulfillment of the dreams of all people.
From the second bag, police recovered a Chinese-made pistol, a pistol magazine, 13 bullets, Dynamite Tikli, 2,110 kilograms of explosives and other items. Shillong, Jymmang 02: The Superintendent of Police (SSP) Shillong, Jymmang 02: The Superintendent of Police (ESP) East Khasi Hills District today said that at noon today, police have arrested One bomb was seized and another member of the HNLC was arrested. In a statement sent by the police, the bomb was seized today. and the bomb blast on Sunday in Khyndailad.
Police entered the villages of the tribals and bombed the people.
Speaking as the chief guest at the inauguration of the new bank, Hek said that the presence of banks has also helped the government in providing employment to the youth of the state.
This is according to a statement issued by the President of KSU Laskein Circle, Samla Balawan Suchiang and Samla Javeline Shadap.
The food shops in the villages will open in consultation with the magistrates. The residents should not worry that the food items are sufficient and the office is ensuring that there will be no price increase.
Among those killed were an Assistant Pastor, two Nokmas, two government employees, 14 traders and 5 others who were injured. shitom with your own umsyep.
Critical Thinking, 4.
The Assam Government's claim that Mukroh falls under West Karbi Anglong shows that this incident is well prepared so that the people of those areas will be afraid and enter Assam in the next turn. There are 2 States.
Just because you feel that the past was wrong, you shouldn't punish the Khasi youth who are stupid and have nothing to do with the past but who just want to get their rights. less government.
They took this decision after the government ignored their demand to provincialize the teachers. On the same day, they took the decision. They said that they can postpone the Teachers' Day if the government does not call for talks before the 4th of November.
In connection with these two national levels, the winners including officials and referees have been selected to take part in the World Level 2023 to be held in Kazakhstan in April
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: The KHNAM State Youth Wing today closed down the office of INGOU at NEHU. private offices which open their offices on these special days whether it is the day of Shad Nongkrem, Behdiengkhlam, or others.
Government employees in the district were also honoured, awards were distributed to ASHAs and athletes who brought glory to the district at the 5th Meghalaya Games which was held recently in Tura.
In the first year, the expenditure will be T.217.00 crore.
The Ujjawala Yojana has helped more than 96 million women from disadvantaged sections of the society to get LPG (Liquefied Petroleum Gas) at reduced prices.
The JSU has demanded that the Minister in charge of Education, Bah Lakmen Rymbui should immediately appoint the Principal and Vice Principal before the start of school.
Replying to questions by SP News Agency, MePGDCL Chief Engineer B Wahlang said that what has been circulated today is that they have submitted a proposal but no decision has been taken. it’s still just a proposal.
Any child who is a citizen of India and residing in India, who has not exceeded the age of 18 years (by the last date for submission of proposals) is eligible for this prize.
The vehicle was launched by the President of Shillong Press Club, Bah David Laitphlang in the presence of employees of Tata Motors.
The last 10 years under the Modi government have been a golden era for the Northeast with an unprecedented focus on infrastructure development and conflict resolution, Union Home Minister Amit Shah said on Friday.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday demanded that the Government should immediately reject the letter.
The union also urged the Dy.Chief Minister to allocate special funds for the mushroom mission to implement the mushroom cultivation project in the state.
His visit has brought hope to the people of Lokhra area and part of the Garbhanga Reserve Forest, as at present out of the 14 villages in this area do not have a water supply, schools, light and other necessities.
The members of the South Border Zone who have been sworn in are Ajoymeson Lyngdoh, Vice President, Super Lyngdoh, General Secretary Teimon Syad, Asst General Secretary Barister Suchiang and four others. This is according to a statement sent by the Publicity Secretary, Dapmain Suchiang.
The implementation of Odd and Even numbers will also apply to all vehicles coming from other districts if they intend to enter Shillong. Odd and Even numbers as mentioned earlier.
Such robbery incidents on this road are increasing and recently there was a shootout between the police and the robbers.
Shillong, Lber 20: Timothy D Shira has been elected as the Deputy Speaker of the Legislative Assembly without any objection. .
He said the government has taken all necessary measures to fight against this.
The complaint alleges that the rape was committed by Tengrik R Marak alias Talseng of Saka Boldamgre village near Gambegre in West Garo Hills District. .
Shillong, Lber 24: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) has said in a statement that it is deeply saddened by the shooting death of three Khasi youths. I am from Wahkaji Village, Shillong.
KHNAM SYW has ordered all the shopkeepers who have crossed the border not to disturb the public places, and if the authorities continue to act blindly, we will take other measures in the future.
Dr Arunkumar Sarma, Director General of the North Eastern Centre, said that the scheme will be implemented in the name of Assam and will include other states of the North East. I'm from India.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The Central Executive Committee of KHNAM State Youth Wing (KHNAM) has renewed some of its leading office bearers to strengthen the office bearers of KHNAM State Youth Wing. Thomas Passah President, Iengskhem Suting Vice President, F Marpna General Secretary, S Dkhar Joint Secretary, Connie Thankhiew Chief Organizing Secretary, Samla Vijay Lyngdoh Finance Secretary, Samla Bantei Lyttan Chief Publicity Secretary.
He said that the police have not done anything to check the entry of commercial vehicles from abroad, as at present the number of commercial vehicles in EK is 5721 vehicles.
New Delhi, Nailar 05: The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, today congratulated M Venkaiah Naidu on his victory in the election as the third Vice President of India.
The village dorbar hall was constructed under the Special Assistance Scheme 2017 under the MDC scheme and the cost of the dorbar hall has reached T.5 lakh.
District Council Courts are established under the Administration of Justice Rules, 1953 for those within the Khasi Hills District; the Jowai Autonomous District (Administration) Act, 1967 for the Jaintia Hills District; and the Garo Hills Autonomous District (Administration of Justice) Rules, 1953 for the Garo Hills District.
It is strongly warned that anyone found selling or distributing alcoholic beverages in hotels, shops or even in private homes near the shops will be banned. There will also be a polling station on the 23rd of June.
Application Form: Application forms can be obtained from admission office, located at: Era Business School (EBS), Plot No.HAF-1, Sector 9, Dwarka – 110077  For admissions, please contact: +91 (11) 46451000 or +91 9560790901, Email:The application form can also be downloaded or filled online on theinstituteApplication Deadline:  Last date for submission of application formis 28th June of this month.
“When we turn to the boundary, this announcement from the Hima Mylliem, the Refugee Rehabilitation Colony has been included under the jurisdiction of the Dorbar Shnong Rynjah,” said Bah Pynïaid. pale.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, said that the Government is ready to provide assistance to the residents of the State. Tynsong said that during the meeting with the Deputy Commissioners and the Police, they have been able to discuss the safety measures. The district authorities and the government have been prepared for the cyclone.
The KHADC has received a petition from Maikuli, Raid Marwet, Paham Kanshu, many villages have sent petitions to the KHADC that they do not agree with this arrangement. They should write to the State Government to review the soskular until the approval of the Chief Executive Members.
Shillong, March 22: The Lum Shyiap Pdeng Shnong Mothers Association today awarded prizes to the students who have passed well in the Matric and Class XII examinations. In his speech, Bah AL Hek MLA of this constituency said that, on his part, he congratulated the students who have received the awards. examination and this is necessary to encourage the students.
New Delhi, Nailur 19: The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs of the Union Government under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi has decided to increase the salaries of Aganwadi workers. You can distribute food through the Integrated Child Development Services (ICDS) scheme.
On the other hand, the parents on the Independence Day celebration have taken their children to Nan Polok, Lady Hudry Park, Golf Link, This is evidenced by the fact that these places are filled with children.
The counting of votes will start at 5 pm and it is expected that the counting of votes will not be completed before 10 pm if there is any disruption in the authorities.
At the same time, the VPP said that according to information received from the party workers, there may be an attempt to disrupt the smooth conduct of the elections in the state especially in Jaintia Hills. opportunist.
As part of this struggle, the union will hold a rally on the 9th of this month at Dinam Hall from 10.30 am to 10 pm on the theme “Ban hange noh and on the 4th they will not hold a gala night competition at NEHU. Grassroot feels that women should not In the past, women were marketed as inferior to men, but with the change of time, women should no longer be in that position. women's rights are often hidden, such as rape, assault, rape and many others.
Many of the Congress MLAs have left for Delhi to receive the approval of the Congress Leader Sonia Gandhi. they get ministers.
They said that they have conducted training programs around the area with the participation of schools, villagers, civil society organizations and others in the testing for malaria, the use of longlasting insecticide nets. Swachbharat and Swachbharat should be used together to prevent the spread of insects.
Regarding the pipes, he said that since the outbreak of COVID-19, there has been a joint inspection between the Hima Mylliem, the government and KHADC. The scheme to build them will be submitted to the government.
This day is a special day for the Indian Army because it was on this day that India won against Pakistan and with this victory the present Bangladesh was born.
The aim is to return to the old farming methods to educate the people to understand the need to extract the wealth from the soil in Meghalaya which will be the gold of wealth if implemented. Agriculture as in the old days with the knowledge of today.
Shillong, July 01: U Minister in charge of Land and Natural Resources, Bah Kyrmen Shylla today paid a visit to condole the deaths of four people in the landslide in Nongpriang village. .
Regarding those who have returned to quarantine facilities, there are two types of quarantine facilities. Those who want to stay in government quarantine facilities don't have to pay anything but if there are those who want to stay in hotels, they are happy to pay. long and Director.
With the resignation of these two cabinet ministers, the opportunity has opened up for Dr Mukul Sangma to replace the ministers within his cabinet.
He said that in the recruitment he prefers the children who live in the neighboring villages of the hospital which the Director also expressed the same feeling.
He also congratulated the Ministry of Social Welfare for announcing the Drug Reduction, Elimination and Action Mission (DREAM) on July 27, 2023 with the goal of making the state a free state. from drugs," and said, “it is a necessary policy, without fail, with the goal of eradicating the drug addiction and making the state drug-free.
He said the CoRP is now in protest along with other political parties under the banner of CoMSO to demand from the central government to implement the ILP in Meghalaya to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners. be a threat to the country and the nation.
Boston Marak received 17 votes, Shukhran K Sangma received 11 votes while the Deputy Chairman received no votes. she didn't vote.
The difficulty in timely completion is due to limited funds.
For more information, please call Sardar Police Station 0364-2224400, Cantonment Beat House 0364-2544124 and Police Control Room 0364-2
Bah RG Lyngdoh, demanded that there should be an inquiry into the incident to find out the people involved in the bomb blast, and alleged that this may have something to do with the mining. coal.
Mawkyrwat, Iaiong 24: The KSU Mawkyrwat Circle is deeply saddened by the rapid growth of crime in the area through alcohol which has affected the minds of many youths in the area.
The Seng expresses its concern over this issue especially this PHC which has provided services not only to the people in the village but to the area as a whole, the Seng also encourages the staff of the PHC They have worked hard to provide care to their fellow citizens especially at this time when we are in the midst of the struggle against covid –
In a statement, the HNLC also condemned the robbery of the police as it was reported in recent days that a 70-year-old man was stabbed to death at Dawki Police Station. .
Shillong, July 06: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma, who is the leader of the National People's Party (NPP), at a public meeting in Mawsynram Dongeng, has accused the Congress party of being corrupt. Dr Mukul K Sangma as the leader.
The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya has written a letter to the Armed Forces in Shillong requesting for their cooperation with the Government to prevent the spread of COVID-19 in Meghalaya. shudon who shitom in this state.
and I can say that perhaps it is the kind of issue that we are going to expel those Dkhar employees of the Ministers and say let's see what happens you want to do like this.
The Department of Agriculture, the State Government and the MBMA have supported these groups so that they can take over the land of the exploiters or middlemen so that they can produce more. many and market further.
Shillong, July 21: Four persons from East Khasi Hills, one from Ri Bhoi and one from West Jaintia Hills have been confirmed positive for COVID-1 There have been 20 cases in the state so far.
The treatment was supervised by BSF doctors from Bamantila, Adarghat and Kasinda villages.
Almost all the members of the House, whether from the opposition or the ruling party, congratulated the Deputy Chairman and the members of the House. The House of Representatives has decided that there is nothing to do.
Other speakers included Roshan Warjri Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Rooni V Lyngdoh Minister of Urban Affairs. He said the Hima wants to work with the government to improve the market.
Within 24 hours, East Khasi Hills Police have arrested Tarson Lymba from Dawki and Ebakordor Nongpluh from Mawlai, Shillong.
Shillong, November 13: Police have seized an Alto (ML-11-1605) while searching vehicles on the NH-6 at Mawyngkneng. that there were 12 bottles and filled with Pyrsian wine.
Speaking to reporters, he said that he was just talking about what happened in the media. There were some phone calls and he answered them. It should be discussed and resolved not only within the party, but it should also be understood how you will respond to such issues to resolve issues within the party.
The meeting was attended by the Minister of Home Affairs, Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of Urban Affairs, Sniawbhalang Dhar, Jowai MLA W. Shylla, DC of East Jaintia Hills, West Jaintia Hills and officers of the Ministry of Home Affairs. that District.
Shillong, Naitung 29: Police on Tuesday arrested 26 Bangladeshis who illegally entered India and registered a case against them under the Foreigners Act. at Lum Shnong Police Station.
The GSU has vowed that it is ready to hold protests to force the Meghalaya government to resolve the issue of students who have been selected to study in Medical Colleges. Shillong, Nailur 01: The Additional Chief Secretary of the Government of Meghalaya, PW Ingty, on Tuesday said that the government has rejected the students in Assam. The Meghalaya government has spoken to the Assam government regarding the issue of the students.
Shillong, Iaiong 01: The three-day Shad Suk Mynsiem at Weikieng Square will start on the 7th of this month and end on the 9th of this month, organized by the Khasi Seng Kmie Mawkhar.
The Additional Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills, told SP News Agency, that the robbers entered the house at 11.00 pm and stabbed the couple until they were seriously injured. .
On the other hand, the VC promised that a meeting will be convened with all the Principals, Teacher Leaders, State Government officials and civil society organizations to discuss the issue. He said that if the NEP is implemented, the benefits will be for the students and many other benefits will be provided to the students.
More than 2,500 delegates from Tamil Nadu will travel to Kashmir.
The Seng also warns all the coal owners, contractors or anyone who wants to protect foreigners because the Seng knows that many of them come to work especially the coal workers in Nongjri, Rajaju, Diengan, Nongumsur, Saw Kilo, Porkut, Nongkulang and others are Nepalis, Bangladeshis and people we don't know where they come from.
“We have met with the DC of EJHD who is also the Regional Transport Officer (RTA) of EJHD today at his office and we have also submitted our petition to him and demanded that he He said that it is now up to him and the office of the DTO of EJH to implement the Local Taxi Khliehriat Region which has been implemented since 2011 but has not yet been implemented. “It's been a long time since the EJHD was under the jurisdiction of the EJHD,” said WS Suting, President of AJYWO-EJZ. “Now we have our own district, we have our own DTO Office and our own Regional Transport Authority, so the time has come. I urge the office of the Deputy Commissioner and also the DTO of EJHD to implement the Local Taxi Region which has been implemented since
Marwein said that only the ILP can protect against the infiltration of foreign authorities in Meghalaya. If the government does not accept their demand, it will not be worth continuing. it is better to leave this meeting.
Shillong, July 20: BSF troops patrolling the border with Bangladesh in West Jaintia Hills District have seized 17 cows while they were trying to smuggle them into Bangladesh.
Bah Diengdoh said that they will start their strike at 10.30 pm at the MCCL office in Shillong. the government has not responded to their demand.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that if the Congress wants to pay, why should it come to the government? The cost of living but to talk only in the newspapers will end or if there are those in their families that is another matter.
Experts have consistently warned against careless behavior and mass gatherings as it can lead to an increase in cases.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, he said that this is an opportunity for the youth of Meghalaya to apply because the most important thing is the land and those who don't have land can apply. also makes no difference.
Shillong, November 19: Thousands of people have gathered in the Legislative Assembly today while the discussion in the Legislative Assembly is going on to take a decision to implement the Inner Line Permit (Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation 1873). to the IGP to wait for the news of what the House will do on this demand of the people.
Shillong, Naitung 25: The land vendors from Bimola Point to Sohra Stand today attacked the Enforcement Officers of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) while they were on their way to check the vendors. field in the area.
It was also decided that the post of Chairman of the House will go to the UDP. The ARPA has 17 MDCs, the HSPDP has 7, the UDP has 6 and the KHNAM has
It is called the subject of knowledge about the customs and traditions of the people or the heritage of the nation.
The CPC has spoken to the police to ensure the safety of vehicles and has requested the believers to refrain from driving vehicles but to walk or sit in four vehicles. government.
If it was stolen money you couldn't put in the bank, how much would you hide? One day, it will be found out," he added.
Restaurants and hotels are also allowed to open but only to take orders.
Considerations should also be followed regarding the sale/transportation of jhur such as sohsaw, phulkubi, jhur sla jyrngam, sohkhia and other types of jhur obtained from them. mountain/field.
At the same time, the union sends this message to the law enforcement authorities to investigate and punish those involved in violating the order of the DC not to carry more than 9 tonnes so that it shall be a blessing to all.
As a leader to protect the Jaitbynriew, he has changed his mind by issuing NOC for the two lane road for uranium mining.
Shillong, March 14: The Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem, MLA and MDC of the Congress party, on Tuesday said, “I have not received a letter of suspension from the Congress party. all I know is verbally".
It is learned that the BSF in charge of this area does not allow Indians to farm near Mawthmu while Bangladeshis come to farm near Mawthum.
They said that although the children of thousands of people go out and go wherever they want, they hold firmly to their rights in terms of customs and traditions, rights to land, forests and land, waters, rivers, the right to mineral resources, land, and especially in governance, customs and judgment.
The meeting was attended by Shri Metbah Lyngdoh, President, UDP; Prestone Tynsong, Dy.CM (NPP) Bah.
Leaders of the Jaintia Students Union (JSU) on Tuesday met with the Director General of Police (DGP) Idashisha Nongrang and requested her to strengthen the work of the police especially in the border villages of in the Jaintia Hills.
The BJP will continue to investigate how the state owners have been banned while the companies have been able to transport Mawshun.
The Seng also demands that the government should immediately provide assistance to those families who were affected by the cyclone on the 12th of this month.
At this public meeting, the party discussed the MLA election to the Legislative Assembly to be held in early
But they both went straight and entered the meeting.
At the same time, the government has requested the public to come out and take part in the celebration of this great day. rule of the Ri.
At the inauguration ceremony, the Chief Minister said that Meghalaya will celebrate its 50th Anniversary in 2022 and as a celebration of the lyngkhuh anniversary of government to inaugurate 50 development schemes in the state.
The meeting also saw a demonstration on these resources under the leadership of Arup Chakraborty Junior Engineer, MNREDA, who demonstrated many of the ways and means to benefit from the environment. environment in the state.
The CEC stands firmly against the state government's efforts to assist Star Cement in obtaining Environmental Clearance from the Central Government. the Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary and Eco Sensitive Zone and the pollution of the Lukha River.
Shillong, Naitung 01: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah PN Syiem, on Tuesday said that they are surprised to find that the government in 1075170 acres was given by the Syiem of Sohra to the British Government in 1805. This land was planted with surrounding boundaries and approved by the Chief Commissioner of Assam.
The MLA's remarks came on the dispute over the ownership of the land.
“As the party, we do not agree that foreigners should manage the land of the Khasi and take money from the Khasi themselves,” said the statement.
Therefore, the Seng demands that the Government should immediately implement the Sub Center at Sohphoh Village, so that the people can benefit from the existence of this Sub Centre. government, said the young Hercules suit.
During his four terms as an MDC, Bah Teinwell has served as Speaker of the KHAD Legislative Assembly, as Leader of the Northern Party and as Chief Executive Member.
The Executive Committee of KHADC, in honor of Bah Teiñwell, has announced a midday holiday on the 28th of this month at all the offices of the Council.
This is according to a statement sent by Bah Enlang Sawian HYC Education.
It is our view that policies like the UCC will cause confusion and need to be rejected outright immediately.
In a meeting with the minority groups, she said that many of the schemes provided by the central government for them do not receive information. many times public explanations so that the little ones can get the benefits.
Embhah MLA of Mawlai Town Dorbar Committee said that the Mawlai Town Dorbar Committee will meet with the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma to discuss the issue.
These men who were not accepted by AIIMS, were brought to NEIGRIHMS,” said Bah Synrem.
She said that everyone is well aware of the situation at NEHU that not only on that day there are people who cover their faces and carry weapons but also on other days.
In a statement sent by the BJP, it said that four innocent people lost their lives inside the area where the Chief Minister was standing in front of Ampati.
Therefore, without hesitation, to build a statue that stands firmly to stir up the shadem or like a forest that stands in anger against the enemy, and the most important thing is that it is not with phyllung dohksah like those that struggle in the field. but like the heroes of that age who have encountered the environment, whether in the fields or in the fields, in the fields or in the forests.
Sohra, Naitung 31: U Bah Teinwell Dkhar MDC from Shella constituency and Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday said that the wish of the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Dr Donkupar Roy The purpose of the meeting was to establish the South East Khasi Hills District in Sohra.
On the other hand, the KSU Narpuh leader also asked why the Wildlife Department of the state government has not lodged a complaint against this because the site to take Star Cement is near the The Narpuh Wild Life Sanctuary is not allowed to enter the Narpuh Wild Life Sanctuary.
Dozens of youths on 10th November 2017 have joined the KSU with the desire to serve better and more efficiently to their village and the nation as a whole.
Applications can be obtained from the DC's office with a Court Fee stamp of 25 tyngka.
The Union Minister has stressed that equal opportunities should be given to all, in democracy political parties should be free from partisanship and should be free from The annual scheme prevents the people and the youth from taking part in the development of the country.
The school was built on November 8, 2014 and was targeted to be completed within 24 months but it has not been completed for six years.
Shillong, November 23: The Minister of State for Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises, Bhanu Pratap Singh Verma will participate in the Visit Bharat Business Yatra (VBSY) to be held on November 24 and 25, 2023 in Meghalaya.
The meeting of the MSPB Working Group-1 decided to inspect the Myntdu Leshka HEP (2 x 42 + 1 x 42) MW and the Umtru HEP project. It was decided to convene and meet again with MeECL and the Power Department to review the implementation of the schemes and also to discuss the power policy of Meghalaya.
In a statement, FKJGP Garo Hills Zone President Pritam R Marak said that the AAMSU's statement at this time is that they are not yet mature.
“If Assam is affected gradually, other parts of the North East will be affected.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, MLA of Mariang, today inaugurated the Fire and Emergency Service Training School at Mairang.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Banjop said that it was during the closure of the dam that the need for mobile phones was realized and this showed the need for internet and many of the towers. some in the state did not work.
When asked about the reports that Bah Sorgy came to Meghalaya to surrender, the DIG said, “The person who left for Bangladesh has made it clear that if he wants to surrender, he should have He stayed in Shillong while the HNLC was in talks with the Government and according to our view, his return to Bangladesh and return from Bangladesh, what it shows, I leave it to you to understand this.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The National League for Democracy (HNLC) in a statement today through its Publicity Secretary, Bah Saiñkupar Nongtraw, on Tuesday said that the nine states of the North East have been in power for 67 years. of India are the roots of Indian identity.
His passing away is a great loss not only to his family members or fellow members of the HNYF, but also to the country and the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum. .
The Chairperson of the NCW, also alleged that people just to get money are not willing to sell alcoholic beverages such as drugs which has caused evil in the society. Shillong, Naitung 08: Shillong, Naitung 08: The NCW has a big role not only to blame the government, but also today the NCW. The KSU has continued to inspect the workers at various workplaces in Mawlai and Mawpren area to ensure that the workers should have Work Permit.
Police together with the Fire and Emergency Service accompanied by the Bomb Squad and K-9 dogs rushed to the scene to conduct a thorough investigation.
He said that only 20% of the youth of South Garo Hills are currently studying and if the government does not do anything, the number of students will decline further.
Shortly after, the doctor came out and spoke with a smile and talked in the ground floor of the CHC and did not call for a conversation even in the room.
It was in the afternoon that the District Administration came to talk and reached an agreement that the police and members of the party will be present at the checkpoint. 20 –Wed.
“This has been approved by the Executive Committee of the National Health Mission,” said Ram Kumar in a letter to the MS of Nongstoin Maternity and Child Health, Hospital.
East Jaintia Hills District has the right to receive this treatment program for drug addicts especially the youth of the area. that they may be free from this misleading drunkenness in their lives.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with the Chief Minister, the Doloi of Darang Elaka, Bah P Lymba, Chairman of the JAC and Shemphang Mukhim, General Secretary, said that they have demanded that the government should to cancel the proposal to build a dam to generate electricity on the Umngot River.
“On my part as a volunteer in the field of public works, I hold fast to my promise to continue to serve the people as much as I can. I am with you in the name of the Lord God.
“Due to the closure of some toll gates after the GST, the time taken by trucks to travel from Byrnihat in Ri-Bhoi district to New Delhi has reduced from three to three days,” he said. added.
Ed of the 1st batch released by NIOS on 22nd July this year which is also the third time that the results have been released after many problems in the results released by NIOS on 22nd July this year. 9 November and 4 December 2016.
New Delhi, Lber 28: Justice Ritu Raj Awasthi today took oath as a member of the Lokpal Bench of India. you are the member of the Lokpal of India.
The new District will only upgrade the Sohra Civil Sub Division to a District and there will be only three or four villages which will not be included in the new District. The District is not appropriate.
On the other hand, Dr Mukul said that many times the delay in sending police teams from one place to another causes problems because once the clashes reach the ground, they cannot be stopped.
The Mahotsavkan will start from 10 am to 8 pm.
There should be drug treatment centers run by the government, these treatment centers should be separate for women and men, to assist the centers to rehabilitate those affected by drug addiction. drug use.
The death toll from Ri Bhoi District has risen to 1622, 7 cases have recovered, 46 cases are still in critical condition, 8 cases have died. in the hospital for treatment.
Regarding the CAB, the MDCs have left for Delhi to express before the Union Home Minister that they are against the CAB but the Union Government has moved forward.
As initially decided, the Ministry through the NEC has already allocated T.25 crore to the North Eastern States to combat the spread of COVID-1
In the morning, the Holy Mass was conducted by Archbishop Rev Dominic Jala as the Chief Priest in the presence of priests from various parishes in the presence of the faithful. with joy and with devotion in this service at the holy mass.
The purpose of this day to pray for the dead is that, in the belief of the Catholic Church, when a person dies from this world he goes to his Creator.
The Seng urges the district authorities as well as the officers from the C&RD Block and other government departments to expedite in providing assistance to this family who has lost one life.
The Prime Minister welcomed the active participation of the people from the North East and spoke about the decision of the Modi government to send government officials and a nine-day delegation to the North Eastern states.
Their strike started on the 17th of this month and continues today.
Shillong, July 30: The Director of Health Services (DHS) today said that eight persons have tested positive for COVID-19 in Easy Khasi Hills District.
The election will be held at Dinam Hall Shillong.
TABLE LAMPM39VILL.RONGARA TRUNGTOTMA, P.O.RONGARA392013-02-0160INDEPENDENT1.
Minister of State for Electricity Abu Taher Mondal on Tuesday inspected the Myntdu Leshka Hydro Project in West Jaintia Hills District. Bah R.Majaw and officials of MePGDCL. The purpose of the visit was to understand how much electricity is being generated from this power plant and to see the needs and discussion on how to improve this sector. and the work will be completed by 15 July
Therefore, the Seng requests all the members and also the Seng invites and invites all the farmers from different villages and areas to come and join hands with us. We have organized this meeting so that we can discuss these issues that we face from time to time.
There have been seven recoveries, five from East Kahsi Hills and two from West Garo Hills. The total number of recoveries in the state has risen to 83,3
On this occasion, the Chief Superintendent of Police (DGP) Meghalaya paid tribute to the religious leaders and civil society organizations who have worked hard to bring back these youths who have been misled. that they may walk in the way of righteousness.
On Facebook, the Deputy Commissioner of Jowai, wrote, “We have abandoned all efforts to remove the idols from the Myntdu River, but we have built an 8 feet by 8 feet water tank. The height is 4 feet, and the cost for this was funded by the Chief Minister's Youth for Green Campaign.
On the other hand, the Advocate General, Meghalaya, who represented the government, said that the Secretariat of the Governor has not done anything wrong because it has followed the rules in sending the letter. letter of explanation from the university.
Specially invited persons include more than 400 Sarpanches from more than 660 villages, 250 from the Farmer Producer Organization scheme; every 50 beneficiaries of the Pradhan Minister Kisan Samman Nidhi scheme & the Pradhan Minister Kaushal Vikas Yojana; 50 Shram Yogis of Central Vista Project.
: A group of youth job seekers on Tuesday vowed to appeal to the Ingbsihar Meghalaya High Court if the State Government fails to resolve the delay in the age of recruitment in the Police Department.
Coins that do not have this sumbol issued before that year are also coins and the people should accept them.
Shillong, Nailur 18: The BJYM Meghalaya is concerned about the spread of drug abuse and drug trafficking inside NEHU, Shillong and other places in Shillong.
The meeting was conducted by Tura MP Conrad K Sangma, welcome speech was delivered by the Principal of the College Dr D. Wanswet and the opening speech was delivered by Professor Smiriti Kumar Sarkar Vice Chancellor. old of Burndwan West Bengal.
Shillong, July 22: The Jirang Block Congress Committee (MPCC) has met with the President of the MPCC Dr DD Lapang, along with about 300 leading workers of the Congress party from Jirang Constituency to demand the MPCC President Dr. DD Lapang. Albertus Lapang, who received the support of the Jirang Block Congress Committee, has been awarded the ticket by the Congress Party.
On the Forest Department, PAC Chairman Pyngrope said that according to the CAG report, there is a revenue evasion of about Rs 100 crore due to non-payment of revenue by the people.
On the other hand, Ms Ampareen Lyngdoh said that the Meghalaya Lokayuktya is the office that works for the people if they have any complaints about the work of the public leaders.
Dr. A.A.Mao, Regional Director, Botanical Survey of India, Eastern Complex, Shillong and Dr.S.K.Jha, Assistant Professor, Dept.
The members of the committee also held a meeting where they discussed the work to be done in the future.
Myntri Rangbah Duh spoke about the previous neglect of the development of the border villages.
Shillong, Iaiong 15: The 113th Suk Mynsiem Shad organized by the Seng Khasi Kmie Mawkhar, which was organized by the Seng Khasi Kmie Mawkhar, ended today at Madan Weiking.
Because the whole world knows and understands the dangers of uranium mining.
On this occasion, the PCCF said that he cannot do anything, but they will have to consult with the government and the Forest Department.
It has taken the Government months to find a candidate for the post of Chairperson.
The Minister in charge of Electricity, said that Dr Mukul Sangma's statement is general and there is no evidence. and crane how.
Shillong, March 17: The MPCC President DD Lapang today announced that the party has accepted the resignation of three MDCs from the party. Albinus Lyngdoh, Voctor Ranee and Hedrian Lyngdoh.
The Executive Director of the State Disaster Management Authority (SDMA) today said that 18 people have been killed, 16 injured, 6 missing and 10 others affected. There are 607 cases and 5,43,686 people have been affected.
Batesi TV spoke to the captain of the Meghalaya Cricket Association. He said he never thought he would score 268 runs. that it was his faith in God that he was able to play well.
He said that the District Council is the custodian of the land and the customs handed down from generation to generation.
The report shows that the decline in tobacco use comes after people have been able to use other beverages or foods that do not affect them such as Japan, UK, New Zealand & Sweden compared to countries that do not have access to such beverages that do not affect people such as India, Australia and Singapore.
He said it is surprising how the government allocates money for the salaries of teachers without money.
What the World Bank wants to achieve is to see people improve their incomes, Glahn concluded.
The children of thousands still trust the Syiem of the Hima and it is surprising to know that some people have lodged a complaint against the Syiem. It is to show to the KHADC that the children of the thousands and the priests who elected the Syiem are still giving their full support to the Syiem.
The Seng also thanks the members of the three units who took the time to visit this PHC so that we can find out the truth.
Shillong, July 30: The supporters of Martin M Danggo today decided not to contest against the former MLA of Ranikor Constituency from the BJP. Speaking to reporters, P.Snatiang said that the people who gathered at Shillong Club today demanded that the NPP candidate Martin M Danggo should leave the NPP. The NPP has already announced that it has joined the BJP. These leaders who attended the meeting demanded that he should leave the NPP because the NPP has announced that Martin. Speaking to the supporters, Martin M Danggo said that if they don't nominate him as a candidate, if It is up to the people to decide what to do with him.
In Ribhoi District, out of 63 students who sat for the National Eligibility Cum Entrance Test (NEET), UG, they have left the examination center because they could not complete the written examination. due to the inconvenience in distributing the questions for this examination.
Shillong, June 18: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) through the Farmers and Consumers Protection Cell, after receiving complaints from many residents, has urged the relevant authorities to order to all shopkeepers selling beverages to sell at the prices of all beverages as set by the Government or the relevant authorities.
From the meeting with the Chief Minister, it was said that it will take time for Mawshun to leave the state.
“I would like all the members of this House and all the residents to remember this budget as 'Mission 10', the goal of achieving the state's income growth of USD billion through 10 opportunities and and 10 commitments.
These clinics provide medicines, blood tests, ultra sound, x-rays and others, and for more serious cases, the doctors from these Mohalla Clinics send them to hospitals.
On his part, he encouraged them to continue to work hard to rise higher.
This has angered the members of the party and it has been seen that the indigenous people are banned from walking and standing freely in the markets, churches, schools and others but the people who foreigners have been able to enter the state without any checks at this time when the COVID-19 pandemic is on the rise.
Agarwal said there are 44 LCSs in the North East including seven states – Assam, Meghalaya, Tripura, Mizoram, Manipur, Arunachal Pradesh and Sikkim.
In the Khasi khadar rule, those who are elected are those who are trustworthy, respectable, who have a clean and pure character, who are responsible to all the citizens, to all the children of the thousand. who receives the will of the majority, not by a vote or by a canvass.
Shillong, July 06: The Society for the Promotion of Indigenous Knowledge and Practice (SPIKAP) under the umbrella of UNDP has held a meeting to discuss and plant trees at Law Kyntang Lum Umthli, Raid Diengsaw, Nine schools came to take part.
Due to the rapid increase in the number of cases, besides the facilities prepared by the government, as well as private hospitals, it has been directed to set up quarantine facilities in the villages and areas where the government will provide support. such places where there are also oxygen tanks.
Tura, July 02: The 12 hour curfew called by the civil society in Garo Hills today went smoothly without any incident.
Speaking to reporters today, he said that although the state still has to go through many challenges, it has to move forward in the implementation of this payment through the system. powers according to this present age.
There are 101 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 55 from West Khasi Hills and 22 from West Khasi Hills. 80,900 people.
The three BSF personnel were identified as Head Constable Moni Singh, Constable Sengel Singh and Constable Kdam Kishore.
Sheba’s body was recovered from one room while the bodies of the other two were recovered from another room.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: A total of 88 candidates from 29 constituencies have registered for the MDC election to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). Langrin MDC Constituency where there are six candidates.
The Chief Executive Officer of the State said that during the meeting today, there was a discussion that it will be a suggestion to all that if it is possible to explain to them to come to the places of worship. only those who have already been given Tika.
These people easily could have negotiated a settlement if they only wanted to benefit themselves but they didn’t.
The MDCs of JHADC will be sworn in by the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills and the MDCs of KHADEC will be sworn in by the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills.
On receiving this information, the police rushed to the scene and took the body.
: Chivalry Lartang has been crowned Miss Shillong 2023 while Genevieve Pala has been crowned Miss Super Mom 2023 organized by the Fashion Society Shillong. also celebrated its 40th anniversary.
Samla Laitphar Syngkrem, President of KSU War Jaintia Circle, while speaking at the meeting, said, “The present time is no longer the time to increase the number of words, but the time to increase the number of deeds”. We invite the youth who have the spirit to serve the nation to come forward without hesitation because the nation now needs youth to do something for the nation,” he said.
On the other hand, NEEPCO has no other road, but it has cut off the light to Meghalaya.
Tura, November 20: The seven-hour curfew called by the ANVC(B) to commemorate the deaths of the ANVC(B) members has been held in Garo Hills.
We will confirm their progress,” wrote the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Mansukh Mandaviya.
There were also placards saying that they want to see that there should be no corruption in the purchase of medicines. Engineer and one of the slogans reads “ We want development projects not corruption".
He said that there is no problem to review the Soskular, this action of the MDA government is only for the benefit of the world. the Supreme Court under Article 131 and hopefully the Supreme Court will take a decision.
Referring to the demand for the Inner Line Permit which the state has been demanding from the government for some time and last in 2013 during the tenure of Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma, the Congress party said that The ILP is not required under the Meghalaya Residential Safety Security Act.
The two organizations also strongly condemned the involvement of the Police in uniform during the fishing competition and demanded that the district authorities should ban the fishing competition. within the District.
Shillong, Jymmang 5: U Bah Himalaya Shangpliang MLA of Mawsyrnam from the Congress party on Tuesday said that he is deeply saddened by the strike against commercial vehicles in the state. The MJACCV has the right to demand from the government, but the government's silence and lack of action has brought this problem to the attention of the people and also to the villagers and this has affected the people. sick prostitutes who have difficulty accessing medical care.
Unfortunately, the police released him saying he was under 18 years of age without any evidence or investigation.
The mother complained that her son was raped by a man named Mebanrilang Syiem Shangoi from Umsaw Mawlangsu.
The Cabinet has decided to introduce the Bill in the Legislative Assembly which will start on 9th November.
Now, we have further strengthened connectivity with the region by connecting 4 cities.
In response to the announcement by the President of the United States, the US Consulate General Kolkata's held a meeting in Guwahati in collaboration with the Shakti Vahini to fight against human trafficking. Similar meetings were also held in Ranchi and Patna.
Shillong, July 27: The Election Commission of India (ECI) today announced that the mid-term elections for the 35-Ranikor Constituency in South West Khasi Hills District will be held on the 23rd November South Tura which has been announced in the past few days.
The meeting was a success thanks to the efforts of the muster roll members to attend the meeting.
It’s something uncomfortable.
“My election campaign now is to fight against the backwardness of the area and the share of the people will go to the people and it is not fair to misuse the rights of the people as well as the rights of the people. the right that the constituency has the right to move forward in economic development for the benefit of the people.
After the 2019 elections, the government has come back to power to introduce the CAB,
The JSU reminds all the people of Hynniewtrep that we should not forget what happened in Mukroh last year where up to 5 people were killed by the Assam police. .
He said that tomorrow morning he will leave for Ratabari and Gizang reserved forest to hold a meeting. In Langpih area, the people have already held a public meeting and have already taken the The decision, Bah Pangniang, who is also the president of the HSPDP, said that the people should be the dulir in this border demarcation.
In a statement sent by the West Garo Hills District Police, it said that on 28th October 2022, the police received a complaint that a child has gone missing from home for a day. A complaint has been registered under Tura Women PS Case No. 24 (02) 2022 u/s 366A/376 IPC r/. w 5/6 POCSO Act and investigation has been launched.
Such children need more than an answer from the Government,” she said.
This is the first time that such a motorcycle ride will cover up to 20,000 kms in 75 days and 75 motorcyclists including officers and others are employees of the BRO. The tour will end in New Delhi on 27th November 2021 after reaching all the border areas of India.
But you didn’t have that courage and will to change it.
During the search of the vehicle, the police found a plastic bag hidden inside the driver's seat and when opened, they found a soap box containing blue powder. Heroin weighing 9.9 grams.
The Technical Session – 2 on 19th June 2024 will discuss the main aspects of the Bharatiya Sakshya Adhiniyam, 2023 (BSA) on evidence, the main issue in the hearing.
The arrest was made in collaboration with the police of Mizoram and Meghalaya.
Petrol pump owners in Garo Hills demand that police should be deployed at petrol pumps 24 hours a day. Their demand has been sent to the DC Tura. The district has not provided protection to the petrol pumps.
Shillong, Naitung 10: The Movement for Indigenous Peoples' Rights (MFIPRALM) today sent a petition to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma. NGT) does not understand the existence of District Councils in the state.
On the 25th, the BSF seized 208 cows which were hidden in the forest near the Bangladesh border before being sent to Bangladesh.
On receiving information that the road is very bad, the HPF under the leadership of Bah JF Tmung General Secretary of the HPF Ri Bhoi District in the presence of members of the HPF. journalist Phrikson Trang and Sylvester Lyngdoh.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Yuvraj Malik, Director of the National Book Fair, said that the exhibition will feature books from publishers from all over India and from other countries. this state.
During the inspection, it was found that according to the shallans, the price of piat (a) is T.6500/- per quintal and piat (b) is T.7500/- per quintal. The price of piat (a) shall be T.70/- per kilo and the price of piat (b) shall be T.75/- per kilo.
Speaking on the occasion, Samla Vincent Makriu, Executive Member of the KSU Central Body and In Charge of the KSU Eastern Central Area Unit, said that after receiving a complaint from the KSU, The residents as an organization that takes responsibility for the welfare of the community have visited the area and found that many of the ground has collapsed and also said that this has put in danger to the vehicles. He said that the union will soon meet with the authorities so that the road will not cause any injuries .
I will speak to you at another time.
Nongtraw gave the example of the NSCN (IM). After the Naga leaders entered India to take part in the peace talks in 2002, the Nagaland government withdrew them all. cases against them.
After receiving these RTIs, the union will have to investigate and the union has directed all foreigners who have trading licenses to bring a copy of the license to the shops when they appear. .
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday announced that according to the forecast of the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD), there will be thunderstorms and cold weather in in some parts of the state of Meghalaya.
“In fact, the expectation of the people of Jaintia Hills is that as the days go by, the services of the companies in charge of mobile phone networks in Jaintia Hills will improve. It should be better from time to time as it is in other parts of India and the world, but especially in Jaintia Hills, this has not been as expected by the However, it has been observed that with the passing of the days, the services of the companies in charge of mobile phone networks in Jaintia Hills have declined steadily and this has caused problems to the people in many places. side”.
Those who signed on behalf of the Bakhraw Batri of Mylliem Hima are 45 members to oppose this proposal of KHADC and the actions of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and two ministers.
The party also presented the constitution of the party which clearly states that the President should preside over the General Convention/Council of the party.
W.A Sangma, DD Pugh, BB Lyngdoh, PA Sangma, Shri SC Marak, Dr. F. AKhonglam, Dr. DD Lapang, (L) JD Rymbai, (L) Dr. Donkupar Roy, Dr. Mukul Sangma, etc. don't encourage teachers to take part in politics.
Maligaon, Jymmang 21: The Quick Response Team of the Railway Protection Force in Guwahati has arrested two suspected human traffickers from Guwahati Railway Station on the 17th of this month. moon.
Manoj Kumar, Chairman, KVIC, Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises, said that the sale of Khadi products on Gandhi Jayanti is due to the authority of the Prime Minister. Narendra Modi and the love of the people for him"
The four villages which were destroyed in the first two months of last year are Nongmluh, Mawphansaw, Mawmynsor and Thnangbyrniang.
The border will be resolved soon, but the land will not be pledged and auctioned to Assam.
In this regard, the Commissioner and Secretary of the Secretariat of the Legislative Assembly, Dr. Andrew Simons, has sent a notice to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, in charge of Parliamentary Affairs, to the Leader of the Opposition, Ronnie. V.Lyngdoh, to the MLAs including Bah Charles Pyngrope and Bah Lahkmen Rymbui that the meeting of the Business Advisory Committee will be held on the 2nd of June to discuss the dates of the Budget Session. , 2024.
With the resignation of Bah Pynshngian, the path has been opened for Bah Pyniad to become the new Chairman of the KHADC. council house.
Shillong, March 30: Sardar Patel, son of Ladbai and Jhaveribhai Patel, has four brothers from a poor family from Nadiad village in Kaira district, Gujarat.
The construction of the pipes in the Durgapur-Banka Section requires passing through many hills and rivers.
More entrants will now be allowed in these areas and for this purpose the Department of Information & Broadcasting will issue an SOP in consultation with the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government.
The tournament was held in two parts, the first part was held on the 6th of this month at St. Anthony's College Extension Centre, Byndihati. Khlehriat HS School and Ladrymbai Market.
Fourthly, on the personal interview for Grade or Group A, the Seng has demanded that the personal interview should be conducted in the presence of cameras to avoid theft as has been heard. from time to time.
Synrem said that the party has sent a letter to the Chief Minister, the Deputy Chief Minister and the Minister of Housing, M Marak. The government should return all the tins which the company has already delivered to the blocks and the government should also stop the distribution of these soping tins.
Thousands of people have come to celebrate this festival to preserve their culture.
The purpose of this scheme is to reduce the use of wood for cooking. Instead of wood, a tyndong lyer will be provided in the name of the mothers especially those who are households. who are poor.
It is on this issue that the civil society, leaders and the private sector have raised their hands to provide assistance at such times.
These programs aim to ensure that these well-equipped and adequate resources are well maintained and used effectively for teaching, training, information on health care delivery to throughout the country so that health care will be of the highest quality and affordable to the last person standing in line.
Since that year, he has held various positions in various positions until he was appointed as a Judge of the Meghalaya High Court.
The order issued by Justice W Diengdoh said, “The lawyers in charge of both the cases have already handed over the settlement talks between the two parties which will be temporarily allowed if anything happens again. any compromise, this work will never be fruitful.
According to the BSF, the value of these cows was T.39.44 lakh.
The Meghalaya government is monitoring this on a daily basis.
“Our meeting with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah is that the Government from time to time issues the statement that '342 households' will be relocated from Them Iewmawlong to any place decided by the Government. “It has already been allocated and accommodation will be built for these 342 families,” said Bah Synrem.
People get these drugs at reasonable prices through specialty stores.
At present, para 16 (2) of the Sixth Schedule has been implemented and the election has been postponed. should be held in due course, so the preparations for the election should have begun.
At present, the sex ratio in India is 943 females for every 1000 males.
The monitoring will also be conducted to ensure the learning of each child in each class.
According to the KSU leader, T.19, 97,500 lakh has been allocated in 2018 for the construction of the school.
Taxi drivers, market vendors and low income day laborers are facing many challenges during this time and have reached the end of their lives especially to meet their needs and support their families. Their family in many ways through their livelihood.
Other elders who were present on the occasion were Bah Darmaius Rani from Khongthong, Bah Holi War from Siej, Bah Jobenstar Nongkrat. Morningstar Khongthaw of Nohwet, Shillong, who spoke to reporters at Shillong Press Club today.
On the other hand, the District Administration said that it is its duty to maintain peace and order. The HNLC has called for a curfew in Shillong. The government authorities have deployed police patrols throughout Shillong to ensure that this does not happen. At the same time, the District Administration wishes you a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year
Prestone said the Civil Sub Division will operate from the date of its opening in the temporary office while the full office has not yet been obtained.
The Government should think immediately on this so that it does not affect the people.
The scheme is now operating in 632 districts in India.
The meeting was attended by the Board of Investment Thailand (BIT) led by Tharadol Thongruang, Minister of State for Thailand and the Government of Meghalaya led by Bah PBO. Warjri Additional Chief Secretary.
The announcement of the candidates tomorrow morning will be in the first round.
Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Rituraj Ravi in ​​a statement sent to the media said that the incident happened at about 2:40 pm when three unidentified robbers. They entered the parking lot at Mawlai Police Station and detonated a petrol bomb at a Gypsy (ML02-0194) until the vehicle caught fire and was damaged.
Therefore, this conflict within the Congress will bring great harm to the people especially as the income, employment and unemployment of the state has declined.
Shillong, November 11: As usual every year before the Christmas celebration, the Governor of Meghalaya usually holds the Advance Christmas celebration at Raj Bhavan. On the 10th of this month, many religions have attended.
In fact, the government should have arrested and punished the AMD and the contractor because they have violated the two authorities but as it appears now the government is turning the members of the union and its people into soh pdung. District.
Shillong, Lber 10: Answering a question by Saleng A Sangma regarding the youths who have returned to their villages due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said: The total number of returnees was
However, Dr Ampareen said, “To be a leader doesn't mean to be a prime minister, but you can work and lead in any position you hold, regardless of whether you have a good leader”.
United Nations University, Delhi.4.
In these villages which have been declared affected by the disease, it is prohibited to bring live pigs, meat or pig feed to these villages. medicines for pigs.
On the other hand, the Minister said that it is true that the bridge has remained intact but the PWD has sent steel bars to be repaired from the state and this has taken time but the Minister said. He said that these coins will arrive in the state this month and once they arrive, they will start placing them on the bridge at Mawniuh.
The nature of the political affair in India where the Central Government and the State Governments have respective revenue collection powers brought about the need for a separate system.
“The CBI will no longer be able to investigate me, because I was involved in the CBI investigation in connection with T.19.88 crore in 2006,” he said.
To achieve this need we need new laws, infrastructure development, new way of thinking and creation of new opportunities to encourage and inspire young people to study medical and work spirit in this work.
On China, he tried to bring peace between India and China after the tensions of the past years.
The government has already allocated T.12 crore for the construction of colleges in Williamnagar and Baghmara which will be opened next year.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The Governor of Meghalaya in 1982 appointed a Commission under sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 14 of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India to investigate the the functioning of District Councils in the State of Meghalaya.
He informed that in the next few days, announcements will be made to other Hima/Elaka.
On the other hand, the Minister promised that the government will strive to provide assistance as necessary for the preservation of this site and will urge the Meghalaya government to look into this matter.
The farmers of the HFU under the leadership of Bah Allfondbirh Kharsyntiew General Secretary of the HFU brought many foreign seeds without pesticides.
The Governor said that the former Governor of Meghalaya was one of the freedom fighters of India and at the same time the Governor of Meghalaya has contributed many things for the cause of India. This is the state of Meghalaya.
They don't get what they deserve and the government hasn't paid the T.1000 tyngka yet. The ASHAs working in rural areas have received their payment only until October 2021 while those in urban areas. patches are available until November
Anjalee Boruah said she collapsed at home and was taken to Nazareth Hospital where she was found dead and tested positive for COVID-1
