In connection with this incident, police have arrested three persons suspected to be involved in the kidnapping and murder of Thakur including the Forest Guard of GHADC. bring great sorrow to the children.
Speaking at a meeting in Guwahati, the two Chief Ministers agreed to resolve six out of the 12 Meghalaya-Assam border areas first, and said they are ready to inspect these areas together. if necessary, become a member of the Committee.
Therefore, in a spirit of responsibility, MYAF makes this proposal.
The mother, after being shocked, said that they shot her in the head and threatened to kill her and threw her into the car and committed the crime near the forest.
The Act was introduced in 2012 to protect children from rape and abuse.
Narayanan said these measures to combat fake news would pave the way for verifiable resolutions in the elections that would protect and uphold the 'freedoms' that social media platforms need.
Also present at the confirmation meeting were Samla Eric Kharjana, Office Secretary of KSU NKHD, Samla Rudy L. Tron, Assistant Organizing Secretary of KSU NKHD and office bearers of KSU NKHD including Samla FK Kharkamni. , President and Samla Vincent Macri, General Secretary and others.
All those who intend to come to Shella on this day are requested to stay until the next day except for the relatives of Late Dr Don Kupar and Government or Party officials who intend to come. honor this Rangbah Leader on this day.
At present, apart from the government land, only a few villages in Pynursla and Lawbah are engaged in coffee cultivation.
This road is very busy where the people walk and stand and also the vehicles coming from Rynjah and Nongrimhills, but this road has not been maintained for three years because the PWD has not. listen to me.
The delay in conducting the examination for the post of MCS and MPS is due to the fact that the government has recently been able to change the syllabus for the post of MPS and MCS. The selection of persons for this post is the same between MCS and MPS, he said.
: it means that it does not own everything that it has and does; it is self-centered; it is self-confident;
Regarding the post of Junior Divisional Accountant (JDA) in the Department of Accounts and Treasuries, Meghalaya, according to the advertisement, there are 69 vacancies. 34 people.
The KSU is ready to assist the government, the villages and the people in any way at this time. The KSU said that all those arrested are 10 out of these They are male and three are female, said Sonstar Nongkhlaw President KSU Mihngi Circle.
KSU SWKH demands that the state government and the state home affairs department should stop its agents from searching for temporary police camps from Rangblang to Mawthabah for the benefit of the people of the area. Kim doesn't need police now.
He said that the relatives of the deceased are still searching for the deceased on the 10th of November, 2024 and if they cannot find him, they will lodge a complaint with the police. Them Lyngdoh, who was identified as Kong Them Lyngdoh, said that at the time of the incident, she was wearing a blue dress and a white shirt.
However, unfortunately, the Government has not taken into consideration the suggestions of the Seng and the people living on the border.
Prestone said that so far 1707 samples have been taken, 1655 samples have been negative and 40 samples are awaiting results.
Any advertisements that are not on the police department website are false.
Bah Lamphrang Blah MDC of Phanniewlah Neng said that there was a fire in Phanniewlah Neng village today and the house was damaged. What is the reason for the fire?
The work of the District Council in Garo Hills has been disrupted this month not only due to allegations of corruption and non-payment of salaries to its employees for more than two years, but especially due to the time. The MDC's term of office has also ended.
Shillong, Nailar 07: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) is currently facing a dilemma regarding where to place the Nongwah Mawtamur, whether it will be under the Sohiong or Jirang Hima. the public announcement made under the Jirang Hima.
The meeting was followed by a seminar led by Rev. Fr. Wilfred Kharpuri, SJ in the morning and afternoon.
On Saturday, 24th June, 2021, the South West Khasi Hills Branch was confirmed by the Chief Minister, Bah Herman Nongrum in the presence of other office bearers of the party.
Those who took part in this football tournament were shopkeepers, rickshaw drivers, jhur vendors and all the workers.
If no one has authorized AMD and UCIL, it is clear that they have lost their authority and do not care about the State Government and the District Council.
These deaths can occur due to interspecies conflicts, past events and after release into new habitats.
During the meeting, the GOC of 101 briefed the Governor on the duties and responsibilities of the troops from the unit. the state.
In another incident, police have arrested two persons belonging to the KSU for allegedly shooting dead Ajit Rai, driver of a Bolero ML05 J 4211 at Nongmynsong Market.
Khongsit said that the government has not been able to provide land for the marten because they have the snow in Mawlai. If the government can remove the snow, the people will welcome it. pan space.
The union has demanded from the Minister to take action and expedite the recruitment of OT technicians in the hospital according to the qualifications so that the services in the hospital will be adequate and beneficial to the people. It will also open up the opportunity for the youth who have graduated from this line to get jobs.
The State of Meghalaya has strengthened women's cooperative groups and in this way we will be able to support these groups to develop.
The CoMSO is ready to work with the government to amend and amend the rules on how to implement the ILP in the State and at the same time they are ready to hold strong protests if The Government is still working on this project.
The Working President of the MSOA, has put before the Education Commission the issues of providing adequate sports grounds and to know which schools have adequate sports grounds, participation in identifying talented children in sports. state, recruitment of qualified coaches, number of physical education teachers for all 15,000 schools in Meghalaya, number of Sports Specialists & Professionals, Sports Psychologists, Physiotherapists, Masuers , Sports Hostels, Olympians for the Sports Science Centre, the existence of sports schools in many districts, to award sports marks to students, special job allocation for award winners, promotion in the allocation of funds, the preparation of the Sports University Acts, the time allocated for sports in schools, the half-yearly Health Checkup through MHIS for school children, the implementation of Sports Programmes, research The Scandinavian countries have been able to encourage children to succeed in thinking and awards through YESS Meghalaya for schools, clubs and districts. that it will encourage children and parents to take up sports as a source of income.
Shillong, November 02: U Shibun Lyngdoh, President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, today announced the election manifesto of the BJP for the Mid-Term MDC Elections to be held on the 13th of this month. .
Shillong, Naitung 12: The Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has resigned from the post of Bah LP Nongsiej by sending a letter to the Secretary of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). Legislature.
Prof. Streamlet Dkhar received the Outstanding Poet, Drama and Novelist Award of Meghalaya on 14th October 2018 by Sultan Ahmed Sona, Editor and Publisher of Bwazra Katha. and Secretary AFSACAL, Bangladesh along with representatives from across South East Asia.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the Minister in charge of Urban Affairs, Bah Rangkynsai Kharbuki, Rangbah Shnong of the village, said that the meeting with the Minister was to urge the government not to drop the within the government area because 75% of the villagers are farmers and there are not yet 400 villagers per kilometer area.
The construction of the office of the Meghalaya Legislative Forum on HIV/AIDS in Khyndailad amounted to 17,44,000 tyngka and the construction of the office of the Legislative Forum on HIV/AIDS in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly amounted to 5,81,3 amount.
The West Jaintia Hills District team won 17 medals including 8 gold, 4 silver and 5 medals. Ri-Bhoi District came second with 15 medals including 6 gold, 6 silver and 3 bronze medals. East Khasi team came third after winning 10 medals including 5 gold, 3 silver and 2 bronze.
This should be done for the benefit of the state as the income of the people of the state has been severely affected.
The problem can be resolved if there is an understanding from both sides and by doing so it can be resolved. trouble.
In the Men's and Women's Categories, Mohit Joshi and Elsarica Umdorki won.
This was announced by Jason Laloo, General Secretary of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Laban Circle.
The same vaccination will be conducted in West Jaintia Hills District and the vaccination will be conducted at all government places and places designated by the government on the scheduled days.
The Block Development Officer, Mawkynrew C&RD Block will be in charge to ensure that the people follow the rules and regulations laid down by the government. there are signs of suffering.
He praised the KSU Delhi for continuing to grow until now and all the reasons are because there are still responsible youth and that the youth and the nation trust and believe in this KSU and especially as an organization that looks after the students and young job seekers of the nation.
The earthquake occurred at about 5:00 pm and there was no casualty.
The meeting was conducted by MPCC Leader Ronnie V Lyngdoh and was attended by Kennedy Khyriem, HDR Lyngdoh and Lamphrang Blah.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The President of the Khasi Jaintia National Union (KJNU) on Tuesday said that only the Khasi language should be included in the Eight Schedule of the Constitution of India. They wanted to set up a committee on the Pnaw characters.
The highest turnout in India was 47.78%, Bihar 44.46%, Gujarat 47.9% and Rajasthan 48.4%. states with very low voter turnout.
East Garo Hills Police have conducted a search operation in the barben forest of Bolkinggre, East Garo Hills, after the discovery of a strange object.
According to the Code of Professional Ethics for college teachers, the University Grants Commission (UGC) encourages college teachers to share their responsibilities in society and to assist in the implementation of public administration. Office that is open to the public.
During the meeting, the Minister said that he has moved forward to implement these demands and he said that we will work together to follow up on these demands. He said that these demands are reasonable and the people of Nongthliew have been raising them before him from time to time.
Shillong, November 15: Dr. WR Kharlukhi has tested positive for COVID-19 and is currently in quarantine.
The party makes it clear to Dr Mukul Sangma and the MUALL government as a whole that the party does not demand for unnecessary laws, does not demand to legalize drugs so that we can drink lightly or demand that drugs be legalized. They demanded that laws should be passed to protect the country and the minority community in accordance with the ILP and 13 other laws.
On Saturday, the march started from Nohwet Village to Mawlyngnong. About 400 people took part in the march. the thought that caused this journey.
The Meghalaya government has already submitted the documents and it is now time to look into what Assam has to say.
In the BMX category, Ismamul Howk came first, Meban A Suiam came second and Dame W Suiam came third.
This is due to the preparations of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to ensure the rights of the people in relation to electricity.
On Friday, the KHADC has sent a letter to the State Government to immediately withdraw the letter of the Under Secretary Social Welfare Department on the allegation that it has misrepresented the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage. ) Act,
While the government has not yet been able to appoint people as full time employees, it would be better to appoint temporary employees to get the bill. tidy.
The union is against the Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary which is only 1 kilometer away from the mining site for Star Cement by the government. It is located near the Eco Sensitive Zone (ECZ) and is only 0.25 KM from the Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary.
This year, HarGharTiranga will be held from 13th to 15th July,
On this occasion, the Seng found that almost all the banks are operating without respecting this special day. During the inspection, the Seng has ordered the closure of all the banks that are open.
It is to be recalled that Bah LG Nongsiej won the MDC election from Nongstoin from the HSPDP after being expelled from the party and joined the PDF and contested the MLA election. I'm from Nongstoin.
Shillong, Iaiong 09: The FKJGP Seng Kmie will launch a newsletter on the theme 'Development through Income in the Society' Each other'.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: With the aim of raising awareness among the students on how to preserve the heritage of the former man, the Department of World Heritage, MLCU has celebrated the World Heritage Week, .
Vincent H Pala, who is the Congress candidate, has received the support of the NCP, while Paul Lyngdoh has received the support of the NPP and PBM Basaiamoit, who is running as an independent candidate, has received the support of the NCP. the HSPDP and the KHNAM. (SP News).
Agatha was accompanied by the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Thomas Sangma, PHE Minister Marcuise N. Marak and leaders of the Achik Literature Society (ALS) Garo. of the President of Dr. Caroline Marak.
In a statement of condolences, Dr PBM Basaiawmoit said that he was the leader of the kur which has up to nine members and he was the one who brought the issue of the kur and became the general secretary of the kur. and until the day of his death he held the position of guardian of the fort.
Shillong, Naitung 10: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has issued a notice that shops in Iewduh are allowed to open only 15% of the day but not more than 185 shops.
Shillong, November 16: U MLA of 19-Shillong South Constituency, Bah Sanbor Shullai, who is also a Minister in the Government, today convened a meeting of Village Authorities and Officers from Government Departments to discuss the issue. speak directly to the problems faced by the people of Laban.
The minister said they will see when they get the verdict of the Hon’ble High Court.
Another son, Suhil Ahamed, 14, was infected when he was four years old and the youngest son, Suhil Ahamed, was infected when he was 9 years old. when he was nine years old.
This decision was taken at the Central Executive Committee (CEC) meeting held on the 9th of this month in Shillong.
The next meeting of the special committee will be held in January
The appointment of interviewers, questioners and judges should not be political persons or members of any political party or family members of MLAs, MPs or MDCs. The HYC recommends that the interviewers should be persons who have passed the Master Degree and have a good reputation in the community.
The opening ceremony of the CCTV camera was attended by the elders, mothers and youth of the village. the village of Wahthapbroo.
The Chief Minister said that he is proud to take part in the opening ceremony of the Lok Sabha. He recalled that Purno A Sangma was the Speaker of the Lok Sabha. , he also wants the North East to be united with other parts of the country.
The JAC believes that the office will collect these so that you will understand that they will not allow the proposal to build a dam in the river. I don't want to fight against the floods in Umngot.
The party also urges the Dorbar Shnongs, the people and especially the MLAs and MPs to cooperate on this issue and added that the party will continue to monitor this issue and take measures to clarify. to the public on the danger of being destroyed by the railway.
The HYC has taken this step for the benefit of the village as Umjaiur has been declared as one of the containment zones by the government. He praised the organization and encouraged them to continue to do their work in the village and in the state as well.
Shillong, Lber 19: The Hima Mylliem Youth Welfare Organization (HMYWO) in collaboration with the Krishi Vigyan Kendra (KVK) through the sponsorship of the Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan (NYKS), Shillong on 18th October SKILL UPGRADATION TRAINING FOR WOMEN has been launched as part of the training of young women and women on how to improve their lives by standing on their own feet using only their own skills. plants that God has blessed through the fertile soil in this beloved country of ours.
“This is the truth in this age when people need them to work in different fields according to their skills in the field, are they as young people ready for this,” she said. Mr. Roshan.
There are 64 recoveries, 41 cases in East Khasi Hills, 13 cases in West Garo Hills, five cases in Ri Bhoi, three cases in East Jaintia Hills and two cases in South West Khasi Hills.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: U Bah Michael Kharsyntiew, one of the public figures who has come forward to help the people in need, together with his team on Tuesday morning, went out to spray medicines in public places. prevent the spread of COVID-1
After visiting the well, it was found that the water output has dropped significantly due to the dry weather. they are in the middle of a water shortage and this is from many kid aw.
In this regard, the village has decided to drop the ejahar because they are the only contractors of the Biri of a man named Mabhoi from Syndai village as mentioned in the article. to ejaculate.
The first difference here is the year, that is, not 1972 but 1971 (November 23) when the decision of the Hon'ble Supreme Court was issued.
La ong,Governor Tathagata Roy acted on his personal discretion and by-passed the advice of the state cabinet by approving the name of Chief Executive Member (CEM) Latiplang Kharkongor alleging a hidden agenda behind the governor’s action.
On the other hand, the four parties said that they don't hate or discriminate against anyone but when the citizens are qualified and equal to take over the job, they should think first of their citizens. not to remove the owner of the village and replace him with the soh village.
The five candidates are Adelbert Nongrum from 17-North Shillong, Bankyrshanlang Lyngdoh Nongbri from Mawlai, Zachary Shadap from Mawhati, Enbin Kharraswai from Mawkyrwat, Dr Moses Kharbithai from Mawryngkneng and Mr Shada from Mawryngkneng. Banshailang Majaw from Mylliem and Lamborskhem Kharpuri will contest from Mawkynrew.
The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly will open the meeting to mark the Human Rights Day.
The purpose of installing these cameras is to capture and record the animals walking in the area and at the same time to measure the physical condition of the animals. of those who walk in this forest.
Donbok Dkhar also threatened that if the union does not listen to this demand, the union will not hesitate to appeal to the Meghalaya High Court.
wet because of you.
Other issues that the party has put forward include the demarcation of the state border, the Inner Line Permit, the party is against the railway line while there are no illegal entry barriers. other ethnic groups and other development projects that the party will implement.
The political change in the KHADC has been due to the suspension of the CEM from the Congress party.
500 NCC cadets from various schools, including Army, Navy and Air Force, will take part in the celebration.
Why doesn't the government think first of peace and protection of the nation?
For other states in India, the government will allocate up to 50 percent, for machines it will be 25% and for Jammu & Kashmir, Himachal Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Andaman & Nicobar Islands and Lakshadweep will be 75 lakh while for the North East states it will be 100 lakh.
In a statement sent by KSU Ranikor Circle, KSU Ranikor Circle General Secretary Oristar Langte urged the Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District to resolve the issue.
Other dignitaries who attended the event were HE Mr. Hasanul Haq Inu, Minister of Information, Bangladesh; Information, Cambodia, Mr.Sam Seog Ko, Standing Commissioner, Communication Commission, Republic of Korea and Justice C.K.Prasad, Chairman Press Council of India.
Lurshai, President of Mawlai Mawiong Youth Wing, also spoke on the occasion.
Furthermore, the Seng strongly warns against those who continue to fight against especially whether they are commercial vehicles or contractors.
This song was written by the famous songwriter of Bri Hynniewtrep, Kong Amabel Susngi, in collaboration with Kong Bahun Marweiñ.
He said that we should stand up to protect our country where everyone has a role to play to protect the nation for the sake of the heritage of the future generations.
Saleng first won the MLA election to the Legislative Assembly in 2008, won again in 2013 and again in 2018 from the NCP party and will now contest from the party. Congress that you have.
We expect you as a party to take action as soon as possible on this issue of public importance.
KSU Umdohlun Circle will hold a protest on the 23rd of this month from 10am at Mawkyrwat near the DC's office to protest against the Public Hearing to be held by the DC. District Police and PWD (Roads) Department on
Bhoi is the Superintendent of Police and the Deputy Commissioner who were the first to produce and the first to start.
The meeting was opened with a welcome speech by Bah B Diengdoh, Vice President, MSOA, who expressed his special greetings to the President, MSOA and Hon'ble Minister Sports and Youth Affairs who expressed his wishes for the development of He congratulated all the leaders from various Sports Associations of the state.
After this, the veterinary doctor left the scene and threatened the BSF personnel who were in the middle of the operation.
To a person who has won or been elected to any high position and who has the ability to hold and take responsibility according to the requirements of that position, we say that he is 'Thoh Shun Ki Blei'; to those couples who live in peace and fall apart in the family, we say 'that they have been written shun ia husband' and not a shyiengkrung like a thought from the other side of the sea.
The Leader is considered disrespectful if he falls asleep during a meeting with Kim Jong-un and those who fall asleep can be sentenced to death.
The Sengbhalang has expressed its concern over these developments in the area and today 10th November 2019 the Sengbhalang has met with the Chief Executive Member of KHADC Bah Teinwell Dkhar and the Executive Member of KHADC. The Executive Member in charge of the Labor Department, Bah Teibor Pathaw and the Executive Member in charge of Trading License, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, with a written statement. CEM said how these villages in the area and the Hima issue NOCs to these coal mining factories without proper information before issuing NOCs because according to the findings of these organizations, those who received the NOCs are not the owners. These factories may belong to someone else and these factories also affect the health of the residents. So far there are 10 factories but the KHADC does not have any information about the occupation of the Dkhars. The Administration of Nongstoin Syiemship Rules 2006 states in No. 8 (iii) section (a) Village within Syiemship means that a Dkhar cannot live or work within the Hima Nongstoin.
This game has not brought about any dramatic change in the state.
At this meeting, Bangladesh stressed that it is sad that Bangladeshi citizens are being killed by Indian people. The Indian government should stop the cow trade because it has The BSF should curb the smuggling of illegal drugs from the country.
The match between the two teams was very interesting in which both sides showed their respective skills and struggled to score goals.
The inability to explain the income of the Hima as a whole as well as the expenses of the Hima has turned it into a private affair.
It was also witnessed that some of the foreign employees of Topcem had incited the police to send threats and throw sticks at the protesters by shouting slogans against the protesters.
However, thanks to the hard work of the government, the number of jobs in the state has decreased, said Tarun Gogoi.
Sadly, instead of discussing these issues, they have found a way to create confusion inside the House.
Shillong, Nailur 19: The Road Construction Department of the State Government has demolished the bridge connecting Mawlai Nongpdeng and Jaiaw as the old bridge can accommodate only one vehicle.
Therefore, the union demanded that a notice should be issued immediately with a special allocation of funds so that it will be of assistance to the farmers.
He said that when the Congress was in power in Assam, Tarun Gogoi was able to bring to the table the talks and also in Meghalaya while the Congress was in power. The government has been able to reduce these insurgent groups and also to bring peace in the state.
The association is hopeful of a launch date in June with matchdays scheduled largely on Saturdays so as not to interfere with the players’ studies.
If any of the candidates wish to withdraw from the contest, they can do so before 3 pm.
Shillong, Iaiong 17: A body was found on the road to Lawmali by the Shillong Police today. The body was taken to the Civil Hospital Shillong.
In the Lok Sabha elections in 2024, Pala was defeated by the Voice of the People Party candidate Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon.
He also expressed his regret and strong condemnation to the Government of India that while the Jaidbynriew is waiting for the recognition of the Khasi Language in the Fifth Article of the Constitution, we have been insulted by making it compulsory. Before taking the oath, he said to the youth, when you take these promises, remember that they are not promises only in front of us human beings, but in front of the Nation, what will you do and give for it?
The GHDC has 11 MDCs from the NPP, 3 independent members, 1 from the GNC and 2 from the BJP while the Congress has received 12 votes. MDC of the party.
On the other hand, the police have decided to take strong action to make Shillong a peaceful city.
He said that if as a nation we want to develop our skills, to develop our economy and the full protection of the country and the nation, the time has come for us to come together and join hands. to work hard with responsibility for the protection of the country and the nation.
Police have seized these devices and taken them for further investigation. After examination, they were found to be PS-20 GPS devices used to measure the wind. how they fall into one place.
The resols can be seen in our procedures.
The residents of this area who have been suffering from the ban on quarrying imposed by the Meghalaya Forest Department, has caused serious problems to thousands of households, until they can no longer live. They don't get to pay for school fees, they don't get to pay for food and drink or for their household needs because they have been unemployed, because most of the people in this area are poor. you shall not be ashamed of this shyiap.
Michel Syiemlieh, Lanosha Marbaniang, Wansalan Dkhar, Francis Hek, Chandana Hajong, Vikasha Kumar Mishara, Vrinder Singh Pradeep Singh, Sangeeta Rabha, Ujjal Barua and Sunny Kr Shah were from Meghalaya Taekondwondo Training. Academy.
The participants were from all districts including rural and urban areas.
Under the Ministry of Ayush as the WHO Collaborating Center (CC) for “Fundamental and Literary Research in Traditional Medicine” (CC IND-177).
During his visit, the Chief Minister visited the National Museum in Itanagar where he said that Arunachal Pradesh is the sunrise state of India and this state has its own culture. rich customs and well-founded stories.
If the MP from Meghalaya is from the BJP it will be easier for us to discuss any issues of the state including the views of the religious leaders.
The VP said he is confident that this policy will make a big difference.
: In this era of unemployment, there are thousands of youth in the state who are finding it difficult to find jobs even after completing their education at various levels.
The Chief Minister said the government has written down what the members of the House have said even if the answer cannot be given, whether it is for the benefit of the state as a whole, the districts or even the the constituencies of each MLA and the government will take action on what should be done for the development of the state.
In a step required by the Central Government under the leadership of Prime Minister Duh, 15 areas under the jurisdiction of computers in 6 districts have been removed from the designation of areas of conflict from
Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh, while reading the Word of God at the service, said, “As man was born into this world, it is also the duty of every man to return from this world and from That is why it is the duty of everyone to live a good and humble life in order to please the Lord God.
Shillong, November 04: KSU Mawkyrwat Circle on Tuesday opened the 1st (Late) Hesliyar Lyngkhoi Memorial Cricket Tournament, 2018 at Maharam Government Higher Secondary School.
He said the Council has also taken measures to address the problems faced by the farmers and added that the Council has already built markets in Mawryngkneng, Mawsynram and Pynursla.
The Presbyterian Church Umdihar has strongly condemned and deeply regretted this incident and now the Church has relied on the Dorbar Shnong to take the necessary action to lodge a complaint with the law enforcement authorities regarding this incident and to conduct an investigation. and to investigate the robbers involved in this crime.
The HYC is aware that the ISBT will soon be opened at Mawiong Rim and many shops, residential buildings (if any) and other activities will be closed.
During the meeting, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya informed the Prime Minister of India that the Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment has already allocated funds for the construction of the site. game that is yet to be approved by the cabinet.
For the KSU North Khasi Hills District Unit, the election will be held on the 16th July 2018 at the Dorbar Hall, Nongpoh from 10 am to 3 pm.
So far this evening, the information collected has been from 7 places divided to conduct the raids, four zones which the enforcement department has already visited in the past two days.
Referring to the proposal to amend the Sixth Schedule, the CEM said the government has already set up a committee headed by the Minister in charge of District Council James K Sangma. The committee is composed of District Councils and other members including the Advocate General of the State Government.
Shillong, Nailur 07: To demand the temporary suspension of the police who are suspected to have been involved in the shooting of Bah Cheristerfield Tahngkhiew, the 'Sur ki Nong Malki' today held a rally. They called it “Sur Ehrngiew of Malki”.
When I went to Dr Syiem, I was ordered to have an X-Ray but nothing was found. When I went to the endoscope, I was able to do an X-Ray. long mother.
Speaking on the refusal of the Governor to sign the MRSS Ordinance, the President of the KSU said that it is not allowed in the state. but he didn't judge the nation.
Shillong, July 29: With the development of literature in the Khasi language according to the village language of Sohra, it has become a longdoh longsnam and firmly established as the central language, even though there are still thousands of village languages ​​from all over the country. which are not found in the Sohra language such as the word 'Thor' from the Lamin area which means to ruid dak.
Shillong, July 23: The District Administration of West Garo Hills today imposed a five hour curfew in Tura.
I would like to thank the Dorbar Shnongs, Sengbhalang, Religions and all the individuals who have worked hard to share the burden of the Jaidbynriew.
When there is an excessive act against the religion, customs or traditions of the tribe, the ancestors consider it very dangerous.
This policy has been posted for 15 days for the public to know.
The purpose of the BSF is to provide training to the people on how to work so that they can earn money to improve their daily income.
The GHDC has 16 MDCs in the 29-member Assembly, while the Congress has 12 MDCs and one BJP MDC has not yet decided whether he will be in the ruling or opposition. council house.
The same applies to these members who work through the media.
Shillong, Nailur 06: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District today announced that the 18th of this month will be a public holiday. “Unitarian Anniversary Day”.
In this regard, the union wants to get an explanation from the government within 10 months and if the government does not provide an explanation, they will hold a protest.
He said that there will be various bands that will participate in the campaign.
This is the fourth meeting between the Prime Minister and the Chief Ministers of the States. The previous meetings were held on 20th October, 2nd June and 11th June,
Anyone found violating the rules will be closed down or fined.
The starting day will be on the 10th June 2021 and the festival will be held on the 11th and end on the 12th June 2021 when the government has declared a public holiday.
Symbut Chief Minister said that at a meeting held today under the chairmanship of Chief Minister Cornad K Sangma, the government has taken a decision that the government will not hesitate to take decisions to protect this person. the disease is not sherkhei.
Is there anything behind the COVID 19 check point, or has it become a tax collection gate?
In the masterclass on direction, Umesh Shukla will demonstrate the screenwriting and directing of Oh My God!, and screenwriter Charudutt Acharyauba, who has worked for a long time in television, OTT and films, will explain about change the way you write scripts.
The injured are from Umsning area of ​​Ri Bhoi District. Police are trying to get the names of the two injured. , the cause of the reaction was attributed to alcohol intoxication.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: BSF troops on the border with Bangladesh in Bakli on receiving a tip raised a house and seized a large quantity of sugarcane from the village. Maheskhola village near Bangladesh.
Speaking to reporters after the inspection, u Bah Tynsong said that he will submit the report to the government soon. do.
It is learned that the well belongs to Doris Pyngrope and in this incident the owner of the land has promised to repair the loss of the house.
When SP News Agency inquired, it was found that the bridge has been closed for 40 months since the Cherry Blossom Festival this year. 2022 and this ban continues today.
Shillong, March 26: The students of NEHUSU today staged a protest by going to the office of the Vice Chancellor of the university on many issues. which affect students.
Shillong, Iaiong 02: IIM Shillong today held its 14th graduation ceremony for 349 students.
The robbers tried to rob trucks on the highway at about 4.30 pm at Umtrew in Ri Bhoi District and the robbers came in a Scorpio. you don't have a number.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The Students' Affairs Committee of Martin Luther Christian University today held a DJ competition inside the university in which students from all departments took part.
On this holy day, a special cross walk was held in all parishes and religious branches to commemorate this special day.
After the two states have agreed, this issue will reach Parliament to do whatever is necessary, because to resolve the border is the responsibility of Parliament, and other issues will be discussed. it is with this boundary work.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Brightstarwell Marbaniang and Don War, General Secretary of the NPP, said that the decision was taken to implement Section 144 CrPC only in place new Vote.
Borsora – high school area CP
Referring to the CHC in Mawsynram, the MLA urged the government to repair the CHC, although the CHC has been awarded as the best in East Khasi Hills. however, there are still many shortcomings that should be improved.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: U Bah Wandonbok Jyrwa, Chairman of the Meghalaya Joint Action Committee (MJV), on Tuesday said that the government has not yet informed the union regarding the demands of the union. Prestone Tynsong, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, said that the meeting was held in the presence of the Chief Minister.
The meeting also discussed the upcoming military recruitment in Shillong.
The two organizations also discussed the discrimination against North and South Indians under various central government laws such as the forced use of Hindi and the illegal immigration in other countries. The country is located in Meghalaya or Tamil Nadu.
Shillong, Nailar 29: After talks with the government, nothing has been reached regarding the demand of the civil society to implement the Inner Line Permit in the state. today announced a 12 hour curfew on the 2nd of November in the state.
What will happen to the District Councils if in front of the Speaker, the Ministers, in front of the Chief Minister, what is their purpose, their purpose is to prove that the District Councils are independent places.
Shekhawat requested all senior officers to report on the status of their works by ensuring regular inspections and taking appropriate action.
Furthermore, the Gauhati High Court will be replaced by the High Court of Meghalaya.
The party congratulates and is pleased to see the MDC of Mawhati who has come out and taken responsibility for this task. .
Nongsiang said the union will hold a diploma ceremony for teachers who have been trained in the Global School Room from Dublin University in April.
Shillong, June 22: There has been a social agreement between the Meghalaya government and Apollo to provide treatment to children suffering from heart disease at the hospital. they are the house of the poor.
The KSU condemns the action of the police in laying down posters on the wells in Laitumkhrah, Laban and 9 Lad.
If the committee finds that he or she has a bad mark, they shall be banned from seeking government jobs and shall pay a fine of T.50,000/- (Fifty thousand tyngka and this the money should be deposited into the State Disaster Management Fund.
In a statement signed by four leaders of the four organizations on behalf of HNAM, LP Kharbani, HPSO and Wanteibok Lyngdoh, president of HPSO, Reggei Thongni. General Secretary of WYWC and Bah Kmenlang Mawsor of WPM, said that if the government cannot extend the deadline, they will call for a strike.
The Government of Meghalaya has held a handicraft exhibition for a month at All Saint Cathedral Hall. The participants said that they are facing difficulties in getting the ksai to weave. and there is no market where they can sell outside the state.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: On this occasion, due to the outbreak of the pandemic which has spread and lyngshop not only in this beloved Meirilum, Meirisan, but in the whole world, the celebration of The 121st Anniversary of the Seng Kut Snem will be celebrated on the 23rd of November
Sometimes youths arrested when released from prison have repeated the same acts," he said, adding, "we have recommended that such people should be monitored to ensure that it does not happen. and that those people should repent.
Despite the spread of Covid-19, the Central Government has introduced and stirred up the minds of the citizens of the country through the draft Environment Impact Assessment They have also tried to steal the wish of the railway line, which is trying to restrict the Covid-19 rules so that the people cannot escape from the movement.
Shillong, Naitung 11: The Joint Action of Social Organizations (JACSO), comprising the SSSS, HYC, FKJGP, SPDF, HANM, HNYF, WKSU, MIYF and SWKYF, will hold a public meeting at Mawkyrwat, on the 16th of this month at 11:00 pm to explain to the public on the issues that have arisen in these days, on the 2 lane road from Nongstoin to Mawthabah and on the tender for the preparation of uranium by UCIL in the South. West Khasi Hills District.
The Chief Minister said that 80% of the farmers are farmers and there are 4.5 lakh households in the state. The government assistance is T.5000/- each.
Shillong, November 17: The Minister in charge of Social Welfare, Deborah Ch Marak, on Tuesday promised that the government will take action according to the law to punish the Lei Shynshar Cultural Society for violating the Juvenile Justice Act. 20 girls to Tamilnadu under a group run by an organization that is not registered with the government for sending allegations under the age of 12 to the area.
“It is for this demand that the MDA government has been appointed from Delhi and it is for this reason that the government has been ordered from Delhi what to do,” said Dr. Mukul Sangma. Shillong, July 05: Meghalaya Trinamool Congress (MYC) Leader Dr. Mukul Sangma today launched the MYE Card Scheme in the presence of President Charles Pyngrope and James Lyngdoh. "to provide employment to 3 lakh youth in the next five years when the TMC forms the government.
The president of BWWA promised to help provide eyeglasses to those in need.
Others who attended the meeting were the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, Bah PS Dkhar, Bah S Mulieh and Bah FS Kharkongor.
In the past two years, the Army has shared the responsibility to improve the environment and so far they have planted 14.4 million trees and out of these 14.7 million trees have grown.
In his speech, he said that he is now on the path of applying for ticket by choosing the UDP as the best party to contest the elections. you party.
The Jirang MLA said that the letter written by the Assam MLA has made it clear that it is a scheme of the central government. There is a risk that the Assam government will take over these areas which fall under Meghalaya.
The rainy season is the time of work and it is also a difficult time for the farmers because they live all day to finish their fields and rice fields. family needs.
The Director said that one person has died of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District today, bringing the total number of deaths in the state to
The central theme of the film is about the crimes inside the area and the involvement of women in crimes is for many reasons. There is no way to get rid of those evil things that have been done.
Nongtraw said it is now up to the Meghalaya government and the central government to take a decision to reach a peace talks.
The shortcoming here is that the Anti-Defection Law which was passed earlier has been declared illegal by the Meghalaya High Court and has also been upheld by the Supreme Court.
Shillong, Nailur 06: The JSU War Jaintia Circle (JSU) has requested the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District for the immediate reopening of these markets. many local residents.
It will promote the exploration and production of natural gas and will connect the natural gas production fields in the area to this pipeline in order to convert the natural gas in the area into wealth.
He said there is only one way and that is for the farmers to stand together and hold a dorbar bah of the farmers and hold strong protests and all the farmers should unite. .
During the meeting, they discussed the implementation of the ILP in the state. The ILP is a long standing demand but the Indian government has not granted it yet. The government has approved the ILP but has not yet approved the ILP in the state.
Shillong, March 26: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today visited the Civil Hospital which was built 20 years ago. pay fully implemented to date.
Regional parties like Shiromani Akali Dal, Shiv Sena, Biju Janata Dal, Bahujan Samaj Party, Indian National Congress, Dravida Munetra Kazhagham and others should repeal the CAB completely, said Donal V Thabah, General Secretary. Shillong, Naiwieng 24: The Commandant of the Border Security Force (BSF) BS Tyagi has protected Killapara in West Garo Hills from the Pakistani army. In the 1971 war, he passed away on 18.11.2019 this month.
During the meeting, the two Chief Ministers directed the state government to submit detailed reports and after that there will be another meeting between the two Chief Ministers. three states to speak of.
At the same time, “while we can/should speak the Pnar language, isn't it our duty to preserve, improve and enrich it? Is it right for us to forget it?” added the leaders of Jesus.
There are 162 recoveries today, 142 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from North Garo Hills, 6 from Ri Bhoi, 11 from West Garo Hills and 2 from West Jaintia Hills. The total number of cases so far has risen to
On the other hand, the police blocked the road, took away the placards and threatened to arrest the members of CoMSO for reminding them of the demand for ILP in Meghalaya.
However, the security guard B Shah was not present at the time of the incident, police said. When they had finished putting out the fire, the guard came to the scene.
During his election campaign, Paul said that his main goal is to talk in Delhi to resolve the border issue as the UDP party has already submitted its report. There is a Boundary Commission and the second is to develop farmers and employment opportunities for the youth.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE) will start on October 2, 2013 for the SSLC and HSSLC examinations. the SSLC will start on 4th October.
Therefore, the government should turn to the rural health centers and also to recruit more those nurses who have completed their training and who stay at home every day because they don't have a job.
As it is clear that Manipur has received ILP without thinking, he urged the youth to take the path of dialogue to demand ILP. the Government of India to speak.
The injured were identified as Bah Donbor Kharkongor, 45, of Mawkhan, Baster Nongbet, 26, of Mawnianglah. Kolleat Mylliemlong, 45, from Lawmei and Carelyborn Nongbsap, 19, from Umlyngka.
Shillong, March 20: A government bus (ML01-6855) driven by Bah Khrawborlang Pyngrope collided with another vehicle at 10.20 am today. Three other vehicles were found on the road in Mawblei.
Shillong, June 21: The Meghalaya Editors and Publishers' Association (MEPA) today distributed masks to newspaper vendors in the state. as part of the prevention of the coronavirus.
Speaking on the occasion, Col Narendra Sheoran, Executive Director, said that the assistance provided by NHIDCL is from the CSR of the company and they have already informed the state government to provide 10 more. Ambulance to the state government.
His golden triumphs in the Men’s Open Category, Vaulting Table, and Floor Exercise at the Meghalaya Games were not just personal victories but a testament to the synergy of talent and dedication.
Sangma who is contesting as an independent candidate.
The meeting began with a standing welcome and a loud applause as a sign of welcome to Shri Rahul Gandhi, MP & President, Indian National Congress.
“I felt like I was in my own village," he said.
On the other hand, the Seng demands that this policeman and the officers who failed to arrest the police should be punished.
Shillong, November 23: The celebration of Christmas has arrived in Shillong with lights and stars and Christmas greetings from various villages and youth organizations of Shillong. .
The Organizing Secretary of JYF EJH said that the NGT should not shut down the cement plans in East Jaintia Hills.
They also discussed the increase in excise duty on CSD goods in Assam, Meghalaya and Tripura.
There is no such thing as allowed to be forbidden.
Shillong, Naitung 25: The Deputy Inspector General of Police (ER), Shillong, Shillong, on Tuesday said that the HNLC has called for a letter of demand for money. and say it does not belong to the party.
The Commission's action came after Bah Enlang Sawian, a lawyer and leader of the Hynniewtrep Youths Council (HYC), lodged a complaint with the Commission regarding the incident.
All State Governments have been directed to create posts for women police officers in the ranks of Langrut and Sub-Inspector, by transferring the posts that are available to women.
The civil society organizations which have been involved in this issue to prevent the influx of foreigners, should come forward to give their opinions and the government wants to see their sincere opinions. and this is the time for them to show it by ceasing all their protests.
Shillong, Naitung 10: The Chairperson of the Meghalaya State Women's Commission, Theilin Phanbuh, on Tuesday said that the commission has summoned the Secretary of the Delhi Golf Club to appear before the commission on the 14th of this month. This month, on the complaint of Tailin Lyngdoh who was insulted in the compound of the club.
Therefore, the land of Hynniewtrep needs recognition as a 'Jaidbynriew', the land of Hynniewtrep needs recognition of its rights to its heritage, the land of Hynniewtrep needs the recognition of its own mother tongue, the land of Hynniewtrep needs recognition. To get recognition especially for the swordmen like Tirot Singh, Kiang Nangbah no longer as freedom fighters of India but as freedom fighters of the Jaidbynriew.
Today, about 45 crore poor people in the country have Jan Dhan bank accounts.
Shillong, Nailur 20: The five-day session of the Legislative Assembly will start tomorrow morning and end on the 27th of this month.
On the day of the strike, the city of Jowai was in turmoil as many of the residents of Jowai have supported the strike against the government's decision to take the strike. PWD North Division office in Shangpung.
Therefore, the union urges the heads of various banks to take action to include these two days in the holiday list so that the paradoh parasnam who work in the banks can celebrate these special days. the Nation.
We want to see that in the years to come.
This is the second time that the Green Tech Foundation has taken this initiative to clean up the Nondeiñ River in Nongstoin, West Khasi Hills District. that he snohkti only.
Police, who conducted investigation, found that these three persons had eaten a freshly harvested tit buid which they had harvested from a nearby forest.
However, the alliance between the National People's Party (NPP) and the Indian National Congress to dissolve the Executive Committee in the District Council led by the United Democratic Party (USDP) is something that has put the people in darkness and especially the UDP. Speaking to reporters after the adjournment of the Dorbar Lyiur, Bah Titostarwell Chyne asked whether the Congress in the State Government refuses to join hands with the NPP because it is the party. “In politics, anything can happen.
Chief Engineer of PWD, CW Momin said that a company working on the road from Williamnagar to Tura has informed that the work has been suspended due to the road construction. you are being demanded for money.
About 600 youths from all over Shillong including all religions attended the celebration.
At the time of writing, the struggle to extinguish the fire is still ongoing as the fire is still burning, but has subsided.
“We have come to put warning notices on the doors and windows of the Assam Sanatan Dharma Sabha office to protest and warn them against their actions in Marmaiñ area on the border of Ribhoi. District, Meghalaya and Assam.
In his speech, the Chief of Army Staff told the troops at the West Bengal Air Force Base to be vigilant as this place is very useful. There is a need to further train the workforce.
The Congress leader alleged that the MDA government wants to run the government like companies. The government has sent surveys to the MeECL sites in Tura, Umiam and Byrnihat. for the purpose of handing them over to private individuals on the grounds that these lands are not clean.
MSSASA has sent a message to the Central Government to release the first tranche of funds to the Meghalaya Government as soon as possible so that the State Government can pay their salaries. SSA teachers. The Minister should know why they have not received their salaries and when turning to the Minister of Education, the State Government should know that the State Governments have to pay their salaries. to allocate funds for SSA teachers This is a directive to all States in India.
The availability of natural gas in this area will boost industries without any impact on the environment and will improve the lives of the people by using clean natural gas.
In the past two months, the Chief Minister has met with the Union Minister in charge of Coal Mining twice.
: U Bah Gloucester Nongbet, one of the prominent singers of Meghalaya, will be one of the 84 winners in India to receive the Sangeet Natak Academy Amrit Awards on the occasion of Azadi Ka Amrit. Festival.
On the first day, Meghalaya will play against Sikkim in the first group at 12.30 pm and in the second group, Nagaland will play against Arunachal Pradesh in the first group at 9 pm.
Any nation that does not respect its own writers and language is a nation that seeks destruction.
The office was opened in the presence of the General Manager (Network II) and the Deputy General Manager.
Shillong, Nailur 28: U Minister in charge of Culture and Heritage of Meghalaya, Bah Sanbor Shullai today met with the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Ajay Bhatt. The problem of the tenants of the Cantonment land in Shillong.
The UDP's election promises include nine issues, Himsa and Thaw Villages, Forests, Land Act, Census Act and other customs and traditions, markets and trade. the tribes, the courts and the judiciary and the law of each party.
Speaking to reporters at his office at KHADC, he said that after Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh became Minister of State, he has resigned from the post of EM. He declined to name the person who has been removed, but confirmed that two EM seats have now been vacated in the KHADC. Pynshngianglang Syiem said that the PDA now has 24 MDCs in the 29-member Assembly. The PDA has 24 MDCs. within this group.
Ailand Lyngdoh, Vice President, Kumar Marak, Secretary, Phrangbor Marngar, General Secretary, Bertila Dkhar, Mahilai and others. Doctor drawing up Covid-19 vaccine from glass phial bottle and filling syringe injection for vaccination.
However, the total number of villages in the country is 16,66,0
The Assam North East Youth Festival will also feature programs such as Youth Convention & Seminar, Life Skill Development etc. where resource persons from Delhi, Chennai and other parts of India will come to give presentations. special training for young people.
This means that these two schemes have cost Rs 10 lakh crore to the people of the country.
When the BJP says this, the Congress accuses the BJP of being an anti-religious party.
During the meeting, the Chief Minister said that to regain the right to mine coal, the state government has fought to talk to the central government to release Meghalaya from coal mines (Nationalisation). ) Act 1973 and certain provisions of the Mines and Minerals Act 1975 under Para 12(A) (b) of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The Achik Peace Volunteers Council (APVC) has written to the Secretary to the Ministry of Home Affairs. She said that the peace talks with the rebels in Garo Hills are outside the Constitution of India.
Interestingly, the sha leaves produced in this state are considered to be sha leaves without the use of drugs.
According to the rules and regulations, the police have sprayed the entire outpost and after it is ready for use, they will reopen the Byrnihat outpost.
The Rangbah Shnong said that the Dorbar Shnong strongly opposes the desire of the owners of Mahadev Khola to turn it into a residential area because according to the agreement in previous years, land has been allocated only for the construction of the Mahadev Khola. the Temple shall not be made a dwelling place for men.
“I was playing with the information that the company sent me an SMS as one of the incentives for Vodafone's Bachchan Dhamaal competition, but I don't think this dream will come true.
Members of the KSU Mawkyrwat Circle today closed down the office of the District Medical and Health Officer, Mawkyrwat.
According to the latest news, it is understood that the government has not yet called the two himas to discuss whether to continue the dewbilat factory or to liquidate it completely because the government can no longer run it. it's alone.
The seized sugar has been handed over to the police for further investigation. The BSF is on duty to ensure that there will be no smuggling on the border with Bangladesh. .
The Lok Adalat was held under the chairmanship of Justice Biswanath Somadder of the High Court of Meghalaya and presided over by Justice RV More, who is also a member. The Lok Adalat has heard 675 cases and 344 pending cases. Today, 1019 cases have been heard by the Lok Adalat. 237 tickets have been settled and in terms of money the amount has been T./-.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, he said that the chief guests who will deliver speeches at the meeting as experts are Dr.LS Gassah Prof, retired teacher from NEHU; and Muktiar Robert June Kharjahrin.
During the term of the Presidency, which ends on 30 November 2023, the country is expected to host more than 200 meetings in 55 venues.
If they cannot stop this infiltration of Bangladeshi authorities, it will be a serious threat to the state and the country as a whole.
The union also demanded that the Legislative Assembly should immediately find a way to evict the people living in Them Iew Mawlong as this issue has been pending for many years.
There are five positive cases and these are strong.
He also directed the Government to benefit the 360 ​​children living with HIV/AIDS. Speaking to the media on Saturday, Kanoongo said, “This is very important.
Speaking to reporters, Dr Mukul said that the production of evidence is a bad thing, it is a bad thing that this allegation of corruption and he is ashamed to see that the appears in the media, and as it appears in the illegal coal trade, the name of the minister appears.
There are 4 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 3 from West Garo Hills and 1 from West Garo Hills. The total number of recoveries has risen to 83276 so far.
Shillong, Naitung 15: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) today sent a petition to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya to urge him to allocate sufficient funds from the Special Plan Assistance to The house of Tirot Singh has been converted into a museum in Nongkhlaw.
Shillong, November 06: The Hill Farmers Union (HFU) has held a meeting to mark the Meghalaya Farmers Day on the 4th of this month.
Shillong, March 13: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Umdohlun Circle has met with the Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District today at its office under the leadership of Samla Arbok Kharjahrin. HYC SWKH General Secretary Samla Moonkingstar L Paliar, HYC SWKH General Secretary Samla Bantei Wanniang, Vice President HYC SWKH Samla Rishotroy Kharjahrin and other members.
A mother of the house has expressed her sorrow and grief over the incident in which the fire has destroyed the house and all the belongings and fortunately with the four children. apart from any unfortunate incident.
On the other hand, the union demands that the government should ensure that there should be no lights during the examination.
On the other hand, the KSU cannot accept that the members of the KSU will be invited without any proper evidence. call back without sufficient evidence.
The UDP is the main ally of the NPP, which is working within the ruling Meghalaya Democratic Alliance.
At this meeting, the Committee of Ministers in charge of Mineral Resources in the North East expressed its concerns and demands to the Union Minister in charge of Mineral Resources. Pralhad Joshi, Minister of Foreign Affairs and Parliamentary Affairs.
If they (teachers) participate in political parties, it will be enough," he added.
Professor Randeep Guleria, Director AIIMS, New Delhi congratulated all those who sent these relief items such as ventilators, oxygen cylinders and oxygen concentrators to combat the increase in cases.
Rangbah Shnongs and Village Authorities from all 14 villages attended the meeting. The MLA personally attended the meeting in the presence of the Chief Engineer of the National Highway, Bruce P Marak. , other engineers were also present to explain to the Rangbah Shnongs about the footpath.
Village Council: Mr. W.Wanniang (Village Chairman) and Mr. HH Dohtdong (Secretary).
When asked whether the party will summon these four MDCs, Teinwell Dkhar, Equator Nongrang, Albinus Lyngdoh and Donkupar Sumer, UDP leader said that the party will summon these four MDCs. Call them to come and explain within the party and after they have received the explanation they will see what should be done.
If these things are allowed as a party we have seen that it is like a "shetkylla" of the trust of the people of the area who have followed the orders of the government and without the inability to stop before implementing such "decisions" Laplah "will pose a serious threat to the area from the spread of the disease as well as from the threat of illegal entry of foreigners.
He also urged the Mawïongrim Unit to monitor the movement of mynder who walk every moment on the road who cannot be identified as committing 40 kinds of crimes to defame the road. the society in this State.
In the past, the salary deficit was small, but with the struggle, we don't even have to spend money, we don't even have to provide education to our children.
From a contraction-24% of the economy to an increase of 6.25 % in two years, this was due to domestic security and international relations.
It is necessary for the DM&HO to take action in this regard to protect many of the suffering people in the Shella PHC and Ichamati CHC area, Sohra Civil Sub-Division.
Nongpoh, Naitung 11: Speaking at a public meeting in Umsning today on the implementation of the Chief Minister's Social Assistance Scheme (CMSA), the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, today announced that the Block The new headquarters is located in Umroi.
The areas where they will work are Nongstoin, Mawkyrwat, Khliehriat, Jowai, Nongpoh, Resubelpara, Williamnagar, Tura and Ampati.
This action of the government has deprived the rights of two other Khasi who are on the waiting list of the Khasi-Jaintia category.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, while speaking through video conferencing on the occasion of the 100th Anniversary of the Bharat Sevashram Sangha held in Shillong, said that he wants to to see that the North East will become a gateway to the countries of South East Asia.
Before the program at Madan Nongrah, the Chief Guest and the guests of honor had the opportunity to perform traditional songs and dances by the talented people including students and youth of the area. Tirot Singh Syiem's ​​statue at the Khasi Patriotic Home, Nongkhlaw.
On this occasion, the Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui in his speech, congratulated the hospital for taking this difficult step to start the Nursing College. A blessing not only to the Hospital but to the state as a whole.
In the public meeting, the office bearers of 103 VECs in Mawthadraishan C&RD Block and 157 VECs in Mairang C&RD Block were invited to speak for 2 minutes. Leaders, Sordars, Office Bearers, Longkmie, VECs from different villages of Mawthadraishan and Mairang, Mawthadraishan and Mairang, They expressed their satisfaction and congratulated the Government of India for this MGNREGS Scheme since its inception in these areas 2008 –
What is urgent is that after all the information, it was learned that there was a preparation to blow up the bomb again. Sadly, this death is a loss in terms of information that should have been received.
Shillong, Nailar 09: Four schools in Umphyrnai, Loreto Mary Ward, RCLP Upper Primary School, Umpyrnai Presbyterian School and Sunrays Upper Primary School Upper Primary School Upper Primary School today received computers. u Bah Christopher Rani.
The festival of traditions, cultures and traditional arts will be held on the basis of Good, Clean and Fair.
It is to be recalled that the incident in Lat Darang where two persons were injured in the attack by Bangladeshis and the incident in Amdoh where one civilian and one BSF personnel were injured in the attack by Bangladeshis. Many people in the area think that there is no need for a shiah border crossing with Bangladesh.
We are committed to ensuring that the benefits of economic development reach you and that these benefits reach the most vulnerable in society who have suffered because of Article
Shillong, March 09: CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing on Tuesday said that there is no surprise in the report on the Shillong Jail Break. the sixth month.
This was announced by the President of the All NEHU Workers Union (ANWU) after a meeting of the union members.
“As it appears in the media and social media, the allegation that the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has done "I don't know why, but I'm sure it's because of this allegation by the Chief Minister. There's no such thing as an insult to me.
Shillong, March 05: There are 96 new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 64 cases in West Khasi Hills and 64 cases in West Khasi Hills. 13 cases, total number of cases so far
He said that most of the time you have to be smart and strong to take part in such exercises , he urged the residents of Mawlai to try to do such exercises to have a healthy and strong body.
The KHADC will soon draw up rules to prevent the charging of written fees in the sale and purchase of land in villages, raids or himas, so that it should no longer do or charge as they please.
During the inspection, the Minister expressed her satisfaction to see that the work is almost completed and said that she wants to open this school in the field of textile manufacturing at least in the country. April this year.
He said that Digital India has given rise to the opportunity. He said that traders, entrepreneurs, designers and manufacturers working in small businesses can now sell their products to all. .
When the police saw this, they let them go.
If the government takes care of this region, it should show that it is not corrupt by implementing these issues which this region urgently needs at this time.
Shillong, Naitung 21: The Government of Meghalaya today decided to increase the grant for teachers teaching in secondary and higher secondary schools. by 100 per cent, while 3212 teachers in the state will get the benefit.
There were 40 participants including men and women.
The central theme of the two-day meeting was “The earth is in sorrow and the world is in sorrow, the whole heaven is in sorrow and the whole world is in sorrow”. the book of Isaiah the prophet.
Speaking at a public meeting to inaugurate the new block, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the government is striving to deliver development works to all the remote areas of the state. will ensure that the 95 villages under this block will receive government benefits.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Minister in charge of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, said that the Chief Minister is well aware of the problems of the schools in the state. all of which the government wants to do something about.
It is said that when she left the house she was wearing a kurta and leggings, a white woman, a long hair and about five and a half feet tall.
Some IAS officers have been disappointed by this action of the government and the CSWO said that this action of the government is to cover up all the corruption and the dismissal of The officers are the actions of the politicians.
“In fact, such a law should have been passed decades ago according to the powers given by the Constitution of India. The AJYWO welcomes the JHADC through the Sixth Schedule, but now it is too late due to the lack of attention of the previous leaders of the JHADC. The present EC of JHADC has done a very important job for the life and death of our small nation”.
in and this they do to be done before the end of this month.
The application shall be sent to the Head of Government Department and from the Head of Government Department the application shall be sent to the Personnel & AR (A) Department for approval.
Shillong, July 12: Police in West Garo Hills have seized a truck carrying 1300 boxes of Kingfisher bear while patrolling at Chandmari in Rongram. not according to the law.
The rally will be inaugurated by Union Minister of State for Child Development Mansukh Lal Mandaviya in charge of Indian Road Construction at India Gate in New Delhi. he don't just.
This depends on the immediate action of the State Government and the Government of India to take action on the lives and deaths that will affect the villagers in the border areas.
We also appeal to the people of North East India to support us so that our struggle will be a success for the people.
But now they are focusing more on Indian export opportunities," he wrote.
Therefore, this insult and inaction of the MLA has angered the Mahila leaders in the village to leave the Congress and join the UDP. UDP candidate Bah Khraw Kupar Jyrwa for the upcoming elections in June this year.
Shillong, March 19: The District School Education Officer (DSEO) of East Khasi Hills District will be held on the 25th of this month. will be held on the 1st of November next month.
Another provision has been imposed under the Meghalaya Pandemic Disaster COVID-19 Regulation 2020, according to which if it can be proved that they have violated the government's announcements they can be imprisoned with a fine.
We congratulate the people who look after the cleanliness of the morning and you have worked hard for everyone.
The Central Government's treatment of the people of the North East has caused many problems and this ethnic discrimination is evident from their treatment of the people of the North East. this area.
iLEAD (Initiative for Livelihood Education & Development) is an Aid et Action program which provides vocational training to children even those who have dropped out of school part-time for unavoidable reasons and who have skills in jobs. working according to the demand of the trade to create jobs and stand on their own feet.
During the search, police seized 1,00,000 (one lakh) grams of suspected Yaba heroin weighing 10.122 kilos.
Therefore, I urge the rulers or the people when you meet such people who used to hold sticks to cross the road, in the market places or in any place, remember to respect them, because if I who sees cannot help or respect people who do not see, can I expect God to bless me to do good and help only people who see.
Shillong, Nailur 14: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today met with a group of MDCs of KHADC under the leadership of the CEM to discuss the implementation of the Code of Criminal Procedure. and the Code of Civil Procedure in the State of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: Members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Shillong today met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Matsiewdor War Nongbri to urge her not to allow the The International Trade Fair (ITF) has been held in Shillong due to the fear of Coronavirus.
This is according to a statement sent by the Assistant General Secretary of the HYC.
The fire brigade also came to extinguish the blaze. In this incident, the vehicle was damaged, but no one was injured in the incident.
In his speech, the President of the party, Bah G Kharrswai, said that the pollution of the environment in these days is caused by the private sector especially in the waters and rivers without thinking about the cleanliness. their personal gain.
We have witnessed how lifestyles that used to be fruitful in the past, now stand like ruins.
States like Assam, which started with 1% employment, have now reached 54% employment growth under the Jal Jeevan Mission.
He was also a prominent leader in the state and wrote many books. He said that he was one of the leading leaders of the Khasi Kmie and the government has honored him by awarding him the Meghalaya Order. Day Award.
Since the beginning of the outbreak, 96282 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in Meghalaya, 94290 have recovered and 1613 have died.
On the other hand, these youths also demanded that the government should extend the term of this group as it should be and not just end it prematurely.
Blik Shrieh said that Sohkynduh village is very backward and it would be good if the government would have mercy to bring in a sub-centre to provide better services to the people in the health of the residents. village and neighbourhood.
“Despite repeated requests to call for meetings, there has been no response,” said the Association.
Besides them, there were also other officers who spoke and explained about the schemes according to their duties.
Fixed Deposit in the name of children: PM CARES will contribute through a special scheme to bring in a corpus of up to T 10 lakh for each child when he reaches the age of 18 years: This corpus : It will be used to provide food allowance from 18 years of age to 5 years for the needs of these children while they are still in education and when they turn 23 years old, these children will receive this corpus once received and they can use this themselves.
When the police saw the crowd, they tried to disperse the crowd from the area but the crowd did not listen.
As it is clear now, to say that one should not go to study doctorate just because they get high marks in the examination is a mistake.
The genus Phintella, are small to medium-sized spiders characterized by their vivid colors and adorned with metallic iridescent scales.
Robert J Kharjahrin General Secretary said that the gathering of the relatives of Mot Tirot Singh was to commemorate the great king who fought against the British at that time. against their own people whom they have chosen to be leaders.
Others who were sworn in include HD Kumaraswamy of the Janata Dal (Secular), Khattar, Lalan Singh and others.
Speaking to reporters at the Shillong Press Club, u Bah Synshar Khymdeit in the presence of Bless Dkhar President of the HNYF Shillong City, Kyrshan Khymdeit, his brother, said, I'm not the one who asks for money as it's been reported.
On the other hand, the Congress MDCs said that the lack of salary of the employees is not only the problem of the employees but the people of Garo Hills are also suffering because the work is not going smoothly. The Congress has urged the CEM not to pay his salary.
Let the people decide on that.
The second issue is that the Mawkyrwat-Mawmerang-Rangthong road is not sufficiently drained especially in the areas before reaching Mawmerang village. It flows in the middle of the road because it doesn't have adequate drains and this we see as the union will deteriorate along the road if the office cannot provide drains.
The arrested are identified as Dr Alexander Lyngdoh, 55, Joster Synsshiang, 20, Phailang Mawrong,
Also present on the occasion was Bah Peter T Passah BDO of Mylliem Block and in his speech he urged the students to strive hard to study to achieve their goals. The BDO of Mawryngkneng, Bah Ronnie Wahlang, also urged the youth to work hard to improve the dignity of the family and the community as a whole.
When people find the use of Calcium Carbide or any other wrongdoing in relation to the production of soh, they can inform the Commissioner of Food Safety in the State to punish such violators. the law.
He left behind some 100-year-old notes in which he shared a prophecy that there would be a time when water would be sold in vegetable shops.
He said that 16,000 NDRF members will now receive a risk and hardship allowance of 40%.
The Prime Ministers of India and Bangladesh have agreed to work together to curb all forms of terrorism.
In November 2012, Bah Lamphrang was arrested for the illegal purchase of a 7.65 pistol used by four robbers on the National Highway.
Shylla's request for a public hearing is based on these grounds, because of the allegations by the HSPDP against him.
Regarding the number of people tested positive for COVID-19 in the state so far, 14147 people have tested negative, 13303 have tested negative and 800 results are pending.
The case was heard and on September 7, 2022, the Meghalaya High Court issued its verdict.
If you don't know how to wear a patlun that covers the body from the legs, you are not the standard in this age.
Prevention of tobacco use is especially difficult in high-income countries, where some drink and some eat tobacco and others are also affected.
There are other villages in Phlangdiloin area which fall under Ranikor C&RD Block and have to walk for 3 hours to reach Ranikor.
Shillong, June 26: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Isawanda Laloo, on Tuesday reminded the public that if any taxi drivers charge more than the price set by the government, they should complain by giving the number. car.
Shillong, Naitung 11: A group of civil society organizations under the banner of the Confederation of Khasi Social Organizations today met with the Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Prestone Tynsong to follow up on the work of the High Level Committee. which is related to the Mawlong Hills.
The opening ceremony is scheduled to be held on the 10th July, which will be a large and lively programme, with the participation of more than 400 participants. on the 10th of July where more than 400 performers and more than 400 assistants will be present.
The executive committee of the Dorbar Shnong has also elected the office bearers of all the villages under the Dorbar Shnong Mawiong Umjapung.
NEHUSU leaders admitted that after investigation, it was the Education Cell of the RSS. Police who visited the school did not find any more people carrying weapons. monitor the situation within this university to tame any conflicts that may arise at any time.
Speaking at the meeting, the Prime Minister congratulated all and expressed his gratitude to be present as the Supreme Court celebrates its 75th Anniversary today. and he also spoke about the 75-year-old Constitution of the country in the past two days.
It is alleged that one of the people who was drunk at that time, one of them took a tyrmen and bombed him from the side of the lbong until he lost consciousness and was taken to the Civil Hospital Shillong for treatment. get treatment.
The indigenous people in Jammu and Kashmir should have the same rights as other indigenous people in the country.
The presence of the Khasi Department within NEHU has also confused the spelling as the subject linguistics has been imported from abroad.
The flooding of water in the middle of the road which has also entered the shops in front of the road is due to the excessive behavior of the shopkeepers who throw garbage in the street.
In his speech, Bah Adelbert Nongrum said that the existence of this college has helped a lot to the youth of the state to get education. he is quick to have his right hand to help in other matters.
The aim of this scheme is to help children who have lost their parents.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: Ka KHNAM on Tuesday confirmed several new office bearers of the Tynring Unit and elected Samla Marvin Kharmalki as Chairman, S Nongrum as Vice Chairman and K Nongrum as Vice Chairman. Renald Kharumnuid as Asst Secretary, Blamut N as President, Teiskhem Kharmalki as Vice President and 60 members of the unit.
The day laborers have not been issued any Identiy Card by the departments where they work and have not been issued a letter of appointment. They are working on EPF or ESI so the date they start working should be fixed to be included in the record.
Referring to the delay in applying for the construction of houses, the Prime Minister said that 468 houses have been approved and the delay in receiving the money is due to the banks. The Government has called a meeting and it has been agreed that 3000 more houses will be built in the next five years.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday expressed its deep concern over the decision of its Vice President Frederick Kharmawphlang to join the HNLC.
Shillong, Nailur 21: Employees of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) under the auspices of the Non Gazette Employees Association (NGEA) have staged a poster rally in front of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) office to demand that to re-appoint those leaders who have been dismissed.
Bah Wandon Bok Jyrwa said that the union strongly opposes this behavior of the police, the insult to the drivers, but at the same time there is cooperation between the police and the drivers by holding public meetings.
The Seng also urged that if any work cannot be done by the people from the area, they should be considered first so that it will bring peace in many areas.
However, the Minister declined to answer many questions, saying that once he has received the report, he will be able to give a clear answer regarding the scheme.
She was taken to Hatsingimari Public Health Center and Dhubri Civil Hospital for treatment.
According to a complaint received from Bah Bijoy, on 5th November 2022, unidentified persons broke into his residence in Ur-Masi-U-Joh, Smit and took away. the money that was in the house and the gold.
She said that through the photographs displayed in the exhibition, the students learn about the unknown heroes of the North East who contributed to the independence of the country.
The Chief Minister said that his father Purno A Sangma has a close relationship with the people of Rongjeng area. Civil Sub Divisions to improve the services of the government to the people.
After this, the shopkeepers were asked to verify whether they have a Trading License according to the laws of the District. states have to obtain a license to trade.
The Government has agreed that all those who come from outside the North East have to quarantine for 14 days and after 14 days they don't have to quarantine even if they have to quarantine. They are under quarantine and the government will provide food for them in these days.
This kind of market will promote the products of the people who trade in these plants and will also help to establish relationships between these traders, he said.
Regarding the establishment of schools, the government is looking for ways to bring about order in the management of them.
The President of the KSU Myntriang Unit, Samla Iamon Lapasam, said that the KSU will not hesitate to move forward to achieve the rights of the people even if there are vested interests who try to destroy the path. for the Seng shall act according to its own constitution.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) Khliehriat Branch today lodged a petition with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District to demand that the road should be barricaded. to the passengers.
This meeting was held after the Seng found that the Assam government has not paid attention to the talks with the Meghalaya government after the tragic incident on 22/11/2
According to the DPIIT, a group will be considered a start-up for 10 years from the date of its establishment, promotion and if the turnover of the group in any financial year does not exceed T 100 crore.
Shillong, July 30: U Mawryngkhang is one of the tallest and tallest mountains in Shillong.
Referring to the TMC, he said that this is the party of Mamta Banarjee and it is a party that the people do not accept in the state. public.
The election meeting has gone ahead and the people are eager to hear the speech of the Chief Minister especially the supporters of the Congress party. I don't want to vote in this MDC election.
Shillong, Lber 26: The office of the Border Area Development Officer (BADO) at Mawksieng in Mawsynram has been badly damaged.
He said that the party has already discussed with the government on this issue and has promised to put it in place first because the biometric enrollment should ensure that the authorities should not be registered.
George B Lyngdoh MLA said that this is a victory because of the strong opposition of the AITC leadership which led to the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government to return the FCRA to the MoC.Na. The party will continue to work for the people.
During the meeting, Shri John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, welcomed Shri Rahul Gandhi, MP on behalf of the Syiems, Dolloi, Lyngdohs and Nokmas. of Meghalaya, and thanked him for his time to meet.
Answering a question, Bah M.Nongrem said that the Committee has decided to convene a special session in this regard so that this issue can be brought about. report to the council.
Referring to the Mawphlang-Balat Road, it is necessary to upgrade this road as it connects India and Bangladesh in many ways and among them is the trade. and tourism industry.
He urged the people to use the water wisely and to have the ability to collect water if there is a road. work in life but which has to preserve the waters.
The signatories of the agreement were Hema Nayak, DRDA Project Director Ampati RZD Shira, DMHO Ampati H Barman and DSWO Ampati TK Marak.
Despite this, the General Administration Department and the Deputy Commissioner, Ri-Bhoi District, who have declared a public holiday on the 12th June 2021 in East Khasi Hills and Ri-Bhoi District, Keep this Shad, our joy.
Khasi land owners you can do whatever you want in your own land without any fear or anxiety and if anything happens the KSU will not hesitate to take responsibility and the GSU Khonjoy Regional Unit will take responsibility. for it is he who began such a national feeling.
The Land Port is located on an area of ​​23.0 acres.
During the meeting, Union Home Minister Amit Shah welcomed the demand of the MDA and said he would look into it soon.
Shillong, Nailur 21: Answering a question by Gabriel Wahlang, the Minister of Revenue and Disaster Management, Kyrmen Shylla, today said that the government has allocated T.20 lakh to the offices of the Deputy Commissioners and In addition, T.50 lakh has been allocated to the DCs for use during the natural disaster.
Donkupar said that the CEM of KHADC has issued work orders in Umsning Constituency to the people of the PDF. this was done without your knowledge.
He said that if he wins the MP election he promises to be with the people and to encourage them by giving them the right hand to promote the sports industry in the rural areas and to develop the skills. which is also one of the ways to eradicate poverty in the country and the nation.
The drug traffickers make it their goal to subject the youth to these crimes with the intention of destroying the youth and this is the goal of the drug traffickers to destroy them.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The Cabinet meeting today approved the foreign investment for the Meghalaya Eco Tourism Infrastructure Development Project scheme worth $98 million. New Development Bank (NDB).
At the same time, it was said that the committee will visit twice a month and later it will be once a month while the JNV has not yet finalized the annual contract at a cost of long about 18 lakh tyngka per annum.
Those candidates who have been found to have been badly marked in the report of the CBI or the HLSC from the examination centres, Shillong Sadar, Jowai, Amlarem, Tura and Dadenggre, if anyone wishes to submit anything They have to do so within 30 days from today and the letter should be sent to the Chief Secretary of the State if there is a view for them that they are not registered candidates.
Laitphar said that the tax collection gate and the blockade of the farmers from Khanduli village have caused problems to the people as they have to pay taxes and cannot go to their farms.
G.Diengdoh said.
The Chief Minister said that according to information received from the media, farmland belonging to Khasi and Garo in Bangladesh has been damaged and up to 28,000 farmers have been affected. Three people were injured in the shooting.
In line with the initiative of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and under the leadership of Defense Minister Amit Shah, the Government of India has signed social agreements with rebel groups from the North East since ending terrorism and promoting economic development.
Shillong, March 27: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar today visited two places in Mawpdang, Mawkasiang, Mawdiangdiang and Mawpat. long or not to move the Secretariat to this place.
Addressing the gathering that had culminated at Moreau Institute of Integral Training (MIIT) after the cleaning drive from Dhanketi Parking Lot, Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma said that different groups, individuals and departments have been doing activities in their own capacity and there was a need to bring the efforts of everyone together.
He said that in the past, the CMD has been appointed as Principal Secretary, Additional Chief Secretary or Chief Secretary.
He especially praised the parents who have invested their efforts to support and encourage their children to showcase their talents.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister said that the final decision will be taken at the Cabinet meeting to be held on Tuesday morning.
Many discussions and comments were made on the proposal to amend the Sixth Schedule.
The party doesn't have any other words to congratulate the leader but as an encouragement to others the party feels that this is the victory of the Jaitbynriew as a whole. you work shit.
Speaking at the meeting, the Working President of KHNAM, Bah Thomas Passah, said that KHNAM is not a party to win elections to get money. Awakening Movement.
Director of Sports and Youth Affairs Isawanda Laloo, President of MFA Hamletson Dohling, Working President of Meghalaya Sports Olympic Association John Kharshiing, General Secretary Bah Finely Pariat and others.
After the meeting, they also visited the parking lot and the place of worship.
The Central Government has proposed to replace the PHC with a Wellness Centre.
Shillong, Naitung 20: Heavy rains in the North East of India have caused flooding in the Bramapura River and flooding in the plains of West Garo Hills and South. West Garo Hills where many villages have been flooded.
New Delhi, Nailur 01: The Government of India has announced the death of former President Shri Pranab Mukherjee.
In a complaint sent to the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Rituraj Ravi, the CEO said, “We have received information that some unidentified persons have collected money with fake receipts. The Town Vending Committee (TVC) through this office has now complied with the rules of the Meghalaya Street Vending Scheme. 2023.
Speaking as the chief guest, he announced that he will assist in the ring lighting of the warehouse, the construction of a football ground and the construction of a police station for the. public.
U Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar honored them by handing over a certificate of cash prize along with the momentous.
These birds have been arriving in the area since mid-April after arriving from Nagaland and will stay there for about 10 months before migrating back to other places.
Shillong, Nailur 02: The BJP supporters from Nongstoin Constituency want the party to give ticket to Dr Herbert Bani as the party's candidate for the 2018 MLA elections.
Anurag Thakur also spoke on the themes of Y20 which are i) Future of Work: Industry 4.0, Innovation & 21st Century skills, ii) Climate Change and Disaster Risk Reduction: Making Sustainability a way of life, iii) Peacebuilding and Reconciliation:Ushering in an era of No War, iv) Shared Future: Youth in Democracy and Governance and Health, Wellbeing &Sports: Agenda for Youth.
To try to meet with the Prime Minister and Home Minister of India to get clarification on the readiness to implement and fulfill the commitments of India as mentioned in the White Paper on Indian States. To meet with Smt.
We hope that more and more participants will come from abroad.
If the government sees that this is a success, the government will continue to increase the budget in the coming years.
“Kong Darihun Kharmalki, who is an Asha worker in the village, who was appointed by the doctors of PHC Lumrit, has been forcibly dismissed from her post and those who oppose the Sordar have appointed a foreigner.
Speaker of the Legislative Assembly AT Mandal told SP News Agency that the President of India will address the House tomorrow morning at 4 pm. This is according to the programmed setting.
On the other hand, the Principal, Miss Stella Phyllei, in her welcome speech, expressed her gratitude to the MLA for his contribution to the school.
The requests for assistance from these civil society organizations have been excessive, even in terms of money and other development projects that they want to get in their respective areas.
Dr Kharlukhi also acknowledged that the issue of Inner Line Permit and Khasi and Garo Language will be the main issues to be discussed.
"I urge the people, the Dorbar Shnongs and the Sengbhalang to set a goal to complete these projects as soon as possible and not to disrupt the companies because of the allegation that there is a and that shall be destroyed.
At the same time, Dr Donkupar said that farming is not an easy job, there are many problems and one of the problems faced by the people in farming is the lack of food. bsa to the right.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: Former MLA of Nongkrem, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit today said that without the cooperation between the Ministry of Home Affairs and the Ministry of Transport, the illegal trade in bewiong would not have been possible. can walk.
On the other hand, the Governor said that in this short period of time, he has shown himself as a leader.
In the second step, both teams played hard and no one was able to score.
The KTFA's statement came after Nongpoh MLA Bah Mayral Born Syiem recently raised in the House of Representatives the concerns of the people in Marmaiñ area on the allegation that there is a threat of groups. Sacred Heart Secondary School, Marmaiñ has been directed to remove religious images from the school.
The Vice President of the North Eastern Hill University Students Union (NEHUSU) Estherson Sohtun has been stabbed and shot dead on Tuesday by non-residents who were celebrating Holi near a pond on the ground floor. of NEHU, Shillong.
This is part of the measures to prevent the illegal entry of people into the state.
The State Government has passed the Inter State Migrant Works Act 2012. In this inspection, it was also found that some contractors do not employ foreigners who have not reached the age of majority. he is the law.
The meeting was opened by Bah LT Tariang, MCS, Block Development Officer, Laskien C&RD Block, in the presence of officers from AH&VO.
The Constitution has reserved this important role for the management of ethnic minority areas such as Assam, Meghalaya, Tripura and Mizoram.
Shillong, November 16: U Bah Sanbor Shullai has directed all the Rangbah Shnongs of the 19-Shillong South Assembly Constituency to inform him within two months on the locations for the installation of solar lights in their villages. they.
However, until today since the passage of the Resolution by the Assembly, the four former Forest Ministers 2000 – 2017 have not been able to resolve these issues of the landowners and forest owners. Minister Forest Meghalaya, who is the Minister who is responsible for taking action to address this issue.
In this regard, the union also demands the establishment of a District Consumer Dispute Redressal Commission under the Consumer Protection Act 2019 and also to provide consumer awareness programs from time to time to the consumers.
Shillong, June 21: The Returning Officer of the 23-Sohiong (ST) Assembly Constituency today announced that there are seven candidates for the MLA elections.
On this occasion, the elders of the Warjri Kur from Manai were honored and gifts were distributed by the Manai Kur Branch.
Shillong, November 11: U Bah Lofrickshon Nongbri, one of the most talented artists and owner of Nongbri Arts in Umsohsun, has passed away at the age of
Upon receiving the complaint, the police have launched a search operation in collaboration with the Assam Police.
Two of the injured were identified as Zahidul Islam and Jamor Ali.
He said it is not easy for the management of the school as it has turned 50 years old.
: it means to plant and bury; it is the root of the plant; it is the root of the whole earth.
The Director General of Police, Meghalaya, has said this at a meeting held recently in Manipur and the police department will discuss the same issue at a meeting to be held soon. in Shillong.
He said that in these days there are foreign forces who want to destroy our nation by bringing evil things in this beloved country so that the youth will fall into these things. Please don't be a victim of the Jaidbynriew.
Therefore, while there is access to the sections brought under Section 77, prominent speakers also have a responsibility to maintain dignity during their speeches at meetings.
In Sri Lanka, people have been killed inside churches.
People from the area were told.
Andrinalyne Diengdoh 8th position Geography 74.5%.
In his speech, the Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, Dr. Aman Warr, said that the implementation of the Meghalaya government in health services is better than that of other states in the North East. Meghalaya has 93% of the patients in the state who go to government health centres.
The Government has protected the money of the people and has given 50 days to the people to deposit their money in banks until 30th November, or at the post offices. office and you can apply as much as you want without any restrictions.
He said that as an MDC, he sees that the District Council is the strength of the people.
According to the 2011 census, there are 44,317 people with disabilities in Meghalaya and of these, 35,515 have received certificates.
It has been developed in an easy to use manner in which misunderstandings about EVM/VVPAT, Electoral Roll/voter services, the conduct of the electoral process and others have been explained.
Shillong, Nailur 27: U Dr Rev. Batkupar Dunai, Chairman of the Meghalaya United Christian Forum (MUCF) on Tuesday expressed his deep sorrow over the loss of lives in the city. Shillong and the state as a whole.
Pyniaid Syiem said that the legalization of these bills is a great benefit to the people and he said that there are about 8 other bills including the clan bill. The DCA through the Expert Committee has rejected it.
These will be the biggest challenges for the subject Social Science in
Shillong, Naitung 29: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Education Cell CEC, after meeting with the Kum Seng, has seen the revised guidelines of the University Grant Commission (UGC) issued on Colleges and Universities should continue to conduct the examination of final year students across India despite the increase in positive cases across the country as well as in Meghalaya.
The festival was inaugurated by Bah AL Hek, Minister of Fisheries and Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, Government of Meghalaya in the presence of Bah Khrawboklang Basaiawmoit, State Vice-President BJP. , Dr. Fenela L. Nonglait, Paiem Freeman Syiem of Sohra Hima, Sordar of Umrew Beach Festival.
The Sirdar of Raid Nongkshen, Sukher Nongrum, the Rangbah Shnong of Nongskhem, Thombor Marbaniang, while speaking to reporters at the Shillong Press Club, said that there was a clash on the Lat Hat Thymmai road.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: Members of the CORP Umshaken Unit in the presence of the General Secretary of the CORP, Bah EG Shylla.
Enbin admitted that at the time of applying for the ticket, the HSPDP branches had given their support to him but at the time of deciding to apply for the ticket, it was given to Bah Renik.
This is his first visit as General Secretary of the AICC after he assumed office in charge of Meghalaya.
Other wine stores located in other areas are not allowed to open.
Arnold B Lanong said that this is not only for their organization but for all the teams that take part in the games the government has said that there is no money.
To fight insurgency in the North East of India is very difficult, but Meghalaya has shown its way without implementing this law in the state and the central government. this should be seen in the fight against terrorism.
He said the Ranji Trophy is the highest level BCCI domestic tournament and any team that plays is not easy.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Lamphrangsngi Kharbani, President of HANM, said that the HANM has a “Land Protection Unit” and through this unit, they will meet with the Syiems, Dorbar Shnongs and to the people, at least at the beginning of 2019, to the Syiems, Dorbar Shnongs and to the people living on the border with the State of Assam who have been facing and being harassed every day by the Government of Assam.
The KSA officials have ordered the guard at this place not to allow vehicles to enter the ground.
On 4th November 2023, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Ministry of Home Affairs, Prestone Tynsong, said that the Government has already sent a message to the HNLC leaders that they want Chairman Bobby Marweiñ and General Secretary. Bah Saiñkupar Nongtraw should not be present at the peace talks.
Shillong, November 02: The National People's Party (NPP) on Tuesday said that the two constituencies, Mawryngkeng and Rajabala, are the constituencies won by the Congress.
He said some parts of the country are witnessing an increase in positive cases.
Manda Mahari Kumonggrikani, speaking on the report in one of the Garo newspapers and one of the English newspapers, said that the news was released by the All North East Garo Law Promoters Association (ANEIGLPA). Lonerson Ch Marak, General Secretary of the Kur, said that Dr Mukul Sangma is a Garo and he is registered with the Kur. where.
The BSF has been arresting Bangladeshis from time to time and these same people once they have entered the area they have moved to other parts of Meghalaya and their employers have been arresting them. They rejoiced because they received the workers at a low price.
Such a meeting was held for the first time in 2019, and for four years now this meeting has provided an opportunity to recognize health organizations from Assam.
Answering questions, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare said that it is a fact that many of the doctors who go to study from the government, after completing their studies, some of them pay the “ Bond" because there is no problem they cannot be closed and this puts the government in great trouble.
The scheme is to provide electricity to all the residents of the state. It was found that the implementation of this scheme in the state has been in turmoil. The authority has been misused to allow companies to get more benefits from this scheme.
The last goal happened to be the 100th of SPL 2023.
Jowai, July 09: The KSU Iooksi Unit has expressed its gratitude to the students of Iooksi Village for passing well in the SSLC/HSSLC examinations of MBOSE and especially to all the students of Iooksi Presbyterian Secondary School.
With the announcement of the date for the elections, the Model Code of Conduct (MCC) has come into force immediately across the country.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, the Governor praised the State Government for its efforts to bring peace in the state through the call for peace talks with the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) as directed by the Ministry of Home. Affairs (MHA) of the Central Government.
There is never fear in the working methods of the party and our struggle to take up arms is based on the history of our struggle,” said Bah Nongtraw.
Besides, the participation was limited to the leaders of all the branches of the Seng Khasi of the districts and branches of Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum.
On the defeat of Prah in the MLA election, Pyniaid said that his defeat is because they don't know who the opponent is. easier to deal with.
The KHNAm Youth Wing demands that the KHADC and JHADC should write to all these offices of the Government of India that the trade licenses have to be verified before awarding tenders to non-tribals.
It can also break the chain of disease transmission, which is really important because the disease effect is caused by the multiplication of the pathogen and is dangerous for the spread of the disease.
In November, 2022, seven persons, including five from Meghalaya and one Assam Forest Guard Police, were killed in a shootout by Assam Police in Mukroh village.
Regarding the encouraging visit of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare to the containment areas, it does not mean that you have to take the song, but the visit has encouraged the people and given peace. This is the responsibility of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare.
ARPAN Women's received 50,000, Laban Women's Association received 50,000, Shishu Mandir Secondary School received 50,000, Greater Laban Gorkha Women's Welfare Association received 50,0 Pynshai School of Martial Arts received 50,000 tyngka, SPARK Bringing Light to Lives, Assam House Dhankheti, Shillong received 50,000 tyngka, Meghalaya State Kick Boxing Association received 50,000 tyngka. get twenty thousand pieces of silver.
In his speech, the Governor praised the progress of the university in achieving the ninth rank among the private universities and this was published in the “Education World India Higher Education 2021-2
Regarding the distribution of ration through ration shops, the Cabinet has decided that the ration shops should be allowed to distribute ration for three years.
Speaking to reporters, he said that following the arrest of suspected Jihadi militants in Assam, the Meghalaya Police Department has directed all police departments to be vigilant. There are 100,000 people in Meghalaya.
On the other hand, Bah Daniel Khyriem spoke strongly on the incidents that have affected the society especially the death of KSU leader S Hynniewta at the hands of the authorities in Ichamati last year.
The KSU also urged the Syiem of Maharam Hima to think and not to ban the companies installing mobile towers in the area as the lack of network affects the people of the area.
We met with Bah Bitali Kharsyiemïong who has been raising horses since he was 13 years old and has thousands of horses in his village and neighboring villages.
During the meeting, the IG of BSF outlined the important duties of the troops deployed to protect the border with Bangladesh to prevent illegal trafficking and to bring peace to the people on the border with Bangladesh.
My resignation from the party is for personal reasons and has nothing to do with the party.
On the other hand, Kong Agnes Kharshiing in a statement today accused the Prosecuting Inspector of keeping the report secret so that the party cannot submit the report to the House. poison.
The purpose of this scheme is to provide assistance to the villages that maintain the forests as villages. This assistance is to encourage others to maintain the forests. generations to come.
The present Mart is the first to be held in Mizoram.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: Police of Mariang Police Station today received two complaints in connection with the bomb blast of two men in Nongthliew village, Eastern West Khasi Hills District. the public on Wednesday.
One person has died in East Khasi Hills, bringing the total number of deaths to 1449 so far, according to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
They will repeal the Meghalaya Land Transferred Act, the Job Reservation Policy, there will be many Poiwir and foreigners in the ADCs, they will raise the flag of our customs and foreigners will run the Dorbar Shnongs. Our Hima, they will remove our indigenous authorities and replace them with foreign authorities, we will lose jobs in government offices and as a nation we will lose our dam. and it shall be a nation that shall be desolate and a slave.
Tura, Jymmang 25: Meghalaya Police have arrested a CrPF officer for allegedly assaulting a woman in Williamnagar with a gun. cum u A Summarites.
On the other hand, the Minister congratulated the management of the school for making it what it is today.
For this, we are grateful to the NHAI, GR Infra Project Ltd and the two District Administrations of the area who have taken note of the demands of the people.
The meeting was attended by officers from Mawryngkneng C&RD Block, Bah KM Syiem, Sordar Smit, Chairman, Secretary, Treasurer, Women's Leaders, Rangbah Shnong and others. A power point presentation was given by the officers of Mawryngkneng Block on the various activities of the VECs in the Mawryngkneng C&RD Block.
On Saturday night, the Seng Samla Shnong Mawlangwir has arrested a foreigner who works in Mawlangwir village who was under the influence of drugs and entered the village. They were arrested and questioned where he wanted to walk and stand, but the foreigner asked for permission and offered them drugs by saying that if they wanted drugs he would take them to his residence to give them drugs.
The raid was conducted on the 18th and 19th of this month.
The Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, who received information about the incident from the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Thomas Sangma, immediately on Saturday visited the dam. Conrad said that the collapse of the well built by the Assembly Secretariat has nothing to do with the construction of the Legislative Assembly Building by the PWD department. The Minister said that the PWD officers are conducting a thorough investigation to find out the root cause of the collapse.
Toren confessed to working for the party and on Sunday collected T.2.2 lakh in the name of the party.
The price of rice has increased from Rs.250 per kilo to Rs.420 per kilo.
He said that these people who are addicted to drugs have formed a group which does not know whether their intentions are good or bad but as the party itself will not be afraid and rat dyngkhong completely like them. alcoholic beverages which are the cause of the destruction of families, communities and society.
In the morning, the market residents were confused whether to open their shops or not as there were still few people walking and standing.
The Khasi people did not agree to sign the Instrument of Merger but signed only the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement signed and accepted by Shri C Rajagopalachari, Governor-General of India and the Federation of Khasi States on 17 Aug. 1948, according to a statement sent by the president of the party, Bah Donbok Dkhar.
: The President of the Meghalaya Retired Deficit School Teachers Association (MRDSTA) Babu ED Nongsiang on Saturday expressed his regret over the lack of pension for the deficit teachers who have retired after serving for 30 years. years to contribute to education and the state.
However, sadly, at about 9 pm on 22/11/2022, four persons were killed in the shooting incident by the Assam Police. Two of them are currently in hospital for treatment.
“At present, the Prime Minister is seeking detailed reports from the Health Department of the State Government and he has promised to take personal action on this demand,” said Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem.
In 2013, 38 people were killed by insurgents in Garo Hills, of whom 7 were policemen and 31 were civilians.
The Minister said that they will continue the discussions and will take this issue to the Cabinet and hope that they will be able to take a decision. understandably because in the coming weeks they will make a decision at a cabinet meeting.
Shillong, Lber 21: The Minister of Urban Affairs, Ampareen Lyngdoh today visited the Indoor Stadium in Mawlai Mawdatbaki.
It will start at 5:00 pm and end at 5:00 pm and on the following day, the 20th, there will be a one-day office closure.
The value of the stolen aircraft has exceeded Rs 2 lakh.
In connection with this incident, after receiving a complaint from the relatives of the child, the Jaintia Student Movement (JSM) Central Body under the leadership of Samla L Rymbai General Secretary & Sambormi Lyngdoh Publicity Secretary in collaboration with the police under the leadership of W Rymbai Officer Incharge Lad-Rymbai Police Out-post EJHD in the presence of Harwis Phawa Rangbah Shnong Jylliah. Police have launched a search operation to arrest the suspect from Tuber village at 7.00-7.30pm this morning. Police have arrested the suspect and taken him to their headquarters for further investigation.
Dignitaries including the Secretary and Director General, NDRF were also present on the occasion.
(SP  News).
The fishermen are our pride.
This year's Carol was more special because in the midst of the march in the streets with songs and prayers that the coming of the incarnation of Jesus Christ in the form of the child Jesus, will bring about the peace, happiness and prosperity and especially that the faith as Christian children will become stronger and stronger.
Regarding these incidents in these days, there is no surprise about what happens from time to time and the government has already known and the government will ensure that they are arrested. ways he didn’t want to tell.
The Unit has also decided that in the coming months, it will visit Meghalaya to demand the needs and problems faced by the Khasi people in Bengaluru. I want to have my own house in Bengaluru.
Election campaign themes should be clear so that the people can understand.
Prayer is the way of the cross and prayer gives comfort, hope and healing to the sick, marginalized, enslaved and attacked.
They were handed over to the Police for further investigation.
Bangladesh wants to strengthen trade between the two countries especially in the trade of coal and stone from Meghalaya to Bangladesh.
In this regard, it was announced that there will be a public hearing at the office of Mawryngkneng Dorbar Shnong East Khasi Hills District on the 28th of this month at 11 am.
Two BSF personnel were injured in the stone throwing incident, but the BSF refused to use the stone throwing. guns to avoid death.
Shillong, Nailar 17: Although the government has promised to take action for the health of the people in the rural areas to provide the best health services, this has ended only in the “The biggest problem faced by the people in the rural areas is the lack of adequate health services,” said Hercules Suting.
The residents especially the elderly were shocked especially after at least 15 policemen came into Mukroh village and dug a 4 or 5 feet deep hole. and they buried in the pit a kind of weapon which they could not tell what it was.
Rs 200 crore has been allocated for digital assets and opportunities in healthcare sectors whereas previously there was no such allocation.
We have worked with Dorbar Shnongs, schools and other training centers to achieve this goal,” said Tiwari.
The project has been launched in other parts of India in recent years.
On the other hand, the President said that instead of helping such small workers, they are violating their rights.
The recruitment should be done by NEIGRIHMS using the OMR method for the smooth running of the work,” said the HYC in the petition.
Charles said he had received information that the incident in the past few months in Ïongkhuli village, was not only due to the installation of electricity posts, but the main reason was due to the The sale of land to foreign States by the Village Authorities.
The customs office has been in Shillong since 1944 and has survived to this day despite many changes in its name.
The registration of nomination papers for the MDC elections to the KHADC and JHADC constituencies under rule 124 (2) will start on 02/02/2024 and according to rule 133 (2)(a) the registration of nomination papers will end. on 8/2/2024 at three o'clock.
Lber 29: Bobeeta Sharma of the All India Congress Committee (AICC) today told reporters at the Congress headquarters in Shillong.
Banners removed from 228 government places, 440 public places, hoardings, 43 government places and 58 public places removed, inscriptions deleted 323 wells were removed from government wells within 24 hours and 599 wells were removed within 48 hours. From public places within 72 hours 253 wells were removed.
After this, one of the contractors filed a complaint with the High Court of Meghalaya and the complainant was dismissed.
The complaint named three persons as Jayanta Das, Regional Manager, Pankaj Sengupta, Development Officer and Durbo Jyoti Das, Branch Manager. She said that the company has cheated her of T.21 lakh.
Mawphru Jongngi FC Manager Odiwiss Nongkseh and A Ingti of Umta Youth Welfare Sports Club said that they do not want to play in the final football tournament organized by RBYC Umden Circle. .
New Delhi, June 08: The Vice President of India, M Venkaiah Naidu in a meeting with the Prime Minister of Nepal, KP Sharma Oli today in Delhi, said that peace and stability exists. work for any country to develop economically.
“The Executive Member of the District Council in charge of the market, Bah Hedrian Lyngdoh, said that it will not be possible to implement this check up or inspection and to install ear tags on the cows, because there is a illegal money laundering,” said Bah Warlarpih.
The meeting also discussed that the Autonomous Councils under the Seventh Schedule should not be included in the FOCUSS so that they can talk to the Central Government on the same issue.
The Minister also directed the NDMA to prepare a strategy to combat forest fires.
There was also a discussion on the stigma and discrimination against people living with HIV/AIDS where this stigma becomes a major obstacle for them to receive adequate treatment.
They also said that the government should upgrade the three PHCs of Rangthong, Khonjoy and Wahkaji to CHC status. The Chief Minister, on the other hand, has listened to their speech as the demands are related to the employment of the people of the area as Ranikor is the most backward area.
The Seng demands that the government should take care if it wants to open so that the disease will not enter the State.
From the statement of the mother, police have understood and suspected that those involved in the incident may be Kabir Ali and Zahirul Islam, who are from the same village. .
“All four of us have our own problems in our constituencies due to the increase in electricity bills but other constituencies are also facing the same problem and it is time for us to create solutions. how to solve this problem," he said.
The Chief Minister said the Commerce and Industry Department and MIDC have been directed to develop projects where the people of the state can set up factories. it is with the way of investing money to industrialists.
The program was organized by the Department of Commerce and Internal Trade (DPIIT) which witnessed explanations on all the schemes of the DPIIT, along with UNNATI-2024 of the Department of Commerce and Industry.
In his speech, Bah Mayralborn Syiem MLA of Nongpoh congratulated the district authorities for organizing this celebration.
Regarding the registered drug shops in the state, there are 731 Schedule X drug shops and out of these 567 drug shops have been installed with CCTV cameras and the police and CID have been directed to inspect. It is better for children to buy medicines that cannot be given without a doctor's prescription.
On this occasion, the CEO of SMB explained that the drivers have a great role to play in the cleaning of the garbage. The right place to do this requires cooperation to separate rotten and non-rotten waste.
The last issue that the Seng has demanded is the postponement of the examination dates of the D.El.
There should be no blasphemous statements about the devotees’ relationship with the Gods and no taboo about punishment in the Gods.
The misuse of natural resources by factories and mining companies has polluted the water and polluted the environment.
This may be the biggest step forward in the history of welfare.
Most of the employees are unskilled even though they have worked for more than 40 years. Many of the day laborers spend T.350 tyngka per day for travel expenses and their daily income is less than T.500/- tyngka per day and cannot get overtime workers.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah Karnes said the Congress wants to see that the EC should last for five years to work for the people. He said that if the paid group needs support, they are ready to support.
Shillong, July 05: The Social Welfare Department in collaboration with the Meghalaya Police Department will hold a meeting on Tuesday to discuss how to fight against the spread of drugs in the state. state and especially in Shillong.
On this issue, the KHADC will meet with the landowners on the 5th of this month to discuss the issue.
The KHNAM party said that if those from outside the state are forced to work abroad and those from outside the state are welcome to come to work inside the state, what will be the future of the state?
Both these banks have talked to other banks to resolve the issue they are facing due to the RBI's restrictions on Yes Bank which provides support to these two banks in terms of machines, this problem will be solved soon.
In the following days, the awareness program was organized and conducted by the Vigilance Officer of NEIGRIHMS, Prof (Dr.) P. Bhattacharya for the MBBS students, Nursing students and nursing staff. .
The award is only for those students who score 85 percent in these two examinations.
With the arrest of these two persons, the police are confident that they will arrest the biggest traffickers in this drug trafficking, said the police statement.
It has also been decided to suspend the counting of 1 kilo from 10 kilos as this affects the farmers but will count 3 kilos from 100 kilos and 2 kilos from 50 kilos. KHADC and the Office of the Syiem of Mylliem have also decided to open new markets and markets to help the market dwellers who live in the market, said Bah Ardent. ban on the sale of illegal pyrsi kyiad in Iewduh and after that ban on restaurants selling kyiad.
This scheme is known as Special Central Assistance.
Jowai, Nailar 12: The Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has faced a serious difficulty in implementing the trading license within its boundary due to the protection of shopkeepers who are mostly coal owners.
“This extension of the age limit is only for the teaching profession,” said Bah Rymbui.
Speaking to SP News Agency , the Speaker said that they have asked for two months but he has given them only 10 months to respond to the complaint of the NCP MLA Laban and Bah Sanbor Shullai.
Paul Lyngdoh said the government has launched the Children's Helpline Services under the Vatsalya Scheme in 2019.
In her speech, the President of India, Droupadi Murmu said that early education is very important in the lives of people.
In his address to the officer trainees, he urged them to have a true spirit in their daily work.
The company in a statement today said that the two dismissed employees are Arun Kejriwal and Umesh Kumar. lat media on 24/8/2023 to hold a public hearing.
The Scout and Guide Fellowship is for adult members only and the purpose of this is to help the youngsters.
In the past few days, the government has made it mandatory for students who apply for scholarships for the year 2016-2017 to have Aadhar.
On 15.01.2018, the judge sentenced and convicted Bah Wanmi Lyngdoh for rape under Section 8 of the POCSO Act,
Answering a question by George B Lyngdoh MLA, the Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, said that the bridge at Dwarksuid is expected to be completed by the end of this month.
Such quarrying leads to the fall of rocks, shyiap and other minerals into the rivers and the fall from the mountainous areas which leads to the damage to the vegetation on the slopes of the mountains. it destroys the wells of water and kills the fish.
More than 6,500 young men and women will help communities ensure this management in rural areas.
The Director of Health Services, Dr Aman War, said that there is a suspicion that it may have been caused by water. the suffering of the people in the village.
He said the intention to complete the project as soon as possible is to hold the Synrai Dorbar in the new Meghalaya Legislative Assembly.
Police have seized 819 grams of gold, T.27.11 lakh cash, 10 mobile phones, 7 ATM cards and one fake ATM card. I congratulate the Ri Bhoi Police for their hard work.
Shillong, Iaiong 03: All 40 companies of Central Police have arrived in Meghalaya as requested by the government for the purpose of conduct of the MP elections to be held on the 9th of this month.
The meetings were held at Iewduh with the Mylliem Hima, Lumpongdeng and Laimer.
Leaders from West Garo Hills have expressed their strong opposition to the statement of the Chief Minister Dr Dr Mukul Sangma that the ILP they are the groups of warriors.
Furthermore, the Ministry of Consumer Affairs, Food and Public Distribution, Government of India has empowered the States and Union Territories to notify the orders under the EC Act, 1955 by amending the requirements with the approval of the Government. Until July 30,
In Indian rupee, the TA for the trip to France is T.39,86,621/-, to the USA is T.15,51,724/- and to Bangladesh is T.14,50,0 - amount.
The owners of sawmill factories in Jirang Hima, Ri Bhoi District have expressed their opposition to the invitation of Sengbhalang groups in Jirang Hima to meet with foreigners in Jirang on Saturday without the knowledge of the land owners.
Meanwhile, on the 21st of this month, the employees of GHADC staged a protest in front of the office at GHADC on the first day.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: The CCIB has demanded that the ksainar shiah should be cut from the Zero Line so that the farmers will not lose too much of their farmland.
Shillong, Lber 22: U Rev PBM Basaiawmoit, independent candidate for the upcoming MP elections, nominated by the Common People's Front (CPF) and supported by the HSPDP and KHNAM, on Tuesday said that If you work, the model code will be successfully installed in this current version.
Shillong, Nailur 16: The People Democratic Front (PDF) today held a public meeting in Mawsynram where thousands of people turned out to listen to what the leaders of the new party have to say. , especially the president of this party is from this village and constituency.
Shillong, Nailar 27: U Bah SD Khongwir has been re-elected as the Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Nonglum.
At the same time, he congratulated many of those who have disabilities but have worked hard and improved in many fields, he said that the government will provide all the necessary assistance. which is for them through government schemes.
The raid started from Mawlong Market to Mawngap parking lot and also included a visit to the shops at the house of Paul Leong where he spoke to the employees of the police station. KHADC to express its opposition.
The All Meghalaya Journalists Union (AMJU) has strongly condemned the assault by the Assam police on the journalists of the state while they were performing their duties to cover the rally of civil society organizations in Sabuda. Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, March 29: U Bah Ernest Mawri, President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, today expelled seven party workers from Ribhoi District on the grounds that they were fighting against the party. .
Herbert Joe is a Carmelite, Order of Discalced Carmelites (OCD) and Dn.
Sameki Syngkon, a student of Class 12 at Ummulong Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, encouraged the youth by saying, “We are all intelligent and we have our own talents, but as young children we are often shy or afraid. to show them.
Answering additional questions, he said that Langpih falls under Mynsaw Raid, Borduar falls under Nongspung and Nongkhlaw Hima, Nongwah-Mawtamur falls under Sohiong Hima and now it has been transferred to Jirang, Desh Doomreah. Block II is under the Hima Mylliem and Block II is under the Raid Nongtung.
Loans can be borrowed under this scheme only for new businesses where the business should be a start-up or pilot project related to manufacturing, services or commercial activities and those involved part and agricultural activities.
The opening ceremony of the day was in the form of a debate on the topic, “The Marriage of a Man to a Woman's House and the Power of Power,” in which four students participated. of seven colleges of the city took part.
They visited the offices today to explain that they should respect the special days of the jaidbynriew where even the state government has given holidays on such special days.
She said the number of GST taxpayers has increased by more than twofold and the monthly GST collection has doubled to T.1.66 lakh crore this year.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills today issued an order to close down the market in Iewduh for not following the rules laid down by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Shillong, November 03: Three shooters of the Shooting Association of Meghalaya (SAM) have been invited to participate in the 63rd National Shooting Championship Competition (NSCC) 2019 to be held from 5th November 2019 to 4th July Central Province.
Speaking to reporters, Bah B.Kular Khongjirem, Publicity Secretary of JACATAM, said, “On the demand of the Seng from the government to provincialize the teaching profession, the JACATAM The Director informed that the Government will now provincialize the teaching post only for schools which are not run by churches.
U Bah Nongrum said that I don't want to fight against the marriage because it is what God has arranged, but we should fight because we have seen that it will affect the country and the nation. Replying to this question, Rona Khemdeit EM of the Legislative Assembly said that since 24th October 2005, the bill has been sent to the State Government to look into and take the necessary action. now this bill is sometimes pending and has not been returned.
UDP spokesperson AF Dkhar told SP News Agency that the UDP has decided to contest against Bah Paul as MP candidate. Dkhar said the UDP once again requests the HSPDP and KHNAM to support the UDP candidate in this MP election. Congress has won the 1-Shillong Parliamentary Seat.
“I hope the people will accept me as the candidate of the party,” Ampareen said, adding that this will be the first time that a woman from Shillong Parliamentary seat will win the MP election. Speaking to reporters, President of the Meghalaya Retired Deficit School Teacher Association (MRSA) Babu ED Nongsyiang said that the state government should not discriminate against teachers who have no intention of contesting elections or entering the elections. you are the world.
Savitribai Phule Pune University represented by Mahek Pathan, Vaishnaveevishwambhar Ubale, Hrutuja Vinay Gate and Divya Sampat Gavhane won a bronze medal.
Shillong, Nailur 19: The President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) of Jaintia Hills District, Samla Laiphar Syngkrem, on Tuesday expressed his regret over the violence against other ethnic groups in the Block I area. The Seng strongly condemns this incident.
Therefore, the party has taken this opportunity to meet with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya because in the North East, the Central Government listens and appreciates what the Chief Minister of Meghalaya says to the Central Government.
In parts of Garo Hills, cows have been kept on the border under the pretext of being a cow farm with the permission of the village headmen. The BSF has spoken to the government authorities to verify. how true are these signs.
He praised the good work done by the BSF despite the spread of COVID-1
Union Minister for Rural Development Narendra Singh Tomar, Minister of State for Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises, Giriraj Singh, CEO of NITI Aayog, Amitabh Kant I'm not here today.
He said that the citizens who have reached the age of 18 years should register to vote. The Governor expressed the hope that the election authorities will be able to conduct the elections smoothly. clean not morning.
Speaking to reporters after resigning from the post of President, he said that it is with a sad heart and sorrow that he has to resign from the party.
Shillong, Naitung 24: 466 candidates who have passed the jugali examination conducted by the Meghalaya Electrical Cooperation Limited (MEC) today staged a protest by raising flags near the office of the Meghalaya Electrical Cooperation Limited (MEC). don't be afraid.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister said that the Central Government has allocated T.3.59 lakh crore for the country as a whole and Meghalaya has prepared for the implementation of this scheme. and the cost will be T.2500/- crore.
The MMOEA requests the relevant authorities to extend the deadline.
The construction of the Dyna tin house in the Speaker's, Deputy Speaker's, Legal Adviser and PS of the Speaker's Room in MLA Rilbong cost 7,14,750 tyngka.
Later, the party sent letters to the government from time to time to remind them of this decision taken in
After the meeting, the MPCC President informed the General Secretary of the AICC for Meghalaya, CP Goshi, to inform him of what the party has done in the state. Jowai, Nailar 25: The meeting was held today at Raj Bhavan for the two MLAs. The meeting was held today in accordance with the directives of the AICC. Jowai, Nailar 25: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has issued a statement after receiving complaints from students and parents regarding the charging of lawyers to verify the income of parents of students. The Union today met with the President of JHBA Shri.
Shillong, Naitung 15: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today launched the website of the Meghalaya State Public Service Delivery Commission. , 2020.
Instead of promoting his fellow citizen, he has tried to pull him inside and the UDP has not yet been able to produce a single MP from Meghalaya.
They have defamed and degraded the status and reputation of the ethnic parties in our state Meghalaya.
Shillong, Lber 01: U Aditya Kumar, 28, of Lower Mawprem, Shillong, has been shot dead by unidentified persons. The injured were taken to the Civil Hospital for treatment.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: U DP candidate for Jaiaw constituency, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that it is sad to see that a vehicle used by the general secretary of the party has been destroyed. KSU Donal V Thabah on the part of the Congress party wants to unite the world.
On the occasion of Independence Day, the BJP has held a march in Shillong, starting from the party office in Lower Lachumier and walking around the city. the memorials of the freedom fighters of the country in Shillong.
Shillong, Nailar 07: A discussion and discussion on the languages ​​spoken by the indigenous peoples of the North Eastern Region of India who are currently in the midst of endangered species has been held. in collaboration with the Central Institute of Indian Languages ​​(CIIL), Mysore and the Khasi Department, NEHU, which started today.
During the election campaign of the NPP, the slogan Prah shi prah while the NPP leaders were still alive has angered the NPP supporters.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Lan Sawkmie, General Secretary of the RBYF, said that the presence of the people at this time was a great achievement and encouraged them. They also love their own people.
During his visit to the village, Zenith saw that people have built houses on the road to shet and tiew for the purpose of getting food and drink. that they should do whatever is necessary for these people who have been affected by this heavy rain.
The Government has met to review this from time to time as the main task of the Government is to maintain peace and order in the State. the time is not yet ripe to remove the cover from that place.
In the first part, they saw that only the will of the people including the will of the foreigners and the residents of the land was based on the will of the land owners but the land owners were soon listened to.
All the Presidents and General Secretaries of the various departments of the KSU such as District Units, Area Units, Circles, Units and all members of the Central Executive Council (CEC) will participate in the GEC.
Nongtraw alleged that it was the Indian government that trained the Chakma armed groups as well as provided shelter to other leaders like Talisma Nasrin and others on how to fight against Bangladesh.
“Let the MDA government set an example where it has given government land to the poor and landless people of the state who need to get a place to live.
This Bill is not good because it does not allow the import of Bangladeshis from Bangladesh.
During his visit, the Governor inaugurated the 54-room women's dormitory with two signs on the ground floor of the university. the state how to start their own business to become profitable.
Similarly, the central government has allocated more than Rs 9 crore to support fisheries in Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the KSU demands that the state government should visit the company to inspect the number of employees.
The same letter was sent to the office of the Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District and also to the office of the Syiem of Maharam. The Walllambor of the Church.
BJP Meghalaya Spokesperson Mariahom Kharkhrang said, “It is very sad that the language that is widespread in our country has been rejected like this, but we don't know why they didn't include the language. Jaintia is not wrong or it is the way to make sur.
bunIn the counting of votes, the NPP candidate received 17 votes and the opposition candidate received 12 votes in the 30-member Assembly. you can vote.
The venues for these tournaments were Jowai, Nongstoin, Mawkyrwat, Mairang, Nongpoh, Khliehriat, Smit, Umsning, Pynursla and Dawki.
Engineer) to release funds in these years at the request of the office staff and also 50,000 tyngka for the purpose of obtaining new Muster rolls.
He urged all the students to understand this and take action to plant trees.
Does this law prohibit which miracles that are suspected of being utilitarian or sorcery with the intention of forcibly converting people? We must know that Christianity does not teach people to be selfish, but the Christian Churches every day fight and fight against the problems that people face in life.
Shillong, Iaiong 26: The closure of 31 shops in Shillong for eight days as announced by the government to prevent the spread of COVID-19 has started today.
The bank at Riangdo Market is the Meghalaya Rural Bank and the residents of the area are still eager to get an ATM at this place for the benefit of the residents especially during this time of lockdown.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: On Tuesday, February 3, 2017, Bah John F Kharshiing, on his visit to Mawdem village, which is about 160 km from Shillong, has visited Mawdem village. Co-Chairman and Adviser, Kur Kharshiing, was shocked and surprised by the statement of Bah Phrowel Dyia, Sordar Rim, Mawdem, who has ruled Mawdem for 14 years, when he was arrested. It is said that the Dyia were related to the Kharkongor and Kharshiing tribes.
When asked why it took the government to convene this meeting, the prime minister replied, “That is your feeling and not the feeling of the government”.
Besides the MLAs, NPP supporters from the constituency were also present to witness the ceremony.
Pastor Arington Kharkongor was named as follows:: Pastor Arington Kharkongor was named because he was a shlem who had struggled to get education until he won the rank of salonsar in the country.
Speaking to media, Bah Chyne said, “This is the Budget Session where the List of Businesses has been distributed to the members of the House. Mang Tyngka has been prepared.
On the other hand, the BSF said that the demand for cows in Bangladesh is very high especially during the New Year.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today announced that 12 new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in the state. West Garo Hills 4 people.
New Delhi, Lber 28: The COVID-19 pandemic has affected the world and has posed serious challenges to the safety and health of the people of the world.
Shillong, June 08: While the NPP candidate for the 2024 Lok Sabha election, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh was campaigning in Umsning, groups of people shouted at Prah.
The Vice President of India said that the lack of morality leads to a lack of respect for the law and this leads to bad behavior among the people.
Speaking to reporters, HITO leader Donbok Dkhar said that as a nation, we are strong, but don't let us get to the wrong place. health and safety of coal mines known as Coke Factories, border issues and the death of two Nos.
The increase in traffic jam in Shillong especially in Lower Lachumiere which is a village with many government offices and schools as well.
The task of these groups is to work on 17 tasks and develop working methods.
Nongrem said that the land which the BSF wants to take is the land of two kurs, the Syiemlieh Sawkpoh and the Sanglein kurs. At the same time, the agents were urged not to sell land to the BSF. The fear of the residents of the area is that they have already seen what has happened. Rangmen in Ri Bhoi District, Umpling and Laitkor, this will happen to the people of SWKH District if the army gets land.
According to the statement of the robbers, they were Bangladeshis because they spoke Bangla.
The Chief Minister said that this two day training will help the officers to understand more about the collection of revenue as this is for the benefit of the state and the people as a whole. .
We have made it clear that if you do not find any strong evidence other than the Tower Location and you should not arrest any of our members and on their part, they say they will respect that, but they are still waiting for the long order,” said Najiar.
Shillong, July 26: The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has recently allowed young people to use electronic cigarettes containing tobacco. that contain flavor may reduce the harm caused by smoking conventional tobacco products all the time.
The law enforcement agencies appeal to the public to be vigilant and if they find such people please inform the government authorities.
According to the rules of the Central Government, the resident of these houses is a temporary resident and if the resident can meet the requirements laid down by the Central Government, he will become a full-time resident. the owner of the house.
On the other hand, the Dorbar also prays that God will deliver the Shnong from this disease and the country and the State as a whole.
On Monday 5/7/2021, commercial vehicles will pass through number 3 and 4, on Tuesday 6/7/2021, vehicles passing through number 5 and 6, on Tuesday 7/7/2021 will be the vehicles ending at number 7 and 8, on Friday 8/7/2021 will be the vehicles ending at number 9 and 0, on Thursday 9/7/2 On Saturday 10/7/2021, vehicles ending in number 3 and 4 will run only in Shillong.
The Medical Superintendent, Prof. Dr. Noor Topno distributed the vaccination cards to the beneficiaries.
Shillong, Naitung 21: The President of the HSPDP party, Bah KP Pangniang, on Tuesday said that the party is against the construction of a railway line in the Khasi Jaintia Hills whether it is a passenger or freight railway. have laws to prevent outside interference.
The SP of West Khasi Hills and Kamrup have spoken on this issue.
Proposals for the PMRBP Award will be accepted only on the online platform, which has been set up for this purpose.
Speaking at the meeting, the Prime Minister highlighted the enthusiasm witnessed by the Modi Ki Guarantee vehicle in every village.
This award is given to those who work for the welfare of the church.
“Unfortunately, we got a State in 1972, but the District Council has been weakened by the introduction of Para 12 AA. 1957 of India,” said Bah Pynshngain.
Therefore, the CoRP demands that the government should open the new school for the benefit of the students, because if it is left alone, the school will collapse and turn into a house.
Shillong, July 17: Shillong Lajong Junior FC today beat Rangdajied United FC in the ongoing match of the Shillong Premier League Under-19 tournament at the JN Stadium Shillong.
The number of passengers in this area has blocked the road but when the passengers asked the taxis whether to go to Police Bazaar, Market or Civil they did not work but the taxis were empty and waiting for people. pat ha this bag.
Bah Martle Mukhin has been appointed as the Minister of Development, Registration and Divorce.
The drugs were found to be safe and effective.
The Minister said that government colleges are run by the government, colleges recognized by the government are run by managing committees and the government has the legal support and the Adhok colleges are run by the government. The government will provide assistance to these people.
Bah Marbaniang said that those who come to teach now are only because they don't have another job, many of them teach temporarily and when they get a job they resign from their job. It affects the education system in the state as it is now.
The demand of these 14776 teachers of JACATAM is that for the same work they do there should be the same salary.
For the first time, the Minister in charge of Education, Rakkam A. Sangma, has sent a message of congratulations to the students who will sit for the Secondary School Leaving Certificate (SSLC) examination. Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate (HSSLC) will start from October,
From time to time, we hear that these people have been paid by Hindu religious groups.
Shillong, Nialar 16: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today inaugurated a chemical-free fertilizer factory at Kyiem village in Mawphlang, East Khasi Hills District.
At the same time, the HSPDP has sent a letter to the Governor signed by the President KP Pangniang and the General Secretary Panbolang Ryntathiang. Governor to withdraw support.
Speaking briefly at the opening ceremony, she said that the existence of such a salon will help in the improvement of women and men. you riam you beit.
On this occasion, the Minister handed over awards to the children who took part in various competitions and also awarded to the dairy farmers and Cooperative Societies which have improved in the production of milk in the state.
Shillong, November 24: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that MeECL has worked hard to replace transformers in various villages in 340 villages in Meghalaya.
In such a moment we don't have any other words, because the Creator knows better than all these things, but let us put together in prayer that the Lord God will comfort them, to cleanse them. I am sorry for a family that has experienced such things.
Shillong, Nailar 23: A total of 106 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills today, of whom 64 cases are in East Khasi Hills, 26 cases are from the Army and 38 cases are from civilians.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister said that he has no knowledge that the Meghalaya government has asked for 100,000 tyngka per month from the office which belongs to the central government if it is moved from the existing office to the existing office. According to sources received from the Ministry of External Affairs Passport Service Kendra office in Shillong, Lachumier, they have expressed their concern to relocate the existing office to the DIPR. The new office is only because the government has increased the rent of 1000 tyngka which they now pay only T.26000/- per month.
The Parents' Day Celebration 2018 was attended by Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA/MDC of Mawkynrew Constituency and at the same time the Minister in charge of Parents' Day Celebration. Sports & Youth Affairs who was the Chief Guest.
Others who attended the ceremony were Mawsynram MLA HM Shangpliang, Sohra MDC Donovan Kharwanlang, Sohra Hima Syiem Pa'im Freeman Syiem, former Sohra MLA Titostarwell Chyne and others. state health department personnel.
Members of the HYC also carried placards with the question, “MLA, MDC, how many laws have you passed to protect the jaidbynriew?” The HYC has called for the Cabinet meeting to be held on the 22nd of this month.
Police are hopeful that more arrests are being made.
On the other hand, Purno said, will the people choose money, alcohol or the struggle for Garoland?
The Seng has demanded that such people should be removed immediately and there should be proper rules for such people to be admitted to these Shelter Homes and not to stay longer but to to set a time when they have earned enough money to leave the place.
At the same time, the DC urged the parents not to enroll in colleges which are not recognized by any government.
He also congratulated Mr Prakash for his recent film Buddha Weeps in Jaduguda. He reminded the audience that many years ago when the declassified documents were released, they would know. Former US President Richard Nixon, in 1972, signed a secret decree to order the 'lang knia' in four areas of a country. States in the USA as part of the protection of the USA by declaring those towns and areas to become National Sacrifice Areas.
In order to resolve the issues that arose with the awarding of these marks, the NTA decided to constitute a committee to look into the matter.
On the other hand, the EM in charge of the Trade Department said that in his understanding the files should be in the office because they belong to the office and should be in the office.
Speaking to media, the President of MAWU, Kong Mirajune Myrsing, said that the meeting unanimously decided to return to their jobs. The protest scheduled for the 27th of this month has been cancelled.
“Under the visionary leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the logistics crisis, which was affected by the lack of decision-making by the previous Government, has turned into a crisis. a systematic approach to bring about speed, efficiency and to build opportunities for expansion in logistics.
Also present on the occasion were Roshan Warjri MLA of this area who is also the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah RV Lyngdoh Minister of Urban Affairs, The welcome speech was delivered by the Rangbah Shnong, Bah WHD Syngkon.
Before the meeting held at the Indoor Stadium of the Dorbar Shnong Ladthalaboh, members with visual impairments together with volunteers and friends held a rally which started from Stand War, Mynthong, Jowai. Ladthalaboh.
With the purchase of 25 Ambulances from the CMRF for use within the 108 and the receipt of 25 Ambulances from the NHRM, the total number of new Ambulances in the state has risen to
Shillong, July 07: The landslide near Sanapur road which collapsed this morning has been cleared from the landslide. to come to the National Highway-6 which connects Silchar and East Jaintia Hills.
The work done by these workers is very difficult especially as they go from one place to another to every corner of the house to distribute health.
The KHNAM led by its Working President Thomas Passah has lodged a complaint with the Chief Secretary of the State, Bah DP Wahlang. trust from the Police department.
He also urged them to continue their training and use the iGOTKarmayogi platform.
There is no point in opposing KHUDA while we are still within KHUDA, we stand firm in the promise we have made, but if the promise doesn't come true, it is better to withdraw our support because we will be “We are free to speak on the issues of the jaidbynriew and if we are in the EC we will be imprisoned,” said Bah Nongsiej.
Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee President Vincent H. Pala and other Congress leaders were waiting to welcome Rahul Gandhi from Jorobad.
Replying to a question by Zenith M Sangma regarding the implementation of the MGNREGS scheme, Minister of Rural Development, Bah Hamletson Dohling said that the payment of equipment fees is in the responsibility of the BDOs. In response to a supplementary question by George B Lyngdoh, the Minister said that the total amount to be paid to the exporters is T.342 crore. central government and 25% from the state government.
Regina Lamo will work with filmmaker Kenny Lyngdoh.
Shillong, November 09: The CoMSO today met with the President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) and Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh to demand that the government should implement the ILP. and to ask the Governor to give his approval on the Meghalaya Resident Safety and Security (Amendment) Bill, 2020 as passed by the House.
If anyone is forced to do so, they should request a written request to the MPCA to take action.
Akash Singh, Bikash Tiwari, Saurav Das, Pritam Deb, Imran Khan, Sonia Shylla and Nitin Sharma won the silver medal while Sunny Kumar Shah and Saurav Tiwari won the bronze medal.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya has urged the people of India to follow in the footsteps of these great men of India to love their country. , this great man suffered for his country.
In the women's category, the best goalkeeper award went to Nibari Maring of Ri-Bhoi, who stood out for her ability to save. Inrilaidor Khongthaw of East Khasi Hills won two awards including the top scorer after scoring 15 goals. goals and also the player of the tournament title.
Looking back on the impact of COVID-19, the Minister said that it is all through the courage and dedication of the health workers.
The 40th session of the Inter-State Council meeting was held in Delhi in
We don't have any choice and the only choice now is not to take part in the Lok Sabha elections because we don't benefit.
During the meeting, the CEO of MeECL promised the KSU members that he will take action on this issue, said Bah Kyrshan Wanniang, spokesperson of the KSU Mawpud.
I always pray that I will continue to have the opportunity to serve and teach,” said Babu Dhar.
There are several other reasons.
The provision of banking services to different parts of the country has been an important step in the economy of this country.
On the other hand, Bah Shylla said that there is a need to preserve the word “United” and urged the House to accept this “Rai” which is also known as the “Resolution” in the the foreign language to change the name of “KHADC” to “UKHADC”.
Heavy rainfall is also expected in Arunachal Pradesh on June 1,
On this occasion, the Secretary of MBB, MBK Reddy presented the work of MBB and the work that MBB has done over the years.
Many doctors from various fields such as Gynecology, Pediatrics, Ophthalmology, ENT and Dermatology were present on the occasion.
Therefore, one of the ways to protect the minority community of Ri Lum Jaintia is the need for the JHADC to enact a law that has the power and intention to prevent the community from living together with others. “There are many measures taken to ensure that the jaidbynriew will not be overwhelmed in the future,” said Bah MH Dkhar, President of the AJYWO Central Body.
The candidates announced today are Moonlight Pariat from 2-Jowai Constituency, former CEM and current MDC from JHADC, Kyrmen Shylla from 6-Khliehriat Constituency. Bhoi MDC Rona Khyndeit from Nongpoh Constituency 9, Donkupar Sumer from Umsning Constituency 11 and First Force Deki Ramsiej from Umroi Constituency 12 were also elected.
The two BSF personnel were identified as Papu Kumar Yadev and Susish Biswa, constables.
Shillong Medical College will start at two hospitals, Ganesh Das MCH Hospital and Shillong Civil Hospital. At present, there are 15 government doctors and more doctors are being recruited. He is a teacher at Shillong Medical College.
Another decision was that the shops should have a number for the shopkeepers so that it is easier to identify the thieves but this too has not worked.
“In particular, the FKJGP directs all the offices of the party in the state to continue the search operation so that it will be a protection for the jaitbynriew from the oppression and for the sake of the party. Happiness to the future generations,” concluded the statement.
At the time of writing, it is not clear how many people were injured, but the injured were both men and women.
Regarding these issues, the EMs who attended the meeting today and as the EM in charge of the Twon Committee have decided to talk to the government to get clarification on the issues. which is related to the issuance of permits to build houses for the people.
New Delhi, Naitung 26: The Minister in charge of Dohkha, Mard and Dairy Production, Parshottam Rupala, in reply to a question by Shillong-1 MP Vincent H Pala regarding the disease, Lumpy cows in Meghalaya, he said the central government has seen this information.
The Minister also replied in the House that all schools in the state whether government or private teachers must have passed the Meghalaya Teacher Eligibility Test (MTET). they want to get help from the government.
Shillong, Naiwieng 03: The LP School in Khlieh Umwang village which was destroyed by the Assam government in April 2018 has been left without any supervision from the authorities. the Government of Meghalaya.
This is the root cause of the protest which is the struggle for the poor and needy of the villagers.
Shillong, Naitung 20: At present, the factories in Meghalaya are waiting for the closure of the factories in Meghalaya due to the lack of electricity and many of them are waiting for the closure of factories in Meghalaya. The factory in the Export Promotion Industrial Park (EPIP) is now closed.
On the other hand, the union urges the state government to take action on this issue and the concerns of the people, and if the government does not act, the union can hold other strong protests. .
Regarding this incident, the government has said that it will not forgive anyone if those involved are found.
At the same time, the Rangbah Shnongs of these two villages have clarified that they have not received any complaint to inform about the incident. just listen with the thought that a settlement has been reached.
Police are investigating the incident to find out the names of the victims and their whereabouts. At the time of writing, the names of the victims are still unknown. died.
On this occasion, the players and leaders of the team were honored with gifts, medals, certificates, in the presence of the students of the school, officials from the Sports Department of the State Government.
The Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) which was formed in 2009, said the court has charged Champion with waging war against the country by joining the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) in After being released on bail from two charges against him, he has announced that he will contest the elections to be held in 23 June 2013.
Four persons were injured when the truck collided with three vehicles before colliding with another shop at Sawlad near Madanryting, Shillong.
The scheme, implemented by the National Health Authority (NHA), provides up to T.5 lakh to 12 crore households for treatment.
The exhibition will feature portraits of the 1971 war and there will also be a tribute to the soldiers who took part in the war.
invited.
Regarding those who have taken loans from banks to build houses, he said that a letter has been issued to ensure that they will get a permit to build houses. It will be while the KHADC does not have its own law.
The counting of votes for the Lok Sabha elections 2024 will end at 4 pm tomorrow morning and the counting of votes will be held on 19/June/2 The state will not be sent to the Lok Sabha.
Since its launch on 15 November 2023, more than 7.5 crore people have taken their “" oath – a resolution to build ViksitBharat before 2047 – demonstrating the impact that great Yatra to the people of the country in just weeks.
The KSU has also seen through the news that UCIL has temporarily closed its office since April 2018 but as the KSU we cannot trust this statement of the government and UCIL because from time to time it misleads. He said that the uranium has not been smuggled by UCIL from Shillong to foreign countries.
On this occasion, the church has decided to close down all schools to protest against the decision of the rebel group.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The price of food items has increased with the passing of the days and the people understand that the price increase from the rich to the poor has been affected by this increase.
The move will help reduce the difficult time of the talented graduates in the Indian film industry, he added.
Shillong, March 25: The President of the National People's Party (NPP) Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the task ahead of the party if it comes to power in He said this at a public meeting held at Raksamgre where he announced that Benedict R. Marak will be the NPP candidate from this constituency.
All the speakers expressed their gratitude and blessings, saying that they have long wanted to have a Minister from Ri Bhoi.
The Prime Minister said that the government has never had a shortage of funds, but even in the midst of the crisis, the government has struggled to fulfill the aspirations of the people, as the youth have begun to lose hope. and this feeling will lead to a dark future.
All India Radio, Shillong also broadcast several programs including a quiz on the Independence of India.
If the UDP gets more MDCs than the NPP, the party will lead the EC. If the NPP gets more MDCs than the UDP, the NPP will lead the EC. There is no decision yet but they are still waiting for the results of the counting of votes tomorrow.
In this regard, Bah Pasleiñ said that he has lodged a telephone complaint with the Deputy Commissioner (Election Officer) Abhilash Barwanwal to stop the stealing of votes in the district. this is the Polling Station.
“The R&R Colony falls under the jurisdiction of the Dorbar Shnong Rynjah which has been authorized by the Hima Mylliem and it is for this reason that the issuance of the NoC by the R&R Colony Welfare Society is illegal and against the Mylliem Act The Rules 2015 have not been approved by the KHADC,” said Bah Donbok.
The Prime Minister drew the attention of all regarding the connectivity projects which were inaugurated today and informed that Rs 5,000 crore has been spent for the construction of the National Highway in Meghalaya in the 8th century. The number of roads in rural areas built in the last eight years under the PradhanMantri Sadak Yojanaha Meghalaya has been nine times higher than that built 20 years ago.
All CEOs have been directed to submit a report to the Commission from time to time on the progress of the registration within the rules and regulations.
Police have arrested him from Jongmengre village near Samanda. Police said that he was involved in the recent bomb blast at an unknown place. as in Chinese.
He said that as a nation we should know our own culture especially the Khasi people are a small nation, but even in the midst of this small paid nation there is a rich culture that should be preserved. preserve its own roots.
However, they did not believe because someone had arrested them, so today, we told them to gather all their belongings and return to their villages.
Commenting on the payment of taxes, Bah Suting said, “If we stop paying taxes immediately, we will lose money while if we delay payment of taxes for 10 days, we will be fined.
IIM Shillong provides many opportunities to develop teachers, through training and skills development to improve teaching methods, ability to participate in research and adaptability to jobs.
Other speakers included the Rangbah Shnong of Mawprem, Bah RB Rynjah who expressed his satisfaction with the renewal of the office bearers of the Unit and urged that the goal of the KSU Mawprem Unit will be to Donald V Thabah, General Secretary, KSU CEC and Biangbor Paliar, Organizing Secretary, KSU CEC were also present on the occasion.
On taxes, the Minister said the GST has reduced the burden of compliance by integrating India's tax functions.
Two months ago, the KSU Myntriang Unit had warned these foreigners not to leave without being found and urged them to build their own toilets and the warning for them has ended.
When the BSF opened the bags, they found that inside they contained medicines and cosmetics, the value of the drugs and cosmetics reached T.11.8 lakh.
These returnees are now on their way back to their respective districts and homes for years.
He will also address government officials at the meeting.
“We cannot deny that there are tourist drivers who smoke even inside the vehicle, this is very disturbing to the tourists,” he said.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that Bah Allan, who is one of those involved in strengthening the tourism industry, is very important to ensure that the this scheme will go ahead.
During the visit, the Prime Minister spoke to the participants and they expressed their satisfaction that the preparation of accommodation at the venue is adequate.
The Minister said that after the court has approved the mining of coal according to the current era, so far there have been 17 applications for permission to mine coal and these four applications have been approved after the They have already sent a report on the availability of coal.
This school was established on the basis of the development of the nation.
Chief Executive Officer Prasar Bharti, Mayank Agarwal spoke on the importance of television and radio but said that the media through these media has been weaker but still stronger than the private media. of reliability as found through several researches.
He said the old EC had talked to the law department to resolve the issues related to non tribals, and suggested that the EC should strengthen the working methods of the villages and province.
New Delhi, November 23: The Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas is responsible for the exploration and production, refining, distribution and marketing, transportation, purchase and storage of petroleum products.
Shillong, July 02: The Grand Council of Chiefs (including the Chiefs, Sirdarships, Dolloi, Nokmas and Federation of Khasi States) will meet on Tuesday to discuss the Letter. from the Ministry of Home  Affairs.
At the same time, the NGT has issued an order to ban the coal mining and this has affected the coal mining in the state.
To curb illegal activities in the field of coal, the Government has implemented the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act 1957 and under Section 21 of this Act, cases will be registered against the perpetrators. illegal.
As a father, he said, “I have sold my juti factory, a market shop, land in Nawgong in Assam to take care of my children, but I have not been able to cure them. only death will save me and my children from this trouble.
According to a statement issued by the SP's office, the blast occurred at a police station in Khliehriat Police Reserve. They said that this is the work of the border guards by taking advantage of the darkness and heavy rain.
The party is still waiting for the resolution passed by the government to reach Delhi, but it has been disappointing as it has ended up in the four chambers of the Legislative Assembly.
The CoRP demands that the Meghalaya-Assam reconciliation talks should be held in the border villages as the MDA government under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma can hold Cabinet meetings in the districts of the state. Border talks were held in Umlaper, Iongkhuli and Langpih.
On the other hand, the HYC has raised the question whether it is a sin that they are stealing and having jobs from the public servants who are the managers of the money they have taken from the hands and feet of the people.
New Delhi, July 08: Prime Minister Narendra Modi attended the 58th All India Conference of Directors General and Inspector Generals of Police on July 6 and 7, 2024 at Rajasthan International Centre, Jaipur. .
Shillong, July 30: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday said that the office has been looking for ways and means to refill the gas tanks of the gas stations. shu phone.
The total number of recoveries today has risen to 82 from all districts in the state, with 35 cases from East Khasi Hills District and 18 cases from West Garo Hills.
Thabah said that the Khasi National Awakening Day is not a day to wake up the country and the nation as a whole but it is also a day for the nation to seek information about what happened in the Khasi National Awakening Day. the History of the Mynor of the country and the nation.
The examination for the selected candidates will be held at Amy Public School Shillong on the 28th July from 6 pm.
During these six months, many transformative decisions have been taken by Modi 2.0 which have affected especially the lives of the poor, the needy, the farmers, women, youth, middle class, that Scheduled Castes, Scheduled Tribes.
The LYWA said in a statement signed by Bah BS Lyngdoh President of the LYWA.
The approved sports for the school are Archery, Athletics and Fencing with 100 students in the first year.
In Shillong, which is the headquarters of the government, many offices have been vacant except for a few under the Secretariat, but many of the offices in Shillong belonging to various government departments have been vacant. offices are empty.
The War Memorial at BOP Killapara in West Garo Hills stands and showcases the most important events of the 1971 war in the Eastern Front where BOP Killapara was guarded by BSF troops and The BSF troops were able to defeat the PAK troops and took control of Dalu-Tura.
All ration shops have been directed to collect the sugar and distribute it to the beneficiaries.
After Ngundilang's goal, the game became more exciting and both teams fought harder to win but no one could score again until the end.
In this regard, Agnes Kharshiing received the documents relating to these schemes from the Block Development Office (BDO), Umsning. The Sordar of Raid Kyrdem, Bah Pholning Makdoh, has received T.1, 47, 960 tyngka under the TSC scheme for the construction of painkhan for the people of Raid Kyrdem. There are 137 households in the village.
According to the order issued by the government, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has taken over these vehicles to be operated by the state government.
Shillong, June 04: U Minister of State for Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, in the presence of SP Shillong City, Bah Vivek Syiem today visited the Khyndailad area to ensure that this place will be the only place. and not to allow vehicles to pass from Khyndailad to Lad Umsohsun.
The opening of the college will also help the poor families who cannot afford to send their children to Shillong, Nongpoh or other parts of the country. The college will enable the youth to continue their education in their own village.
The Speaker of the House said that to get a district is not the fulfillment of the rules, it depends on the decision of the government. He said that Sohra is ready from district to district, but he said to Dr Don, “Please don't give us the district. Khliehriat, Resubelpara, Ampati and Mawkyrwat.
New Delhi Jymmang 10: The President of India today, in accordance with the powers conferred on him under Article 222 of the Constitution, after a hearing by the Chief Justice of the country, the order to dismiss the judges of some High Courts in the country.
We don't want anyone to destroy or destroy the purity and sanctity of this river.
On this day, they agreed with the proposal of Maitshaphrang to give a share to both boys and girls.
The Government has already announced that it will provide food for these people for 40 days.
Prestone Tynsong today said that the Cabinet has decided to upgrade the Mairang Civil Sub Division to a District.
Regarding the incident, the Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills District, said that the investigation is ongoing. treatment in the ICU of the Hospital.
He completed his pastorate in Pynursla Parish.
He spoke about the role of Prof. PC Mahalanobis in the development of the Indian Statistical System.
“We work for sports businesses with the spirit of sportsmanship.
The group of owners of many trucks from Jaintia Hills under the umbrella of the Meghalaya Joint Action Committee including the Association of Meghalaya Traders and Transporters (AMTT), the Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association (JHTOA) and The All Jaintia Hills Cement and Clinker Association (AJHCCA) on Thursday demanded that the MDA government led by the National People's Party (NPP) should not implement its promise to prepare for mining. Policy that has been in force for more than a year.
Shillong, June 15: There are four new cases of COVID-19 in the state, one from East Jaintia Hills, one from Ri Bhoi, one from West Jaintia Hills and one from West Khasi Hills.
The distance also affects the cost. If the Rangbah Shnong owns a vehicle, the cost is between T.1500 tyngka to T.2000 tyngka for fuel and those who do not have a vehicle have to drive. It will be about T.2500 to T.3000 tyngka, this is a problem that has affected the villages.
Speaking at the meeting, the Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma said that the CAA, 2019 will not be implemented in the state. Meghalaya is the worst affected state than other states.
When the documents of Bah Blinder Wahlang were examined, they were found to be forged certificates issued by the Nagaland Board of School Education.
Therefore, the Seng said that if the EDJHADC cannot reject this allegation, the Seng will not hesitate to take stronger measures for the sake of justice for the Kup Shilliang. Shilliang concluded the statement.
The deadline for submission of applications will be by 13th November at the Lamphang's office at Khyndailad, Shillong and at the MLA's office at Lumsohkhlur, Mairang.
On the other hand, the Director said that a sample of the husband of the person who is positive has already been taken and if the result is negative it will reduce the risk but if it is positive it will be more difficult.
The awarding ceremony of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar-EJHD will be held again after the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly Election, 2023, in a statement sent by Bah Teras Dkhar President. East Jaintia Hills District.
Meanwhile, the Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, today said that 1130 samples have been taken so far and 1048 samples have been tested positive. 12 cases are now 11 cases, 70 cases are pending test.
According to JACATAM Publicity, the release order (RO) to various schools is expected to be issued this month from the DSEO office, East Khasi Hills, Shillong.
Dr Fenella explained that soon law-related programs will be conducted to curb and prevent violence against women and children not only through martial arts. , but how to encourage them to come forward not only to imprison themselves but to fight against crime and violence through the powers that the law has to protect them.
At the meeting today, the Cabinet has decided not to take any more money for the generation of electricity from Umiew River Stage-I which will generate 50 megawatts and Stage-II which will generate 100 megawatts. This is the request of the Central Government as NEEPCO is a Central Government company.
The meeting, chaired by the Syiem of Nongkhlaw, decided to meet again on the 14th January 2013, at the Office of the Syiem of Nongkhlaw, to appoint various working committees as part of the preparation of the works related to the preparation of the the Special and Fourth National Assembly.
Charles informed the House that on the 7th of this month, the Assam government had dug a road at Sabuda and built accommodation for its employees.
India is now witnessing unprecedented investment in infrastructure.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, he said that the road from Weilei to Balat and Umpung has been damaged and hundreds of trucks carrying Coke and shyiap have been destroyed. “It's too late and this has caused more damage to the road,” he said.
He said that the government will now look for ways and means to prevent this ban so that doctors who go to study on behalf of the state government after graduation should come to work with the state government and and when they have finished the judgment, they shall go forth.
U Bah Metbah said that it is a great opportunity for the students to receive such assistance provided by the government free of charge. He also spoke about unemployment which is one of the most important issues to be discussed in the country and the state and urged everyone not to expect only government jobs but to create other opportunities. earned money.
After the TMC and Congress have split, the TMC will split again because some TMC MLAs will join the NPP or join other political parties and this will happen soon you will see.
TMC MLA Himalaya Shangpliang has announced that he will contest from the BJP but Reniktone L Tongkhar and HSPDP MLA Samlin Malngniang have confirmed that they will contest from the BJP. They shall no longer belong to the same party.
MePDCL has already announced the payment of light bill by providing the “One Time Settlement” scheme which means to settle the payment once for all.
Tura, March 11: The AMPT road is one of the oldest roads in Meghalaya which falls under West Garo Hills.
"In the film 'Unveiling Shadows (RNGAI)', one of the most famous actresses, Regina Lamo, starred.
The reason for the absence of a candidate is that the opposition has understood that it will be able to attract MLAs from the ruling party to support the candidate that the opposition will nominate.
New Delhi, Lber 22: The Cabinet Secretary and Principal Secretary of the Prime Minister of Meghalaya today held a meeting with the Chief Secretaries of all the States.
The CEM said that he will convene a meeting of MDCs on 12th November to discuss this issue. I'm not sure what to do.
There are 3 deaths from the disease today, of which 1 is from East Khasi Hills, 1 from Ri Bhoi and 1 from West Khasi Hills. all these were 1431.
Regarding the polling stations, for the 1-Shillong (ST) Parliamentary Constituency, there are 8 polling stations in nine districts and one in Sohra Civil Sub Division. ST) Parliamentary Constituency has three districts.
The Election Control Room will be open 24 hours a day. If you have any complaints regarding the MDC election, please call 9485185620 and 03656-2 fax to us at 03656-290648, or e-mail us at mkwt_swkh@yahoo.
The Chief Guest, Paiem Latho Manik Syiem, Syiem of Mylleim Hima, who praised the HMYWO, which is a voluntary organization in the Hima, was present on the occasion. between the young men of the Raid and the Hima.
Shabong confirmed his statement by quoting a report published by the Indian Institute of Technology, New Delhi which was researched by Ravi Raji and Manabendra Saharia. The report, which shows that many states have been affected, also shows that East Khasi Hills in our state is the worst affected.
"This has happened because in the last eight years, we have eliminated those gaps in the national economy that are causing problems," he said.
Shillong, March 30: Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma on Tuesday said that the Congress party demands from the present MDA government to implement the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) for the benefit of the people of Meghalaya. of the poor and needy people of the state who need treatment in hospitals.
The box is located at Chibokgre Aking under Chokpot Police Station and on the night of the 26th and 27th of this month, police conducted a search operation. and they found this ark.
Union Minister in charge of Commerce and Industry, Consumer Affairs, Food and Public Distribution and Textiles Piyush Goyal said, “The whole world is your playground.
After reviewing all the nominations received, there were 1563 valid nominations.
There are three districts which have not tested positive for COVID-19, North Garo Hills, South Garo Hills and South West Garo Hills.
This will be limited to the first phase.
He said centuries of slavery had stolen this greatness.
Shillong, July 16: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Latiplang Kharkongor today called a meeting of all MDCs and civil society groups to discuss the central government's desire to bring about changes. to the Sixth Schedule.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare said that this figure is for those who are 18 years of age and above 45 years of age.
Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, Information Minister James K Sangma said the government has decided to borrow 300 million US dollars from the bar the.
Those who are residents of the state who are abroad should not have to worry about saying no to Railway.
At the meeting, he said that the party has already had an understanding with the UDP, known as the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) regarding the MDC elections, but the difference now is that it has decided to it will depend on the constituencies and not on the authorities.
ELECTRIC FIELD 2.
Therefore, at this time, the youth cannot run away from the responsibility in building the country.
and the appointment of the HLC is only to waste time.
The purpose of this training is to provide employees with the skills to do the job with support on how to use the existing resources in order to sustain them in their use.
Before the cleanliness drive, Rgh O.Pyngrope President Seng Khasi Kmie, took part in the raising of the flag of the Seng. The song was composed by the Tymmen Riewsan of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Rgh Skor Jala.
The Prime Minister said that many of the ethnic groups in India are indeed low income and discriminated against, but the presence of the media has brought about a change in attitude.
The Minister also spoke on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Bill-2016 during his speech on the work of the Government.
He said that as of now, the state is in the midst of financial crisis and that is evident from the work of the government, which has not been able to repair the roads, to repair the houses. Government and to pay contractors in various government departments This shows the lack of funds of the Government.
The Forum leader said that whenever there is any step to resolve this dispute which has been going on for years, the Karbis are accustomed to creating trouble.
The union also demands that the education department of the state government should increase the number of examination centers in the state in all district headquarters for the safety and security of the students of the state.
The Government of Meghalaya today decided to send for RTPCR test to all those who come to the state at the testing centers at the entry gates except those who come to the state. Those who have a negative test result within 72 hours cannot enter the state.
Police suspect that these kwai supari were smuggled from Bangladesh but when they arrived at the scene they left and the people involved fled to escape from the hands of the police and BSF troops. July 08: A four-member team of the Election Commission of India (ECI) will arrive in Shillong on the 12th and 13th of this month.
These opportunities for transportation will boost local economic activities, open up opportunities in employment, education & healthcare facilities; and help reduce air pollution.
To bring about a clean governance means that we are ready to condemn and eradicate the mentality that breeds hatred and enmity, and we must start from our own home.
Police have arrested the suspects and the investigation is ongoing.
Chemphang Syrti SP of Ri Bhoi District has been transferred and appointed as Assistant Inspector General of Police.
In this fight against Covid-19, it has been seen that youths who work abroad have had to return to their home state.
Shillong, Naitung 02: The Board Meeting of the Mawkynrew Cup Committee held on 30th June 2018 has discussed how to hold the 2nd Mawkynrew Cup 2018, as part of the preparations for the resumption of the tournament. the 2nd World Cup
Also present on the occasion were the Chief Guests, Dr Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya and Bah AL Hek, Minister of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, Government of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Nailur 01: The Nongum Presbytery has taken the initiative to reach out to the sick and needy by holding a free medical camp at Nongum. these days.
These villages have been declared as quarantine areas to prevent the spread of ASF. The villages where the deaths have been found have been banned. pigs out of the affected villages.
New Delhi, June 25: The University Grant Commission (UGC) today released 24 fraudulent universities in India. public information.
On this occasion, we would like to highlight some of the things that the Ri Khasi Jaintia has been waiting for.
While the troops were on their way to Guwahati, they received a tip-off that there was an explosion in which Royal Bhutan Army troops were injured in the incident at Haa. went to the scene to transport the wounded.
The seven families who received the assistance are Phibawansuk Kharkongor from Nongrim Sadew, Bah Suren and Injona Thangkhiew from Nongkseh-Upper Shillong; Dril Nongsiej of Mawphlang, Pdiang Kharkrang of Sohiong, Phila Lynshing of Khlieh Umrnong and Globinda Pale of Kyndong Tuber.
On this occasion, there was a warning and encouragement to the Christians by various speakers.
He also informed that this is not the first time, but it has happened from time to time in the past years.
There are 119 recoveries today, 52 from East Khasi Hills, 16 from West Garo Hills, 16 from West Jaintia Hills and 13 from Ri Bhoi. all districts in the state.
The second phase of the Meghalaya Technological Park Society is to be completed by 2025 in Tura.
Regarding the opening of kyiad shops, the DC said that the owners of the shops should take responsibility to ensure that there is no crowd and should not violate the rules laid down by the department. you are healthy.
Members of the HPC who were present along with Dr Donkupar Roy as Chairman of the HPC, the Chief Minister, the Leader of the Opposition, Minister of Housing Bah Comingone Ymbon, Bah Prestone Tynsong Symbut Deputy Speaker Timothy D Shira and Reniktone Tongkhar MLA. It is to be recalled that the Legislative Assembly of the State collapsed in 2001 and now it has been 18 years since it was built. With this decision of the HPC, Meghalaya will have a full Assembly as it will now be held at the hall of the Department of Arts and Culture in Rilbong.
“In the last 70 years, 74 airports have been built but in the last seven years under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Scindia said, we have built 66 new airports and this has led to the fact that we now have 140 operational airports in the country.
There are 222 recoveries, 82 from East Khasi Hills and 50 from West Khasi Hills. The total number of recoveries so far is 73,4
A Bike Rally was also held from Polo to PB and then to NEIGRIHMS on 13th March to raise awareness among the people of the North East on Palliative care.
In Chhattisgarh, too, one person was discharged from hospital after receiving treatment.
Shillong, Nailr 12: The United Democratic Party (UDP) today held a public meeting to elect the new office bearers of the party. and Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, General Secretary.
Three office bearers of the party, Askai Marbaniang, Nuwel Sumer and Sil Lyngdoh, have been appointed.
The rich deceive the poor citizens by paying money immediately to gain trust shortly after the money is deposited.
The Minister of Arts and Culture, Bah Paul Lyngdohu was the chief guest while the CEM, KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Syiem was the chief guest.
Regarding this disease, the state government is still waiting for a reply from the central government.
Marbud Dkhar President of FKJGP Mawlai said that drug abuse puts the society at risk and destroys all the youth.
However, the police cannot say exactly as they are still looking for evidence to prove whether it is Salman who has been named in the group.
On the other hand, the Chairman of GHSMC urged the Power Minister to do as soon as possible to facilitate the students in studying by replacing these four transformers which have been lost in South Garo Hills District.
The complaint has been filed against the Privilege Committee of the State Legislative Assembly for violating the rights of the MLA. Tura South MLA John Leless K Sangma has lodged a complaint against the officer in 2014 in connection with the incident at Ringrey Market in Tura.
As we always say that the road is the blood vessel of trade and also the source of income, we understand its special need.
