Seven Bills were passed by the Lok Sabha and five by the Rajya Sabha.
This goes beyond the lecture rooms and opens up opportunities for them to discuss, observe and participate in life, working practices and problems in the community.
In the welterweight category 63.5-67kg, Rajat defeated Abhishek Yadav of Railways, while Akash defeated Abhinab Saikia of Assam (who won the title of Best Challenger Boxer) in the light middleweight category 67-71kg.
The GSU, ADE and other civil society groups have also affected the Garo Hills and this lack of cooperation has affected Tura and shops. It was closed from three o'clock in the morning.
The war with the French lasted for three years and it was for this reason that the French accused the Khasi of being a very advanced people.
In a statement signed by Bah Rejoice Nongsiej, General Secretary of the Central Body, he said, “People, don't be bought with T.200/ and T.500/ for three years, if You don't have a candidate who has lost your money, you don't have a lyndet.
Today, I also congratulate the people who have worked to achieve the hopes and aspirations of the people, for the development and peace of independent India.
Bah Swendar Kharkrang said that we have chosen this day to celebrate Christmas by giving these small donations to you children. receive it with joy.
Answering additional questions, he said that the KHADC office has prepared many rules before issuing the recognition.
Not all activities related to qualification may fall under training.
Shillong, March 31: The Election Committee of the United Democratic Party (UDP) today decided to nominate Dr Jemino Mawthoh as the UDP candidate for the Lok Sabha MP election.
This road runs around the JN Stadium but in the middle of this road it is very bad from the east while the west side is good because many of the offices related to sports are in this stadium. they are located in the lower part of the Stadium.
The NGEA within the GHADC has told the CEM that there is a decision of the Meghalaya High Court issued on 14th November 2016 under Order No.19/2016 which has directed the relevant authorities to This decision was also discussed at the meeting but till now no salary has been paid to the employees.
According to an order from the authorities in charge of the newspaper, the suspension of the publication of the newspaper will be from the 10th of June this year.
The International Jeet Asian Gold Cup was known as the International Jeet Asian Gold Cup.
The railway department has started running trains from Itanagar and traffic through the waterways has been opened.
They have to go straight to the 4th Furlong.
“Everyone makes mistakes, but the quickness to forgive and the quickness to understand their mistakes is the most important thing,” said E Chyrmang President KSU Jalaphet Unit. “We have understood our mistakes, so foreign powers will not be able to take over our nation,” he said.
He said that in that area they don't wait for the NH they wait only for the road to Huroi. said Mr. Suchiang.
On the other hand, the police have intensified their efforts to fight against this illegal drug trafficking and the government will not allow such illegal activities and the fight is to eradicate this illegal drug trafficking.
On this occasion, Dr. Karadu also spoke to the doctors and staff of the center and thanked them for their hard work.
New Delhi, June 12: India has participated in the 19th session of the United Nations Forum on Forests (UNFF) to be held at the UN Headquarters in New York from 6 to 10 June
The Congress party will now write to the Parliamentary Standing Committee to amend the Sixth Schedule for the purpose of including the areas not under the Sixth Schedule. Schedule.
He immediately said, “The indigenous people, whether from the countryside or the countryside, do not know the philosophy of the world and do not care whether the society or the salonsari recognize them as talented people. In a special meeting with the North Eastern Region, Gadanayak said that the Prime Minister of India, Shri Narendra Modi has urged the development of the region in side of my writing career.
There will also be a prize giving ceremony for the winners and the race will start from the polo parking lot and will cover many parts of Shillong.
Shillong, Nailur 03: The swearing-in ceremony of Bah BPO Warjri as the State Chief Information Commissioner (SCIC) will be held tomorrow morning at Raj Bhavan. There are only 12 ministers in the state government.
He also spoke about the proposal to promote cooperative activities in dairy related activities and also in storage activities.
Due to this, promotions are taking place at all levels and due to this there are vacancies in posts from time to time, he said.
The Ministry of Home Affairs has been vigilant in this regard in talks with the State Governments.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: The United Democratic Party (UDP) today held a meeting for four hours to discuss the anti-party activities of Nongkrem MLA Ardent Basaiawmoit and other party officials. and West Khasi Hills District.
The meeting was conducted by Samla Arphin Stone Marbaniang, Asst General Secretary FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle.
The total number of deaths was
He said that according to the FIR lodged by the owners of the houses, they alleged that they had assaulted and injured these officers but the members of the HYC did not do so. They went with joy and were able to speak to the owners of the house with dignity.
The celebration of the 50th Anniversary of the NEC will continue to improve its work in the years to come. In the past 50 years, the NEC has implemented many development schemes in these areas. There are five states in the North East of India.
He said that the names of the MDCs whom he has sent cannot be announced until they have received the approval of the Governor.
Umdor said that it is useless to have a bungalow, dozens of cars or billions of rupees if in old age you will think about what you have done to others in the past. They are still strong and find that they have not done anything, but if they have done something small to help others in small things, it will be a blessing to them.
The discussion during these two days was on how to deal with the problems in the region which affect the peace and stability.
The Sordar of Thadrang Village said that the dynamite shooting and the use of chemicals to kill the fish in the area has not only affected the death of the fish but also the fish. people who use this water.
On the other hand, the Ministers who were present included the Minister of Road Construction, Prestone Tynsong, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, AL Hek, the Minister of Transport, Sngiawwbhalang Dhar, Sports Minister Banteidor Lyngdoh, NCP Saleng A Sangma, Lambor Malngiang and Samuel Sangma are private members.
On the opening day of the special session, Bah Titos Chyne, Leader of the Opposition, at the beginning of the session, stood up to speak and expressed his anger at the lack of issues to be discussed. speak in this special meeting.
Shillong, June 23: The General Secretary of the MSSASA, Bah HM Marbaniang, on Tuesday said that Bah Niwel Dkhar has been removed from the post of Finance Secretary of the Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSSASA) for violating the rules and regulations. work of the organization.
The Minister reviewed the MGNREGA, PMAY-G, NRLM, RGSA and other special programs of the Government.
After this, a meeting was held under the chairmanship of the Minister of Defense of the Union Government on 23.05.2021 in the presence of the Ministers in charge of Education of the State Governments.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: The 71st Anniversary of the Constitution of India was celebrated today.
The captains of these helicopters are Wing Commander Amber Agarwal and Squadron Leader Himanshu Sharma.
Shillong, Lber 16: Answering a question by Mayralborn Syiem, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said that the state should be able to collect revenue by mining coal according to the modern technology according to the decision of the High Court. On 3rd November 2019, it was allowed to mine coal under the MMDR Act 1957 and under Section 4 of the Minerals Concession Rules,
The train left Haryana on 22nd June, 2020 and was carrying more than 90 Meghalayans.
He said that the government has used the powers of the government for this reason that the officers have been able to release the shallans. which is now “Save Meghalaya”.
Shillong, June 11: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has expressed its regret over the rape of NEHUSU leaders by the NEHU Tura Campus authorities on the 7th and 8th June 2019 in Tura.
In her speech, Ms Ampareen Lyngdoh said that she is pleased to see that many students and parents have attended the distribution of these laptops. children who have worked hard to reach their goals in their studies and this is an encouragement to them to continue to do better in their studies in this age of competition.
The final of the tournament will be at 5 pm where the girls of Ri Bhoi District will play against East Khasi Hills and at 7 pm the boys of Ri Bhoi District will play against West. Jaintia Hills.
The District Administration has been very vigilant in this regard so that there will be no inconvenience to the people, said the DC of Jowai.
On the other hand, the MLCU is concerned about the increase in the harassment of women on the streets.
KS Rani President of the HNYF-Western Region said that West Khasi Hills is not a place of violence during the time of the government.
I am also pleased to see the skills and abilities of the youth from the North East.
Shillong, Naitung 14: Members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) under the leadership of the General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today suddenly turned up in front of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Secretariat to protest against the attempt. Government to build a railway line to the Khasi Hills.
The Mawkyrwat MLA said this is the right time because there is still a way for the central government to bring about the amendment of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution.
This will continue on 30 and 31 May.
Shillong, March 23: The Shooting Association of Meghalaya (MSS) has held a two-day 10 meter pistol shooting tournament in Shillong on the 18th and 19th of March.
The HLM was led by the Chief Minister on the government side and Dr Mukul Sangma on the opposition side.
Shillong, Naitung 02: The General Meeting of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar, Wapung Circle will be held on 06.07.2019 at 11:00AM at the Community Hall, Wapungshnong, East Jaintia Hills. to confirm the Office Bearers of the Seiñ Kur and the election of the Members to the Executive Committee of the Seiñ Kur.
At the meeting held today, more than 100 people attended the meeting to discuss how to strengthen the party and to work hard to ensure that the BJP party will reach victory.
There are 61 recoveries today, mostly from East Khasi Hills 50 and West Khasi Hills 6, bringing the total number of recoveries to 81807 so far. .
It is in this government that the Chief Minister Cornad K Sangma has listened to their demand and has gone to Ranikor to promise in front of them. and within 45 days the Civil Sub Division was established.
The use of political and security activities and the recent visit of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to the South Pacific region has received scrutiny and opened the door for various relations that can happen in the future if we need these.
They have been selected to travel to Thailand to compete for IMFA world champion Muaythai.
The Chief Minister acknowledged that there is a shortage of personnel in the police force to fight against crime and insurgency in the state. strengthen the police force.
The protest will be held in front of the office of the Deputy Commissioner Tura. The protest will be supported by the AYWO, Mother's Union, GSU-South Garo Hills. teachers.
In the middle of the game, Bah.
The injured were taken to Civil Hospital Shillong for treatment. The injured were identified as Akash Ali, 21, Ajay Kuri, 39, Rikesh Das, 60, Satya Madak, Deepak Kumar, 17, Pradeep Kuri, 21, Aman Kumar Shah, 18, Jadur Choudhury, 50 and Shubham Nath,
Eliza Lyngdoh scored 4/12 in 3.2 overs to help Mawsynram Pink Panthers win by 10 runs.
Hilarius said that HS Shylla MDC of Nongkrem has sent schemes to the KHADC from October to June with the remaining amount of T.1.88 crore but they have not yet received the schemes. The District Selection Committee has not yet received a single vote, but at this meeting it was learned that the District Selection Committee is still sitting today.
The compensation paid to the victims of electricity outages has been increased to T.2, 50,000 lakh from 22nd November,
As the owners of this land, they should strengthen that ownership by not accepting it as a place of dispute.
The Hima rulers were assured by the leaders that the intention was for them to be independent within India and to live together to discuss matters as friends to make a treaty.
The Seng would also like to inform the new governing body of KHADC known as the All Regional Parties Alliance (ARPA) to amend some of the rules in the Constitution of District Councils. 1951 and also in relation to the definition in sub A rule 128 of the Autonomous District Rules which states that “any Indian citizen or resident who has been recognized for more than 180 days in any constituency may contest for the election. election MDCs”.
Shillong, Lber 26: Four candidates from the 1-Shillong Parliamentary Constituency and two from the Lok Sabha Constituency have filed their nomination papers for the Lok Sabha elections. part of the 2nd Tura Parliamentary Constituency.
Generous Warlarpih President of KJBA said that the KJBA has put before the government two issues to fight against the increase in the price of beef and to reduce the price. The government should have conducted the sale of cows at a price that is no longer the same as the price of cows.
The four offices that the government should set up are in the Directorate of Social Welfare, in the office of the Commissioner for Persons with Disabilities, in all the offices of the Deputy Commissioners in the state, the offices of the District Social Welfare. and Child Development Project Officer.
The purpose of this free treatment is to bring closer the relationship between the people and the army.
Shillong, November 10: U Dr Jemino Mawthoh Rangbah Shnong and officers of the Road Construction Department of the State today inspected the road at Iew Rynjah and the bridge at Umpling which have not been completed yet.
Shillong, March 31: U Bah Welbirth Rani General Secretary of the FKJGP, which is one of the organizations involved in the protest for the ILP in the state, in a statement sent today, said: He said that the civil society wants to reach a dialogue, but the government should also show signs.
In the Lyngam area, Bah Witting Mawsor and no doubt others.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that MeECL has many ways to improve its performance and improve its revenue.
The complaint was lodged by Bah Banri Lyngdoh, Executive Engineer of MUDA, that Agens had gone to the site to evict the workers who were working in New Shillong Township.
The Seng in the next few days will put forward a demand to the Government to implement the demand of the Seng.
He said that the government will bring benefits to the factory owners in the state.
These NRCs allow for specialization in Social Science, Science, Engineering and Technology, Design and Manufacturing, Humanities, Language Teaching, Commerce, Management, Education Planning and Administration, Public Policy, Leadership and Governance, Library and Information Science, Astronomy and Astrophysics, Assessment and Evaluation, Pedagogy and Research Methods, Nanosciences, and others.
The letter signed by the mother was sent today.
“If the youth want a job, they should vote for the BJP. Leave the BJP once,” said Bah Shullai.
Shillong, Nailar 19: The youths of Ri Bhoi District who have passed the District Selection Committee (DSC) examination today went to the office of the DC by walking. public.
Shillong, Naitung 22: The Meghalaya government will not allow the Uranium Corporation of India Limited (UCIL) to carry out any development works related to uranium in the uranium mining area of ​​the South. West Khasi Hills District, if it has not been able to prove the safety measures for the people in terms of health and what the consequences of uranium mining.
The urge is that the State Government should look into the roads and it will be an important part if it doesn't turn its attention to these areas and implement appropriate schemes according to the roads. the passage of time so that it will bring peace to the people of Salonsar.
However, on 22.10.2019, Bah Teinwell Dkhar, CEM candidate from UDA, went to withdraw his nomination paper but it arrived late, that is, it should have arrived before 11.00 AM. However, the election which should have been uncontested has gone ahead and all the MDCs who have arrived have cast their votes for Bah Latiplang Khakongor, MDC Nongthymmai Constituency and I got 15 votes because everyone could cast their votes.
The total weight of the heroin seized was 98 grams and the value of the heroin was T.1,76,0
The finalists were Batip Group SC and Nangkiew SC where Batip Group SC beat Nangkiew SC 4-3
The KJCE Union has held a 10 minute silence and prayer by Rev SD Lanong and will also provide its assistance to the Help Desk of KJP Synod Sepngi. TbnC Marsing, Mr AL Gallong President and General Secretary KJCE Union.
Hundreds of people came to take advantage of this benefit which the government has opened for the people.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) and the Garo Students Union (NESO) will hold a protest tomorrow morning as part of their opposition to the Citizenship Amendment Bill,
Shillong, Lber 05: The number of MLAs to support the new government led by the National People's Party (NPP) has risen to 45 MLAs. Raj Bahvan Shillong.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: Shillong Police have arrested Jefferson Jana, 29, father of two children who were found dead in Shillong. who allegedly killed his own children.
The APVC has found that these rebel groups in Garo Hills have committed terrorist acts by those who claim to belong to the GNLA, ANVC (B), UALA, LAEF, ATF and ANLCA. and many more are emerging.
In a letter sent to the Minister in charge of Agriculture, Hek, signed by Elvis Kyrsian, Vice President of the union and Kenny Nongrum, they alleged that M/s Double Seven Corporation has seized between T.30,000 and T.90,000/- from the vehicles.
In the complaint, the union said that the union wants to lodge a complaint with the KHADC against the misuse of a foreigner who has taken the title of “Pariat” for personal gain through the The Youth Wing of the KHNAM party has alleged that the foreigner was known as “Vinu Sisupal Rampal”. His parents were both foreigners but he was not a foreigner. now he has changed his name to Venu Shisupal R Pariat.
During the programme, the Chief Minister will also hand over the 10,000 Jan Aushadi Kendra at AIIMS, Deoghar.
Regarding the drug trafficking, Shillong West MLA Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that the government has not been involved in this issue. There is a need for cooperation from all sides, if we talk about the future of the future generations we have to do something now and if the government does it will affect everyone but for the good we have to do it.
In the tennis tournament, 12 players from CRPF, Assam Rifles, HQ Eastern Air Command, Raj Bhavan and BSF took part in the basketball tournament. Meghalaya Police won the men's and women's category.
We have witnessed many incidents of violence, we have found that people are sitting in cars and playing music and this has upset many churches,” said Kong Kurbah. second.
At the same time, she promised to convene a meeting with all the Rangbah Shnongs of War Jaintia who have these foreigners on the Electoral Roll in their villages.
The Chief Secretary's notice to inspect these land is based on the writings of the seven Dorbar Shnongs near the market and sell these land where there are too many land vendors.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the government has decided to set up two model places to educate the people, in Jongsha East Khasi Hills District. Dawagre in East Garo Hills for soh cultivation.
Police have arrested Osternic Marbaniang, 34, a member of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Central Body, 34, for the murder of two foreigners in Ichamati village. 27th October, 2024.
He also warned the public that these two men are involved in many crimes and appealed to the public that if anyone has been in contact with them, they should come forward and lodge a complaint with the police. the police will be able to do whatever is necessary.
Shillong, Lber 18: The President of the MPCC, Dr Celestine Lyngdoh, in the presence of the MP candidate of the party, Bah Vincent H Pala from the 1st Shillong Parliamentary Seat, The election will be held on the 11th of June
Answering a question, he said he could not say the time as he still had to check the documents submitted by the 12 MLAs last month and started reading. However, now you have come to this writing from the Congress party.
There have been three recoveries from East Khasi Hills, two from East Jaintia Hills and one from East Jaintia Hills.
Dubey, 24, Afsar Ali, 20, and Bishal Paul,
Jowai, July 16: The Jwai Center has been removed from the list of job seekers, especially the job seekers, who have to apply through the MPSC. The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) wants to know why the Jowai Center has been removed from the application form of the MPSC. This is a mistake or a lack of attention to the Jaintia Hills.
There are 18 recoveries from East Garo Hills, 1 from East Jaintia Hills, 1 from East Jaintia Hills, 1 from Eastern West Khasi Hills, 1 from Ri Bhoi and 2 from South West Garo Hills. 1, West Garo Hills 5, West Jaintia Hills 2, West Khasi Hills 3, the total number of recoveries is 91,9
It is also learned that such an incident occurred near Smit, this incident was sudden.
According to sources, this morning, a phone call was received from Silchar to the office of the Deputy Commissioner to inquire about the incident. and those who died in the crematorium were thrown into the coal mine.
Shillong, Lber 23: Four persons have been arrested in connection with the bomb blast at Panjabi Lane on 9/3/2
The NPP has already decided to nominate Albinush R Marak as the candidate for the CEM election. It is understood that on the day of filing of nomination papers for the CEM election, Albinush will step down. Several people and civil society organizations from Garo Hills have staged protests across the Garo Hills to demand the removal of Rakhesh from the post of CEM. of GHADC, which he resigned today.
At present, only these companies have been registered by the government with a complaint under the rules of fraud.
They also met with the Hon'ble President of India Shri Pranab Mukherjee on 21st October during his visit to Shillong.
Shillong, Nailar 18: The team of Film 9-Lad has selected 28 contestants for the final of the Solo Lockdown Talent Competition (SLTC). The Director of 9-Lad, Commander Shangliang, who is also the Producer of the film, has discussed the videos sent by the participants and posted on the Youtube Channel. The 28 judges will select the winners for the first, second and third places, consolation price. and also to those who will get free tickets when the film 9-Lad is released again in cinemas.
The government will ensure that the Medical College in Tura will be opened soon.
The cleanliness drive was inaugurated by the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, RM Kurbah. about 100 people turned out to take part.
On receiving a tip, the EJH District Police conducted a search operation on the NH-6 near Khliehriat. When the bus arrived, the police stopped and searched the bus. bus and took him to search his plates.
He added that the party will fulfill its role in conveying to the central government and now it is up to the state government to continue to urge the central government to implement the demands. pause.
Shillong, July 29: Student Barilang Pyngrope today held a call to the people to sign their names at Stand Jaiaw to demand the government to bring about change in the country. a job that has been going on for 50 years.
Currently, 35,000 PACS are involved in the distribution of fertilizers in the country.
The Seng will continue to follow up on this issue until the Government fulfills its responsibility.
He said that where there is a need, relief has been sent.
Through the celebration of World Bicycle Day, people have been encouraged to exercise for 30 minutes a day in their lives.
Speaking in the House today to explain what the government has done, the Prime Minister said, “I hope the ban on coal mining will be lifted, but it will not be like before”. said Conrad.
He said that some of the halls have been destroyed, some of them have been destroyed as it is now. They requested the support from the government to provide halls, toilets, dressing rooms and sports facilities. other other.
Regarding the above issues, the party expects you to take immediate action and to fulfill the aspirations of the people.
Speaking to media, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, said that the Governing Council has ordered the Director of NEIGHRIMS to resign from his post. He will be transferred to the hospital.
The Citizenship Amendment Bill is the life and death of the nation. If we take it stingy, we will become slaves in our own country.
25,00,000 kilos of garbage has been collected in the 10 days since the launch of the Swachh Bharat campaign, he tweeted.
In the petition, HANM warned that if such incidents continue inside the hospital, the HANM will not hesitate to take other legal measures or even to close down the hospital immediately.
He said that according to the IOA & AA, the Khasi States should have appeared from the beginning in the Constitution of India as a separate state. He urged the MDCs to think carefully about this issue and urged the MDCs to think carefully about this issue. more on this topic.
“We have also demanded that the government should increase the retirement age of teachers from 60 years to 65 years. to take care not to delay any longer.
He said that this journey from 2019 to 2022 has been successful to reach a great milestone.
Bah Adelbert Nongrum, in his speech, said that the desire to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Eight Schedule is not a desire, but a need. you are the state you are.
The blockade of offices in the state called by the NGOs has affected the government employees.
Shillong, July 16: U Symbut Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong, Minister of Urban Affairs Hamletson Dohliang and Minister of Health and Family Welfare AL Hek today visited the Iewduh. The government has decided how to reopen the market.
Through the help of these proteins, the human body fights to kill this virus inside the body.
“To distribute lakhs of drugs will put the people in darkness.
He said that this opening is only the beginning, so they have to be patient, because once it is opened it will not go, but as the days go by it will appear and he hopes that soon it will appear well.
In Jaintia Hills, the BJP has nominated candidates from all nine constituencies, while in Ri Bhoi District, it has not nominated candidates from two constituencies, Mawhati and Umroi.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the resigned CEM, Bah Lambok Sumer, said that he took this decision to resign after the request of the Congress leaders from the MPCC. of the party complied with what they asked him.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: U Bah Lahkmen Rymbui MLA of War Jaintia Hills District who is also the Minister in charge of Education today said that the death toll from the famine has risen to seven.
Shillong, July 27: The Union of Village Youth Societies (SSSS) on 24th July 2023 elected its new office bearers in Shillong City.
The union also urges the village authorities as well as the government authorities to look into the selection of households to receive assistance through various government schemes so that the eligible households can receive assistance.
However, with the hard work and support of the Director of Sports and Youth Affairs, the State Government, Kong Isawanda Laloo, we were able to hold the tournament successfully.
Shillong, March 25: Shillong Police on the 23rd of this month found an elderly man lying on the road near a parking lot in Anjalee and took his body to the hospital. Shillong Civil Hospital does not provide any services according to the law.
The Minister said that there is a need to allow women to participate in all aspects so that they can stand on their own feet in terms of income and it is true that if they become mothers, the family will improve. increase in income, the government will spend 18% of that money on women's health.
, Eichloy Gas Agency:  2227545 , 9856861494 , 9089010922, Longkmie Gas Agency:  2501747 , 2502204 , 9863021578, Sukbha 27 29 20 20 25, 27 828.
In the PIL, Bah Robert said that the people who committed this crime are involved with the authorities and for this reason the government cannot do anything and not only those who the girl's house is also threatened by terrorists, he said.
This is a real question why our own people cannot write in their own language. It was said that it was intended to change this to remove this second language for the Khasi to write Khasi, but there is One reason is that there are students from abroad, like Myanmar, Nepal, Bhutan, Bangladesh who come to Shillong because there is no second language.
It is learned that these wild elephants have come to this area for two years now and have destroyed the farmland and this has affected the farmers and the forest department in charge of wildlife has not given any assistance to farmers who have been destroyed by Elephants.
To work together with all the Dorbar Shnongs and Youth Associations to maintain the cleanliness of this river.
Shanlang Diengdoh, President of the MCCL Employees' Union, said that the four-day strike has ended today and the decision they have taken is that if the government does not listen to the strike, Mawmluh has decided to come to Shillong to hold a protest without delay.
George urged the House to take a decision to correct the spelling of the Khasi and Garo languages.
The party opposes any practices that endanger the river.
: A group of seven members of the MPYC led by President Bah Adrian Chyne Mylliem has staged a protest across the state against the implementation of the Citizenship Amendment Act. 2019.
Therefore, we demand that NHAI, GR Infra Project Ltd should install more speed-breakers for the safety of pedestrians especially school children and children in such areas. and also to install road signals before the arrival of such speed breakers and dangerous places for drivers, so that both pedestrians and drivers can get protection and be wise.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: One of the employees of the PWD Division Mariang has lost his life in a fight at Mawphanlur Pond. It was about 2.15 o'clock in the morning.
Of all these companies, Kommorrah Limestone Mining Company Private Limited has been operating for the longest time in the state.
Former MFA president DP Wahlang has been appointed as the advisor and special guest at the MFA's major meetings. (SP News).
Various programs will be held during the 10-day celebration of AKAM such as Lion & Peacock, AjhiLhamu, Miji, Sherdukpen, Rikhampada, Aka, Rikhampada, Puroik, Rikhampada, Juju-Jaja, Buya, Pakuitu, Si- Ome, Galo, MarryMyPinku e, GeMotiLeelo, Erap, Member, Burn, Tapu, Sleep, Rest, IdudanceIgu Priest, Nose, Tattoo, Mayor, Drawn, Face, Umbrella, Peacock, OraOra, Lungchang, Night, Ollo, Wancho and from the 28th of June to the 4th of June,
The union, after receiving information that there are foreign workers working within the boundary of the village, immediately conducted a raid and found with its own eyes that There are shisha foreigners who have worked without proper documents.
“This is not only for my constituency but for the youth of the nation,” he said.
At this meeting, the state government will demand that the incident should be investigated by the central government teams by the NIA or CBI. government including the foundation stone laying ceremony will be suspended until 30/11/2
Police have been conducting investigation into the incident since this morning.
He said that NESO has filed a petition in the Supreme Court against the CAA, 2019 as it is an unacceptable law.
The suspects are suspected to belong to the GNLA. While the police were searching the area, a shootout broke out between the police and the militants. In this incident, a body was recovered from the area. An unidentified suspect was killed and a pistol was recovered from his body.
The BSF has handed over the two vehicles and the kwai supari to the Rongra Police Station for further investigation.
In the first match, KSU Nongthymmai Circle beat KSU Sohiong Circle 1-0
However, there was a guard standing outside,” said Kong Pandora.
It includes beliefs and ideas,” said Myntri Rangbah Duh, adding that they were taught at the old Nalanda School without discrimination.
Shillong, July 22: The Army today managed to drop food items at Maheskhola village in South West Khasi Hills District.
Regarding this, the Leader of the Opposition, Bah Pynshngianglang Syiem, said that it would be better if the session could be postponed until the end of the mid-term MLA elections. The dorbar will remove those MDCs who have contested the election to speak on behalf of the people.
Shillong, Naitung 30: The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, PS Thangkhiew today announced that the 22nd National Conference on E-Governance 2019 will be held for the first time in Shillong. .
What was said hundreds of years ago is now true, and now, we all buy water from jhur shops.
Governor of Meghalaya Banwarilal Purohit, Secretary Education to the Union Government and U.K. Secretary of the North Eastern Council Ram Muviah said that state government ministers will also attend the function.
He said that in the past years there has been a Boundary Committee within the Council and this Committee has also submitted a report in which the Council has also submitted two reports to the State Government. and the land on the part of the EC should establish this Committee.
However, one of the reasons why we passed the Amendment Bill was to introduce Shaw Bhoi in Ri Bhoi District.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister praised the ability of the civil society organizations to bring forward appropriate policies and this suggestion is sufficient to prevent the influx of people from bar.
He said that the transfer of teachers from one college to another deprives the children of their right to education.
The government announcement made it clear that due to the urgency of the matter, the employees who are with the Chief Minister have been allowed to travel by plane with the permission issued by his office. Chief Minister Secretariat without going to the Finance Department (AF) for permission.
He said that at this landfill in Marten, the fire continues even when it rains due to the presence of methane gas.
The application was accepted by the PWD department to construct the footpath along the PWD road but suddenly last month the department suspended the construction of the footpath. Mawtap Village Council to meet with the authorities of the department to seek clarification on the suspension.
Regarding the transfer of jobs, the Minister also agreed that the transfer should be according to the location of those from Garo Hills and those from Khasi Jaintia Hills should be only in Garo Hills. it should be only within Khasi Jiantia.
He said that in the RTI there is only a complaint against the Syiem of Nongspung Hima from the Sordar of Warmawsaw who has no documents to prove that he is the Sordar.
The money has already been deposited by the central government to pay the land fee for the construction of the road from Shillong-Nongstoin to Tura.
Shillong, Jymmang 4 :- The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District has sent a letter to the Chief Secretary of the State, the Commissioner and Secretary in charge of Industry and the Joint Secretary of the Department of Industry. see Material Activities.
The border boundary as announced by the Assam Government on 13th June 1951 is Umlet which is not Umsohphoh as announced by the Government of Assam. Assam.
Therefore, States should take all measures to involve the people in the villages in the work of the mission.
It is also an opportunity for small and medium vendors and places like ration shops, Kirana shops and Pan shops to earn more money.
On the other hand, Ian Campbell in his speech, said that besides having a clean environment, the state has many young people.
Thomas Jones began to write the Khasi alphabet by using the letter “ABC” and later the letter “K” instead of the letter “C”.
The cities in the North East of India covered by the AMRUT scheme include Arunachal Pradesh, Itanagar, Assam, Guwahati, Dibrugarh, Naogaon and Silchar, Manipur. Imphal, Meghalaya, Shillong, Mizoram, Aizawl, Nagaland, Dimapur and Kohima, Sikkim, Gangtok, Tripura, Agartala.
The opening ceremony was attended by Martin M Dango, Minister in charge of Road Development, MLA Bah Julius Dorphang, government officials. , members of the Society and Rangbah Shnong, residents and others.
They are the intellectuals, politicians and members of the political party.
The meeting was conducted by Samla Glorious Swet President of HYC Pynursla Unit and delivered a speech by Edmund. HYC Riwar Mihngi President Khongngai, HYC-CEC Asst Organizing Secretary Donbok Khar Lyngdoh Vice President and Robertjune Kharjahrin General Secretary.
Adding to a question regarding other teachers who have been left without regularisation, the Minister said the government is concerned about the teachers and has addressed the problems of more than 2000 teachers.
Therefore, all those who have received letters from it, to inform them of their readiness by sending their names to register for the Mawlai Documentary Film on or before 5th July
The topic of the meeting was the NGT's ban on coal mining in the state.
Many experienced surgeons gave their opinions on the topic of Skills Sets in Surgical Oncology and 175 research papers were received at the conference.
60 percent of the military recruitment is for the States and Union Territories according to the population, 20 percent for border security. In those areas, 20 per cent has been allocated to households affected by insurgency such as Jammu and Kashmir and the North Eastern states of India and those states affected by Naxals. and the Government shall change this from time to time.
Replying to the question of foreigners especially those who have smuggled from Bangladesh, the CEO said that they have taken all necessary measures to ensure that they will not be included in the electoral roll. , it was reported that on 25/10/2023, political parties have been invited to discuss and assist in the preparation of the names of the voters.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: Police of Jowai Police Station have arrested Bah F Bthuh and after the arrest he was found to be an employee of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council. long that they suspect that he is involved in drug trafficking.
Police said that the names of the deceased have not yet been received as no complaint has been lodged against them. ha lane this incident.
: A team of Home Guards and Civil Defense (CD&HG) Police led by Sub-Inspector F. Lamare, has removed a tree which has destroyed the car and the house of Bah Welson Shiangshai in the village. Principles.
Dr Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister, informed the Chief Executive Members that the Government has prepared a new Act to assist in the curbing of foreign illegal immigrants. to propose and create a mechanism for the Dorbar Shnongs to work together with Government departments as part of the cooperation between the Enforcement, Police and Village Authorities.
In this regard, the church authorities have worked with the Shillong Traffic Police to arrange the parking and driving in the entire Laitumkhrah area.
The MDA government in Meghalaya should know and listen to the collapse of the Wah Umiam Bridge at Domsite which has given a warning to the MDA government in Meghalaya. but the time.
The Union Minister of Youth Affairs and Sports, Anurag Thakur today inaugurated the nationwide program at the Major Dhyan Chand Stadium, New Delhi.
Prestone said that at this time it should be understood that we should not talk about it at this time, because so far only three people have tested positive for COVID-1 Three new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in the country.
Speaking in the House, the Minister of Home Affairs said that on 10th November 2022, at 1.45 pm, three persons who had been arrested escaped and one person was convicted.
Regarding Ganja, the DGP said that in 2022, up to 1,400 kilos were seized and this year alone, 4,000,000 kilos, 13,000 kilos of Yabba pills were seized in 2022 and 61,000 units in
The EDIC was funded by the Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment, Department of Empowerment and the State Government through the State Society. for the Implementation of Rehabilitation Services for Persons with Disabilities (SSIRPD), in collaboration with the  State Resource Centre, Civil Hospital Shillong.
The judging of the competition will be based on the criteria of taste, innovation and presentation.
Daniel said that the civil society does not have the right to stand before the government, but they exercise their right granted in the Constitution of India to demand justice, because it is the duty of the state government as they are sworn to protect.
Of course we understand that this police raid is the same as the incident in Ichamati (Pynthaumdan).
Details of the Institute can be found on the NIIMH Official Website (India). There are about 58 WHO Collaborating Centers dealing with various aspects of biomedicine and related sciences.
The union will send its complaint to the higher authorities as well as to the government authorities to take action on this issue.
Referring to the speech of the Members of the House regarding the withholding of salaries of government employees, the Prime Minister said that what the government is now withholding will not be paid back to the government employees. all in due time.
there is freedom of choice and the power of determination, because victory is not only in the beginning, but in reaching and accomplishing the goal.
On the other hand, Bah Frankie Warjri, Secretary of Tulba Mawlai, said that as they say in English, cleanliness is next to God, so we should have that way of thinking.
On the other hand, BSNL has requested the Co-Chairman to help them to use the MeCEL electric lines while the contractors have not completed the construction of the National Highway (NHAI) to Nongstoin.
This is the first change imposed by the IRDA on insurance companies.
Kordor Mawlong, president of HTTA, said that the overcharge by the passengers at Guwahati Airport is excessive from T.600 to T.1500 depending on the type of vehicle they use. While in Meghalaya, they don't do this, they pay only the line fee of T.150 tyngka.
The KHADC will be the initiator and to provide training. When the village is able to run the work, the whole village will run it. cooperation.
The MPLU and JCCCV believe that the work will be in line with the Meghalaya Residents Security and Safety Act, 2016 (MRSSA). If this can be done in this way, the benefits will go to the local vehicles and the tourist guides.
She also praised the KSU leaders and urged them to continue to be the defenders of the rights of the Khasi people even if they have not received salary or assistance in their service to the Jaidbynriew through the KSU. KSU Malki Circle has awarded mementoes to all 31 students along with a cash prize of Rs 1,000 to those who have passed successfully in the examinations of SSLC, HSSLC, CBSE, Bachelors' Degree, Masters' Degree and thousand of those who have received distinction in Khasi subject.
Jowai, November 13: The AJYWO Central Body led by MH Dkhar President and Reachingson Siangshai Vice President today lodged an FIR against Krishna Sapkota. The Waheh Shnong of Latyrke, East Jaintia Hills has sold the Residential Certificate of Latyrke to thousands of foreigners from the Nepali and Bengali community at the price of RS.700/- to Rs.100/- each for the registration of Aadhaar Card for these foreigners and foreigners as published in Mawphor on 11th November,
He said that the village of Iooksi is fortunate to have such far-sighted leaders who have shaped the village by first eliminating the differences of opinion and differences of beliefs.
So far, more than 160 crore doses of vaccine have been administered.
The protest will start at 10 pm tomorrow in front of the GVK office in Lawmali. The protest will be attended by members of FKJGP and others. from the KSU to join them.
So far, 94987 people have tested positive for COVID-19 and 92791 people have recovered.
Decision Making , 6 .
Preparations for the construction and maintenance of the houses of various Himas are now in full swing at the Heritage Village at Mawphlang.
So far, the amount that can be withdrawn is calculated on the basis of the tenure invested based on the years and salary at which the investment has been received in EPS.Thus, on completion of 6 months of this investment, the members got a chance to withdraw the money.
At this meeting, it was decided to hold a special meeting at Williamnagar where all religious groups will be invited to discuss the issue.
This promotes good agriculture.
Shillong, March 22: The Special Session of the KHADC will be held for two days on the 25th and 26th of this month. .
The forms for the Free Coaching CUET-UG have been released from the 6th of this month and will end on the 19th of this month. 3:00 pm to 5:00 pm every day in Nongpoh.
These smugglers used to smuggle cows from this area because it is a forest and used to keep the cows near the border and smuggle them into Bangladesh.
According to the documents submitted to the Election Commission of India, the office bearers of the party are Ivanlumlang Marbiang as President, AL Mawphlang as General Secretary, Emlang Lytan as General Secretary. the Working President, 40 members of the Executive Committee and 116 members.
“We are planning to build about 10 more hospitals across the Northeast in the next five years.
Let's become someone's tree writer.
On 5th July 2014, it held an Environmental Awareness Program at St. John Bosco Hall, Sohra, in which more than 10 schools participated including other dignitaries and Leaders of the Sohra Civil Sub-Division.
Shillong, November 10: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today sent a letter to the Union Minister of State for Social Justice and Empowerment, A. Narayanswamy to urge him to set up a school. Dr. Ambedkar Center of Excellence (DACE) at NEHU. In a letter, the KSU has made it clear that it is a student union that looks after the welfare of the Khasi people. The Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment has launched the Dr. Ambedkar Foundation (DAF) to set up DACE in 31 universities in India.
“Therefore, we have repealed the old Rule and introduced a new Rule.
The bike rally will be inaugurated by the party president Ernest Mawrie and other party officials who will be present tomorrow morning. I didn't want to go to my office on Bivar Road.
Chyne said that the passing away of Dr. Phlour is a great loss to the entire Sohra, as a people's leader, as an MDC and MLA he has contributed a lot to the society. secession is a loss for the entire region.
Shillong, Nailar 06: The President of the Kynshi Bangla Social and Cultural Sport Club (KBSCSC) Aiban Syiemlieh today said that the club will hold the second edition of the football tournament which will start on the 24th of this month. The prize money for the winners will be 3 lakh tyngka and for the runners up will be 100 lakh tyngka.
It is true that sending written notes to students is appropriate but it is not easy for students to write when they do not receive proper training as the NSUI strongly opposes the online examination, according to the directive of the The UGC has decided that the examinations should be held after November.
This has put the students in trouble.
From today, all government departments have received a detailed census of the population in the state.
It is learned that during the meeting, all those who attended the meeting expressed their concern regarding the peace and order in the state and promised to work together. for the sake of peace and order in the state.
On the other hand, after meeting with the Superintendent of Engineer of PWD Road to inquire about the progress of the work, the Seng said that the expenditure allocated for the renovation of this road from Mawphlang onwards. He said that the projects are in two and three phases. In Mawsynram Division, the project is underway and in Mawphlang Division, the project is underway. to renovate the entire road.
At present, Meghalaya has three District Councils, KHADC, JHADC and GHADC. In these District Councils, KHADC and JHADC do not allow non-tribals to vote or contest. The GSU also wants that non-tribals should not be allowed to contest the MDC election in GHADC. If it can be done in JHADC and KHADC, how can it not be done in GHADC? The President of the GSU said that the GSU has no objection to anyone but the Sixth Schedule is for the purpose of protecting the low paid. Therefore, the GHADC should also be for the people of Meghalaya.
This is a new one that they have yet to learn more about.
Shillong, July 17: The SDO of Pynursla Civil Sub Division has issued permission to increase the price of stone from T.2200/- to T. to T.4000/- per tonne.
Shillong, July 11: The Full Gospel Ministry Secondary School, Nongspung, Nongspung, West Khasi Hills District, on Tuesday, July 5, 2013, has opened its Higher Secondary School. The school has Class XI and has also honored the students who have passed the SSLC examination
According to Bah Paul Lyngdoh, the newly created posts include one post of IT Supervisor, 10 posts of Call Operator, one post of Multipurpose Staff and two posts of Security Guard.
After the investigation, the members of the union informed the Umsning Police Outpost by phone and expected the law enforcement authorities to take the necessary action. However, after the police arrived at the scene, they sent these mynder to leave without any restrictions.
When contacted by SP News Agency, the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Bah T Lyngwa, said that the Coke factories have been operated without proper documents. close all those who do not have proper documents.
The Samla Shnong Umsawkhwan strongly opposes the arrest of Bah SW Rymbai and the allegation of corruption against him and the Umsawkhwan Dorbar Shnong. only for the purpose of glorification and publicity and this can also be a ploy for political gain.
We want to see the protest of MLAs to demand ILP not only in the Legislative Assembly but also on the streets.
Chyne called for the cooperation of all the MDCs and urged the MDCs to be quick to suggest the best.
The union questions whether the people who go to the bank to withdraw money need a karpass and also those who go to hospitals to get medicines need a karpass.
Shillong, Nailur 19: The KSU Nehu Unit today under the leadership of Shibaitlang Rymbai General Secretary submitted a letter to the Nodal Officer in charge of the free coaching class for the students. Schedule Caste to be held within NEHU. The union has written that the ST students should be given a share especially the Trai Ri Trai muluk students and therefore it will oppose the coaching class.
This move will encourage other Meitei rebel groups to join the peace process and pursue their demands in a manner in line with democracy and also promote the Modi Government's vision of a North Eastern Region. which is free from the works of righteousness, and which bringeth riches.
“If we want to have democracy not only in form, but in reality, what must we do? In my view, the first is that we must stick to constitutional practices to achieve social and economic goals.
He said that the land vendors must have an EPIC issued by the Election Department of the country, have documents proving that they are residents of Meghalaya for three years.
Speaking before the march, Bah Auguster Jyrwa, General Secretary of the Seng, said that this day on which Tirot Singh urged the people in 1829 to fight against the British Government, It is also a day that is still remembered to this day.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the DMHO, the FKJGP leaders said that the DMHO has already prepared for the opening of the Health Sub Center. After the recruitment of adequate staff for this sub Center.
The search operations in the forests and areas where police have received information about the presence of insurgents are still intense and this has prompted many insurgents to come forward to surrender.
Shillong, March 23: To relieve traffic jam in Shillong, the government has had to use its powers by improving the roads in some parts especially from Ketting Road to reach Bijoy area due to traffic jam in Khyndailad.
“The accusation against the KSU members by these poiei through the CWC shows that these people are conspiring against the KSU by misleading the people without proper evidence.
After the Knia ka khriam, the Union of Seng Kynthei honored the women who have been involved in the church and education since the beginning of the Union as well as the priests who are the Spiritual Directors of the Union. Different Zones.
Shillong, June 13: Assam Police have registered a case against three elderly men who were arrested from Sabuda village in Ri Bhoi District. he didn't answer.
Shillong, March 11: The Sirdar of Tyrna Elaka, Bah Donborwell Marbaniang, on Tuesday said that the Hima has decided to hold the two-day Tyrna Living Roots Festival 2018 on the 7th and 8th of November. to come.
According to information received at the time of writing, it is not clear how many houses have been damaged or injured in the earthquake. the falling of tree branches.
In collaboration with NARI Fresh, 1917iTEAMS has helped to distribute and deliver the Chief Minister's Quarantine Care Package to 22,375 households during the lockdown.
Therefore, the words in the MPSC Rules do not have any meaning.
This financial assistance in the form of cranes is given every year and so far 27,000 hectares of forests have been preserved. This is the work that the government has implemented to preserve the forests. in the state.
The President of HPF Tyrso Branch, Bah Lestar Mawlong, said that to verify the allegation that there was a withdrawal of T.200 tyngka from one Aadhaar card, he went to the Aadhaar to find out the truth. When he went, they asked for T.200 tyngka and he paid the money to find out the truth.
" said Mr. MH Dkhar.
According to sources, the problem is that they don't have a place to dump garbage because many of the places that have already been inspected have received many complaints from the villages. This has put the JMB in a difficult situation.
Others who attended the ceremony were Rev Pastor N Syiem, Head of Northeast Small Finance Bank.
On the same day, the BDO also launched an Election Literacy Club at the college.
Shillong, Nailar 20: The Khasi Hills Tourist Taxi Association (KHTTA) today awarded 13 tourist taxi drivers who have been in the industry for a long time.
Shillong, Naitung 22: While a public meeting was going on in Khanduli village, two cowboys were suddenly attacked by two cowboys. they wanted to kidnap the children and 20 cows.
Other speakers at the meeting were Bah S.Kharjana, President, Khasi Disability Association, Shillong who spoke on their rights under the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, Aid Counsel, DLSA, East Khasi Hills District, explained the rules and regulations relating to Ms. O. Sumer, from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. treatment either.
Shillong, Lber 09: The Tibetan community in Shillong tomorrow morning will celebrate the 54th National Uprising Day to fight against the Chinese invasion of Tibet.
This act and the damage to the vehicle of the journalists may be an attempt by the perpetrators to defame the group as a whole and CoSHO strongly condemns this incident.
“We have directed the SDPO and the OC to find out the people involved in posting these notices.
Speaking to one of the mothers who came to accompany these youths, she expressed her deep sorrow and said that in the villages there are still children. Youths aged 18 years old who are still in class 10 in this case have been a barrier to youths from the villages.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said that the training is for all levels and for all and therefore, the iGOTKarmayogi initiative has brought about order as it opens the door for all to receive training.
Six people have lost their lives and four bodies have been recovered so far when a jeep overturned in the Tihiang River in Warsan Lyngdoh area of ​​South West Khasi Hills District.
There have also been tragic incidents in this area which have resulted in the loss of lives, and the union does not want to see such incidents happening in this area.
As the leader of Mairang Sub-Division and West and Sub West Khasi Hills, he has been the leader of the HNYF Western Region. 10: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that 31 people have tested positive for COVID-1 164 cases in the state.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the CMD, Bah Mayralborn Syiem MLA of Nongpoh said that they congratulate the CMD for the efforts of MeECL to provide electricity to all the villages in the country. state and ensure that they have access to electricity.
In the past years, we cannot say that those leaders of the Hynniewtrep people and the state of Meghalaya have not been able to achieve their goals.
In order to remember the contribution of those three stars, Bah Tanbor Swer, you are a poet of traditional and modern Khasi songs.
About 6,800 athletes from across 37 teams (states and union territories) will take part in 20 sports programmes, including new sports – lawn bowls and cycling, at five venues across the country. Guwahati, in this tournament.
Taining Dkhar, Commissioner of District Council Affairs, Meghalaya, said that as of 7 pm today, the turnout in JHADC was 78.68%. by 60.28%.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: Oxygen generators have arrived at Nongpoh Civil Hospital, Ri Bhoi District today and preparations for the installation of them are in progress.
Police have strictly prohibited such slander against children instead of changing them. The police have strictly prohibited such slander against children.
He said that many of these advertisements in Barik have been a source of concern for the people.
Preparations are underway to broadcast the program in Ayodhya on big screens in public places in India and abroad.
The Director General of Police, Meghalaya, Dr. LR Bishnoi, has repeatedly said that the police department has taken the decision to fight against these drug traffickers in Meghalaya in collaboration with other states. to destroy this wickedness.
The chief guest was MDC Bah Fantin Lakadong, Rangbah Shnong and Secretary Village Council.
Speaking on the occasion, Lambor Malngiang said that the Assam border crossing will create distrust and urged the government to inform the Ministry of Home Affairs. The Central Government has said that the Government should set up the Meghalaya Regiment to deploy them on the border with Assam.
Marbud Dkhar President of FKJGP said that the purpose of holding this rally today in Mawlai area is to fight against drug abuse which is the biggest enemy of the youth.
The problem is that these promises of the government which has been running for 40 years have not been fulfilled till today.
On Bangladesh, he said the central government has already signed a soskular between the two countries and he hoped that they would be able to resolve it soon.
Shillong, March 01: Air Marshal Raghunath Nambiar, AVSM, VM & Bar today took over as the Chief Commander, Eastern Air Command (EAC) of the Indian Air Force. today.
This is a necessary program that brings together a variety of people involved in different activities such as the Global Stocktake, and areas related to economic and energy security in relation to Paris Agreed.
LPS.Evening Education Govt.
Shillong, Naitung 13: Chairman of the Khadi and Village Industries Commission (KVIC) Manoj Kumar today distributed light equipment to 20 students from Meghalaya. Teaching at Don Bosco Technical School, Shillong.
This happened after the HITO found that the Trading License was issued by the KHADC on the NOC issued by the Society of RR Colony which was not signed by the Rangbah Shnong. the Khasi.
The poet of Myllung's poetry; to the earth he shall proclaim and proclaim the name of the land.
On the other hand, the union urges the shopkeepers and factories to provide the necessary documents before bringing in foreign workers.
Our CEPA paves the way for start-ups to deliver their products and services to new markets and people, to new platforms and opportunities and provides new business models from for the acceleration and expansion of activities.
Tura, Lber 12: The Chiefs of Districts of Garo Hills today met with the Deputy Commissioners of the two districts of Assam, Dhubri and Goalpara to discuss how to work together at this time. Welcoming the DCs of Assam, Pravin Bakshi, Deputy Commissioner, Tura, said that there are 11 polling stations in Meghalaya where people have to vote. passes through the state of Assam.
More and more applications have been accepted for the COVID vaccination campaign and this has started from 3rd July
These donations were received by the Management of Bethany Hospital together with the Doctors of the Hospital.
The Aroma Mission has been able to produce up to 4 metric tonnes, which has contributed significantly to the operations of the factories related to these products.
The tournament was inaugurated on 25th November 2014 by KSU President Kongsan Jaian Sylliang in the presence of Rangbah Shnong Bah Dros Lyngdoh.
The Seng on this occasion has donated to 4 youngsters through the Shlem School of Martial Arts in Mawlai Iewrynghep.
Urging the people, u Bah Metbah said, “Due to the rapid spread of Coronavirus (CoVID 19), I appeal to the people to be vigilant against this disease and to Don't take sting on your lifestyle.
The main purpose of this meeting is to get to know the culture of other parts of the world and to bring about brotherhood and love.
Tura, Nailur 11: The Garo Hills State Movement Committee (GHSMC) today called an indefinite curfew across the Garo Hills to demand the release of 13 persons. members were arrested today.
Prof. Niaz Majumdar from the American International University, Dhaka, Bangladesh presented and spoke on the topic of art and creativity as tools of education entitled “Education through Arts and Aesthetics: Teaching the Philosophy of Rabindranath Tagore”.
Shillong, Naitung 13: The Director of NEIGRIHMS Hospital, Dr P Bhattacharya, on Tuesday said that they do not send their employees home without taking care of their health.
The union says that they should be in all aspects so that they can become the bright stars of this region in all aspects and at the same time the union congratulates those who have not yet reached the goal. minute pat in one year.
“Our wish is to implement the ILP immediately, a law which has strong provisions to curb the entry and exit of foreigners, but the government intends to pass a new law for the owner. “It's a good idea to protect the land owners and to protect the foreigners who live in the shops,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
In the land of corruption (violence, greed, violence, jealousy, partiality) and selfishness, a righteous person can be tempted and if he or she falls into righteousness and holiness, they may be tortured and killed.
He said that their ability to achieve victory as it is now is due to their hard work.
The HSPDP has sent a resolution to the appointment of the Chief Minister after the party sent a resolution saying that there are only two MLAs, so the party has decided to replace Bah Reniktone. of Mr. Samlin Malngiang.
–: means to read carefully by looking carefully at the words read in the text.
Shillong, June 15: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has expressed its regret over the mistreatment of the special days of the Khasi people such as the Shad Suk Mynsiem, Pomblang Nongkrem, Behdeinkhlam, Seng Kut Snem and The death anniversaries of King Tirot Singh, Woh Kiang Nangbah, Sngap Singh Syiem, King Wickliffe Syiem and Myllung Soso Tham in Meghalaya especially in the Bri U Hynniewtrep .
Regarding this issue, the party will inform the party leaders where they will discuss this issue with the Union Minister of Defence.
Two other ISP officers who have been promoted are Jerry FK Marak who will continue as Inspector General of Prisons, Shillong and Jubi G Momin who will continue as Superintendent of Police, Anti Infiltration Directorate. , Shillong.
On social media, Summersalt has expressed its efforts to preserve the culture of the people and the beauty of the environment of the Khasi Hills, by posting “The hills live in the fall of rain, the clouds in glory that meet in the middle of the sky and the blue mountains.
As a sign of condolences, the government has announced to provide assistance of Rs 4 lakh each to the relatives of the deceased.
The president of the Club Rtn Chiranjib Choudhury expressed his happiness to have this opportunity to plant trees around the area even though it has only 50 trees.
In a statement, the KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit said that Meghalaya needs peace and security first if the government really wants to develop tourism.
After a discussion which lasted for nearly three hours, the voice of many was as follows:-that the MGNREGA scheme is a scheme which has brought benefits and has transformed and improved the society. village.
The ruling Nepali Congress has opposed his arrest.
“Furthermore, we recommend to the Commission to recommend to the Government of India to assist the Autonomous District Councils in Meghalaya in financial and other assistance and to guide the enactment of the Autonomous District Councils. different laws," the organization added.
In 13-Mawryngkeng (ST) Assembly Constituency, the UDP has not nominated a candidate and in 47-Rajabala, although the UDP has nominated a candidate, the HSPDP has no candidate. The HSPDP wants to meet as the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) to discuss how to proceed in the mid-term elections to win the election. UDP from Mawphlang and this support is to show that the HSPDP wants the unity of the ethnic parties.
From 1891 to 1946, this work of observing the environment continued until before the independence of India. Between 1947 and 1959 was the era of radar and observation. The floods from 1960 to 1970 were the era of satellites.
He said that the expenditure for the construction of the Center was provided through the Ministry of Tribal Affairs of the Union Government.
“The KHADC has also approved the issuance of the notice by the Hima Mylliem,” said Bah Pynïaid. “The Refugee Rehabilitation Colony has also been approved under the name Them Rynjah.
A zero tolerance policy on corruption should also be introduced in the State.
The erection of the monument at Thad is to commemorate the elders of Ri Bhoi who contributed and took part in the struggle for the independence of the state. the fighters for their own state.
Police recovered three soap boxes containing 37.28 grams of heroin and a mobile phone from the body of Aiyesha Khatoon.
Therefore, it was found that the practice of burning forests has severely affected the environment which produces pollution and damages vegetation, forests, and poses a threat. also to the people and the representatives of the people,” said the DC in the order.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Roshan Warjri was also present.
The distribution of lights to more than 800 poor families was held at St Joseph's School Pynthorumkhrah in the presence of Bah PN Syiem, CEM of KHADC as the chief guest. and the people of the village who witnessed this day.
He said that even there is a shortage of teachers and these training centers have not been properly maintained in the last few years.
Bah PN Syiem said that the KHADC is ready to deposit the money to the PWD, but it is wrong to force among them because in the end the loss and problem is the people.
It is necessary for the citizens to be healthy for India so that they can know its competitiveness on the world stage- they are the citizens.
All persons involved in the recruitment process from questioners, questionnaire judges and interviewers should inform and disclose their and their family members' circumstances before they shall take up the post and thereafter for about 5 years after the completion of the appointment.
Customs have seized the truck and registered a case under the NDPS Act,
Shillong, Jan 31: BSF troops have arrested a man of ULFA and NDFB while he was trying to enter Bangladesh on a bike. thuh and India.
Hame Shaniah reached the quarterfinals and lost to World No 2 Radulov Borislav of Bulgaria.
He said the Government has identified many sites in the city, including the site opposite the Secretariat which will be used as a parking lot.
When asked whether these robbers are from Assam, Hazarika said, “The robbers are robbers, we cannot say whether they are from Assam or Meghalaya and we can say that they are not. but the people of Assam have a close relationship with the people of Meghalaya and I believe that the people of Meghalaya too I have a love for the people of Assam”.
On the allegations against the EC, the CEM said that the MOU signed between UCIL and KHADC will be canceled by the House and the NOC issued to UCIL. On the KHFC, he said that the letter is in the office and on the visit to the Dimas group, there will be nothing to stop the CEM. “We have decided to make the Council too strong, don't make the District Council an agency,” he said.
On the other hand, the music lovers have alleged that the conductors are not right.
Shillong, Naitung 25: During the visit of the Minister of Home Affairs from Sohra today, some youths who are members of the KSU carried placards and houses on the streets to express their demand that the state you need an Inner Line Permit.
He said many of the DPSPs such as panchayats, cooperatives and Right to Education have been amended into laws, and it is time to implement Article 44 of the Constitution.
About 150 to 200 trucks carrying coal from the area have left for Bangladesh.
This training is not only to make people understand the job but also to make the youth who have the desire to work in this job as one of the job opportunities in the North East. We are from the state and especially from Meghalaya.
The most distinctive feature of the Constitution of India is that it has principles that are relevant to any time with a solid foundation.
In his welcoming remarks, RK Mishra, Commandant in charge of STC BSF, welcomed the chief guest and all those who came to attend this memorable day. The Deputy Commandant, Virendra Kajala, said that they have taken the oath to judge the country.
In the meeting with the Acting DM & HO of the district, the union found many shortcomings in the work of the hospital in providing services to the people due to the lack of doctors. The CHC has been attached to the 100 Bedded Hospital which has already been built but has not been opened and fully operational yet. today today.
“The women of Meghalaya have revived the farming industry and the hardworking farmers are strengthening the reputation of Meghalaya as a strong state in organic farming,” he said.
Prestone congratulated the MLA of the area for bringing this issue to the House and said that he has called for a discussion with the NAHAI officials on the issue. this bad you have a thorough investigation.
Khweng, Nailar 20: The traditional custom of throwing doh kha and khwai doh kha was held today at Khweng village in Ri Bhoi District. The participants were women and men.
There is only one CHC in Ranikor and two PHCs are not working.
On the other hand, the President of the Syndai Unit urged the state government to recognize the athletes of the state who have represented the state in major tournaments and the government should provide assistance to them so that they can improve their skills. more and more of their games.
The meeting was conducted by the Working President of the Khliehriat Block Congress Committee, Ma Thynda Sana.
Regarding the maintenance of the Sub Stations, MeECL will now hand over to the companies to repair the works. MeECL will no longer do the work. who have worked will arrive if assigned to companies.
In her speech, the Secretary said that the North East is unique because of its beauty and tourism resources.
Regarding the allegation that NEIGHRIMS is not just, the Director invited the Union Health Minister to come and see for himself and he is ready to lead the Union Minister to show he went to the hospital.
The Prime Minister posted on X: “On World Sickle Cell Day, let us reaffirm our commitment to fight this disease.
We understand the difference when we say 'meirad' and 'meikha' or the difference between 'mama' and 'pasan'
However, there are still young people who don't expect much from Government jobs, but are looking for other ways to earn a living.
The KJNU has decided to give its full support to the JHTOA. On the violence of the dewbilat factories and the violation of the right of income of the indigenous truck owners.
Deputy Inspector General of Police (Eastern Range) Davis NR Marak said that no arrest has been made against the members of the group so far.
On the ambulance, he said that this will be of assistance to the needy residents.
After the resolution of these issues, they will be sent to Parliament and this is the beginning and this will bring about mutual trust between the two states and on the installation of plastic stones. send them away.
Enlang Sawian, Secretary Education Cell, HYC, said:
Speaking on Meghalaya, where land plots are far apart, the Minister requested the state government to prepare a policy to issue property cards to the residents.
He said that the cooperation of all the villages along the highway is needed.
Before the start of the tournament, the Minister in charge of Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh congratulated the two teams, in the presence of Bah DP Wahlang Principal Secretary, IGP. AR Mawthoh, Director of Sports, Wanri Booth and President of MFA Larsing Ming Sawyan.
“If the NHAI and the Meghalaya government do not listen to us this time too, we and the people of East Jaintia Hills will continue our protests,” said the statement. 5 cents.
Shaliban L Mawlong 6th, position, Zoology 84.88%.
The meeting will be held on the 10th and will end on 17th November
Many of these were released from Pakistan as false information (as in the case of the Naya Pakistan Group) against India and therefore it was necessary to take steps to block them. .
The death toll from West Jaintia Hills District has risen to 1475, with the highest number of deaths from East Khasi Hills District .
At this meeting, Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Legislative Assembly of Khasi Hills, and Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States, informed the Chief Executive Members about his appointment as one of the members of the Advisory Committee. The Committee on Legal Issues (KHADC) was appointed for the first time by Bah PN Syiem, Chairman, KHADC. which decided to set the Agenda IOA & AA to consider these four provisions of the Constitution and at the same time to consider the provisions of para 3(lai) of the Sixth Schedule, and he asked the Chief Executive Members for their opinion on the matter.
The money that was paid was ordered to be paid to the lanot.
He said the NLU has set a goal for legal education by introducing subjects like Data Science and Artificial Intelligence in the curriculum.
These medals are those that can be used to clean the drinking water in their homes. The meeting said that he will donate T.50 lakh tyngka in these days from the MP scheme in the coming days. .
The purpose of the meeting was to discuss the suspension of the State Government's introduction of three bills, the Constitution of the Khasi Traditional Chiefs Bill. , was approved by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council on 26 March
India currently ranks 2nd in fish farm production, 3rd in fish production, and 4th in fish and fish products exports.
As part of the celebration of the 25th Anniversary of the Seng Kur Warjri, the Khasi New Year was also celebrated according to the lunar calendar. He urged the people to become educated, educated and earn their rights by pointing out that education is essential for the future of the nation in all aspects.
This has destroyed the trust of the people and the villages are sorry that this has happened, in fact if it goes in the right direction, if it is necessary to arrest a person arrest a person, but nothing. to destroy the life of a man within his own household.
The residents have questioned why the Meghalaya government or the Cantonment cannot improve this road which is only one kilometer from the main road but no one has looked after the parking of vehicles. logn at a high price.
After the alliance with the HSPDP and the GNC in Garo Hills, the HSPDP has announced its candidates for the MLA elections from 13 constituencies and the UDP will now take a decision. to announce the party candidates.
The party urges all our leaders to visit or go out to the villages so that they can see with their own eyes how much people need assistance.
Shillong, Naitung 15: Special ballot papers for MLAs to write down their candidacy for the post of President of India on Monday have arrived in Shillong and have been placed in a special room. The box for filling up the ballot papers has also arrived in Shillong.
Bikram D Marak MPS, SP of West Jaintia Hills District, has been dismissed and appointed as SP of West Jaintia Hills District. and this shall take effect from the date of assumption of office.
Samla Vincent Makri, General Secretary of the district, said that the party cannot be ashamed to see our fellow citizens suffering after suffering such tragic incidents. Therefore, the organization takes this opportunity to serve our fellow human beings as one of the services to God.
As the leader of the KSU, Samla Jaian said that these water tanks have been idle for many years since the NHAI came to work to improve the highway. residents who need access to clean drinking water.
Articles 9 and 10 of the Consolidated Guidelines state that no religious meetings shall be held without any exemption and all meetings in villages, religious gatherings and public gatherings shall be prohibited.
These duties are important for all the people of the country to develop India into a developed country when it celebrates 100 years of independence. advanced nations concerned only with rights.
The Government of Meghalaya has taken a firm stand to introduce a Zero Tolerance Policy against illegal collection of money by Toll/Check Gates or extortion from trucks passing through National Highways and State Highways. and the Major District Roads of East Khasi Hills,” said Sadhu.
The names of the candidates are War East, Bah Lambok Sumer.
The number of confirmed cases of COVID-19 in the state has risen to 56, the number of recoveries has risen to 43 and 12 are undergoing treatment.
As a result of this protest, there has been a mutual complaint between the Secretary of the Executive and also on the part of the employees under the umbrella of NGEA.
The incident in Uri is due to the support of Pakistan, the whole world now knows, as a party wants all the people of India to condemn these actions of Pakistan because of the loss it is so that it cannot be changed again.
They were rewarded with mementos.
On the other hand, the village welcomed all the staff of Bethany Hospital including Dr Kyntiewlang Sanmiet, Dr Pyntylilang Sanmiet and Ianiewkorlang Shylla.
Speaking on the occasion, the Governor recalled that the Constitution of India was adopted on this day in 1950 and to ensure rights, freedom, equality, to promote to promote unity, mutual respect and to promote the unity of one country.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The Meghalaya government has no information on the number of companies that have come to the state to collect money from the people.
The aspirations of the people will be fulfilled with this initiative and Minister Mattithaw and Deiriti welcomed the aspirations of the people especially the suggestions of the civil society organizations in the state.
The education system in these schools will be experiment-based, holistic, integrated, game-based, encouraging children's inquiry, monitoring learning acquisition, independent and wonderful.
Bless Dkhar said that the construction of new buildings in Them Iew Mawlong is illegal as the area is still under the jurisdiction of the Meghalaya High Court.
Later in the final of the lightweight 57-60kg category, Services defeated Railways through Akash who defeated Varinder Singh.
Those who took part in the expression of grief on the passing away of the leaders of India were the Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma. He is a different person because he is a public leader and at the same time he is a religious preacher.
On this occasion, the Minister of PWD said that he will inspect the road together with the MLA of the area, Bah Embhah Syiemlieh and after that the government will decide what can be done for it. this place to avoid injuries.
We must remember that the Seng Kur or Dorbar Kur has a great position as 'Sorkar' as one of the '' until we elect and send the 'Myntri Korbar Ri' to take part in the Khadar Government and The Constitution of the Kur should be expedited to be drafted through the District Council authorities. For example, the Constitution of the Kur should be drafted through the District Council. “The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council Dorbar Kur Rynjah Administration and Constitution Bill/ Act 2014”.
He said that the problem is that in the last election, many of the residents in these areas did not have enough understanding regarding the election.
Replying to a question by Grace M Kharpuri on the professional tax, the EM in charge of the department, Ricky Shullai, said that the collection from this tax has reached T. 7.99 crore.
Then, the Archbishop handed over the dulir sealed by Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh and the signature of the dulir.
Speaking to media after the election of Dr WR Kharlukhi as president of the NPP Meghalaya State Unit, he said that this sudden change in the currency will affect but it will be temporary. in the future the people will benefit greatly.
“We need to work together as one voice as one community to force the government not to call for talks but to completely cancel the construction of the road in Bynrihat,” said Bah Anthony.
Referring to the offices around the Khasi Hills, they have been affected because many of the office workers do not have their own vehicles to go to their workplaces. Shillong has also been affected.
Shillong, Nailar, 13: The General Secretary of the National League for Democracy (NLC) today, Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw, in a statement sent to the media, said that the party expresses its deep sorrow and grief. on the murder of Bah Che.
This is to inconvenience the people and the government employees who are doing their job.
The union led by General Secretary Bah KS Suchiang, Asst GS Pynshai Kupar Dkhar has lodged a complaint with the Director General of Police (DGP) to take action to relocate these BSF personnel from Sonapyrdi and BSF. They are located on the NH-6 on the border of Dona Umbluh and Ratachera villages.
From Anjaw, Arunachal Pradesh to DevbhumiDwaraka in the western coasts of Gujarat, to the high mountains of Ladakh and the Andaman Seas, the Viksit Bharat SankalpYatra has now covered all regions, reaching villages are built in the rural areas of the country.
The MPs also informed the Committee that the citizenship in the Hima Khasi States is unique because there are many levels of citizenship.
Basil Lyngdoh, spokesperson of the party, said that during the meeting, the minister told the members of the party, “As she has just taken over this post, she will have to look into it. before the papers".
The most common writings are the poems written by Skhemlang Hynniewta, Revaldo Mawlong and Mewan Tham.
The President of the KSU said that out of the 62 candidates, the KSU has found that 13 candidates do not have even a voter ID card. to implement the ILP in Meghalaya.
Kharshiing said that at this juncture, the police department will ensure that the recruitment process will be in a transparent manner and there will be no cheating in the examination.
The Minister said that he hopes that many of the students who study in colleges funded by the state government, or those who receive assistance from the state government and those run by the private sector will be able to study. apply to the same college without writing the CUET exam.
I mean, it's a song that's not spanish and it's not covered so that it doesn't appear outside.
However, the government has tried to bury the secret of the trade and illegal mining of coal, said the Secretary of HITO. Shillong, November 08: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Titosstarwell Chyne on Tuesday said that the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) does not accept the government's announcement to enforce the Civil Procedure Rules. Code (CPC) and Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC) 1908 to all areas of District Councils in the State.
Three cases from East Khasi Hills District and two cases from Ri Bhoi District have been tested positive for COVID-19, bringing the total number of cases to 92826, the number of recoveries to 92228 and the death toll to
Both the teams played well but in the second half, Shillong Lajong FC scored a goal to win the title.
: A former member of the United Achik Liberation Army (UALA) and two others involved in reinforcing the illegally registered Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) have been arrested by the Police.
Shillong, Nailur 02: U Bah Manbha Sing Kharkongor, CSO, of NEIGRIHMS has lodged a complaint with the State Police alleging that some unidentified persons have misused the website of the hospital. The CSO of NEIGRIHMS has lodged a complaint with the police on Saturday 01/09/2 Police have taken notice of the incident for further investigation.
The BAC members are Prestone Tynsong, Minister in charge of Parliamentary Affairs, Opposition Leader RV Lyngdoh, Charles Pyngrope MLA from the TMC, Lahkmen Rymbui from the UDP. Lamphrang of the House is the Chairman of the Committee.
Modi said he was pleased that the budget has addressed the development needs of the eastern states, the North East and Ladakh.
“FKJGP Rambrai President Bah Jistarland Lyngkhoi said that while the tender has not been called, we request you to improve the road so that the people of the area will not suffer in coming and going,” said Bah Jistarland Lyngkhoi President FKJGP Rambrai. circle.
Shillong, Nailar 22: Former Home Minister RG Lyngdoh while speaking as the chief guest at the annual meeting of the Khasi Jaintia Deficit School Teachers Association (KJDSTA) He said the time has come for the government to respect teachers like China and European countries.
He also praised the spirit of involvement, responsibility and dedication in which every citizen has contributed in this effort, whether it is in compliance with the social distancing, the curfew. public or curfew.
Introduction to quality education and multi-component teaching methods.
The festival is organized by the Assam government to attract people from all over the world to visit Assam.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Umsning Circle led by its President Samla Lester Nongbet has met and handed over a letter to the Manager of the State Bank of India, Umsning Branch regarding the malfunctioning of ATMs. The SBI Umsning Branch has taken this step after finding out that the SBI Umsning Branch has 260 villages and 260 villages. number of residents.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 28:The Thangkhiew Kur from the opposition today left for the office of the Syiem of Mylliem at Mawkhar. However, until about 4:30 pm, neither of the Syiems met with the Syiem.
There are 5 recoveries from East Garo Hills, 1 from East Garo Hills, 1 from East Khasi Hills and 1 from West Garo Hills. 92164 people.
These E-cigarettes have been sold in the U.S. since 2007 but in recent years the income for users has been reduced by the use of adolescents and those in their teens. age.
What we celebrate as independence is a sign of the surrender of 'Sengol'
Speaking to media, Hek said that a meeting has been called with the management of NEIGRIHMS today and it has been decided that they should resolve the strike of the Cardiology doctors so that it will not affect the people of NEIGRIHMS. to the sick.
Risingbor Kurkalangu is a famous musician who makes traditional musical instruments and is also a skilled musician.
Shillong, Iaiong 24: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that no new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed.
“The Sixth Schedule only talks about customs and traditions, the protection of land but it does not talk about the entry of foreigners.
On 9th November 2022, a complaint was received that a Pulsar Bike had been stolen from Laitsohpliah village in Sohra.
In this regard, it was clarified that the hospital is currently installing gas manifold systems in the Pediatric Intensive Care Unit (PICU) and Pediatric Ward which can last for about 7 (nine) days. to complete.
We need the Dorbar Shnongs to support the Government and we will be able to provide assistance to the youth who have become addicted to drugs,” said the Minister of Social Welfare.
m until 5:00 p.m.
The vehicle will travel around the country to conduct awareness and provide medical treatment to the people of the state.
Speaking to the villagers of Balat, SP News Agency said that these houses have been flooded one after another and the residents have been evacuated. The village is now not far from the river, it is only about 20 meters away.
Jerry FK Marak, IPS, Shillong has been transferred to the post of Commandant, 2nd MLP Bn, Goeragre, Tura in place of Bah Bashanborlang J. Laloo, MPS. Commander of SF-10, Shillong.
There are more than 100 applications across the state.
As good people we need to have the full light and not to remain in darkness.
Speaking to SP News Agency by phone from Delhi, Dr Mawthoh said that during the meeting, the President and the Home Minister have accepted the complaint of the UDP. They demanded that an inquiry should be conducted into the allegation that there is a link between the insurgents and political party leaders to find out the truth.
Out of the 24 MLAs who attended the meeting, 15 out of 24 MLAs attended the meeting. The most prominent were James K Sangma (NCP), Clifford Marak (GNC), Saleng A Sangma, Deborah CH Marak, Roshan Warjri as Minister of Home Affairs.
Because traders without farmers cannot run their business as well as farmers without traders.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: Speaking to reporters at a meeting held at Shillong Press Club today, the President of the Goalpara District Truck Owners Association (GDTOA) Raizuddin Ahmed said that the truck owners' association (GDTOA) The whole country does not support the decision to ban the movement of coal trucks and oil trucks by Abul Kalam Hussain, who has just become President along with his colleagues.
At present, the population of the state is 29,64,007, according to the 2011 census, an increase of 27.82% since
I don't want this jaiñkyrshah which is the honor and dignity of our Khasi women to be a jaiñkyrshah which is the jaiñkyrshah of the khar poiei for a day.
New Delhi, July 24: The election for the Speaker of the 18th Lok Sabha will be held on Tuesday, July 26, 2024, according to a statement from the Lok Sabha.
The UAE alone is allowed to participate in activities related to the availability of petroleum resources in India.
We on behalf of the union ask the police department whether when you have arrested the stolen vehicles, will you use them yourself? Or will you have to send it to the authorities and also to the court for action? If the government does not take care of such a police chief, the time will come when even the law enforcement officers will turn into thieves and this will cause problems to the people.
From the time of his studies until the last days of Dr. Andreas, Dr. Mukul said that their friendship was very close and whenever he wanted to know about his health. Your first health care should be called by Dr.Andreas.
The annual meeting was organized by the Meghalaya Koch Association and this is the 53rd meeting of the Koch Association.
The CAG report states that these dewbilat companies operating without the approval of the Central Government include M/S Star Cement, M/S Topcem, M/S Taj Cement, M/S Best Cement, M/S Best Cement, M/S Best Cement, M/s S Green Valley Industries (P) Ltd, M/S Amrit Cement Industries Ltd, M/S Adhunik Cement Ltd and M/S Goldstone Cement Ltd, Green Valley Industries Ltd, Hill Cement Company Ltd, “In these five factories dewbilat, NERO officers have found that many of the certificates issued by the authorities at various levels, do not have a detailed explanation regarding the size of the land. “There is not a single project that has received a forest clearance certificate even though they are in the middle of the forest areas,” said the CAG report. The MoEF on July 29, 2003 to the Principal Secretaries of all the States and Union Territories, has outlined their duties in relation to the order of the Supreme Court issued in 12 November, 2002.
In this regard, the Seng has demanded that NEHU should admit these students to continue their studies from the current semester or to admit them from the beginning.
Shillong, Nailur 19: In preparation for the mid-term elections in Shella Constituency, Sohra Civil Sub-Division, Bah FR Kharkongor today held a meeting in Sohra. .
Hame Shaniah Suiam from Meghalaya won the gold medal in the 57 kilo weight category and the silver medal in the 63 kilo weight category.
On the other hand, the DC praised the villagers for the idea that the country needs unity.
“I am happy that you have not been involved in wrongdoing and have passed well,” said the chief guest to the students.
The Leader of the Opposition wanted to know whether the three-day session will be held in the Special Session or in any way because there are no questions in the Special Session. get lat to ask questions.
Shillong, Nailur 25: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today held a protest near the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District to protest against the deterioration of the National Highway. -6.
In her speech, the President said she wants the projects related to health, education, railways, road construction, petroleum and women's empowerment to be completed. the days shall be orderly.
There will be a special game to entertain the children.
Shillong, July 10: The Umroh Sports Club has opened its 5th Aside Football Tournament in the past few days.
“Poverty has declined since 2004 by 2.5% over the past 10 years.
The party has also decided to seek the documents through the Syiemships, Elaka and District Councils and they will go to Delhi to talk and request the Central Government to help them. resolve this issue in relation to the illegal border crossing in the border areas.
The meeting was attended by the Nurses and Doctors of the Hospital as well as the Village Leaders of the villages from the city and surrounding areas.
The program was inaugurated by the President of India, Droupadi Murmuha and was led by the Minister of DoNER, G. Kishan Reddy.
The price of ring lights for household users is T.60/- tyngka per kilowatt meter. MeECL has taken over the responsibility for its operation.
This shows that Mukroh was not sent to Assam.
The second phase is to look into the collection of revenue collected by the States from the Central Budget which is payable to the State Governments under Article 275 of the Constitution of the United States. India shall not be allowed to comply with the rules and regulations.
Regarding the Citizenship Amendment Act 2019, the party is against it and as of now the matter is in the hands of the Supreme Court of India and what has been decided by the Supreme Court of India The UDP party welcomes you.
At 2 pm, the rally started at the party headquarters in Mawkhar where a prayer was offered by Bah KSR Syiemlieh, one of the leaders of the party. They are the ones who came to this day.
Any acts that cannot be scientifically proven cannot be accepted by the law.
The MLAs' donation of this money is to donate to MACS to conduct training on how to prevent AIDS. This disease is dangerous and we must fight how to prevent it from spreading. .
Those who are still weak in thinking, money, equipment, forty kinds of propaganda will still be deceived by the candidate's people especially his internal agents.
Those who violate or misuse that law may be punished.
The meeting was attended by the Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs, Bah Shakliar Warjri, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, the Director of Sports. and Youth Affairs by Kong Isawanda Laloo and others.
Relatives who arrived at Sonapani confirmed that the body belonged to Bah Shanbor Surong.
They also urged all the Khasi in Bangalore to be united and ready to help their fellow Khasi in any case.
This was stated by Forwardman Nongrem, President KSU South West Khasi Hills District.
The committee has started its inspection at Ganesh Das Shillong, Ialong Civil Hospital in Jowai, Community Health Center in Resubelpara and Public Health Center in Songsak in Garo Hills.
Donboklang Kharlyngdoh said the demand for dismissal is not for all those who were present that night but only for the two policemen, the Superintendent of Police East Jaintia Hills and the SP City. don't just paint.
Therefore, the Assam police strongly condemn the actions of the Assam police and demand the immediate withdrawal of the police from Umlaper village to restore peace and order although the incident is still raging.
The projects to be implemented through this NESIDS scheme will not only improve education, but will also create employment opportunities for the youth of this area and this will be one of the development projects of this area and region.
Dr Mukul said that it was Dr. Andreas who encouraged him to enter politics.
If we say that we are against Railways because it will encourage foreigners to enter our state, it is not a law that can prevent the entry of foreigners. Exit Point and work is not the cure for the INFLUX of the Hynniewtrep people.
The opening of this Police Station will help in providing peace and stability to the people of South West Khasi Hills District. the prevalence of evil deeds.
The State Government will now send the schemes to the Central Government to keep pace with the present era, the Chief Minister said while laying the foundation stone for the school. Union Minister of State for Fashion Industry Dr Kavuru Sambasiva Rao was the chief guest.
“We the students of Himalayan Pharmacy Institute and Sikkim Manipal Institute of Technology also express our gratitude and thanks to the State Government for making it easier for us from Sikkim to provide vehicles from Sikkim to Siliguri. and from Siliguri to Shillong.
Five teams are still fighting for the championship.
Other members of the House who took part in the question were Nahim D Shira, Bah Embhah Syiemlieh and Paul Lyngdoh.
To reduce pending cases related to rape and the POCSO Act.
According to the Director of Health Services, most of those who tested positive for COVID-19 were in close contact with those who were infected with COVID-1
Jymmang 17: The Civil Society Women's Organization (CSWO) today expressed its shock that a video has been released to the media showing that GNLA militants have killed a man. that he was blindfolded is old and happened a year ago.
The Government has increased the MSP for Kharif produce for the 2024-25 marketing season, to ensure that farmers get a fair price for their produce.
Employees of the bank, especially the Cashier, said that the MCAB Mawsynram Branch has reached more than 70,000 depositors from Tyrsad to Ranikor C&RD Block, including Job Card Holders who have been employed. through MGNREGA of various VECs of Mawsynram C&RD Block.
Police have registered a UD case at Umiam Police Station on 26th June, 2024 and the investigation is ongoing.
This is shocking and I have shown the video to the relevant authorities.
A total of 398 Rangiakura from 37 States, Union Territories and Sports Boards participated in the tournament.
According to the complaint of the Union, the illegal employment and free employment of foreigners in Byrnihat, EPIP, 13 Mile and the entire Raid Marwet in Ribhoi District, Shallang village in Ichamati, Kalibari, Majai and all the border villages of South West Khasi Hills district, Borsora, Cherragoan and Bagli, which fall under the West Khasi Hills.
He said the government has already looked into it.
The parties in Garo Hills have different bases compared to other parties in the Northeast.
Shillong, Nailar 30: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District Unit (KSU) will hold the Maitshaphrang Academic Award 2016; for the Khasi students who have passed their examinations.
Shillong, June 13: The Chief Election Officer of the Meghalaya Government of Meghalaya, Bah Fredric F Kharkongor, on Tuesday said that the government will take a decision to punish those who violate the Model Code of Conduct. you are the Returning Officer.
On receiving this information, the fire brigade rushed to the scene to extinguish the blaze and to protect the surrounding households from being burnt down. There is nothing wrong with the petrol pump.
He also emphasized that the signs can be seen through the upbringing and care of parents in the best way and the education of children through education that brings happiness to children, and to add to this by providing nutritious food and education in many things that will build up the minds of the children.
The union requests the church and village authorities to cooperate on this issue for the sake of the entire community.
The Dorbar Shnongs are the stronghold to prevent foreigners from entering the Electoral Roll and once a foreigner has entered the Electoral Roll, we will be defeated by them in the rule of law and without doubt in one election. Foreigners shall be allowed to sit inside the Secretariat for 10 days.
The victory of the 5Meghalaya Games, 2024 is a testimony to the growth of sports and physical activity that awaits the bright future of the state.
The Union Home Minister said that the Union Government will respect only those states which still respect themselves and those which still want to protect themselves from the infiltration of foreigners , those states which the Syntur is against CAB while the BJP has not yet implemented the CAB in those states.
Police in East Khasi Hills District have raided the Meghalaya High Court after receiving an email threatening to plant a bomb inside the court in the heart of Shillong.
At a meeting held in Jowai yesterday with the participation of NEET students, parents together with leaders of JSU and KSU from West Jaintia Hills District Unit, the government has strongly condemned the government. state because they have said that other states like Telangana.
Amberlight Masharing, Secretary of the Raid, said that the Raid welcomes the introduction of the MeECL to pay the light bill at the site.
There are streams, small valleys to get a delicious lunch.
Shillong, Nailar 20: Speaking at the launch of a book by Prof SS Majaw entitled "John Bird Shadwell" Speaking at a meeting at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar, he said that the current policies of the government do not help to strengthen the Khasi language.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Fredric R Kharkongor, said that instead of installing the wires for the MP, they have installed the polling station. Two polling stations have been installed at the polling station. There are 612 voters at this polling station, who have cast their votes in one polling station. There are 688 MPs and 674 MLAs.
In 2022, she was nominated for the Doha Film Institute Post-Production Fund Award.
“We all know that there are many famous marathons in the world, our dream is to develop the Sohra Marathon so that one day it will become like the Boston Marathon which will attract at least 100 marathons. forty thousand men were present.
Regarding the Police Stations, the implementation of computers will be strengthened, ambulances will be installed to monitor traffic in East Khasi Hill and 60 bikes will be purchased. sted the implementation.
Geography 76.25%.
There are 199 recoveries, 176 from East Khasi Hills, 8 from West Garo Hills, 6 from West Khasi Hills, 5 from Ri Bhoi, 2 from West Jaintia Hills and 2 from South West Khasi Hills.
It is expected to be completed by the end of
Shillong, November 15: The Additional Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District has met with the Additional Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District to discuss the pending results of the recruitment process which has not been released since the end of the year. 2020.
The allegation against the BSF troops is baseless and baseless,” said the statement.
Other speakers were Adilbert Nongrum and Morningstar Sumer.
The office bearers of the organization Mawkynjoin are Eklen Nongsiej as President, Michelson Shangpliang as Vice President, Fullesstone Nongsiej as Secretary and other office bearers.
Police recovered 2.10 grams of heroin, 8 Nitrazepam pills, two Spasmo Proxyvon (SP) pills, 10 injection needles and 6 mobile phones. , a knife, T.9,710, a Scooty number ML05 R 8293 which was found near the scene used by one of the drug traffickers, 10 tins of tobacco, 66 grams of heroin and a damaged mobile phone.
There are nine MDCs from the Congress, two from the PDF, two from the NPP and three independent members.
Under the leadership of the Congress party, the state has no money left, the PWD has not paid the bill of the contractor has reached nearly T.500 crore and many of the contractors are no longer working, said many other government departments. that they too face the same problem of not having money.
Shillong, November 02: The BSF troops on the border with Bangladesh in Meghalaya have been working hard to curb smuggling on the border and the arrest of cow smugglers from time to time has led to the arrest of cow smugglers. BSF to strengthen patrolling on the border with Bangladesh.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The Indian Air Force (IAF) today used helicopters to rescue people stranded on the island of Jampani. The Siang River is located in the state of Arunachal Pradesh.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the KHADC authorities, Samla Forwardman Nongrem President of the KSU in charge of SWKH District, said that the KSU will ensure that the BSF troops should not be allowed to enter the area. SWKH District.
Shillong, Nailur 05: MeECL has released the list of 772 candidates who have passed the examination for the post of Jugali, after a delay of more than five years. .
Shillong, Nailar 07: The Cabinet meeting held today has decided to issue a license to IMFL liquor outlets to deliver liquor to homes and the license fee will be T.50,000/- per annum.
The exact loss caused by this damage has not been estimated.
The KSU welcomed the Meghalaya football team from Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj International Airport, Mumbai and in the state from Byrnihat.
The issue of empowering women should no longer be discussed because as it is now, India is a country that has always respected and honored women through many. Many centuries ago, the customs and traditions of women were highly respected.
Speaking to reporters, Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, Davis NR Marak, said that the police have been following these people for a long time and on Monday night they were given the authority to arrest them. they shall destroy their dwelling places.
If the Commission does not receive a reply from the club within the stipulated time, the Commission shall exercise its powers under Article 338A of the Constitution. in the Civil Court that the commission may summon the management of the club to leave by the appropriate person or persons.
You have been involved and have seen with your own eyes the steps taken in the country to curb the spread of this disease in comparison to other countries.
The Chief Minister said that Atul has been a Minister in the State Government and as a Minister he has served the people of the State with responsibility and humility during his tenure as a Leader of the People. .
Shillong, Lber 07: Air Marshal RD Mathur, AVSM, VSM of Eastern Air Command, today met with Tathagata Roy, Governor of Meghalaya at Raj Bhavan today after assuming office as Head of Air Command. Eastern Air Command in Shillong.
MeDUNET cannot accept the report of the 11-member investigation team and demands the appointment of an independent commission of inquiry to find out the truth about the work of VHAM. don't go to Jowai.
John F Kharshiing, who was the only ticket applicant in his speech, said that if the people allow him to appear as an MLA in the Assembly, some of the things he intends to bring to the House will be Assembly is how to bring about discussions inside the Assembly to discuss with the three Government authorities namely the District Council, the State Government and especially the Government of India, to enact a law on Youth Organisations, Seng Longkmie, Kur Dorbar, Shnong Dorbar, Raid and Hima Dorbar, to be reflected in the Constitution of India in accordance with the IOA and AA of the Khasi States.
On the other hand, the CSWO has urged the Governor not to interfere in this issue and why the MLA has been allowed to contest the MDC election because both these posts have been paid from the money. public.
“However, the report we have received from the Dy.SP is that there is no more.
This is the first time in India that the Election Commission of India has prepared a special for MLAs and MPs to use the khulom provided by the Election Commission of India. India in which they write the name of the candidate they wish to elect as the President of the country.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Joint Director of MBSOE, Bah M Marbaniang, said that the results will be announced on 13/6/2 Regarding the announcement of the results of SSLC and HSLC Arts, the MBOSE has announced today that the results will be released on 10/6/1 2022 at 10.00 pm on that day.
Prominent women in the judiciary and prominent men in commerce.
He stressed on the need to integrate weather, rain and flood warning apps developed by various departments so that the benefits reach the people.
Speaking to reporters in front of the Secretariat, Mayborn said that they have written to the Chief Minister on the 1st of this month that they want to meet with the Chief Minister but till today they have not seen him. This is why they will stand in front of the Secretariat.
This family of Ngunraw Village is the family of Mrasidora Thongni who has about 8 children including a six month old child.
Speaking on the occasion, the leaders of the party said that this donation is too small compared to the daily needs.
There are 42 cases in East Khasi Hills, 30 cases in East Khasi Hills, 8 cases in Ri Bhoi and 4 cases in West Garo Hills. There were 92542 deaths and 1595 deaths.
The Mawkhar Samla Seng found Tsering through a Facebook post by Eldora Lyngdoh where she expressed her willingness to help young people who have become addicted to drugs.
The order was issued by the National Green Tribunal, Principal Bench, New Delhi, which prohibits any person, company or any authority from obtaining a mining licence/quarry permit. and other Clearance Certificates issued by the Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change, Government of India in the EIA Notification 2006 and in its amendments.
The case was investigated by the OC Women of Jaintia Hills Women Police Department, WPSI, Kong Tyngkan who has been promoted to the rank of Inspector and gave her testimony on
Shillong, July 06: U Saleng A Sangma MP from 2-Tura Parliamentary (ST) Constituency of the Indian National Congress (INC) today met with AICC President Mallikarjun Kharge in Delhi today. congratulated the party's top leader.
Earlier, Dr Bimal Patel, Vice Chancellor of RRU said that RRU is looking forward to learning from the long-standing experience and programs that focus on the welfare of the people that the Assam Rifles has implemented. beginning with decades in the northeast.
In connection with this incident, police have registered a case against the perpetrator. At the same time, those who ring the Bdio have spread the information to the media. Police have registered a case against those involved in the theft.
Donlang Dkhar asked, “If the government can build and provide accommodation for the Karbi Hostel, why will it be difficult for the government to provide assistance to its own people who need assistance?
The meeting was held today to resolve the issue which has affected both sides due to the conflict that has occurred in the past few days. long to restore peace and order in the area.
To allow various government departments to use the funds received for development projects, the Cabinet today decided to appoint more Heads of Accounts in government departments.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah Lyngdoh said that until now there has been no request to call for talks with the civil society groups. There are MLAs in their own right who can urge the Prime Minister to call for a meeting.
The opposition Congress, which has 19 MLAs in the 60-member Assembly, has not yet announced its candidate to contest against the NPP candidate nominated by the MDA. When we tried to contact Bah Paul Lyngdoh on this, he could not be reached even after calling and sending a message.
The party strongly condemns the MDA government because we all see and know that the prime minister himself took oath on 2nd October 2019 in front of the people and students. The environment should not be destroyed and should be protected and respected.
It was directed that the phone numbers of the officers involved in this matter should be made public.
Pynshngian also alleged that many of the leaders when they become MLAs and ministers when they sit in the secretariat forget their own thymmei, by wanting to develop in the form of Municipal and Panchayat, thinking. to work for the people should not be only when the election is near.
The party plans to send up to 5000 letters on various issues such as the recognition of the state languages ​​in the eight schedule, the establishment of medical colleges, the improvement of health facilities, the production of goods. jam for young people and so on.
They are the footsteps of the ancients who have raised money to deceive the Government of India and the Government of Assam in order to protect their people from being oppressed by the authorities.
Application forms and registration fees are not chargeable.
Under this programme, the Public Health Engineering Department and the Gram Panchayats/Village Water and Sanitation Committees have a major role in this work.
JA Lyngdoh said it was Congress leader Manish Tiwari who said that there was a need to bring about a change in the employment opportunities for the minorities in India.
Besides the development works, the meeting also discussed how to improve the beauty of the Raj Bhavan and its four surroundings. The meeting was also attended by Dr. Vijay Kumar, IAS, Commissioner and Secretary, Planning. and do not look at the state budget.
Measures taken by the State Government under Central Government schemes or schemes not funded by the Central Government or State Government schemes include the construction of a medical college run by the State Government at Tura, West Garo Hills, Release of funds for the Tribal Research Institute at Babadam, West Garo Hills.
“I request the PHE department and the Urban Affairs department to work together so that the residents will not face any problems regarding the shortage of drinking water during this dry season,” he said. state.
This documentary film marketplace aims to be a platform for open-ended connections between those who are experienced in the industry and those who are just starting out in the industry.
During the meeting, teachers and students also asked questions on human rights.
These two companies have been in existence for 30 years while the others have been in existence for only 20 years.
After testing in the presence of witnesses, it was confirmed to be heroin.
The second issue on which the Union Home Minister said that Hindi should be taught up to Class IX and to focus on teaching and conducting examinations in Hindi.
The VAB should define and explain the powers of the village in terms of the smooth running of the village.
This invitation for applications will only be for the fields of Fish Farming, Masonry and Concrete Work, Papad, Achar Making, Masala Making, Food Cooking, Jain Weaving, Male Weaving, Pig Farming, Marketing of Soybeans.
I congratulate the bright students who passed the examinations conducted by the Meghalaya Board of School Education,” he said.
The Union Minister for Information & Broadcasting, Youth Affairs and Sports, Shri Anurag Singh Thakur addressing at the felicitation ceremony of the Tokyo Paralympics medalists, in New Delhi on September 08, 2021.
Police have arrested the driver of the truck, Manmeet Singh, 33 years old. Police are conducting investigation to find out. Therefore, those who are involved in the illegal Ganja trade.
President of HYC Sengkmie, while speaking to the youth who joined the HYC, Kongsan urged them to become leaders who understand the leadership of the society which the Jaidbynriew wants to address. take.
The people of Nehimaya Tyngkan are very grateful to Mr. Nehimaya Tyngkan for his kindness and generosity in working hard to improve our road which we have suffered so much to travel.
CANDLES    3.
Speaking at the inauguration ceremony of the hotel in the center of Shillong, the Minister of Tourism, Bah Sniawbhlang Dhar and Chairman of MTDC, Saleng said: Sangma, Chief Secretary DP Wahlang and others.
Regarding this action of the state government, the SSA teachers want an explanation from the central government that there has been a charge from SSA teachers in LP schools to T.57.09 tyngka and in UP schools it has been charged T.57.09 tyngka. You have been charged up to T.6101 tyngka.
Regarding the allocation of land for the fire trucks, the Minister of Home Affairs said that the government has received land at Raliang village. it's bad for this job.
At this meeting, the CEM of KHADC approved the establishment of a committee soon in which the Dorbar Shnongs will take part in the fight against drug abuse. very, very.
Shamsul Arfin, Assistant Security Commissioner, North Frontier Railway, Rajeev Singh Salaria, Inspector, Western Railwa, Syeda Tahseen , Sub Inspector, South Central Railway, and Jayshree Purushottam Patil, Sub Inspector, Central Railway, to Pradeep Kumar, Sub Inspector, Railway Board.
At the same time, the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Sengkmie through its General Secretary, Bah Augustar Jyrwa strongly condemned this incident and regarded it as one of the greatest threats to the country and the nation. The fact that a foreigner has dared to bomb and shoot the enforcement police who went to raid the area, encourages the KHADC not to be afraid but to continue its raid.
In the presence of the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Silverius Masharing and other leaders of the party, the office bearers of the party were confirmed by Bah Keny Nongrum General Secretary. You are from Ri Bhoi District.
Mukoilum Village is actually still part of Meghalaya, and this area is also sometimes part of the Khajia area, but the Assam Government's refusal to set up a Police Outpost in this area for many years has been allowed. Assam has not been able to claim this land.
Regarding commercial vehicles, the speed of transportation has been increased to 1/4 which means shipawa. for those who will go to give Tika, for school children, teachers who have to go to write the examination and those who have to do with the examination only to have to get permission from the DC. Traveling from one district to another district, from Shillong or those coming to Shillong, or Tura or Jowai to other districts should not have to travel as before. Prestone said the government understands that this will affect the people who live in poverty every day but they are sorry to have to take permission. This decision was taken because health is the top priority of the government to protect the people.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: The Rangbah Shnongs of four villages in Sohra area today met with the Minister in charge of School Education and Literacy, Deborah C Marak to demand the government to open the schools. the two branches of education in the area, Science and Commerce.
Major Surya Prakash of the Defense Force will lead the Inter-Services Guard and Police Guard while Lieutenant Commander Vivek Tingloo will lead the National Flag Guard of the Navy. Additional Deputy Commissioner of Police Sudhanshru Dhama will lead the Delhi Police.
Bangladesh cannot help but express its gratitude to India for taking a special part in the independence of Bangladesh, he said.
He said that until now there are those who allege that the Khasi have not had that protest to include the Khasi language in the fifth schedule of the Constitution of India, because the protest is only from The KSA has now turned 39 years old. To say that it has not had such a protest is wrong.
On the other hand, Dr Celestine said that this election is a different election because it is an election in the world.
Heavy rain and cold weather fell in parts of Upper Shillong from early morning today morning. road is difficult to pass because of the cold on the road.
Through this, everyone will be able to get treatment, he said.
The cold weather is not only in Mawnai but in the neighboring villages which have four districts and the worst of the cold weather is in Mawnai. do not write this message.
India has the potential to have up to 2,000 GI products, he said.
In this session, it was learned that the seating arrangement of the MLAs inside the House has been improved so that there will be no closeness as in the past. COVID-19 disease.
Regarding the agriculture sector, the Governor of Meghalaya has informed the members of the HYC that in the coming days he will meet with the Chief Minister and he will discuss this issue at the HYC. meeting with the Chief Minister.
He spoke about the Viksit Bharat SankalpYatra and the Modi's guarantee vehicle which has been set up to deliver benefits to those who have not received government schemes.
The CLP leader hopes that the government's strength will ensure the development of the state in the fields of health, education and others, said Ronnie V Lyngdoh.
Although these problems have been reported to the authorities for almost a year, it seems that the authorities have not paid any attention.
Shillong, November 07: BSF troops from 172 Battalion have seized a vehicle from Lumshnong-Sonapur and seized sugarcane smuggled to Bangladesh from East Jaintia Hills District. Meghalaya.
He spoke about the role of the region in sports and said the Government is working to support the athletes from the region through the establishment of the country's first sports school in the region.
In this regard, the Federation of Khasi States would like to request you to take note of the provisions of the Treaty, Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement approved by the Central Government in August 17, 1948 (a copy of the above agreement is attached through the White Paper on Indian States, laid before the Parliament by the Late Prime Minister Sardar Valababbai Patel) in 1949 and .
The Director of Health Services (MI) has promised to the union that it will direct the District Medical and Health Officer of South West Khasi Hills District to disclose all the posts in the hospital to the DSC and MPSC. so that these recruitment departments can recruit full time employees by eliminating employees who enter through backdoor appointment.
Stodar Dkhar, President of MMECC, said that he has already written a letter to the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma regarding this issue. The MMECC replied that it does not have the right to export Mawshun to Bangladesh.
May everyone be healthy and safe.
First of all, the KSU demands and urges others who have the same goal not to elect friends or elect only one Khasi to demand the appointment of VC among the many Khasi who have agreed and have the right to get this position. .
The parents of the school today went to meet with the school authorities but the media was not allowed to speak on the incident. The authorities in charge of the school have said that they are searching for these children.
The Minister was also briefed on the steps taken by the NDRF to redesign the triars for better use.
The opinions of the Sordars and Rangbah Shnongs who were present at the meeting as well as the opinions of the people were also received.
On the other hand, the Kur said that although there are no words from us to comfort the family at this time, they believe that God is with them to comfort the whole family. They prayed to God the Creator that his soul may rest in peace forever.
He said that in the meeting with the Prime Minister, the group has requested the Government to appoint them once again as many of the employees are skilled as they have worked since the time of the Meghalaya has been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic for the first time in 2020 and
Regarding the price of mur, it is the responsibility of the Hima Mylliem and the Hima has not yet received any information from the Hima Mylliem. Augustine Nongrum was born in Mylliem Hills.
H.H.Mohrmen, the leader of SURE under his leadership; He said that the Rural Mart was established in the name of the farmers of Tyrshang village, but as SURE has 50 SHGs and two Farmers' Producer Organization (FPO) which has helped and The DDM of NABARD together with the management of NABARD has agreed to include the products produced by other SHGs which SURE has established with the support of NABARD. U FR Marak who is also the General Manager of NABARD Regional Office, Shillong in his speech; He said that NBARD has implemented many projects in West Jaintia Hills, such as Financial Literacy Campaign (FLC), SHPI which establishes SHGs, POPI which establishes and supports FPOs, Rural Hat and now it has opened this. He said that in the past, farmers found it difficult to market their products especially (those that are not rotten) but now he expects that this Rural Mart will help them. who produce well packaged goods to put in this shop.
Uranium is believed to be abundant and valuable.
Eastern West Khasi Hills District has the highest pass percentage with 91.64 percent while South Garo Hills District has the lowest pass percentage with 49.23 percent. .
How can these foreigners violate the rules laid down by the government and KHADC without registering to get a license to work in this city?
In this regard, KHNAM would like to ask the following questions so that we can know the truth.
However, vehicles will not be allowed to turn right, but must turn in front of the old Guwahati High Court.
He started making various traditional musical instruments and trained himself to play these.
Speaking to media after the Cabinet meeting, he said that this decision was taken after there has been an increase in prices in all aspects of the country. car, from car price to accessories.
The BJP leader alleged that the Chief Minister has spent many times in Delhi, and finally it cannot be revealed that there are insurgents from Assam who are hiding in Garo Hills.
Bah S Sohtun MLA of Jirang said that Ri Bhoi is a fertile area and therefore it is necessary to take action in agriculture and set up small factories and urged the youth that they should not rely solely on government jobs.
The RO of 1-Shillong (ST) Parliamentary Constituency hopes that the Lok Sabha elections will go smoothly and that Meghalaya will be able to hold the title. don't worry about the election.
However, in the midst of this struggle through the lockdown, there is also a side effect which affects especially the poor and needy.
The office of the Security Adviser will be located at APJ Abdul Kalam Road, New Delhi. The appointment of Security Adviser will be for a period of one year and can be extended if necessary.
He said that instill in the children the spirit of asking questions and this will help when they grow up.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, who was present to witness the festival, distributed the prizes to the winners of various sports events.
The QCO recommends that only BIS-recognized two-wheeler helmets be produced and sold in the country for two-wheelers.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister handed over to the Prime Minister the schemes worth Rs 1,000 crore.
There are 521 cases in East Khasi Hills, 238 cases in West Khasi Hills, 80 cases in West Garo Hills and 79 cases in West Garo Hills.
The Minister urged the public not to have such accidents.
The MLAs of Hynniewtrep have become like those football players who don't know how to kick the ball when they come out.
They will wait for the outcome of the Governor's visit and at the same time the talks will continue.
This scheme of the Government of India demonstrates the continued commitment of the Government of India to implement policies for open and sustainable agriculture.
“We hope to see the signs of Bah Marshall and we suspect that he will survive,” said Bah Chyne.
Shillong, March 22: A mother from Nongmynsong Umkdait, Shillong has lodged a complaint that a child has come to buy something from her shop with counterfeit money worth Rs 500,000 on Tuesday.
As a nation that has its own religious identity, we have a responsibility to preserve it.
Answering questions, the Chief Minister said that the government is looking into how to do this to provide good sugar to the people.
Aibor Nonglamin at that time lived in the house of Bah Pratap Bareh.
NIDHI+ is an integral part of the NDTM. Under the RCS UDAN-3 Tourism, the Ministry of Tourism has held talks with the Ministry of Civil Aviation, with a view to improving connectivity and including flights to attractions, for efficient connectivity to main attractions, including special places.
Therefore, to achieve this goal, we need the cooperation of all the residents from the Dorbar Shnong, Leaders, Sengbhalang, school children, students, shopkeepers and all the residents. Don't walk or stand through this place, otherwise the time will be late and we will cry out again with sorrow.
The objectives of this meeting are to create opportunities to improve the revenue collection, increase the number of taxpayers and provide more comprehensive services to the taxpayers along with the development of other related needs. this work.
Three districts in the state have tested positive for COVID-19 today, North Garo Hills District, South West Garo Hills District and South West Khasi Hills District. East Khasi Hills has 225 cases.
According to sources, the chairman of the Commission has already decided to move the office from Shillong to Guwahati. law not can mih.
On this occasion, the winners of the cycling competition in Tawang, Arunachal Pradesh and Punmudi, Kerala were honoured. The honorees include Apshai Griffith and Ridor .
He said that there are some people who have complained about the absence of Dorbars in some Shnongs, Raids and Himas, and he said that the KHADC authorities are looking into these Hima/Elaka. He urged the rulers to bring about a transparent governance which will allow the people to express their concerns from time to time.
India wants to have peace because this is the foundation for the development of any country.
The union is pleased to say that this action of the government shows that it only wants to use the spirit of cooperation of the people but they do not have a real concern on how to fight the corona virus.
There were 19 schools from different parts of Mawlai Pyllun who came to take part in the drawing competition which was held at Shillong Polytechnic.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) of Maweit area has met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek. The Karuna Trust is not owned by the government.
The program in Shillong was jointly organized by the Minority Affairs and AYUSH Departments of the Union Government in collaboration with the Government of Meghalaya.
At the same time, the CEM has directed all the MDCs to send their syrnot as soon as possible so that the office can send the count. MDCs have not sent a syrnot for the use of the money for more than a year.
In his speech, Bah Paul Lyngdoh MLA Shillong West said that the consumption of alcoholic beverages especially drugs poses a threat to the homes, not only that but also to the society. and this destroys the young.
Through Twitter, George said that the government has not been able to curb these crimes and this shows that it has not been able to provide protection to the residents and at the same time he strongly condemns the such is the judgment of the righteous.
More than 1000 people attended the meeting.
Other sources learned that many schools, on the part of the students, have organized competitions by singing and dancing to honor the teachers on this day.
The prize money in the tournament is divided into two categories, gold and silver.
The Government should not accept such a proposal and it would be illegal to do so as it would be a violation of the Land Transfer Act and the Forest Acts of the State Government.
Swami Divyaswarupanandaji Maharaj, Centre-In-Charge, concluded the meeting by congratulating all the participants and recalling the words of Swami Vivekananda in Khasi and English.
Police said the deceased was identified as Robinson R Marak.
We have also received information that many Khasi land owners have applied to KHADC to register themselves as land owners.
Rober Syiemlieh has lodged a complaint that on 21st November 2023, unidentified persons stole his bike number ML-10C-1908 from his residence at Golf Links Khliehshnong.
Shillong, July 06: The price of sugarcane in Iewduh varies from one shop to another, some sell up to T.50/- per kilo, some sell at T.48/- per kilo and some sell at T.48/- per kilo. .47/- tyngka per kilo for more than a few days.
Rolling Mangu, Browel Makdoh, Wolman Sujai, Billingstar Sylliang, Kiswel Langi, Lukas Lyngdoh, Hetsing Lymphuid, Bransis Shadap, Wanphrang Shadap, Shlur Khymdeit.
Through this, the Government has developed a policy that places of worship can be rented out by paying 25 percent of the market value of the land or 494 tyngka per square feet. the Revenue Department of the State Government.
It was recalled that a few months ago, the former DGP of Police had called a meeting at his office with the Rangbah Shnongs and school principals to discuss the traffic jam in Shillong. it appears that this discussion did not work.
There is something behind the company's failure to meet with the residents of Nongtrai.
Shillong, June 17: The Central Executive Committee (CEC) of the United Democratic Party (UDP) today decided to withdraw its support to the People Democratic Forum (PDF) within the KHADC. UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy told SP News Agency that it is true that the CEM has decided today to withdraw his support to the Executive. Committee within the KHADC headed by Bah Pynshngian.
To implement the GST, adequate internet is required. In this regard, the government has talked to BSNL and other private companies to provide internet access in the country. All parts of the state and the central government has also signed an agreement with another company through GST to supply in the country.
The highest expenditure was on grants related to food allowance – T.203.62 crore, Electricity – T.382.57 crore, Sports – T.49.03 crore and non-grant Public Debt – T.2,786.56 crore.
Smoking damages almost all the tissues in the body, leading to the development of many diseases and affecting health.
Shillong, Lber 06: BSF troops on duty on the India-Bangladesh border at Dawki in West Jaintia Hills District have spotted a man inside a coal truck carrying coal to enter Bangladesh.
The Housing Department of the State Government has an estimate of how many households need housing information and in each District there are District Housing Officers to look after this issue. It has a target when the residents of the villages will get houses covered with tin.
In the complaint, Dhama said that Dhama had come to their residence on the 2nd of this month in the morning to ask his wife to deposit Rs 2 lakh in the account. color rejected.
It is understood that the perpetrators of the crime are well known.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma urging him to take action against the Khasi residents of Manipur by foreigners. .
Also present at the meeting were Rev AC Lymba, Chairman Youth Assembly KJP Synod Sepngi who conducted the meeting and who is also the brother of the author, mother, wife, family members and others. friends who are relatives.
Do not park or drive vehicles during floods and stay away from electrical posts to avoid being electrocuted.
The Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, today announced that the government will issue a government notice to direct the Deputy Commissioners to do so. essential.
Shillong, July 17: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, together with the Minister in charge of Urban Development, Hamletson Dohliang, on Tuesday visited the Iewduh. Mylliem has taken the opportunity to raise the issue of water pipes in Iewduh.
The members of the Presbyterian Church in Mupliang village, West Jaintia Hills District, have been shocked after heavy flames destroyed and burnt down the Presbyterian Church church in Mupliang village, West Jaintia Hills District.
Regarding the work of this government, they are pleased because many development projects have gone ahead, as it is now, we have to wait until the environment is going smoothly. the ability to work or the inability to work.
However, there are five dewbilat factories which the BJP has accused of increasing the price of dewbilat.
More than 100,000 Catholics from all over the states of Ri Lum Khasi Jaintia have come to express their Catholic faith in this annual procession from Laitumkhrah Cathedral Parish.
The University authorities before announcing the dates of the examinations should ensure that the students do not have any difficulty in writing the examinations.
ANVC spokesperson Artis Sengran Sangma said the talks were fruitful.
Shillong, July 26: Chairman of the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) Champiom Marak has sustained serious head injuries in a shooting incident at Shillong District Jail today.
Those who have worked for 3 and 6 years and those who have worked for 6 to 9 years and those who have worked for 9 years should have worked well in the field. they wrote to the government.
Shillong, July 30: Polio vaccination campaign has started in the state today and on the same day, the Polio Day was celebrated. you are sick.
Regarding the speech of the MP of Tura, the Union Minister said that he will look into this issue and find ways and means to resolve the issue. These are the problems faced by the people of this area.
Shillong, Naitung 31: The BJP has suffered a huge loss in the 57-Dalu MLA Constituency where more than 2000 BJP members have joined the NCP in the presence of Saleng A Sangma. Torang R. Marak, President of the National Youth Congress (NYC) Garo Hills, Meghalaya, has joined the NCP.
The HNYF East Khasi Hills leader said that in Iewmawlong, there are many crimes such as drug trafficking and other activities.
Blood Transfusion Services is an important part of the health sector.
There are 31 cases in East Khasi Hills District, 8 cases in Ri Bhoi, 3 cases in South West Khasi Hills and 1 case in West Khasi Hills.
At present, there are nine schemes implemented by the Government, the Universal Immunization Programme, Pulse Polio Immunization Programme, JSY, JSSK, RBSK, RKSK, HBNC, implemented through the National Health Mission, together with and other schemes.
The meeting was held for two days in Maharashtra in November last month.
It is learned that due to the heavy rainfall, the water supply is needed. Rescue workers from the Fire Brigade and the Natural Disaster Relief Department are still available. to fight to rescue the victims of this tragic incident.
The two officers are Annu from the Ministry of Panchayat Raj and Pratap from the Ministry of Rural Development.
To implement this Act, the public is requested to give their right hand for the sake of the community and if anyone opposes please inform these numbers of the police. .1000, or 2222277 (police control), 2223451 (Sadar traffic) have banned drivers from drinking cigarettes.
The program was attended by Bah Kyrmen Shylla, Minister of State for Social Welfare, MLA, Shillong East, Meghalaya and other officials. from the central and state governments.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: U Gilbert G Kharrasawai President of the Hynniewtrep United Awakning Movement (HUAM) on Tuesday said that the union has lodged a complaint with the Executive Engineer of Nongkriah village. Mawsynram PWD Division on Tuesday said that the bridge has been deteriorating.
Also present on the occasion were the Judges of the High Court, Meghalaya, Vice Chancellor of the National Law University, Meghalaya, Professor Indrajit Dube, Secretary of the Law Department, Bah Cyril V. Diengdoh and Member Secretary of the National Law Department, Meghalaya. Township Development Agency to Bah E.Kharmalki.
The Government of Meghalaya has also joined hands to support all the efforts to achieve the goal and whatever has been required of the Government has been done, but it remains unlimited.
After 11 years of this arrangement, it was found that the Mizoram government has not provided LHCs to these Khasi people and this has prompted the KSU to immediately go to Mizoram to resolve this issue. The union feels that the Khasi people are like living in shynrong even if they have their own land because the Mizoram government considers them as foreigners.
In his speech, the Chief Minister expressed his deep sorrow to see that the education level in the SWGH District has declined excessively. In education, it is because of the Managing Committees. This behavior of the School Managing Committees is that they are cheating on their own people.
Shillong, November 06: UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh today announced the party's candidates for the 2023 MLA elections at a meeting held at the party office. in Shillong today.
The areas under the jurisdiction of Lumdiengjri Police Station are Jaiaw, Mawkhar, Umsohsun, Riatsamthiah, Wahingdoh, Mission, Mawprem, Sunny Hill, Cantonment, Mawlong Hat. , except for those on the Shiliang side of the Umshyrpi Bridge.
Consolation prizes of 500 tyngka were also awarded to the winners of the fourth, fifth, sixth, ninth, fifth, sixth, sixth and seventh places.
Joycy is the only child of her three sisters and her mother.
Shillong, November 26: U TMC Leader George B Lyngdoh, who is also the Vice President of the TMC in Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the visit of the Chief Minister and Cabinet to Delhi to send an inquiry into the The CBI has not reached any conclusion on the shooting deaths in Mukroh.
Shillong, Jymmang 5: BSF troops on receiving a tip have arrested Chengbath Momin, one of the leading leaders of the GNLA from Mahenderganj.
If private companies can run two or three dewbilat factories in the state why can't the government run even one, the MCCL? It has spent hundreds of crores on the Dry Process which initially cost only T.100 crore but has not been implemented yet and has spent up to T.330 crore.
Speaking on the occasion, Prof. Srivastava congratulated all the students who have completed their studies and hoped that they will become new pioneers in fashion design and technology.
Through this initiative, T.39 crore has been allocated for the beautification of the Umkhrah River to reduce the pollution of the Umkhrah River.
The BJP Meghalaya on Tuesday formed the Shillong City District under the leadership of Bah Mariahom Kharkhang.
The CEO said that as of the deadline for filing of nomination papers on 27/Lber/2024, there are 22,26,567 lakh voters in the state, 10,99,517 lakh males and 10,99,517 lakh females. There are 11,02,747 lakh voters and 3 voters and 3870 voters in office.
However, the BJP has now been able to get MPs to support the CAB even in the Rajya Sabha.
: The Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare, Jharkhand, today inaugurated the World Sickle Cell Day programs in Ranchi district.
At the same time, they requested the CM to talk to the relevant authorities of Assam so that the farmers should no longer be harassed.
Shillong, March 02: Meghalaya today celebrated the two years of Swatch Bharat along with the rest of the country which is also the birthday of the father of the nation Mahatma Gandhi.
Compatriots, We have a ceremony in which we invite the leaders of other countries to take part in the celebration of our Republic Day.
The order has directed that the distribution of ration to the people should be completed before 4th June 2020. This announcement was issued by the DC on 25/03/2
In accordance with the powers conferred under Article 324 of the Constitution of India together with Article 172(1) of the Constitution of India and Section 15 of the Representation of the People Act, This state will end on 2/06/2
She won the Best Performance award and expressed her gratitude to the various teams, friends and all those involved in supporting her in her journey to compete. Indian Talent Fight.
On the other hand, the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen, urged the HNLC to stop any activities of violence and as the HNLC should respect this opportunity which the state government has taken to bring about peace. you live peacefully in the state.
This is according to a statement sent by Bah Everwell Robin Thongi, President of the KSU Rangthong Unit.
According to a statement from the Chief Officer, the new Block will come into operation immediately from the opening date of the Block which covers 56 villages as mentioned in the government announcement.
Let us also celebrate the New Year 2017 with joy and dignity with the goal of performing good deeds so that we can reach the goal of victory.
Hundreds of vehicles were stranded due to the landslide in the middle of the road and the collapse of the road endangered public transport.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Amlarem Unit under the leadership of Samla Dilast Shylla and Vice President Samla Monlang Nyalang today lodged a complaint with the DC West Jaintia Hills District to take the necessary action according to the rules of law. Self-interested persons who dare to violate the rights of individuals and families during this time of crisis can be punished.
Answering additional questions, the Minister said that this village falls under the jurisdiction of India. The Constitution allows in some parts to mine gold from the border, but the mining of gold varies from place to place.
: The North East Petroleum Mazdoor Union (NEPMU) on Friday called for a meeting with the leaders of the North East Petroleum Mazdoor Union (NEPMU) after a group of petrol truck drivers threatened to Petrol and Diesel imports into Meghalaya have been suspended from the 12th of this month.
Shillong, July 27: U Shibun Lyngdoh, President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, on Tuesday said that the party welcomes the resignation of the Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmuganathan. find the whole truth.
On the same day, KSU Nongthymmai Circle led by its General Secretary Samla Ribansing Nongrum conducted a raid on foreign workers working in different parts of Nongthymmai village. you don't have a Work Permit.
However, the amount received from the budget is only T.64.90 crore.
Bindo took this decision after the UDP leaders did not respond to a letter he had written to express his intention to contest the Lok Sabha elections from the Shillong Parliamentary seat.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People today submitted a petition to the Union Minister of State for Agriculture, Parshottam Rupala during his visit to Umiam Ri Bhoi District. today.
He said that the delay in providing information on the appointment and issuance of appointment letters has led to corruption and he said that this Government has now run the process smoothly and has completed the appointment at a specific time.
Shillong, Nailur 26: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today marked the ninth death anniversary of Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh, one of the leaders who used to speak from time to time. They also fought for the lands of the Khasi Hills so that they would not go to Assam.
The residents of Mawsynram area have unanimously agreed to demand from the government to grant them the Mawsynram Civil Sub Division as this area is too backward compared to other areas. The Mawsynram Block was opened in 1963 when it was still part of Assam.
According to him, the Government of India has used the Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA) against the minorities of the North East.
Those factories which have received the Consent to Established are allowed to build a coal mining plant but cannot operate, those factories which have just received permission from the Single Window Agency, they are not allowed to build a factory.
The program will be broadcast not only across India, but also in other countries as well where he will address the people of India in other countries.
The purpose of the visit of the Prime Minister was to find out the facts regarding the health sector.
During the raid, police have seized more than 180 dynnamaid and 20 rounds of ammunition from a trep near the coal mine which has been abandoned.
Shillong, July 16: Once again, GVK EMRI (108) today provided invaluable assistance to a young woman in Nagaland, Dimapur. save her from being raped and raped by another man.
“We need to get what we demand to review the Reservation Policy,” said Bah Ardent while addressing the residents and students who gathered around the parking lot at the parking lot opposite the reservation policy. Additional Secretariat office.
Therefore, it is time for us as the citizens of the Bri u Hynniewtrep Trep to surprise the people, to be united, orderly and concerned and ready to stand up for our border. shyiap the country and the nation.
The funds for this tourist attraction have been funded by the Central Government through the Ministry of Tourism.
New Delhi, June 30: Prime Minister Narendra Modi attended the first phase of the Joint Conference of Prime Ministers and Chief Justices of High Courts at Vigyan Bhawan, New Delhi today. .
Shillong, Iaiong 04: The State Government has advised all residents to wear masks when in public places and to wash their hands frequently when sneezing. to cover the mouth with a cloth and to stay away from each other as directed.
Expressing his appreciation for this award, Bah Hek said that the Dadasaheb Phalke Award has been awarded to him as the best Minister in Meghalaya.
If they submit a letter saying that they want to talk peace without any conditions, the arrangements for peace talks will go ahead as the government wants to have peace because the government wants to have this. talk to peace.
The shops to be opened will be in the villages.
The opposition in the Legislative Assembly will take up the issue in the Legislative Assembly which will start the session on the 6th of July.
The KSU has demanded that the date of submission of forms should be extended and the number of forms should be increased so that all the students can apply for admission to the college.
Shillong, Iaiong 26: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that no case of COVID-19 has been confirmed in Meghalaya. They were taken to hospital for treatment.
During these 25 years of her service, the professor has worked hard and made a great contribution in improving the quality of teaching in education, research as well as in the development of courses.
One is the Kynshi Stage-I and the other is the Upper Khri Stage-I & II Hydro Electrical Project (HEP).
As the Seng, we understand the great danger that will befall our poor people if this Bill becomes law.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: Two persons have lost their lives in Shillong today due to a light failure while climbing on top of electrical poles to build a bridge. it's light.
Hundreds of residents of the village came to get medicine from the BSF, where the sick were treated by prominent doctors from the BSF.
In a statement, Terrorizers111 admitted that it has already placed bombs in all courts of India including the Meghalaya High Court.
Speaking at a meeting held in Nongstoin, he said that in the next 40 years, farmers will receive assistance from the government amounting to T.5000 crore.
John F Kharshiing said that the preamble of the Constitution of India begins with the words “We the people.
In a survey conducted in collaboration with ICAR, the International Food Policy Research Institute (IFPRI) found that the scheme has helped farmers to provide funds to purchase food items. needed in their farming.
The three IPS officers who have been promoted are Pawal Swapnil Vasantrao, Pankaj Kumar Rasgania and Vikash Varma.
Shillong, July 21: The Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya (GDP) on Tuesday held its second meeting with the Chiefs of Meghalaya. 20th June 2013 at 1 pm, at Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar, Shillong, to discuss with the leaders of various political parties, on the amendment of the Sixth Schedule Amendment Bill ) of the Constitution of India, and on the Village Administration Bill
The Minister concluded his speech by expressing his desire to see qualified nurses who have passed from NEIAH who can lead the society to bring about better health care.
More than 200 participants including Khasi, Naga, Manipur and from all over the states of India.
When inquired from the management of the school regarding the assistance they receive from the government, they explained and showed the documents issued by the government through the Office of the District Mission Coordinator. West Khasi Hills has promised but until now they have not succeeded until the school management said that 'It is here that the old saying 'Khlein la thang jwat la bam' has succeeded.
After a thorough review of the policy submitted by the Information Technology Department, the government has approved the policy, Prestone said.
The Committee also visited various project sites including the Mandovi Riverfront Promenade, Flood Mitigation Works and Integrated Command and Control Center in Goa. work progress until January 1, 2023.
On the occasion of the 71st Republic Day, the Prime Minister has paid tribute to the freedom fighters who fought for independence from foreign rule. , such as Kiang Nangbah, Tirot Singh, Pa Togan N Sangma from this state and many others who gave their lives to achieve independence from foreign rule.
Shillong, March 06: Shillong Police today arrested one of those involved in the shooting death of cricketer Lakhan Singh near Anjalee Cinema Hall in Jahlupara.
FIDE President Arkady Dvorkovich handed over the trophy to the Prime Minister, who handed over the trophy to renowned chess player Viswanathan Anand.
Shillong, Nailur 30: The President of the National Congress Party (NCP) Saleng A Sangma today wrote a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma. to lose their license if they drink alcohol while driving.
In a statement sent by the Publicity Secretary of the HNLC, Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw, “We see that after the ANVC has surrendered all its weapons and also to destroy their party, the sad thing is that The Agreed Text for Settlement signed on September 24, 2014 has ended only on the promises of the Government even after more than 4 years.
These are also very important issues and the JSU hopes that the JHADC under the leadership of the CEM will take action to implement them.
The last message of the party to the government is that it should immediately release this young man and stop the violence against the members of the party otherwise the party will not hesitate to think differently. even.
The meeting was attended by the Minister of State for Power, AT Mondal, Sanjay Goyal, IAS, Commissioner and Secretary, Power Department and On behalf of the OPTC, the Managing Director Sanil Namboodiripad has been appointed.
The Act was passed only through a government notice and remains in force without any bill being introduced in the Legislative Assembly.
“He said that in the state as a whole, according to the findings of the Ministry, most of the families are where the mother has to carry the children.
On the other hand, the Secretary of Iooksi Shnong congratulated the people of Iooksi Shnong who have been able to re-elect him as the Secretary Shnong and at the same time urged the people of Iooksi Shnong to work together for the development of the village. The village in all aspects from the economy, education, health and peace.
(v).
Pyniaid said he has directed the officers to issue a show cause to all from Bimola to Umsohsun and has also sent the officers to investigate especially for those shops that have been closed. The Khasi helped the foreign states.
Shillong, Nailar 18: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills today held a public meeting to explain the need for driving in the state. street.
The Government of Meghalaya should set up Police Stations in all border areas especially in the areas where there is less conflict.
" Your research has simplified agriculture and made it sustainable," Modi said.
He informed reporters that there are about 44,000 people with disabilities in Meghalaya and according to the 2011 census, the number of people with disabilities in the country is crore.
The suspension of vehicles has affected the patients who have to come to Shillong for treatment, as well as the tourists, this has affected the income of the state, in terms of revenue of the state government. you have received up to T.
Meghalaya has received the Fair Play Award.
Shillong, Nailur 19: A bus carrying traders from Mawkyrwat to Nongnah village in South West Khasi Hills District has overturned at Keniong. Twenty-three people were seriously injured and one two-month-old child died recently.
The Deputy Commissioner shall be the head of the Committee and the Additional Deputy Commissioner shall be the Member Secretary. The Public Prosecutor and the Public Prosecutor will be the members of the Committee while the Extra Assistance Commissioner has been elected to head the Committee while the Social Welfare Officer has been appointed. elect to become a member secretary.
“People who are afraid to ask for money to get jobs will not be able to lose more and more if the personal interview is canceled only for those in power because they will not be able to politicize the rights of the youth,” he said. said Mr. Passah.
At this meeting, Bah KS Rani Vice President of the HNYF asked a question on this issue.
According to the Chief Minister's Secretariat, 10,287 people have registered so far and 6878 people have been verified. and money sent through their bank accounts was 5,0
In Shillong, the party today visited the poor households in Nongmynsong Wahkdait, the party distributed rice and wheat to the poor households. helplessness these days.
Mawlai Police Station, after following up, found that these people were involved in the robbery of trucks from Mawiong and petrol pumps.
All potential PDOs/PDOAs or private individuals can submit their willingness to participate in this discussion forum on the development of Broadband through PM-WANI. a link to this discussion to those who wish to participate in it.
Besides, Moderkai S.Kharpuri also won the Middle Weight, Co-Main Event and represented Lumshyiap Sports and Cultural Club.
Shillong, Iaiong 14: Nongjri area has been known as one of the areas where there is trade with Bangladesh especially in exports for many years but the problem faced by the people is that it is with the Bank.
This is not only to preserve the work of the musical instrument makers but also to provide employment opportunities to the people who make these instruments.
Shillong, March 09: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) in a statement today through its Publicity Secretary expressed its appreciation for the Pnar film “INAMARATO”. The Union was able to witness the film with their own eyes on the day of its release.
Myntri Rangbah Duh pointed out the lack of attention to health for decades after independence.
The union urges the Minister of Home Affairs, who is the mother, to take special action to curb such crimes.
Shillong, November 30: A mother named Rilang Pyngrope has shot dead her 14-year-old son in Khliehshnong Mawlynrei. until he died.
Fr Cornelius Khyriem is a well trained religious leader and has completed his M.A. in Education.
In another raid, the BSF in collaboration with the Meghalaya Police seized 18,000 kilos of sugar from different parts of the border of Meghalaya.
Among the four injured, two were employees of the shop while two others were residents of a khap shñiuh shop adjacent to the shop.
He said that the preparations from other Himas have progressed and it is expected that the Fourth Special Dorbar Ri will be fair and express the unity of the jaidbynriew in one voice to preserve the Riti. Dustur and to improve them.
and those who wish to take part in this recruitment can register from the 13th of this month to the 27th of November
Shillong, July 07: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and party candidate Ramson Sutnga today met with the traders of Police Bazar to discuss their concerns.
The youngsters who will take part in the tournament in Russia include Hameshaniah Suiam who will compete in the Senior Men – Below 57 kg, Point Fighting and Kick Light.
The Executive Director of the State Disaster Management Authority (STMA) of Meghalaya has announced that in the last 24 hours, 1 person has lost his life. Thursday, 20 villages were affected by the storm.
Speaking to SP News Agency, he said that after the alliance with the UDP and HSPDP, whatever they do they have to have a discussion and understanding within the Co-ordination Committee.
In Ri Bhoi District, cleanliness drives were conducted in Umsning, West Khasi Hills, Jaintia Hills and Garo Hills.
Shillong, Naiwieng 05: The General Secretary of the BJP in charge of Meghalaya, Nalin S. Kohli, on Tuesday alleged that the Congress has violated all the rules and regulations within the KHADC just to find ways and means. To confirm this allegation, he said that after the resignation of the Chairman and Deputy Chairman of the KHADC, the government as it appears in the media and The Protem Chairman and the Deputy Commissioner have been appointed under rule 12(I), but the government has violated this rule.
At present, there has been no information, if the government has not been able to complete the 11th Five Year Plan, it can also complete the 12th Five Year Plan which will start this year.
Shillong, November 01: In India, about 2.35 million people are living with HIV (PLHIV), but only about 1.78 million people know about it.
At the meeting, the group approved the suggestion of Bah John F.Kharshiing to arrange a meeting with the heads of the Labor Department of the Government of Meghalaya to discuss how to work together with the ITI / Polytechnic students. and others in Meghalaya can take the opportunity to come forward and work hard to achieve these goals.
The union also said that it will hold a job fair in East Jaintia where these factories will have to employ the youth of the area in collaboration with the district authorities if possible.
He was the President of KSU South West Khasi Hills District from 2002 to
KYRSIEW believes that even the officials of Mawsynram Village have known about this incident since the past why didn't they fight against this incident and now when the Sengbhalang is angry they will say that it is not true.
He expressed the hope that there will be similar arrangements in other courts of the country.
He said the lack of action by the Government of India on the bloodshed in Manipur shows that it is a political injustice.
The union also urges the workers who are paradoh para snam to register their names with the Meghalaya Building and Other Worker Welfare Board which is run by the Department of Labor. which meets the requirements.
They encourage their friends and younger children to experience drugs so that they can sell them back when they are addicted.
Bah M.Marbaniang, Rangbah Shnong of Mawsynram, said that the allegation by the FKJGP against Dr. Hamamut Lyngdoh is baseless. The village council has angered not only the village leaders but also the residents of Mawsynram.
During the meeting, they also wished him a healthy body.
In his opening remarks, Mr. Rana said that according to his experience as a police officer, he has gone through many cases of child rights violations.
“The Prime Minister has not given any promise but has informed that he will sit down and hold a meeting before taking a decision,” said Bah Kasperline.
Not only that they have stopped but those who claim that this area falls under Assam, in fact to check the border is the responsibility of the Government and not the Police.
For example, the roads are not adequate and even the government offices are not comfortable for those with disabilities.
The flag of the Golden Jubilee was launched by the Chief Guest, Bah Pala.
The meeting was called to discuss the KHADC Village Administration Bill
These SSA teachers have met with the government authorities on 18/7/2022 but they have not received any reply from the officers. They have set a date before the Additional Secretariat where they have decided to stay until they receive their demand.
Shillong, Lber 22: The Government today transferred 10 Chief Superintendents of Police from the Districts.
This month's theme 'Growth in Employment and Self-Employment Opportunities' focuses on employment creation and self-employment opportunities which bring about income generation.
Speaking at the public meeting, one of the leaders, Bah Mayborn Lyngdoh, said that the strike is from LP teachers to High School teachers and the goal is to demand from the government to increase the salaries of teachers.
This amount is in accordance with the procedures adopted for related activities in the fiscal year 2020-21, where up to T 1.10 lakh crore has been released to the States under the same procedure.
The District Council was established under the Constitution.
At this public meeting, Conrad urged the people of Meghalaya to vote for the NPP and at this meeting he explained what the NPP will do for the development of the state. and the entire neighborhood.
Shillong, Nailur 17: The Congress party has already prepared for the mid-term MDC elections for nine MDC constituencies, seven in KHADC and one in JHADC. Speaking to SP News Agency, he said that they will soon meet to decide on the names of the candidates to contest the MDC election.
Before the MSPCB authorizes any company to set up factories in any area, doesn't it see or hear that they are destroying the environment and forests?
Therefore, it is necessary to draw from the village languages ​​from all over the region and villages in order to enrich the Khasi language and to unite all the languages ​​into one central language.
Central and State Government offices will remain open only those announced on 18/5/2021 by the Ministry of Home Affairs, while others will remain closed.
It is forbidden to walk in public places without wearing masks.
The Dorbar Chnong has also urged the government authorities not to give permission to any person who comes to ask for permission from them to enter the boundary of the village unless they have genuine reasons. which are unavoidable.
The arrest of the police on the orders of the SP of the district has shocked the families of the members from Ri Bhoi district.
Farhan has shot 'Rock On 2' in many villages in Ri Bhoi, Sohra and Laitum. The film is expected to be released in November this year.
The city is of great importance because of its tourism and economic activities.
The leaders of the union have written to the central government regarding their demand but the government has not listened. .
The Seng invites all the parents, youth, Sengbhalang, schools, colleges, village leaders who have concern and responsibility for the spread of drugs to come out in order. on that day as part of the public awareness campaign and to urge the relevant authorities to take action on this issue.
In the same incident, another house in Thad village, Mawhati Constituency, owned by Bah Teibok Rangtong, has been destroyed by a strong wind. 3 or 4 o'clock this evening.
This bridge is located in Umtyngar village which is a place where visitors like to stand near this bridge.
Employees Federation Sport Committee Jaintia Hills Unit Jowai.
The DHS (MI), Shillong has recently clarified that the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) has been asked to dispose of the defective medicines stored at the Central Medical Store, Shillong. They are damaged due to the lack of use due to the outbreak of Covid-1
Shillong, Nailar 12: The KSU Byrnihat Circle will continue to oppose the railway line even if it is to be used by any route.
On the other hand, the CEM said that the District Council is not a money machine, but it should protect the people. The cheque has to be sent to the CBI from the beginning to find out all the facts and those involved will be arrested”.
He said that although he is an MLA, he has the same goal to serve the people and improve the society.
Regarding the number of members, the HNLC said there are between 15 and 20 members.
JACSO appeals to the public especially the Rangbah Shnongs, Longkmie Sengs, Youth Sengs of the Villages, Sengs Bhalang, Religious Organizations, Students from Schools and Colleges, Hima-Sima Chiefs, Politicians and others to attend the event.
The Meghalaya High Court received the email at 5.45 pm on Tuesday.
The two unidentified men, one in his mid-50s and the other about 35, were arrested.
The Government Announcement on this Special Session will be issued on Monday 16/12/2
The order also prohibits the public from posting any photographs related to the elections without permission.
Those who were honored include the Rangbah Shnong of Nonglum, Bah SD Khongwir, the Rangbah Shnong of Mawdatbaki, Bah BR Kharmujai, the Rangbah Shnong of Umjaiur, Bah Klose Khyriem, the Rangbah Shnong of Mawkynroh-Umshing. Longshai Nongkhlaw and former Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Umthlong, Bah K.Mylliem.
There are 241 recoveries, 15 from East Garo Hills, 17 from East Jaintia Hills, 173 from Ri Bhoi, 1 from Ri Bhoi, 1 from South West Khadi Hills, 12 from West Garo Hills and , the total number of recoveries so far is
The government should have a law to prevent such superstitions.
“Bah Sutnga said that the deterioration of the NH44 is worse in the areas from Sonapur to Malidor.
The Government will take the views of all parties and the Government will issue the guidelines once the Government has taken a decision.
On the other hand, Ampareen, who is also the Minister in charge of Development, said that the District Council should look into the matter and not just do whatever they want.
Shillong, July 10: The five-day School Students' Festival involving five states in the North East ended yesterday.
COMSO urges Bah Hek not to continue to speak such nonsense as such nonsense incites the youth and can lead to confusion and disruption of peace and order.
During the meeting, KSA Secretary Bah Boldness L Nongum and the KSA delegation informed the Union Minister that he had visited the KSA ground together with the KSA. In a letter sent to the Minister of DoNER, it was said that the scheme was sent to the DoNER Ministry in 2004 and the letter between the State Government and the Ministry. The scheme has been running for many years but for unknown reasons this scheme has not been implemented until now.
This was also an opportunity to discuss the findings and measures to improve education in Meghalaya.
If the census year comes into force, it means that many nationals and foreigners will be placed in detention camps and will lose their citizenship of India,” said Thabah.
Parents, youth, women and men came to take part in this protest.
The police patrolling will also be conducted in areas where there are confirmed cases of COVID-19 or in areas where those suspected of having the disease have been quarantined.
Also present on the occasion were Sohra MDC Titostarwell Chyne who was the chief guest, Mawsynram MLA Olan Sing Suiñ and other invitees.
The 5th Meghalaya Games
During the meeting, Major General Ananta Bhuyan informed the Chief Minister that NCC training centers will soon be set up in rural areas on the border of Meghalaya. On the part of the Governor, he expressed his gratitude to the members of the NCC who have worked for the benefit of the people of the state. He recalled that he was once a member of the NCC in the rank of Senior Division Cadet.
Shillong, July 26: On the occasion of Kargil Vijay Divas, members of the NCC Unit of St Anthony's College have commemorated the death anniversary of Captain Keishing Clifford Nongrum. dwar u blei who gave his life for the sake of the country.
The resolution will request the government to bring the Khasi areas to Meghalaya and the Mikir areas to Mikir.
The BSF in Gumaghat have seized dozens of Bangladeshi ships.
Utpal Bezbaruah explained about the farming and many others were present on the occasion.
The President of India, Pranab Mukherjee, visited the memorial during his visit to Meghalaya in It was inaugurated by the Government of Meghalaya in
This will be the first restaurant in the state to be built by the MTDC in this area where the visitors to the pond will be able to walk around the pond and at the same time get the food and drink they want to.
Speaking at the meeting held at the State Convention Centre, the Chief Minister said, “In the next 20 years there will be a shortage of water. tyllong um,” said the Chief Minister.
Shillong, Lber 03: The road from GS Road to Iewduh has been painted and the painting has been completed in the middle of the day and now the painting has been stopped.
This idea has been around for many years and now it has come true. This shows how this great country has moved forward and the Chief Minister congratulates all those who have voted. the vote to win the presidency.
Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma in his speech said that he has known him since 1993 when he was first MLA and because of his long tenure in politics. He has become better known in the world until he becomes an MLA.
Prestone said the deaths of pigs have occurred in East Khasi Hills, Ri Bhoi, West Khasi Hills, East Garo Hills, East Jaintia Hills and West Jaintia Hills districts.
This is the closest case of recovery of goods that have arrived in another country.
If he escapes from prison, all his relatives will be killed. 40 percent of those imprisoned in those prisons die from lack of food and drink.
The weapons seized include an MKII assault rifle, a Chinese hand grenade, two pistol magazines, 7.65 rounds of AK-47 rifle, three identity cards of GNLA members. .What has surprised the police is that the explosives manufactured by Amin Explosive PVT Ltd. (ISO 9001 2000) company of Yenvera district Nagpur 441502 India have reached the head of the GNLA. The police said that there was no resistance from the GNLA members during the raid as there was no clash between the GNLA members.
The union also urges the state government to expedite the construction of the office of the C&RD Block or to find ways and means to relocate the office to the C&RD Block as soon as possible. The area has been relocated so that the land and buildings occupied by the old C&RD Block can be released for the purpose of the health department. for the safety and security of the people of the C&RD Block.
Raising the issue, Bah Pynshngianlang Syiem said that the government should understand clearly the land tenure system in the state. On the other hand, Bah Pynshngianlang said that the government should convene a meeting between the government, the Nokmas, Rangbah Shnongs, Syiems and land owners to discuss this issue. task.
The problem is that if the order has been placed for the delivery of the goods but it has not arrived, it is the responsibility of the department to deliver to the places where they should deliver.
Shillong, Naitung 19: The KSU, HNYF, FKJGP, HYC and others on Tuesday commemorated the 184th death anniversary of Syiem Tirot Singh at the struggle against the English.
Shillong, November 28: U Bah Cyril VD Diengdoh on Tuesday said that photographers are the spokespersons to promote tourism in the state, because through their photographs they have promoted tourism.
The amount of money seized in these two days is T.16.65 lakh.
A Work Order has been issued for the construction of the office and the work is in progress.
The funeral service for Bah Makdoh will be held on the 4th of this month at 2 pm at the Mawlai Presbyterian Church.
Ltd,() and in the presence of Doctors and Lab Technicians, who came from the Department of Health Government of Meghalaya, who helped to explain on the subject of Malaria, and also to teach how to use the A quicker test called 'Rapid Test' to get information on the type of malaria that people are suffering from.
The charges against the KSU members by the CWC show that these people are conspiring against the KSU by misleading the people without proper evidence.
This Award will also be given specially to all the students who are disabled and also those who have dropped out of school due to poverty.
KSU War Jaintia Circle congratulates the leading office bearers of the District; President Samla Ohibait Dkhar, General Secretary Samla Albinus Lamurong, Organizing Secretary Samla Leningrad Tariang, Narpuh Circle, Khliehriat Circle, Jowai Circle and various units of War Jaintia Circle were present on the occasion.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: The FKJGP Sengkmie has inaugurated the office of the East Khasi Hills Agriculture Cell at Mawlyngad village. “The Farmer's House” by MCS BDO Mawryngkneng Block.
On the other hand, Bah Nongbri informed the Superintendent of Police, South West Khasi Hills that Ajit Sinha is not in Kulang village and this is just a slander.
The construction of the Nongtnger Kur Dorbar Hall started in April 2016 and was completed within a year and was inaugurated on 26th March 2017 by the Syiem of the Hima. Nongstoin because the Nongjri area falls under the Nongstoin Hima.
This will also provide employment opportunities to the educated youth of the state.
In reply, Bah Syiem said that “the same person who signed the MoU with UCIL, the same person who wrote to Jitendra Singh, Union Minister of State for Child Development and he is the one who passed through the MoU. “The investigation by the CBI should include who drafted the MoU, don't leave it empty,” said the CEM. “The CEM is an agent of UCIL, the people are angry, the MDCs, the EMs don't know anything, don't talk about the issue of the people, why has it passed, don't talk about the decision of the people”.
KSU Umiam has held a Short Meeting on Environmental Protection with MEECL Secondary School, Umiam.
The Padma Vibhushan is awarded for outstanding services.
The second Bill, the Constitution of Traditional Dorbar Bill, was passed by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council on 3rd October 2016 and the third is the Constitution of Subordinate. Council of Traditional Chiefs and Headmen ) Rules, 2018, in accordance with Notification No.DC.XXVII/GENL/97/2018/4 under Rule 73(2) of the AD Rules 1951 issued on 23rd October 2018 in Khasi Hills   Autonomous District Council.
Think for the welfare and life and death of us indigenous people.
Speaking to reporters, he admitted that he had done nothing wrong.
He said the findings of the task force should be used to ensure full implementation in the coming fiscal year.
According to the discussion, he was asked why it will take many years for the department to set up a school in these areas.
The KSU understands that the inability of the officers of PWD and South West Khasi Hills District to respond clearly when asked for clarification at the public hearing in Mawpat shows the corruption of the two lane road and the government's schemes. Play chess with this project.
This allocation cannot be met according to the needs, but this shows that the MDCs are with the people at this time of crisis.
The ban on coal mining has not only affected the people of Meghalaya, but has also affected many coal mining factories, such as coal mining factories in Assam, coal mining factories and how ter ter.
The MDC election in Garo Hills will be dark and uncertain for the NPP party. On 12th October 2020, the media reported that the Cabinet will take a decision on the GHADC. The Cabinet will decide on that day.
He added that education and training centers should not only operate in schools but should go hand in hand with the support of the Government.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Shooting Association of Meghalaya (SAM) in a petition sent to the Minister in charge of Sports of Meghalaya, Zenith M Sangma, today said that the Shooting Association of Meghalaya (SAM) He said the government will provide land for training in pistol shooting.
This is done by amending the Meghalaya Excise Rule
On the other hand, the West Garo Hills District Police have taken all necessary measures to ensure that criminals should not be allowed to smuggle alcoholic beverages into the state and especially into Garo Hills District.
Regarding these assistance, the Office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District urges all to go to the places designated by the Office of the Block Development Officers and bring the necessary documents such as Birth Certificate of your children and your EPIC to register for Aadhaar.
Members of the Village Defense Party (VDP) of these villages have assisted the BSF troops to prevent the spread of COVID-19 in the state. Bangladeshis entered the border with Bangladesh at this time.
We desperately need to come up with standards of practice that will reduce the incidence of a potential disease such as chronic disease.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday warned the people not to kill poor animals especially in the country. The feast of Bakrid will be held on the 12th of November.
Shillong, Naitung 14: Police have received a complaint from Shirley Lim, resident of Lower Lachumiere, Shillong, that on the 13th of this month at 6.27 pm, Joy Rabha phoned her. Please open the door of the house because it is locked inside the house.
