“Rotation to other wards may not be feasible due to the advanced skills needed.
The KSU, FKJGP, HNYF and RBYF have expressed their anger against the government for taking advantage of these acts against the people due to the lockdown. I'm infected with the corona virus.
The District Council will now write to all the Chief Executive Members to make it clear to them that they have to obey the District Council and not the Grand Council of Bah John Kharshiing.
The union has given only 10 days for the bank to open. If the bank cannot operate within this time, the union will not hesitate to think of another way.
This will allow students the freedom to choose courses based on their skills, experience or knowledge and the ability to enter and leave at any time they wish.
Dr. Ao said that there are some weak seats and there are some seats which are only within the area but the party will try to work hard to reach these seats.
The amount released is for the period from June 2012 to April
After the boot camp, they will meet to discuss the formation of a new government in Delhi.
Speaking to reporters after the inspection, he said that the responsibility for this incident has been carried out by the PWD Construction Department. The contractor who carried out the work in another group said that these people should be prosecuted and punished according to the law.
Regarding the National Games to be held in 2022, the discussion lasted about 30 minutes.
Through RTI, it was found that the amount of money received by the government from these 1,56,563 job seekers has reached T.57, 88, 367/- tyngka.
The amount released this week is the 12th such payment made to the States.
Agnes' action was to express her condolences to the violence against the residents of Mawtari and Umsawli who protested when their houses were demolished by the authorities. together with the cleaners.
Their protest is in accordance with democracy.
Shillong, Nailur 20: Prof. Prabha Shankar Shukla, Vice-Chancellor of NEHU Tura, today inaugurated the new buildings at NEHU Tura. There are four residential buildings for Group D staff and two residential buildings for hostel supervisors.
600 DMHOs in North Garo Hills, 900 in South Garo Hills, 1055 in South West Garo Hills, 895 in East Garo Hills and 20905 DMHOs have been distributed to all the DMHOs of different districts.
The prizes for the winners are: First Prize: Rs.75,000/- (Seventy-Five Thousand Rupees) + Certificate & Trophy.
If you are going to study abroad or you are working, you should know where you are.
The KJDSTA also demanded that when introducing any new subject, it should be allocated and paid by the government and not just introduced to avoid the burden on the parents.
“When asked, Bah Metbah said that there is no candidate from the RDA yet. “We have not discussed the name of anyone in the RDA but we will announce in due course, which we will discuss at the meeting. to be soon," he said.
Shillong, Nailur 03: The number of COVID-19 Positive cases in the state has started to decrease in the past few months. to the workers of the people.
Dr Mukul said the government should answer this question, at the same time he said the people of the state should ask questions on this and he said there are other teams of inquiry. such as NIA and CBI which can also investigate.
He said that since 1993-94, the Adhoc Schools in the state have not been upgraded to the Deficit System.
The B.Ed college will start next year.
Speaking at a short meeting to encourage these youths, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh (Bah Pai) MDC Mawkynrew Constituency congratulated and blessed these youths. have the spirit of struggle until you reap the fruit of victory.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: The celebration of the Khasi National Day today began with a prayer at the ground floor of the Khasi National Union (KNU) in Mawkhar, where hundreds of people attended the ceremony. .
Shillong, Nailar 30: U Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, on Tuesday said that the T.163.31 crore received from the Central Government has been collected from the government. He demanded 10% of the funds for the maintenance of public forests.
Forty deacons were consecrated, two from the diocesan order, one from the Jesuit order and nine from the Silesian order.
The arrested were Agodo Chinedu Frank, 35, Rose Sekhose, 34, Oria Francis, 28, John Onyekweli Ofodile, 35, Toh Bi Gorgers, 25 and Angela Omoruyi, Barry Amadou, 30, from Nigeria, is the only one from Guinea.
The villagers complain that they are now living in fear and anxiety.
Besides, it was also found that even foreign shopkeepers who have proper documents have not paid the Professional Tax.
The Prime Minister said that the country has had two curfews so far, both of them are different in some respects, and now they have to think about the way forward.
The Federation of Khasi States fully supports the demand for ILP because it has already been included in the Instrument of Accession & Annexed. Agreement (IOA & AA) and recently under the Hima Maharam Syiemship Rules 2009 and Hima Nongstoin Syiemship Rules 2006 through the following Rules and what is needed is to amend the rule to provide for the penalties if found guilty of violating The Administration Rules, 2009, states as follows: Section
The Village Authorities have been directed to disseminate this information to the villages.
Preparations are underway to build a road along the border with Bangladesh from Mahendraganj in South West Garo Hills to Ratachera in East Jaintia Hills District. years to come said the prime minister.
The union also informed that these mynder ri, not only destroy the crops, but also threaten the villagers who work in the fields if they dare to drive them away.
The species typically exhibits a rounded or oval head with a distinct posterior slope, while the abdomen is ovoid or elongated, showing light and dark horizontal bands.
Speaking to reporters, Biangshwa Shylla, President of the Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association, said that the vehicles carrying goods are still receiving the truck. but if you reach the railway line, the cars will be set.
The opening ceremony of the Shnong Road sponsored by the MDC of Mawkynrew Constituency has been a great blessing to the village as a whole. They have prepared to host the Bah Assembly service which will start from 7-9 April 2017 for the convenience of the visitors. public transportation.
He alone came out to speak and express the concerns of many churches.
The Government of India's ignoring and forgetting of these agreements is an attack by the rulers on the minorities through laws which have not come according to the will of the majority.
In his speech, Union Minister RK Singh said that this scheme is a scheme which the Union Government has implemented with the aim of bringing about changes in the country as a whole. He wants to see that all the villages in India have access to electricity and especially for those poor households.
The Government has directed all banks to ensure that the people do not face any problems.
The meeting was held on Saturday at Tura Circuit House. The group works and looks after the development of the North Eastern Region of India under the National Transport Development Policy. The NTDPC, in its report, has strongly urged the development of the region to build a road from West Bengal to Mahendraganj of South West Garo Hills via the Hili via Bangladesh. distance only about 10 km.
The injured are currently undergoing treatment at Robert Hospital Shillong and are in good health.
On the other hand, Bah Dimarsing expressed his desire to come forward with the spirit of serving the constituency and to restructure the District Council together with the party.
If this Act is amended, it will violate the Constitution of India.
The purpose of this exhibition is to enable the students to get a clearer understanding by seeing with their own eyes about this method of generating electricity.
Isn't it time for us all to think about how we can exploit the mineral resources without destroying the environment or the fire that surrounds us?
Union Home Minister Shah has directed to strengthen security at the border areas especially in the areas where signs have not been erected to ensure that no one can enter illegally through the border areas.
The Central Government should find ways to curb the illegal entry of Ministers into the region. Referring to the income, NESO said that the region needs development projects especially for the construction such as roads, bridges and others related to economic development.
This village is still under the Raid Mawbuh of the Mylliem Hima, said Bah Jophas.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Kyrshan Rumnong, General Secretary, said, “We have not received our salary for four months and even the 10% DA since From July to October, we have not received anything yet for the four months of salary of the employees which will reach T.2.62 crore.
He said that the reason for the shortage of staff is that instead of a Lineman, they have appointed a Casual Helper to look after these areas.
The union led by Asst Secretary Pynshai Kupar Dkhar and met with the Branch Manager of SBI Ladrymbai to work with the union by conducting public hearings on these issues. East Jaintia Hills District including school children, college students, women and the elderly.
The recruitments are being made in various Federal Departments and the State/ UT Governments are supporting this initiative.
He said that for 200 students inside the college there are only two buses and this has created problems for the students because it has been overcrowded by the authorities. they should put more buses.
In a statement, NEC Secretary K.Moses Chalai said, “We will rebuild the Ïewduh.
The Khasi Students ' Union Girls ' Wing Central Body on July 16 expressed its deep sorrow over the incident of injury and robbery of a woman from Umlynhong , Smit A foreigner who used to sell and sell plastic items took advantage and looted gold jewelery such as earrings and sati by cutting off his hands.
At the same time, the Rotary Sohra Marathon Committee announced the prizes of the race.
The curfew has been a barrier for them to reach the area.
“Why don't the day laborers have the right to have their salary reach their bank account? If we, we get it, while others don't, it's a sad thing," she said.
The decision not to have anything to do with the KHNAM party was taken when Bah Samuel Jyrwa was the president of the KSU and this decision stands today.
Through this amendment, 30 subjects including Public Works Department, Forests, Public Health Engineering, Health & Family Welfare, Urban Development and Food & Civil Supply will be handed over to the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Territorial Council (KAATC). The Central Government intends to introduce the election rules to the Village and Municipal Authorities in order to bring about governance. to all the villages of these states.
There are 3152 people in the state who have come forward to take advantage of this benefit and the amount of money received by MeECL through this light bill has reached T. crore.
If you are a volunteer, you have the right to work or not.
The village is proud to continue the traditional methods of producing silk yarn where there is no killing of insects while extracting the yarn.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, he said that the theft of films worked hard by others to take them and sell them back to the people is illegal.
The public meeting will be held on the 18th at Jowai, on the 21st at Khliehriat and Umsning, Ri Bhoi District. The 23rd will be held at Nongstoin and Mawkyrwat.
The latest reports received by the SP News Agency said that the government's agriculture department is now in a difficult situation how to explain to the public about the harmful effects of synsar cultivation as it affects the soil. The cultivation of the plant has made it difficult for other plants to survive.
The mission oversees the screening and treatment of people between the ages of 0-40 years.
He said that the KHADC has the Solid Waste Management Act, 2020 and now they will soon announce the new rules and in these rules the Dorbar Shnongs will be empowered to punish those who violate the law. The Act has established a department within the KHADC to look after this task only to fight for the cleanliness of the synrums.
The result is that 100 percent of Koreans vote for their favorite leader.
Jowai, July 23: The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) East Jaintia Hills District (HANM) is deeply concerned about the government's violation of the human rights of the Grade 4 students who have been arrested at Nongstoin Police Station.
On this occasion, the mothers protested against the Assam police against the Assam police who wanted to attack her house to build a police outpost.
A group of youths led by volunteer Barilang Pyngrope have fought for the amendment of the age limit of the Police Department and the Office Memorandum (OM) for the year 2022, which extends the age limit from 27 years to 32 years and for Schedule Tribes, from the age of 32 to 37 years in various Government jobs.
The total number of cases in the state is 2 cases from East Jaintia Hills, 62 cases from East Khasi Hills, 3 cases from Ri Bhoi and 6 cases from West Garo Hills.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Secretary of the Raj Bhavan Secretariat, Bah HM Shangpliang, said that it is true that the Governor has resigned from his post. to get to the office.
The Seng said that if this road is good, we believe that it will boost the tourism industry in the region as a whole and especially in the state as well because the presence of beautiful places in this region attracts many tourists. Tourists however are often reluctant to travel due to the poor condition of the road.
He said that the purpose of the collaboration between the KHADC and the World Bank is not only to address the problems of garbage from households and villages, but also to ensure that these The rivers in Shillong and the surrounding areas should be clean and tidy.
Shillong, June 10: The JSU today re-created the South Border Zone which includes 16 villages in East Jaintia Hills District.
On this Bill, the KHADC has passed Section 3 of the Principal Act.
Until today, the fire brigade has been spraying water on the house because until now they have not been able to enter the house to check. At the time of writing of this news, they have not been able to enter the house. to determine the cause of the fire and the extent of the damage.
There is also a call center which works 24 hours a day, 7 days a week to assist those who need to get more information on COVID-19, the delivery of medicines and the software Co-WIN. deliver COVISHIELD and COVAXIN to all parts of the country with the assistance of the Civil Aviation Department of the Central Government.
On the other hand, the doctor in charge of Diengpasoh PHC, said that the deceased girl had gone to the doctor to request that she wanted to have an abortion.
New Delhi, Naiwieng 09: Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Tuesday said that it has been two years since the demonetisation in the country.
Denmark, Switzerland, the USA, Korea, France and Germany are the prominent countries where their players are expected to do well.
It is through this day that they get the rongser to show to the east, west, east and west that they are Khasi.
"If the CM of the state is ready to help the foreigners, who will help the foreigners or the citizens of the country?" he said. Rangbah Shnong of Semasi village by stabbing him in the head.
Among the borrowers there are about 7 crore such entrepreneurs who have started a business for the first time and have become new entrepreneurs.
Members and leaders of the KSU led by General Secretary Donald V. Thabah, relatives of Bah Bul including his sister, Kong Hana Lyngdoh, attended the ceremony.
The Shnong Umsawkhwan Youth Association strongly opposes this person who spoke patriotically when he was a leader of the Bhalang where he used to speak to protect the nation and shyiap of the indigenous people but he is the same person. another person who wants to change completely when he is in power to take away the land which is the rightful inheritance of the people.
Speaking to reporters, Aloslos Nongpoh, Secretary of the Border Area, said, “They came today to tell us that they as members of the Border Area will leave. Write a letter to the Chief Minister of the State regarding the construction of the bye-pass road, the existing bye-pass road, and that they as the people who come from the border villages want the bye-pass road and not the bye road. -pass and it has already reached Umsning and tomorrow morning they will send a letter to the Chief Minister. The Magistrate of Nongpoh, Nongpoh, has found that those who want the bye-pass of the current 129 candidates and the bye-pass of the There are 124 cases in this survey. This is the highest number of existing surveys. “It is clear that the government has iuhroit this survey team,” said Bah Nongpoh. Mawhati “He said that the people in Mawhati area want to extend the road to Mawhati” (Sp news).
Police are conducting investigation to find out the cause of the fire which has caused severe damage to the area and it is understood that it will also affect the nearby factory.
The Seng also urged the SDO to take action on this demand by sending for the removal of the fence and to demand that the BSF troops should immediately stop harassing the protesters.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: Answering a question by Bah Gabriel Wahlang on how the government will fight unemployment, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said that the government has taken many measures. ways to fight unemployment.
The FKJGP said that the Khasi Patriotic Home in Nongklaw should be improved and beautified so that it can be used to display articles, photographs and films about the life of Khasi Patriotic Home. he was a sword-bearer who fought against the French.
Bah Lambok Sumer has made history in the JHADC by becoming the first CEM to resign without a vote in the House. council.
The president of the youth wing said that the village headmen have met and expressed the problems faced by the village regarding the CHC to the officials of the department. The state government has been responsible for the health care system in the past years but these departments have said that they cannot appoint doctors or nurses according to the needs of the CHC due to the lack of staff. .
District Youth Leader Award (East Khasi Hills District), 2.
Shillong, July 22: The Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE), Jowai in collaboration with the North East Slow Food and Agribiodiversity Society (NESAF) has conducted a one-day training on how to Berkely Composting on 21 January 2019 at Mukhap village, West Jaintia Hills.
Nongpoh, March 18: The Mawhati Block Congress Committee (CDC) today confirmed Bah Charles Marngar as the Chairman of the DCC of Ri Bhoi District. Congress candidate for the 2018 MLA election from Mawhati Constituency.
The investigation revealed that four suspects are Wilban M Sangma, 30, Withmill S Marak, 29, Lathin M Sangma and Rongsrang M Sangma.
The Governor of Meghalaya on this occasion said that he has seen that there is a behavior by some people to distinguish themselves from other people of India. Such acts should not be encouraged and one thing should be done is to respect each other and to ensure that people from other parts of India know the bravery of these three heroes. wait for Ri.
The District Magistrate has warned that anyone who violates these rules will be punished under Section 188 of the IPC and this notice will come into force immediately from 12th November
Kharlyngdoh said that on the 12th of last month, all the people of Hynniewtrep came to discuss the issue and created the name of the HYC. The HYC includes all. Khasi Pnar and Bhoi.
In the confession of the two arrested persons, they said that their attempt to kidnap unidentified persons was to form a new rebel group. They have hidden explosives at Umdu village in Ri Bhoi District.
In honor of the actor who came to shoot the film in the state, they held dances and games in honor of him.
“Ka AJYWO also demands that the District authorities should expedite the release of the bailuksan which should be delivered to all those who are entitled to receive it due to the affected land, houses and property. They have been involved in the construction of the NH-6, so that this road can be completed soon for the safety of the people”.
Shillong, July 21: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today announced that three more cases of COVID-19 have recovered after testing negative twice.
In his welcoming speech, Bah Charles said that their visit shows that the TMC party has a goal to serve the people of the state.
On the part of the Rangbah Shnongs of Umproi Pyllun, they gave their support to these organizations.
According to sources close to the Soil and Water Conservation and Horticulture Department, the government has forgotten about the coffee cultivation in Meghalaya because it has not used it. The government has been able to assist the farmers.
The hearing was held under the supervision of Chief Justice, High Court of Meghalaya, Justice HS Thangkhiew, Executive Chairman, MSLSA. E.Kharumnuid, Registrar General, High Court of Meghalaya and members of MSLSA. Today, 276 cases have been registered and out of these 83 cases have been resolved. Many government departments have been closed on this day.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the meeting has decided not to celebrate this year as the 'Year of Farmers' due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
The Prime Minister has encouraged us to free Meghalaya from drugs and we will continue to work hard using social media,” he added.
At this meeting, Bah John F Kharshiing, Co Chairman, was presented with the list of children whose parents have suspended treatment according to the orders of the doctors.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: Tens of lakhs of rupees have been seized by the Flying Squad four days before the polling in the 2-Tura Parliamentary Constituency for the mid-term elections. On the 16th of this month, the election authorities have intensified the search of vehicles to track down more money carriers.
Shillong, July 10: U Rinaldo K Sangma MDC of 23-Rongrong Constituency has demanded that the government should order the contractor to expedite the construction of the road from Resulbelpara which passes through Gajing to Mendipathar.
The age of employment has been extended to five years for ST/SC/OST applicants. Speaking to media after a meeting with the Secretary of CRB, Barilang Pyngrope said that the CRB is not necessarily the body that can issue a determination regarding the age of entry.
The Minister said that we should promote the use of NESAC and it can be used to reform the way we look at natural disasters, water related activities and management.
Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that in the past there have been such acts and this has allowed others to complain to the law enforcement authorities, but now the KHADC has spoken about it. within the EC and will take a decision to ban the public from applying for trading license or labor licence.
Shillong, Naiwieng 09: The Social Service Centre, Shillong Archdiocese, which is one of the voluntary departments of the Catholic Church, will provide training to people in many areas on November 2017 has visited Dong Namlang one of the villages of Jongksha under Mawkynrew Constituency to provide training and also to provide assistance for the purpose of bringing about a clean environment according to the modern technology.
Jackson Sohtun said that AT Mandal has agreed to take action and will hold a meeting with the officers of the Fire Department. Furthermore, Bah Baiateilang Lapang said that the light was turned off from 7 pm to 8 pm and the light went out again from 11 pm to 8 pm. 6 pm, not only that but the light is usually off, even at 8 or 9 pm it doesn't come on, after that it's time to turn off the light from 9 pm to 12 noon.
The meeting was addressed and explained by Inspector MN Khan, Officer In-charge, Laitumkhrah Police Station. Police (Hqr), Shillong.
The main discussion at the meeting was how to protect the border between the two countries in order to bring peace on the border.
He alleged that the proposal to implement the CAB is the wish of the RSS and the BJP party. The Congress will not allow this to happen.
Shillong, Lber 30: The Ambassador of Bangladesh to Guwahati today celebrated the 50th Anniversary of Independence.
Police of Ri Bhoi and Rynjah Police Station have arrested Tilak Rai, who was trying to take the drugs, and a suspected drug dealer. R. Gracy Harveinai and T.1,04,000/- were seized from them.
The Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof. Prabha Shankar Shukla, has urged the President of IAN to set up a working center at NEHU. of them are produced in India.
Shillong, Nailar 27: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today announced that 262 people have tested positive for COVID-19, the highest number of cases are from East Khasi Hills (162), Ri Bhoi The total number of cases is
This is also the case for the villages under the Civil Sub Divisions Pynursla and Sohra and those under the C&RD Block under the East Khasi Hills District during the curfew. as directed by the Ministry of Home Affairs in connection with the COBID-19 pandemic in the state and the country as a whole.
The decision was taken at a meeting of the MPCC Election Committee held at the residence of party president Bah DD Lapang.
The JSU has witnessed that in the past years, the Jowai Center has appeared in the MPSC Form, and those who wish to write the exam in Jowai can tic or fill up at the Jowai Centre, but now However, the Center does not have a name in the form and Shillong and Tura remain only and this can be witnessed through the Application Forms of the MPSC which were printed or released on 25/02/2
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC-CEC) on Tuesday launched the song 'Bei Rymaw', which calls on mankind to protect the environment.
D Program offered by IIM Shillong and part time Ph.D offered by Jindal Global Law School and IIT.
Pyndeng Nongbri, Lber 16: Senior office bearers of the Seng Kur Warjri have visited Pyndeng Nongbri village for the purpose of setting up the Kur office which has separated from Mairang for remote reasons. you are the branch of Mairang.
“You must carry forward reforms.
On the other hand, the JSU has said that not only the letter but also the Commissioner Secretary, Minister I/c. Health ter ter to various Chief Ministers, but this letter and meeting is in vain.
The Seng also informed that the Residential School Building has turned into an abandoned house and it is like wasting the money of the people.
The players awarded by the club are Bipin Singh (SPL Player of the Year), Samuela Lalmuanpuia (Young Player of the Year), Pritam Kumar Singh (Fans Player of the Year), Kunzang Bhutia (Excellent Player Spirit) Penn Orji (Player of the year) Aiborlang Khongjee (Legends Award) Boithang Haokip (Legends Award).
The hospital has also moved forward to acquire more space to expand its services and this goal is almost achieved.
As a sign of gratitude, the party has decided to donate blood in the coming days, and the party requests and invites the members and residents of Jantia Hills, to please donate blood. Come forward with a courageous spirit and a spirit of service to your fellow believers to donate blood in these days to be announced.
The Deputy Commissioner said that the release of buses to pass through the bridge will be according to the following rules: The time of release of buses will be from 6 pm to 11 pm and from 2 pm to 8 pm. .
Police have arrested 10 suspects from abroad. Police in the state have been very vigilant in this regard to ensure that smugglers cannot smuggle drugs into the country. this state.
He said that if the family members know that the child belongs to them, they can go to work.
Police have arrested three persons identified as Tazirul Sheik, of 20 Fersakandi, West Garo Hills and the driver of the vehicle, Binod Baro. of Ukhura, Kamrup District, Assam and Abdul Mukit of Shiberchak, Badarpur, Karimganj District, Assam.
It is a matter of concern that the state's economy is low compared to the country as a whole which is already lower than other emerging markets.
The union has lodged a complaint with the CEM of KHADC on 6th July 2019 and the MLA of Nongpoh but on 22nd November 2018 he has convened a Dorbar in the area. The Dorbar has opposed the registration of the land.
Out of the 1456 cases, 1200 cases are under 45 years of age and vaccination is the only way to prevent the spread of the disease. There are currently 65 ICU beds and 700 oxygen beds in the state.
At the end of the tournament, East Khasi Hills team has managed to hold the top spot in the medal table, after winning 10 gold medals, 5 3 Silver and 3 Bronze medals.
On the closing day on 12th November 2018, certificates were also distributed to the participants.
The attempt was made to clear the bomb from a Su-30 bomber at Kalaikunda Airport.
The Organizing Committee of KSU Mawlai Circle on Tuesday visited the mynder working in different villages in the district.
The village has already informed the government.
When you do this, there will be confusion and you will not be able to satisfy everyone.
The rain fell at 12.24 pm and continued until 4:54 pm.
However, with the addition of Teiborlang Pathaw, Grace Mary Kharpuri, Macdalyn S Mawlong, Lamphrang Blah, Mitchell Wankhar and Fantin Jospeh Lakadong, the party has increased its number of MDCs to 11 in the House.
The theme of the Roundtable, “Joseph went to register with Mary”, was taken from the Gospel according to Luke chapter 2, verse
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, said that the government has decided to provide adequate health services to the people of the state. The Government's intention to provide adequate health services in the rural areas will also be provided in the urban areas.
East Khasi Hills District has 34 cases, 26 cases from BSF and 6 cases from others.
Thomas Jones, a Christian scholar who invented Roman characters to write and read the Khasi language, paved the way for writing.
During the visit, the officers showed the Chief Minister the map they have already drawn on how the entry and exit point will be located at the site.
After this, there was also a drawing and painting competition at the State Central Library, a shooting competition, a performance of ksew, dramas by the school children, followed by a musical performance at the Polo Ground.
Bah Roipar said that the two persons who have arrived at the Civil Hospital have not yet been able to eat anything and are still holding on to their demands.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: St. Paul's UP School, Jatah Lakadong on 28th April 2017 launched the Inter House School Meet 2017 in the presence of parents and students. school children including the residents of the village along with the invited guests.
The union will continue to oppose the application of the Deputy Commissioner's Office for military positions at this time but we will wait for the results of our report.
The meeting was chaired by JA Lyngdoh State Vice President, BJP Meghalaya State Vice President David Kharsati, BJP Meghalaya General Secretary Bashailang Khongwir and Sanbor Shullai MLA. 19South Shillong.
Whether it is the state government or the central government, everyone has to work together to carry this responsibility on their shoulders.
The four persons who were arrested were driving a Maruti car. The arrest of these drug traffickers was after they received a tip-off from the workers. with the people.
The Political Affair Committee has held a meeting today to discuss how to strengthen the party and former MLAs and MDCs have also attended the meeting. to join the party which was accepted today.
The union urges the district council which is the stieh of the jaidbynriew to think carefully on this issue and not to issue the NOC. The voice on the railway line and that is not to give permission to the NFR or the government itself.
The Minister of Education said that the government has requested the census from the schools and after receiving the census, it will be possible to know the number of students as the reopening of schools has just begun. .
Regarding the allegation that there is such a contract cut, he said that there is no such cut, but there are only 120 employees. The Departmental Promotion Committee and the Secretariat have their own. Government employees should know this.
To follow up on the schemes, there is RTI which they can request not only from the state but also from the central government. He urged all the government ministers to implement the schemes for their benefit. public.
Some VECs have requested to create opportunities to use part of the 100 days in agriculture and livestock.
The states of the region have experienced rapid economic growth in the last six years as the Government has focused on the development of transportation and infrastructure.
The KSU strongly condemns the Pro VC of NEHU Tura Campus for refusing to meet with these NEHUSU leaders and insulting them. to thew the Nation.
Maduh FC scored three goals through Terrence Jyrwa in the 57th and 68th minutes followed by Wanshan Sohtun in the 66th minute.
““In fact, during the fire in Khyndai Lad on Saturday, the market vendors and members of the Seng immediately collected their goods and immediately closed down the sales.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Agnes said that since they lodged the FIR, the police have not registered a case.
Another bill to be introduced is the Khasi-Jaintia Fishery Amendment Bills 2023, which has been in force since 1954. Since then, the purpose of this Act is to empower the fishery. villages to preserve the rivers and streams which are the sources of water especially for the fish.
“Are there no brothers and sisters who are strong enough to have not even entered the UR Category? How can one ethnic group get 33 seats in the UR category out of 34? Are there no other educated communities in the region who can get these posts? Has the Education Department of that District used the resources to educate only one ethnic group? Who is involved in creating the division in education that only one ethnic group is skilled while other ethnic groups are not capable?
The Cabinet also introduced an amendment to the Act, which previously stated that those who fail to pay taxes would be imprisoned for three years, but now this has been abolished and a new rule has been introduced to send them to pay four times. and an interest rate of 12 cents per annum.
The two were arrested on Tuesday.
Facilities for the disabled will also be provided at all the screening venues and other parts of the festival this year.
After this, he moved to Bhutiapara and started farming on other people's land.
Because this is a health center where many mothers from all over the Khasi Hills come to Ganesh Hospital to give birth. whether the allegation is true or not.
He said the role, functioning and strength of the electoral authorities are the foundations of 'electoral integrity' as it looks at the foundation and functioning of any democratic country.
Shillong, November 08: U L Mohanti, Inspector General, Meghalaya Frontier, has visited the border with Bangladesh to inspect the border with Bangladesh. shiah knife.
Mairang, March 27: As part of the celebration of Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav, the office of the District Sports Officer, Nongstoin in collaboration with the District Sports Promotion Society, Nongstoin today held a The Fit India Freedom Run 3.0 was held at the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Meghalaya, Mairang.
Of these, 320 are males and 25 are females. Of these, the Congress has 6 women and the UDP has 5 women.
In Shillong, it will be two days long.
He said that the party has given ticket to Darly Ch Momin from Tura because the party wants to give way to the youth. Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma has said that the government will continue to support the project.
On the same day, a written statement on the rules and regulations for Biodiversity Management Committees (BMCs) in Khasi and Garo languages ​​was also launched.
The same petition was submitted to the Task Force Committee in
In his speech, the Vice President said that it is necessary to open up opportunities for the youth to acquire skills, he said that it is necessary to have training centres. These are the factors that are relevant to industry, happiness and health. These are essential for employment not only in the country but also in the world.
However, there are other words that are not used to teach how to speak, how to speak.
Speaking to reporters after the investigation, Donbok Kharlyngdoh, Vice President of the union, said that the summons was based on a complaint filed in
Regarding this Working Scheme, the KHADC has started to build it since then and has not been able to complete it. KHADC has not been able to complete it yet.
The Minister was accompanied by Vice Chief of Army Staff Lt Gen Sarath Chand and GOC-in-C Eastern Command Lt Gen Abhay Krishna.
Most important among these changes is the strengthening of the resources and strength of the Autonomous District Councils in Assam, Meghalaya, Mizoram and Tripura which is the fulfillment of the aspirations of the people living in these states.
It is prohibited to enter Shillong without a valid pass.
The Secretary, DARPG, KV Eapen, in his speech at the closing ceremony, said that the NCeG 2019 is one of the most comprehensive conferences held so far.
At this meeting, the Minister in charge of Electricity said that from Lat Nongkrem to Maryngkeng there are about 2000 households and 20 transformers but there is only one person to look after this. It has created problems in the villages when there is a shortage of light.
He said that there is still a shortage of LCSs in Meghalaya and those who have them have spoken to the MHA to improve these markets to increase income. At present, Meghalaya still has one trade route with Bangladesh at Dawki, Majai, Beltoli, Shella, Borosra, Sherkaw and Bagli in the Khasi Hills. You are from Garo Hills.
Speaking to SP News Agency by phone, AMSSASA Garo Unit General Secretary Marak said that the letter was signed by someone else. They did not sign the letter, and the General Secretary did not sign it.
At the same time, he said that those households who have not received this time should not worry because last year the tins will be distributed again and again and it will be your turn to receive because those who have received now they shall not have it.
During the investigation, the BSF revealed that there was a man named Md Sukur Ali, 40 years old, who had worked as a broker for to smuggle people from Bangladesh into Meghalaya.
Patriotic songs and traditional dances were performed by various artists from Eastern West Khasi Hills District and those who came from Shillong as well.
Speaking at the meeting, Nehemayah Tyngkan expressed his satisfaction to see the desire of the Sein Khynroo Khyllood of Thlomgmoo Village to bring about cleanliness in the village.
However, in a recent meeting between the three CEMs of District Councils and the Minister in charge of DC(A), Bah HDR Lyngdoh, it became clear that all the bills passed cannot become law.
The Grand Finale will be held on the 31st of July at the Don Busco Youth Centre.
He said that the HFU stands on the ground to demand from the government to address these issues which is the voice of the farmers through the Meghalaya Farmer Parliament.
Shillong, Nailur 23: Domestic workers in Meghalaya tomorrow will take part in a strike along with the strike across the country to demand the Government to grant their rights.
The death toll from COVID-19 in the state has risen to
Referring to India to become a major hub for data collection, he said there needs to be proper cooperation on data availability, use of data collected, development of information and the personalization of the acquired knowledge.
When we saw the violence we had to throw sticks and fire tear gas," he added.
This was announced by the President of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Raid Nongtung, Bah Blik Sohtun during a meeting with the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem. friday.
She also congratulated the MSHA officials for holding an inter school at Malki Square to select the children.
He said that DERT, MBoSE and teachers including various schools will have to go along with these decisions.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: The President of the National People's Party (NPP), Dr WR Kharlukhi, on Tuesday said that the MLAs who will join the National People's Party (NPP) will join the party on the same day. Conrad K Sangma of the party will welcome them.
The second place went to St. Mary's Higher Secondary School with a cash prize of 20,000 tyngka and the fourth place went to Kiddies Corner Higher Secondary School with a cash prize of 15,000 tyngka.
Earlier, Congress MDC from Nongstoin, Bah Gabriel Wahlang, moved an amendment motion to demand that the bill should be sent to the select committee for consideration.
," said the Seng leader.
They have also been allowed to borrow up to 0.5% of GSDP from the 2% additional borrowing approved by the Government of India due to the COVID-19 pandemic, by removing the rules to bring about change.
The weapon of violence is the best weapon that Gandhiji has given us.
As the Seng which looks after the peace and order of the area, when it sees this incident, it urges the brothers and sisters who live in these two villages to be quick to talk to each other. you TipPriew TipBlei.
Bah Sawkmie said that if he did not come to inspect, the facts would not be known. By coming, he knew and promised to the PHE officials that he would discuss the matter. to go to Delhi to talk to the Ministry of Home Affairs to expedite the approval also has to go.
“The former CEM is from the Congress party and the government is from the Congress party. They have protection because they belong to the same party,” said Bah P. Shillong, March 20: The Superintendent Technical Shillong of Customs and Central Excise, Shillong, on Tuesday said that only the state government can apply for permission to open land customs stations. (LCS), which is new, the office will not accept applications from groups or individuals, said S.Choudhury.
What is the policy of the Hima Mylliem or KHADC on the Raoit because according to the customs and traditions they don't have the right to own land they are only foreigners. Why do the MDCs and MLAs of Mylliem Hima always meet to discuss the Act of the Rule of Mylliem Hima while on the other hand we call for ILP? “It's too late to amend the Acts and Rules of the Hima Mylliem. Now it remains how the KHADC authorities can implement what has been done by collecting. The Dorbar Hima Mylliem and other Himas have a lot of cleanliness.
The MP from Tura, who was also the Minister of State for Child Development in the Union Government, said that the recognition of the NPP as a National Party is only the beginning. Sangma will be alive if you don't want to be alive.
The protest was posted on posters at a meeting held at the State Central Library Shillong today. They also demanded that the SK Mitra report should be withdrawn. employees of the Bank.
Because of his performance, he was also selected for the Best Batter award (senior men category).
The Rural Development Department is currently struggling to improve the preparations for the implementation of DBT in all the 46 blocks in the state, which are currently allowed to implement DBT. consists of 26 blocks.
The villagers of Nongtalang together with the residents of the village have immediately demanded from the MeECL department to repair or replace the defective transformer in the village.
The meeting was conducted by the President of KSU Narpuh Circle, Samla Syrosse Lamare and a speech was also delivered to welcome the new members by the leaders of the Seng including the General Secretary. KSU Narpuh Circle, Samla K. Suchiang, Samla C. Suja Asst GS of KSU JHDU, Samla Ohibait Dkhar Vice President of KSU JHDU and others gave speeches.
The Viksit Bharat SankalpYatra is not just a journey, it is an invitation to do a good job across the country.
Shillong, Lber 05: U Judge S Kharsyiemlieh today swore in Bah Pius Marwein of the UDP party as the full time MDC after winning the mid-term elections. to the 26th MDC constituency.
“Of course, you can criticize, and I believe that those who are involved should bring detailed information and I will be happy to answer,” he said.
Answering questions, the Minister said that the committee will have to submit its report to the government within a day and after receiving the report, the government will be able to take a decision. .
There are 410 cases of COVID-19 in the state, 356 cases in East Khasi Hills District, 278 cases in BSF, 64 cases in others and 64 cases in other groups. There are 14 soldiers so far.
The main issues to be discussed at the meeting were the problems of the teachers regarding the NIOS result on the D.El.
The seats in the ruling party were empty as no one came to take part even to congratulate the newly elected CEM.
These members took oath that as full members of the Hill Farmers Union who have been elected as members of the 1 Meghalaya Farmers Parliament, they will abide by the rules and regulations of the Hill Farmers Union. Conduct of the 1st Meghalaya Farmer Parliament.
The union feels that before the prime minister talks about the railway line to Sohra or Shillong, which is like the bones of a wild elephant that has not been offered for sale, he should talk about the time taken to The Government to introduce various laws to protect the indigenous people of the state from the invasion of other foreign ethnic groups.
Shillong, Iaiong 16: The Secretary in charge of Personnel Department, Bah CVD Diengdoh today issued a government announcement regarding the return of government employees to offices.
In this regard, the KSU will hold a meeting on 23rd June, 2024 at its office in Lad Rymbai to demand that the Government should immediately withdraw the BSF troops from Sonapyrdi.
Officials from the Central Government Departments, State and UT Governments, representatives from the UN, World Bank and others and those involved in this work attended the event.
Shillong, Naitung 07: Three of the four bodies found in Umpleng have been identified today. The post mortem body was handed over to the family members.
The Congress Party has 17 MLAs in the House and with the departure of 12 MLAs, they have escaped the party rules and have been able to form a new party in the House. the State Legislative Assembly.
Shillong, July 26: The Hynniewtrep Youth Party (HSPDP) today led by its President Bah KP Pangniang to submit its recommendations to the Expert Committee on the employment policy in Meghalaya. General Secretary Panbor Ryntathiang, MLA Methodius Dkhar and other party officials.
Due to the increasing security situation due to the measures taken by the Modi Government, the recognition under AFSPA has been withdrawn from 01.0.4.22 from all over Assam except 9 districts and one sub-division under another. districts and from 01.04.2023 this has been reduced to 8 districts.
Born on July 1946 in Bhagora, Jaspur District, Chhattisgarh, Nand first won as an MLA from 1977 to 1998 and as an MP in the Lok Sabha since He served as MP of the Rajya Sabha from 1989 to 2004 and from 2009 to
Because as it is now, banks accept the new law of JHADC, while here in KHADC do not accept this has put the people in great trouble because to register with the government the price is low. palate that bun kim court bor.
Additionally, dedicated helplines are available for reporting cybercrime (1930) and contacting the Shillong Police Control Room (0364-2215427 or 6009196479).
The question to the Forest Department is that what is the purpose of putting that land where it is empty in fact should be allowed especially when our fellow citizens can earn a living from it especially in such cases. “It is a time when the unemployment of the people is excessive, and why will the Seng not allow such acts of violence by the Government against our fellow citizens of the Bri u Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum?” said the statement.
This is the first gate in the state which has been implemented by the MDA government under the Meghalaya Residence Safety Security Act, 2016. According to this Act, people entering Meghalaya they will have to promote themselves in this space.
In his speech, Umsning MLA Bah Jason S Nawlong said that Ri Bhoi District is a district of peace and in the spirit of unity, he urged for cooperation for the sake of the growth of the District.
He said that within the state government there are 75 persons with disabilities working in various government departments.
Therefore, this shows that it is necessary to amend the State Reservation Policy to ensure that there is a common ground between the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo people,” said the KSU. (i) According to the Reservation Policy in force since 1972, the recruitment rate for Khasi-Jaintia is 40 per cent and for Garo is 40 per cent.
There have been 448 recoveries from East Khasi Hills District, 177 from East Khasi Hills District and 177 from East Khasi Hills District. There are 46676 confirmed cases.
Hundreds of people including women and men came in front of the office of the DG of Meghalaya and in writings demanded the immediate release of Bah Rymbai and The group was led by Bah Handarland Nongkseh.
Speaking and present at the meeting were Paiem Dr Balajied S Syiem, Chief of Khyrim Hima, Paiem PM Syiemlieh, Chief of Nongkhlaw Hima, Bah H Skhemlon, Sirdar of Mawdon Hima, Bah HL Rynthathiang, Lyngdoh Hima. Lyngiong, Bah RW Syiem, Syiem of Mawiang, Bah W Syiem, Sirdar of Nongpoh, Bah A Kurbah, Bah G Mylliemngap, Bah G Mylliemngap, Lyngskor of Khyrim Hima, Bah RL Sohliya, Minister of Mawphlang Hima, and others. ministers, Sordars and Rangbah Shnongs.
Shillong, November 05: In a bid to have closer ties with the people of the country, the Government has launched a journey to a developed country through the Viksit Bharat SankalpYatra.
The Cabinet meeting today decided not to bring any more resolution in the House, the government will talk to the Central Government on the resolution of the House. which was passed by the House in 2015.
He assured to provide all the support from DoNER for the development of the centre.
According to police sources, all the coal trucks seized today are from Assam and the seizure of the trucks falls under North Garo Hills District.
Shillong, July 22: The Voice of the People's Party (VPP) today announced its tickets for the 2024 Lok Sabha MP elections. Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon, General Secretary of the party, has been nominated as the candidate for the election.
There are 9 recoveries, all of them from East Khasi Hills District, bringing the total number of recoveries in the state to 83268 so far.
He said that as the children have learned, they should improve what their parents have done; every start.
Nongpoh, Nailar 01: The Ri-Bhoi Area Welfare Association (RAWA) in collaboration with a civil society organization from Ri-Bhoi district, has organized a training on how to farm fish. .
To fight against COVID-19 is not only the government but the cooperation of all those who want to get rid of this disease, the Prime Minister's Secretary urged the people to be thoughtful.
All the 60 persons are from Bihar.
The Chief Executive Members also met with Shri Shambhu Singh, IAS, Joint Secretary, Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India, on the same day, 3rd Jan 2014, at 3.30pm and handed over the same to him. books relating to the History of the Khasi Jaintia Hills.
: Four projects under the PRASAD scheme for Meghalaya have been launched at the 11th International Tourism Mart, including the development of livelihoods for tourists. pilgrimage to the Presbyterian Church, Nartiang Shakti Peeth, Aitnar Pond and Charantala Kali Temple.
Answering a question whether the government will continue to impose the curfew, Prestone said that at present there is no such thought on the part of the government, but if the work demands, the government will look into the matter.
To strengthen the meeting to be held at Madan Student, the civil society organizations held a meeting today in Siejiong with the people of the area which will affect the residents of the area from this government's desire to take land.
The distribution was sponsored by the Children's Hospital, Shillong, Pohkseh as part of the celebration of Food Security Month. eat how children can get healthy food.
Every day, these vehicles will stop at two places and open health camps, Aadhar registration and other services.
However, while removing the requirement of minimum education, the Ministry has emphasized on the training and testing of the drivers so as not to compromise safety in any way.
There are officers who have been sent from government departments.
Shillong, June 04: The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District has imposed Section 144 CrPC on the border with Assam. their work.
Marak as Deputy CEm and 9 other EMs in the Executive Committee.
Both these persons are now in the custody of the police for investigation, to track down the drug traffickers in Shillong and to track down those involved in the illegal trade.
On the other hand, the group urges the Police to stop this plan immediately so that it will not affect the peace and order in the city and the Bri u Hynniewtrep as a whole if the Police and The Government wants to maintain peace and order as it is now.
On the part of the Syiem, he donated T.10000/- to the Mawlai Youth Association.
He said the recently appointed Agri Task Force would release its final report.
When asked, Chyne said he does not know whether there are any other UDP MDCs who will support the current EC.
He said that even in the rural areas, many people are using light and not with lights as in the past. The MeECL office at 7mer upper Shillong , which is in charge of Nongumlong village, has taken action to reduce the power outages. This light has been turned off and has affected the whole village.
The MPCC Election Committee has rejected the names of Vincent H Pala and John F Kharshiing and has turned to RV Lyngdoh. The AICC has retained the names of MP and Bah John after receiving the vote of the people.
The party has decided to seek clarification from the office of the Union Home Minister on the petition submitted to Amit Shah on 21st July
Electrification will improve railway services in the North East.
Minister Duh reiterated that his intention is to use technology in the work of the government in relation to legal matters.
Bah Nasar Marwein, one of the Rangbah Shnongs of the area, said that it is sad to see that BSNL had gone to build a mobile tower in the village three years ago but until now it has not. can complete this tower.
The IED blast happened at about 5 pm and two policemen were killed in the incident. They were guarding the Rongram-Dadenggre road.
Rabi finally got one to stick, although his shot from a nice move through the defense came off the horizontal before crossing the goal line.
Besides the drawing competition, a poetry writing competition, a mobile photography competition and a traditional costume competition were also held.
On the other hand, Assam as it is now has the power to encourage and bring about development projects.
Regarding the highways funded by the Government, the Project Directors and Regional Directors should inspect the roads from time to time.
Francis Hek won the Silver medal and the American Lyngdoh Medal.
In this regard, the JSU said that the absence of different Elaka without proper boundaries has often led to conflict and misunderstanding between the brothers and sisters between one Elaka and another.
The Retuning Officer of the 26-Shella Assembly Constituency, while talking to SP News Agency, said that the nomination papers were found to be complete.
Speech was also delivered by Bah H.Mynsong who said that it is surprising to the people why the MLAs and MDCs of this area have not been able to They came to explain to the people, but they thank Bah C Shadap who is only a citizen for being quick to go and explain in this area adjacent to Block II. “U Bah Mynsong He said that many schemes should have been received and in relation to the development of the economy , but they have not been received at all because all their benefits have been set aside , and let their current candidate, Bah Vincent H Pala, speak and advocate in Delhi if he wins, and also on the issue of peace and stability in the region.
Speaking to reporters, AT Mandal said that as the Speaker of the House, his duty is to stand in the middle without taking sides in the conduct of the work in the House.
She was accompanied by AITC National General Secretary Abhishek Banerjee, who has visited Shillong in the past. West Bengal will be in Shillong for two days.
Shillong, Lber 09: U Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today will send 10 members to the Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
“The questions we would like to ask the Minister of Home Affairs is whether the State Government is still more concerned about the polluting factories or the border with the Hynniewtrep people living on the border?  Why have only 10-15 policemen been deployed in Khanduli Sector but 50-60 policemen to protect the polluting factories? Why have the police been ordered to use tear gas, to bomb the people, to touch the hands of the women while the police on the border have not been ordered to use them? The HYC has asked the HYC that they have guns to protect the border or to shoot tear gas at those Karbi who entered the border of the State in Lapangap. they must answer for these events.
At Galleria Anjalee, the screening will continue from 2nd June and the public can buy tickets online from the counter or book online for both the cinemas.
On behalf of the people's leader who attended the meeting, Bah Donevan Wanlang MDC of Sohra and in his speech he supported this demand. On the part of the MLA of Sohra, Bah Gavin Miguel Mylliem, although he did not attend the meeting, sent a message of support to the District.
Lber,19: Various civil society organizations under the leadership of KSU and FKJGP Mawlai circle today blocked the road from Mawlai Pump to all thehniut vehicles. They threw these niut into the marten and all these vehicles that came had to leave.
Two deaths have been reported from East Khasi Hills District, bringing the total number of deaths to 1467, most of them from East Khasi Hills District. Hills has 994 cases.
He said that when it comes to the development of the state, three years ago the allocation of the Government of Meghalaya was only 900 or 1200 crore but now the Government led by the Congress Party because He appealed to the people to be patient as major changes will soon come in the state. .
Shillong, June 21: U Bah Robert Kharsati and Dany Dkhar, who were arrested on suspicion of drug trafficking, have been handed over to the police.
The owners of the houses expressed their gratitude for the assistance of the organization as one of God's answers to their prayers during their time of need.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: Two persons who had entered India from Bangladesh from Bangladesh have been arrested by the BSF. and fled to Bangladesh.
Although the DC has already announced that no shops will be allowed to open today, several people in Iewduh and Motphran have opened their shops in violation of the order of the DC. The Hima Mylliem, which is in charge of the market, has also announced that the people should not open the market as announced by the District Administration of the government.
Cooperation with the Ministry of Education, District Administration and Police as of July 2022, this has decreased to 31%.
Bah Paul Lyngdoh in his speech said that there is a lack of trust in science, religion, media, civil society and even within religions. to be in the middle he said.
The Awaken India Movement (AIM) Meghalaya State Unit together with other State Units from all over the country held a meeting in Hyderabad recently through the National Meeting Central. Body of the whole country of India.
During the meeting, it was recalled that the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, had met with Pope Benedict in Rome. I'm a Christian.
According to the information received by the union, this road has been constructed under the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana scheme and has a distance of 19.303 kms.
“We have felt sorry for the injured people and their vehicles while passing through the NH4
At the same time, along with the awarding ceremony, the Sein Kur Dkhar, Wapung Circle, will also honor the leaders of the Kur Dkhar, who fall under the Seiñ Kur Dkhar, Wapung Circle, who have been outstanding in various aspects of their lives and careers whether in education, or in any field or area of ​​their lives that clearly demonstrates their uniqueness and that in front of them it is the honor and pride of the Kur Dkhar through the presence of such Riewpawkhmat within the Kur Dkar.
He said that in the past years they have signed with private companies but they have lagged behind and this signing with NEEPCO is necessary because it belongs to the government and this does not fulfill the aspirations of the people.
The reception was held at Tura today.
They congratulated the KSU for taking this important step and at the same time urged the people of the area to give their full support to the KSU on many issues such as you need to move on.
That's why now we call this place "Paradise Lost" when we look around we find only the hills that have been destroyed without any trees.
The MDC elections were conducted by the District Council Affairs Department of the State Government, said the CEO of Meghalaya.
It also appeared in the BJP Policy for Meghalaya 1997 in which it promised to respect these agreements. Late BB Lyngdoh, former Chief Minister said “Khasi States are alive” and others.
Ali, one of the employees of the shop in Bhajanlal, said that today they cannot say anything because it is only the beginning. There is a danger because this place is a market where people come to market, especially those who come for a year and bring their children.
“Regarding the relationship with the ARSS, I strongly demand that they take action and suspend their activities and all activities and punish those involved in this accident,” said the BJP MDC. He also replied that the company has not been registered and is still operating in Garo Hills.
Shillong, K.Lyngkot 03: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today informed that he has convened a meeting to discuss the issue of health, as it was learned that there has been a case of The new strain of COVID-19, known as Omicron, has spread rapidly across the country and only 8 states are still free.
They also requested the people who went to Pyneh Rngiew on this day to refrain from sliew or burning fires, to take care of the surrounding areas and not to spread food items.
This behavior of the people of Karbi has angered the people. This behavior of the Assam police to allow the people is also wrong in fact the presence of the Assam police on the border is to curb the violence.
Most Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh of Shillong Archdiocese was the chief guest to offer the thanksgiving in the presence of the Archbishop of Epiphany Mawbri, Rev. Balenstine Marbaniang and Rev. Alfred L. Nongbri. Director of the Union of Catholic Women's Associations of Shillong Archdiocese, and other Priests.
Shillong, July 13: The Meghalaya BJP State Unit has submitted a petition to the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi at the BJP general meeting in Delhi to oppose the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill, was at Ram Lila.
The rally was held on the first day at Nongthymmai Umsning.
When it comes to the appointment of the king of the Malai Sohmat kingdom , the king was appointed according to the principle , and also when it comes to the tribes to become kings , it is not us who allow but there is a struggle and it is also the Court that renders the decision.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The Meghalaya Joint Trade Union (TTU) today held a May Day celebration at the Additional Secretariat to mark the May Day. along with the rest of the world.
Bah Synrem invited all the people to come out and take part in this march to express their opposition to the CAB. The rally was to express the government's opposition to the Bill before the resumption of the session of the Parliament of India as the Bill is now in the Rajya Sabha.
At 11.30 pm, police seized the Nigh Super Bus and a drug dealer inside the bus.
The arrested persons were handed over to the law enforcement authorities for further investigation.
Shillong, Lber 08: Taking part in the debate on the speech of the Governor in the House, Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit MLA of Nongkrem on Tuesday urged the government to take action to improve the agriculture sector. Meghalaya so that the farmers can survive from agriculture.
Shillong, Nailur 11: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District today said that the number of cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District has risen to 6.7%. to 878 people.
With this victory, Mookhep FC has qualified for the quarter finals.
Commercial vehicles had to turn around after the vehicles could no longer pass through the road which was blocked by the truck which overturned in the middle of the road.
He will also be the first from Meghalaya to represent India abroad in the Mr. Tourism Global competition in collaboration with Global Model India.
“Amlarem Sub Division has villages which pay taxes for electricity but unfortunately there is a shortage of electricity every year during the rainy season and we don't get enough electricity to use it. work and education," he said.
The Prime Minister also said that the principles of the Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra should be the foundation of life.
Regarding the issues to curb the illegal entry of Mynder in various ways, the CEC has directed and empowered all the Districts, Circles & Units of the Seng to be vigilant and work hard on the this part.
There are 31 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 26 from West Khasi Hills, 2 from West Khasi Hills, 1 from East Garo Hills, 1 from East Jaintia Hills and 1 from Ri Bhoi. 1, the total number of recoveries is
Therefore, the JSU has sent a message to the 7 MLAs of Jaintia Hills what they have done for the problems of the people regarding these roads.
Shemphang Nonglang, Vice President of KSU South West Khasi Hills District was also present on the occasion.
Regarding the HNLC's demand for amnesty, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said, “Yes, it can be, but it depends on the type of case because the cases have already been registered, and it is to think something about this.
He said that as a nation they don't see the poor people like in the northern countries because in this Khasi nation there is always help in the villages and townships. The Rupang Shlem is also one of the ways to help others. She congratulated the group for doing this work.
A Maruti Van (AS01 AG 8909) carrying school children of Merry has collided with a Maruti Van (AS01 AG 8909) at Umsaw, Umiam, Ribhoi District. Land School at Mawlein Mawkhan, to take them to their home in Umsawlum village after they leave school.
As the church has held prayers in the past days and months, because of the protests, many people have had to flee, many houses have been burnt, churches have been destroyed and without forgiveness. shuh wat is a child.
Shillong, November 11: The East Jaintia Hills District Council (EJHD) has felicitated Irene Dkhar, Rymbai Village (EJHD), who has recently brought great honor and glory to the State of Meghalaya. and especially to our Hynniewtrep people, as the most beautiful young woman in Northeast India, for her glorious victory in the Miss Northeast,
Police have received information that the timber workers in Umtrew, Ri Bhoi District have fled into the forest and these people have returned to their villages, according to the Superintendent of Police. Police Fear.
According to sources, MeECL is now preparing to set up four automatic payment terminals in Shillong so that the people will not have to queue at MeECL. Hydro office.
He also said that if you turn to the market, you will be charged by a foreigner for ten days.
The party strongly condemns the behavior of the Secretary of the 17th Shillong Constituency.
On the other hand, the Minister said that as of now, the state has many shortcomings in the number of staff in the health sector. will strive to open them as soon as possible.
All the speakers on the occasion set the goal that the party should win the upcoming elections, according to a statement sent by Bah Aistar Kharumnuid President BJP Smit Unit.
UDP EKH leader Titosstar said the party has so far received five applications from the candidates proposed by the Circle.
Not only that, the village has not received the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS), known as the 100 days wage employment scheme.
Many of these startups are led by founders who are women.
: The Ministry of Information and Broadcasting, Shillong has organized a Media Workshop in collaboration with the Meghalaya Police on the 3 Criminal Laws of India. The BNS, the Bharatiya Nagarik Saraksha Sanhita (BNSS) and the Bharatiya Sakshya Adhiniyam (BSA) for the year 2023 in Shillong.
this is available as a special program in 75 cities across the country today.
He said that these buildings belong to the KHADC and some of them have been built by the KHADC and handed over to the Hima and Villages. Answering a question by Bah Balajied Ranee, Bah Pathaw said that the total number of buildings has been completed. to be completed and the remaining 12 are now available.
About an hour or so.
Bah Air Marshall also congratulated all the supporters and workers of the Party and urged them to continue to work harder to bring about a new change which has enslaved the people of the area. about 20 years.
To mark the World Environment Day on the 5th July, the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Mawlai Circle will hold a tree planting ceremony. release Dohkha.
On 1/2/2023, 4 candidates, Rocky Hek from 14-Pynthorumkhrah Constituency, Richard Nongbsap from 20-Mylliem Constituency, Walseng M Sangma from 42-Rongjeng R Constituency, Sarbha private to the 57-Member constituency.
361 personnel will be deployed in Tura Western Range, 361 personnel will be deployed in Mawiong Eastern Range and others will be deployed at the headquarters of the SF-10.
Taking part in the discussion, Bah RV Lyngdoh MDC from Mylliem, said that if the CAB is passed, He said that the BJP's presence in the District Council is to protect the minorities.
Shillong, Nailar 05: Seven MLAs including Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Hamletson Dohling, Jason S Mawlong and Gavin Myllimngap of the PDF, Bah Lambor Malangniang (India) and Saleng A Sangma of the NCP have been elected today. They formed the United Progressive Front (UPF) and sent a letter to Deputy Speaker Timothy D Shira to seek recognition in the House as a group.
This dissemination of false information is against the Disaster Management Act,
The strong support for the Yatra shows the determination of the people of the country to build it.
The JSU appeals to the district authorities of West Jaintia Hills as well as the district authorities of East Jaintia Hills and the government to think carefully about the day laborers to provide food for their families.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: U Bah Hep Lyngdoh of Nongtalang Village, Shillong, was found today with injuries to his hands and feet, after being taken to Dawki PHC for treatment. This morning I went to Shillong.
The Governments of Assam and Meghalaya have not yet handed over the investigation to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) into the incident on 22nd November, 2022 at Mukroh village.
There have been many criticisms of the Central Government and some media outlets have taken this as a campaign.
This training will help the people to know and will prevent people from fleeing from rural areas to urban areas.
As it is now, the change of nature has happened.
The state government should honor them or set up a special program to welcome such youths and perhaps if the government gives special recognition, it will encourage other youths to minot and don't jam forward.
Macdalyn Sawkmie Mawlong has been appointed to the post of Taxation and Information and Technology.
As the village, we should look after the rangli, the juki, the poor and the poor who cannot afford to send for private treatment.
This is evident from the participation of many countries in the opening ceremony today, he said, welcoming the contributions of other countries to the Nalanda project.
Similarly, on the next page, the BJP writes on page 8, these goals are far-fetched.
He said that if you want to withdraw from the contest, you must do so within the stipulated time or before the start of the session.
If the MLAs receive a salary of T.2.10 lakh, the salaries of the government ministers should be increased by reducing the salaries of the MLAs.
This ensured that non-COVID-19 related activities were not affected.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (COMSO) today carried a placard during the visit of Union Minister of State for Child Development Parshottam Rupala at the ICAR in Umiam. Flood District.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Superintendent of Police (SSP) East Khasi Hills District. Hills District has responded to a Facebook post by the President of the party, Bah Ardent Milar Basaiawmoit who is also the MLA of Nongkrem Constituency. Lympung ki Khun Ka Ri”On the part of the party on Tuesday, the party leaders have consulted with their fellow leaders before filing a complaint against the statement in the post “Lympung Ki Khun Ka Ri.
She said that the higher education sector will be arranged by the government, adding that the state needs institutions that can provide various courses.
Regarding the allegation that he is the brother of Nidaman Shullet, PK Shulet said that he is not the brother of Nidaman Shullet. The expenditures are also distributed by the Chatter Accountant.
The SDO said that those people who live in those villages who have proper documents can submit the registration form after receiving the documents from the The office will check whether the documents are sufficient. If they are sufficient, they will not be rejected and if they are not sufficient, they will not be accepted.
The 11 KV power lines have been damaged in the earthquake last month which has caused a power outage in the area for more than 10 months.
From his body, the BSF recovered T.20,000 tyngka in counterfeit notes of 1000 and 500 notes.
He prepared to become a priest at St Paul's Seminary, Upper Shillong in 1964-1969, studied philosophy at Sacred Heart Seminary, Poonamalee from 1969-1
The decision of the High Court of Meghalaya has nothing to do with the District Council, he said.
Therefore, the State President of the BJP has applied for the ticket from Shillong West and it is not known. the ticket with the support of utta utta is wrong.
The damaged vehicles were a Maruti (ML05-0655) and a Swift (ML05 G 0373). These vehicles damaged their wheels and wheel cads. bomb.
The General Secretary has sought the support of the residents in relation to the protest for the ILP. The Rangbah Shnong of Bakur, Bah Evaldus Lamin, has also delivered a speech.
This law shall apply immediately until further notice.
On the other hand, Bah M Kharkrang SP East Khasi Hills urged the parents and guardians to take care of their children in the use of Facebook. which use these sources of information.
Speaking as the chief guest, he congratulated the people of the state on the 51st anniversary of the state and this is a day to remember. Indira Gandhi came to India to inaugurate the pure state on this day.
When you’re trying to solve problems, you don’t have to think in isolation.
After taking over, Scindia met with the officers of the Ministry and the schemes were looked into.
Shillong, November 17: The two-day Winter Festival organized by the Shillong Festival ended on Saturday with thousands of people coming to take part in the festival. part in this celebration.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bramaputra Board MLA Pius Marwein said that the Bramaputra Board has already called a tender for the construction of the dam and the workers have come in October this year. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the work has been suspended.
On the other hand, the authorities in charge of the mid-term elections have also strengthened the security forces in the areas where they feel there may be danger.
Amit Shah said when Prime Minister Narendra Modi attended the Plenary Session of the NEC in 2016, it was the first time in 20 years that the Prime Minister of the country would chair the NEC. session.
If their age is still allowed according to the government notification dated 24.11.2008 they should be allowed.
This night, the police have tightened security in four corners of the market to prevent the entry of people into the Motphran area.
Besides these, 10 others received special prizes of Rs 1000/- each: Valarie Nongkhlaw, Rifella Langstang, Lili Mary Khyndeit, Alfonso Jaiden Khongwar, Daisy Kharsyntiew, Naphisabet Chyne, Fair Heprit Todhar Der. and the Hebrews of Nongdhar.
The General Secretary, Bah Khrawkupar Pajatu, expressed his gratitude to the Government of Meghalaya and especially to the Sports Department for their support in organizing this tournament.
The SSB will patrol the border area with Nepal and Bangladesh to prevent any illegal activities, especially in the 72 hours before the polling.
The Kur expresses its deepest condolences to all those involved in this work.
Hundreds of people from various political parties including JARF, JCDMA, EJCSA, MPLU, JSM, EJNC, HNYF, HANM, JSU, JYF and SBYWA have taken part in the protest. Their protest was to express their opposition to the import of coal from Assam and it is known that the high number of COVID-19 cases in the state is a threat to the entire East Jaintia Hills.
To address the issues within the EMRI, a Special Committee has been set up headed by the Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. There will be four members of the GVK and the Union.
Shillong, July 15: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed 991 cases of COVID-19 positive in the state so far. Hills 2, East Jaintia Hills 10, East Khasi Hills 782, North Garo Hills 2, Ri Bhoi 61, South Garo Hills 3, South West Garo Hills 3, South West Khasi Hills 9, West Garo Hills 89, West Jaitnia Hills 17, West Khasi Hills 13.
He said that many states in the North East have been exempted from the CAA, but Assam is still under the CAA. On this occasion, the Chief Minister said that the Nokmas are an important part of the protection of the indigenous people.
On the demand of the UDP leaders to resign from the post of Minister of Home Affairs, UDP East Khasi Hills District President Titosstar Chyne said the party has not given any. There is no writing on the demand for the resignation of Bah Lahkmen Rymbui but perhaps this may be just a speech to the media.
At the same time, the court has allowed those candidates who are in office or who are not in office to take the new examination from the four examination centres. , but their tolerance will be subject to current regulations.
It is true that before the independence of Meghalaya, the votes were cast in Assam, but only in the MDC elections to the United Khasi and Jaintia Autonomous Council in 1966 and the 2nd District Council.
The Chief Engineer of BRO, PK Baruah, launched the flag to start the bike race from Shillong to Guwahati. get comfortable driving on the road.
Besides these government stalls, 20 traders from the state also attended the event.
In this regard, efforts have been made to achieve the targets within the schemes of the department through the support of the state governments and the UT authorities responsible for the monitoring of the schemes in the implementation areas.
Meanwhile, the Rangbah Shnongs of the Seng Samla have been honored only by those who have served for more than 15 years.
All international leaders will listen to our youth in November.
Police on Tuesday found the body of the mother and informed the husband to check whether it was the body of the mother. Mera Jojo, 27, is the wife of the complainant.
In this search for talented people, those who came forward were in bisli, ksing, drum, sla and singers.
On the other hand, Ms Ailin Dkhar said that the teacher has received a letter from the JHADC office saying that he has been dismissed from his post. The women's villages have requested RTI from the education department of JHADC to find out all the facts.
Shillong, June 17: U Bah M Rapsang, owner of Rap's Departmental Store, Shillong, today lodged an FIR against unknown persons who posted on social media. The owners of the shop were taken to Bethany Hospital.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The 34783 voters of the 23-Sohiong Assembly Constituency will elect their Leader to the Legislative Assembly, 17687 women and 17096 men.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, the HYC leader said that the HYC has already written three times. “They want to talk to the prime minister but the prime minister has not yet responded and this is his lack of humanity,” said Bah Robert.
Shillong, June 29: The Jaintia National Council (JNC) today appealed to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong to withdraw the BSF troops immediately. They are located in Sonapur.
The march was led by Niawki Iakai President of the Seng in the presence of General Secretary of the Seng Barmon Tariang, Chairman of Iooksi Kyanmynsar Village F.Syrti. , Umdilien Village Secretary Bikram Lyngdoh, Iooksi Iapkhla Village Secretary H. Pachiang and other village elders.
Shillong, Naitung 23: There are 95 new cases of COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, 1 in East Garo Hills, 1 in East Khasi Hills, 1 in East Garo Hills and 2 in North Garo Hills. In Bhoi 8, South Garo Hills 2, South West Garo Hills 13, West Garo Hills 47, West Jaintia Hills 1, West Khasi Hills
Shillong, K.Lyngkot 18: The Government today announced the appointment of 14 new officers in various government departments from Civil Sub Divisions, Districts and the same is true in the secretariat.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: Speaking after a mock drill held at the Secretariat to train people how to react in case of an earthquake, the Additional Chief Secretary PW Ingty, in charge of the State Disaster Management Authority (SDMA), said: He said that this is the first time that such training should be conducted every year.
Speaking to reporters after the filing of nomination papers, Bah Khraw said, “In Mawsynram constituency there is ethnic harmony among Indians like other constituencies in the state. from the local population".
The meeting was conducted by the president of the party, Tosiki Itseng S Sangma.
In the health centers for those suffering from Tuberculosis and mental illness, the Government has allocated T.100/- tyngka for them to feed them per day. half of the patients are from 2017 which has not been updated yet.
Ejum Rib of Arunachal Pradesh has made the hero Birsa Munda like Napoleon of France.
The fourth youth tournament was attended by youths from four parishes including Mawryngkneng, Laitkor, Jongksha and Mawkynrew. .
Lyngkhoi was tested positive for COVID-19 at Super Care Hospital.
Nongkrem constituency has 57 per cent vote, Laban-Mawprem 64 per cent and Nongspung-Sohiong 54 per cent.
Shillong, March 12: The Hima Khynriem today started the preparation for the annual Shad Nongkrem with a ceremony to inaugurate the Syiemsad's house at Smit Square. The Nongkrem Festival will be held on the 2nd of November 2023 this year.
“It is important to open a safe path for the top leaders and members of the HNLC. To ensure our safety,” he said. it will build confidence and open the way for us to participate in the discussion.
The death toll has risen to
On the other hand, the police urge the public not to succumb to such scams.
Patients receive care from trained staff.
The Dorbar was held on 21st January 2013 at Mairang by Paiem Phrester Manik Syiemlieh, Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, in the presence of Ministers and more than 1000 Sordars of the Hima.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah Tyngshain Wanwar (Sordar of Umwai Village) and Bah Hes Ryngkhlem (Executive Member, Mawlong Hima) who gave their words of encouragement and congratulations to the Seng.
Regarding the distribution of rice, gold and silver, this time there was a special arrangement especially at the time of going up to the altar to thank and bow down. and ask everyone to follow and believe the rules and direction of the organizers.
In preparation for the election, the party has set up a special committee to look into the matter at a meeting held at the home of Bah Erwin K.Syiem Sutnga in Umsohsun.
The CEM-JHADC was informed of the need to notify the list and names of all the Kurs as soon as possible to announce the spelling of the names of the Kurs as it has been seen that many have changed themselves. who are wise enough to give a jait where the spelling of the name of the tribe is wrong.
General Secretary- Samla Phermanbha War.
There was also a tribal museum which showcased the culture, crafts and heritage of the tribals.
She said that as of now, the Nongstoin MDC Constituency cannot be included in the South West Khasi Hills, nor can the Sawsymper constituency be included in the South West Khasi Hills. Laitumkhrah MDC Constituency.
She said there are still old members of the party in Bangladesh.
The ADE has alleged that the Assam government has affected the students of Meghalaya. The ADE has demanded that the Meghalaya government should provide them with places to study. The union said that after 45 years of independence, the government has not been able to provide doctoral training to its own people.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: 231 Meghalayans from Telengana and 139 from Harayna will arrive in Guwahati today, said Prestone Tynsong, Chief Minister of Meghalaya. shai is the day.
: ka mut– it is not the same as the sound of the song, song or dance.
Prof Niaz Mazumdar presented the example of the durim which has been very successful.
In this election for the election of the CEM of the GHADC, the GHDC group received 16 votes in the 29-member Assembly. Shillong, June 21: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, today said that 192 people have been tested positive for COVID-19 in the state. There are 1021 confirmed cases in the state so far.
Shillong, Naitung 26: The Jugalis who have been protesting at the gate of MeECL for the third day today have called off their protest after MeECL issued an announcement that the list of candidates those who will not be appointed have been extended for another 6 months.
The incident happened at 7.00 pm this morning in Lamin village under Amlarem Civil Sub Division of West Jaintia Hills District.
He said that the tnum pyllun will be built of silver and the equipment will arrive this month or in July,
On the other hand, Bah PL Majaw President of JYF Sengkmie said that the JYF Sengkmie will continue to strongly oppose the proposal of the MSPCB to hold a public meeting on 12-06-2014 at Lumshnong for the purpose of to take the opinion of many churches who are concerned about the livelihood of the people who have suffered from the destruction of the environment (Forest Conservation) (Environment Protection Act, 1986). Act 1980) ki la syllen lut without dieng (United Khasi- Jaintia Hills Autonomous District (Management and Control of forests) Act, 1958, Meghalaya Forest Regulation (Application and Amendment) Act of 1973; Meghalaya Forest (Removal of Timber Regulation) Act of 1981) without siej, and the water of the rivers has turned bih lut, said Bah Mamaj, the Meghalaya Transfer. of Land (Regulation) Act,1971 Sec.4 (1) (e) & 4 (1) (f), Meghalaya Forest Authority Act of 1991; Have these rules and regulations of Meghalaya which do not exist to protect the indigenous people that foreigners or factories cannot buy land from the indigenous people (Six Schedule), how can these dewbilat factories? to buy dozens upon dozens of hectares of indigenous mines? When the law does not allow it.
I also congratulate Bah ON Shyrmang and Prof. Don Kupar War who have joined the NPP. In his speech, Bah Hilarius expressed his happiness that the party has welcomed him and also to He said that he will work hard for the victory of the party.
At present, it is a National Highway only in name and not in function.
Speaking to media at his office in KHADC, Bah Pynshngiang said, “I am not here for any benefit of the party, but for the benefit of the people and also for the benefit of the party. part of the MDC"
Answering a question, the Minister said that among the 100 places in India selected as Smart Cities, Shillong is the last, but compared to others. Shillong has made progress in the implementation of these projects.
As it is today, four vehicles have not been able to operate except those vehicles on duty to drop off and pick up passengers.
The camp started with a welcome speech by Dr. PD Das, Asst Director, NSSO (FOD), RO, Shillong who welcomed the participating factories.
On the part of the Syiem and the Bakhraw Batri, they invite all the rulers to attend.
Shillong, Lber 19: The Supreme Court today heard a petition filed by the North East Students Organization (NESO) against the implementation of the Citizenship Amendment Act 2014 and Rules. 2024.
He is also a football player as a goalkeeper.
Also present on the occasion were the Village Office Bearers from the Secretary of the Dorbar Shnong Jaiaw Lumshyiap and Lumpyllon, members of the Village Youth Association, the Women's Association and the Anganwadi workers.
In his speech, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare said that the government is committed to provide health facilities to the people of the state.
In the 2024 MP elections, 21,900 voters have been recognized as eligible to vote at home, 10,180 voters are elderly and 11,720 voters are disabled.
The party has strengthened the party by inviting the people to become members of the party.
In the visitors book Dr Kalam wrote an article in which he said he was really crazy about this museum.
In the fourth month of 2019, the police received a complaint in the name of the Mawkhar church for theft and misappropriation of money collected from the church. the complaint was lodged with the Committee of the church.
If Government money is used to buy medicines and temporarily dispose of them, it is immediately corruption.
During the meeting, they discussed the current situation of COVID-19 and the conduct of training in colleges.
Within hours of the ECI announcing the date of the Lok Sabha elections, the District Election Officer of East Khasi Hills District has imposed Section 144 CrPC to prohibit anyone from participating in the Lok Sabha elections. persons or groups to carry more than 50,000 tyngka within the boundary of East Khasi Hills District.
On the same day, the Chairman of the Meghalaya Public Service Commission, Bah PR Marwein and a delegation met with the Governor of Meghalaya. and the year 2022-2
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Central Executive Council (KSU) has expressed its deep sorrow after receiving the news that Bah Rana Kharkongor and Bah R. Waroh Pde have passed away.
Speaking to media after the Speaker of the House Dr Donkupar Roy swore her in as a full-time MLA at his office, she said that besides many problems within the House, The constituency that is ahead of us now is the roads.
Shillong, Naiwieng 07: U Dawanbor Diengdoh today said that 19 youths have been accused of opposing the Dorbar Shnong and this is a false rumor that has been spread that they are opposing the Dorbar Shnong for the sake of don't distribute rations.
Almost all the government ministers took part in the tree planting ceremony in different districts of the state.
According to sources, two policemen, a male and a female policeman were seriously injured and were taken to Woodland Hospital for treatment.
The KSU also said that many of the students from the state have been cheated by the class teachers from Bangalore and Shillong. The problems of the students of this state.
In the training on how to make people able to stand on their own feet, a 10 month training in mechanics was given which started on the 4th and will end on the 30th of this month. .
The problem of the residents regarding the light supply is that even after paying the money, they don't get the light properly because the sub station of MeECL in this area has not worked. not according to the rules laid down by the government.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, together with Congress MLAs will inspect the Damsait Bridge which is currently under repair.
The Khasi chiefs did not have the right to sign.
He spoke about the beauty of Arunachal Pradesh and said that there are many opportunities in the tourism industry.
When SP News Agency phoned the NIT management and SP City to inquire about the incident but no one answered the phone.
The holding of this tournament is very important for Meghalaya as in 2022 the state will host the National Games where the pistol shooting competition is one of the sports in the national games.
During the visit, the Governor also spoke to the family members of the Archbishop and the youngest sister who was inside the cathedral at that time.
The central theme of the 75th Anniversary Celebration of the College is “Honoring the Tradition, in the Struggle for a New Era”.
They said that this is necessary for the income generation as the inflation at different times leads to increase in prices of goods and slowdown in income generation.
In this regard, it was said that the executive authorities should investigate, investigate and express a clear vision on the development in Meghalaya in accordance with the aspirations of the people.
The JSU in a letter today demanded that the government should change the government announcement issued in 1951 during the Assam government to bring back 36 Khasi villages to Jaintia. Hills.
This is not only in words but also through the actions of the Government of India,” he added.
The meeting was attended by BJP Meghalaya State Unit President Shibun Lyngdoh, party leaders Sanbor Shullai MLA and party office bearers from across the state.
L Marngar, President of AMSSASTA, said that the state government has allocated T.6001 for LP Schools and T.6101 for UP Schools. by the federal government.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Pyniaid said that the problem now whether it is in the city or first there are village leaders or village managers is how to clean up the synrums. Jowai until the people had to protest.
The current CEM should have taken responsibility and should have resigned.
Speaking to reporters, Dr. Ricky Syngkon said that the committee has approved the recommendation of the VPP to set up an Expert Committee to review the Reservation Policy.
“However, the government's permission to Star Cement to develop this land in Brishyrnot shows that this government is cheating the people of the state and the Narpuh area as a whole because this land is a special place. to protect the environment and the environment from man-made damage.
There are 12,25,938 people aged 45 years and above and those aged 18 years and above in the state. The total number of vaccinations in the state has increased to to 20,99,158 lakh people.
In the Constitution and Procedure and Conduct of Business Rules, 2018, which was introduced today in the House, in “Chapter II” of paragraph five, who can become members of the House of Representatives are in accordance with these rules.
The celebration began with a Holy Mass conducted by the Archbishop of Shillong, Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh in the presence of the Parish Priest of Nongthymmai Parish, Soh Augustine Kuttala, Spiritual Director of the Union. Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh, while giving a strong advice to the Longkmie who took part in this fifth tournament, which also included the theme, “Their Father has give a portion to the daughters and to the brothers," quoted from Job 42:15, he said that this is a wonderful work of God to exalt is that women have a role in It is more important to take care of the work of the family and the community.
The Rangbah Shnong and former Chairman of the MPSC who is also a member of the Tribal Affairs Committee welcomed the initiative by the Sengbhalang.
The opening ceremony will be held tomorrow morning and preparations are underway for the opening ceremony by the Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong today. postponed to 21/12/2
Members of Yuva Tourism Clubs also participated in the B20 Summit of the G20 in Aizawl, Mizoram.
On the other hand, the SP said that many public meetings have been held to explain this but such incidents have happened.
The pump in this area should have been replaced by a new one. The villagers don't know and complain to the residents that this is the lack of attention of the water supply department.
Shillong, Naiwieng 05: The North East Students Organization (NESO) has expressed its deep sorrow over the six months of conflict in Manipur. turn.
At this meeting, the religious leaders expressed their readiness to join hands with the government to explain to the public on the need to vaccinate so that the state can fight against this disease in the state.
The Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Mawroh, Bah HBR Lyngdoh, said, “It was a sad incident and it happened in the morning which we didn't expect to happen. neither could they recognize him.
Shillong, Lber 21: It will be a memorable day in the history of FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle with the inauguration of the new branch of FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle by the FKJGP Lai Shnong Area Unit as part of the FKJGP Lai Shnong Area Unit. teh song, to bring about unity and also to strengthen the working methods of the Seng.
At this public meeting, Bah Prestone Tynsong appealed for the support of the people to vote for the party candidate Martin M Danggo as MLA in the mid-term elections to be held on the 23rd of this month. moon.
Dr. Seiboklang Buam has lodged a complaint with the Muktapur PPP Police Station on the same day.
Police have recovered T.28,500 tyngka, 10 carbon papers, T.1000 tyngka and 25 carbon papers. in the case of a thousand pieces of silver.
Shillong, Lber 12: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today appointed 18 Parliamentary Secretaries to replace the 12 Ministers of the State Government. Head of State Secretariat.
Not only that, the leaders of the Mahila Congress Committee of Mawhati under the leadership of President Juliana Diengdoh and their team, have decided to support Bah James Sylliang.
The Khasi Author's Society urges all the people of Hynniewtrep Hynniewtrep Hills to join hands with the demand of the Khasi Author's Society to recognize the Khasi language in the 8th Schedule of India.
In addition, cooperative societies have been established to take steps to cooperate among the farmers involved in the cultivation of these aromatic products.
On this occasion, a Magistrate, Kong B Lyngdoh, came to meet with the youths who had gathered near the statue of Kiang Nangbah to talk to them.
The KSA arrived at the scene with the intention of talking to the leader of the Regional Committee but the President of the KSA spoke to the media and said this.
However, now it has increased to Rs 6 crore and this shows that the country as a whole has started moving on the right path,” he said.
Jowai, March 23 : Leaders of the Jaintia Students Union (JSU) Khliehriat Circle have met with Bah Paul Lyngdoh in the presence of the MLA of the constituency and one of the Ministers of the state, Kyrmen Shylla.
Within the boundary of the KHADC there are 54 Himas, which are governed by Syiem, Synsahr Riad and Synshar Shnong, all of which are under the jurisdiction of the District Council.
It will also improve the efficient use of electricity, spectrum and network.
This is only the beginning of the party's crackdown on illegal workers, not only in South West Khasi Hills District, but across the country. use it and benefit.
I encourage the people to use their power wisely.
The Assistant Secretary and Publicity Secretary of the HFU Central Body, Bah Kit and Bah Nick, have been handed over to the Assistant Secretary and Publicity Secretary of the HFU Central Body.
At the end of October, the MDA government leaders will announce the arrival or absence of Amit Shah in Shillong otherwise they will be liars in front of the people.
In a statement sent by the General Secretary of the GSU, it said that the abduction of teachers especially those who teach in the rural areas will affect the education of the students. all urged the authorities to release the teacher.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The All Meghalaya SSA School Teachers Association (AMSSATA) today sent a letter to the Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmuganathan to inform him that the central government has already increased the salaries of SSA teachers. The decision of the Project Approval Board has been sent to the State Government.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Nongbri said that the purpose of the celebration is to encourage the workers to understand their rights. make a significant contribution to the development of the economy of any area.
On the part of the Chief Executive Members, Bah John F Kharshiing led the meeting in the presence of other Chief Executive Members.
All these works which have been allowed by the government can start from 4th June 2020 which is the first day.
In his speech, the Prime Minister said that the most important thing is to have technical institutions.
Garo Hills Police have recently arrested several persons suspected of being involved in robbery allegedly being members of AHAM. Shillong, Nailur : The Chairman of the CoMSO, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, before concluding his public speech in Motphran today, said that to demand ILP from the government is for the people not to The meeting was held on Tuesday night as the civil society has decided to hold a Stay of the Road.
The campaign will continue until July
Shillong, July 02: U Conrad K Sangma MP from Tura on Tuesday said that if the NPP comes to power in the MLA elections in 2018, it will make Meghalaya a new state.
The Chief Minister said that 27 people from the state have been released to Egypt thanks to the hard work of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Union Government and are now in the country.
Total number of tests so far is 44234, 42330 negative, 447 pending results and 28,293 people have entered the state.
All government offices and schools will be closed in these two districts.
Shillong, Lber 11: The BSF Meghalaya has celebrated the Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav at Nanpolok with the performance of the Brass Band of the BSF Meghalaya.
These types of decisions are not meant for political gain.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: The President of India today appointed Bah Hamarsan Singh Thangkhiew as a Judge of the High Court of Meghalaya with effect from the date of his assumption of office.
There has also been a landslide which has blocked roads in parts of Rongkhon.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister said that there are still many development projects which the government will be implementing in the next few months. The roads and the maternity hospital will soon be opened.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: Speaking at a public meeting in Mukhla to lay the foundation stone for the construction of a dairy farm, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said that it is estimated that 50,000 people will be milked every year. Young people are working in Meghalaya.
Therefore, to ensure that the joy of even after many months of curfew and lockdown will be successful and meaningful, we will strengthen the Community Covid Management Committees (CCMCs) which have been established in each village. The Dorbar Shnong under the leadership of the Block Development Officers by assisting them in carrying out their responsibilities especially those Community Covid Management Committees (CCMCs) who have arrived many quarantined persons. The Government has banned Home Quarantine.
The National Green Tribunal has found that there are nine polluted rivers in Meghalaya namely Umkhrah, Umsherpi, Kyrhohkhla, Nanbah, Umtrew, Lukha and Myntdu.
The Minister also informed that the SHABD service is free for the first year and that it will provide news in all the major languages ​​of India in 50 volumes.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Income Tax Officer (ITO) WP Syiem said that those who have received Income Tax letters should not be afraid, they should go to the office to get this resolved. The Income Tax Department has requested an explanation, but if they don't go, they will be fined.
The Chief Minister said that the SSLC and HSSLC examinations will continue as they are now, while the government is looking into the other districts in the state.
This was announced by the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills District Council, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem in an interview with the media after a meeting with the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan.
Regarding the abandonment of these houses without supervision, Bah Pathaw said that the EC has been asked to appoint guards because at present they have been sent to guard them. to those forest guards of KHADC who have five forest guards in the area.
Dr Rijal said that if the cows are examined to find out whether they are healthy according to the rules, it will be at the slaughterhouse and not at the market. The price of cow meat will reach T.1000 per kilo in Shillong.
A team from the Ministry of Coal will visit the state soon.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) West Khasi Hills District on Thursday informed the Minister of Education, Rakkam A. Sangma that he will remove this problem.
When you look at the history of these Institutions of Excellence around the world, when there are these Institutions of Excellence, the development of the country is fortunate that Shillong has started to turn into a Regional Center for many initiatives. contribute significantly to the economic development of the state and the North East.
Lamphrang said some of the demands of the state and the people have been taken by the MDA government led by Conrad K Sangma as Chief Minister in in the House to demand from the Central Government to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​under the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
In connection with these celebrations, various festivals were held this month to showcase the economic growth.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the State Security Commission (SSC) has not been convened regularly in the past. you have to work.
Police have stopped the vehicle.
He was born in Mawshun, in the land of Ri Kynti.
According to information received, the two District Councils, JHADC and GHADC, have not yet sent their comments.
India will celebrate its 75th Independence Day and 50th Independence Day. The address was in Bihar, now in Delhi and now known as Kongthong. a resident of Kongthong.
First –Take good care of the elderly at home, especially those with chronic illnesses.
The meeting was held on Tuesday at the Indoor Stadium of Kynshi Village.
Assistant General Manager of the conference was also present.
Bah Tynsong said the government's annual loss from the ban on coal mining is T.600 crore.
It would be sad if these shameful incidents continue in our country.
When the muid smugglers saw that the BSF troops were chasing them, the muid smugglers left them and fled to escape the arrest of the BSF troops who stopped them. .
Shillong, Iaiong 29: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Prestone Tynsong today clarified that the government has decided to pay the salary to those who have the Job Card known as the 100 days bill. The Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA) will apply only to those who have already issued work orders even if they have not yet worked.
In this robbery, these robbers did not injure the drivers or the vehicles but ordered them to take all the money and market tires from their vehicles.
These schemes, ranging from hourly to monthly plans, promise to multiply invested money manifold.
The Kur Malngiang on Saturday honored Eulalia Autruina Malngiang who won the second place in the Miss Global International Ambassador contest which was held in Nepal on the 1st of this month. June 19, 2024.
Prestone said the government had issued a government notice two months ago to allow weddings, but now the government will not allow only weddings and other weddings in that two Districts.
The death toll is
At the same time, may this celebration of Beh Deinkhlam bring about unity among our people so that the country and the nation will grow together in the days to come in all aspects.
The videos of those selected for the Meghalaya Who Got Talent will be sent to India Got Talents.
India's milk production in the world is only 24% and under the leadership of the Prime Minister India has increased to 51%.
Dr. Aman War of 17-North Shillong, Dr. Paul Lyngdoh of 18-Shillong West and Dr. Jemino Mawthoh of 21-Nothymmai.
The DGP will retire on 19th June 2024, according to a government announcement issued by Cyril VD Diengdoh Secretary, Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of Meghalaya.
If there are any works which have already been ordered to work but have not yet started, such works must start after the election and if there are works which have already started before this announcement. the government announcement has not worked.
All government, private and cooperative banks have been directed to open these two days. The statement was signed by Alpana Killawala Principal Adviser. announce this publicly.
New Delhi, Jymmang 01: In order to achieve the goal of improving the health and welfare of the citizens, about Rs 69,000 crore has been allocated for health in the budget of the Central Government 2020-21.
When the BSF and Ampati police saw that some people had driven cows into the forest at Miringgipara, they surrounded the area and in the darkness of the sky, the cow traders managed to escape but Police and BSF have seized 65 cows from the area.
The Hima has provided water bottles and soap at the entrance to the market to the people to wash their hands. The Hima urges the people to take care of these items of the Hima. “I don't know what to do with the people,” said Minister Langstien.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya has raised the issue of why students in matriculation fail so much, in the past five years the incidence of the disease has been only between 50% to 55%. He said that half of the children are stupid, this is an area where we have to think together and not blame each other.
Guwahati, July 15: The International Fund for Animal Welfare Trust (IFAW-WTI) has donated 35 wildlife vehicles to the Kaziranga National Park to assist in providing adequate security to the Kaziranga National Park. that marad that donha this bag.
Speaking on the occasion, the MLA said that while the struggle to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Eight Schedule, at the same time there was a need to correct the spelling of the Khasi and Garo languages. these two languages ​​in order to preserve and improve the language.
Regarding the distribution of pesticides, he said that only those people who have received assistance or indigenous trees from the Ministry of Agriculture have been given only to those who produce their own seeds according to the traditional training. The government doesn't give and this gift will be for everyone but in the village it is selected.
He said that at the beginning of the implementation of the scheme, many people did not understand and there were many comments, but when there are comments, it should not be taken for granted. There is a mistake that cannot be corrected because those in office cannot know the problems of the people.
The DC of West Khasi Hills said that the temporary employee of the PWD who fell into the tragic incident was identified as Bah Kyntiewdor Wahlang, 35 years old. there are about 30 people.
John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MSPB, said that it is encouraging that India has increased in tourism by attracting 63 lakh foreign tourists. In 2012, India earned Rs 83,938 crore from foreign tourists, while Greece attracted 1.64 crore tourists and Italy 4.61 crore. year.
The AJYWO said that regarding the reopening of wine stores on both sides of NH 44 especially in EJHD, the AJYWO will follow the order of the Ministry of Road and Transport (MoRTH). The Government of India has ordered the removal of wine stores on the National Highways and soon the union will take the necessary action in this regard as well.
Currently, there are landfills around the lake, and the garbage collected is sent for recycling.
Speaking about some moments in people's lives when they can't wait any longer, Prime Minister Duh said he felt this way when he visited South Africa and Greece and said that his thoughts remained on the Chandrayaan 3 Mission forever.
They have been handed over to the law enforcement authorities for further investigation.
Fake thumbnails were used and the thumbnails of the videos were changed to spread the news through social media.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The CEM of the KHADC, Bah Pynshngianlang Syiem, on Tuesday said that they will appeal against the decision of the Meghalaya High Court regarding the Limitation Act, the boundaries of the jurisdiction of the District Council.
Police have recovered the injured from around the area and taken them to the civil hospital for treatment.
Shillong, Nailur 24: The Mawsadang Youth Sport Association (MAYS) today concluded the Football Tournament for the Under 14 Years Club which started on the 4th of November .
The union stands firm on the ground that while the road improvement has not been completed, the National Highway Authority of India has not been able to open this toll gate.
Speaking to media after the HLC meeting, AL Hek MLA of the area said that the PWD is now ready to find a place to build the road from elsewhere if the roads are removed. two roads run through the middle of the golf course.
Shillong, Lber 12: Athletes from Meghalaya won 10 medals, 2 medals and 2 medals in the 8th North Eastern Zone Shooting Championship 2021 which was held in Guwahati this month. gold, 6 silver and 2 bronze medals.
As the owner of the house, Bah Rymmai said that they have nothing to do with this case and their cooperation with the police is to find out the facts. honor is done by the employee.
On the other hand, Ms Sabina appealed to the people of the state to congratulate and support her in this competition for the glory of the state and if she wins she will be the leader of the state. country to international competitions.
Shillong, March 25: The Department of Culture and Heritage of the Meghalaya Government today issued a notice that Myrkhan and Mawbynna in Rynghep will become Special Protected Areas. in accordance with Section 3(1)(2) of the Meghalaya Heritage Act,
This ceremony will continue only when there is a meeting with people from abroad.
The President of the Khasi Author Society (KAS), Dr. DRL Nonglait, has strongly criticized the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem MDC said that it was during his tenure as Deputy CEM of the Elaka that the election was held to elect the. the priest of the Mawphlang Hima.
The Ministry of Railways has allocated T.10,269 crore per annum for the North East while this was T.2122 crore earlier.
They also discussed the number of teachers and the number of students, the need for houses to be built, the renovation of the teaching methods for students and the upper primary schools of SSA should be upgraded to Secondary.
Besides the training, these traditional healers expressed the shortage of kynbat and urged the Shnong, Raid and Hima authorities to set aside land to cultivate the valuable kynbat of the state.
The Congress has worked hard to get census and that our youth should be employed.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Archery Association (HABSCA) today said that it has many funds. There is a lot of trouble in the shooting because the stewards are fighting making by being deceived by the rich.
He said that this agreement is still in force.
To date, the Government of India has released T 46,585 crore (97% of the Central Government's allocation) to these 100 cities.
On the other hand, HITO has urged the companies to employ the people of the area in the jobs that they are currently implementing inside the Shillong Airport which there are still many jobs in the area.
“God has given us four MLAs but we will not listen and we have tried to speak even in the Legislative Assembly and as you have seen, we have not succeeded.
From Shillong, Mario Pathaw, Phaibha Kupar Kharlukhi, Benedict S Hynniewta, Frederick D Hynniewta and Raphael Warjri.
In fact, the AVS which they should have received in 2016 should have been T.1000/- per month except for MMBS. The government health center receives only T.150/- or T.150/- tyngka.
GST has removed inter-state frictions under the CST/VAT system.This system is busy, requiring check gates and verification of all goods vehicles which has caused many problems and also the waste of time and oil.
According to media reports, Meghalaya Police have shot dead former General Secretary of the HNLC Chersiterfield Thangkhiew at his residence in Mawlai Kynton Massar on the morning of 13th July
Man cannot escape poverty in his own strength.
BSF troops deployed to patrol the border in East Khasi Hills District have spotted some muid smuggled into Bangladesh from the forests. and they took possession.
Shillong, Naitung 20: For the welfare and benefit of the residents of 164 villages, the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) South West Khasi Hills District has given its full support to the demands of various civil society organizations in the region. Mawsynram and also the demand of the MLA of Mawsynram Constituency to be promoted.
The House Committee, which includes seven MDCs, led by Deputy CEM Gigur Myrthong and Opposition Leader Lamphrang Blah, will leave for the venue this morning. Uranium mine to Domiasiat to meet with the residents of the area.
The parties and candidates who attended the Common Platform held at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall included Prof Lakhon Kma. independent candidate, u bah Petar Chall independent candidate.
Even if only two members, the BJP can stir up trouble, just because it has the power to rule in the central government; Therefore, if too much victory is achieved, it is certain to overthrow the ruling district until the lyngwiar of the people in the society is completely destroyed.
The Committee will submit its report to the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly and will take up the matter in the Legislative Assembly in the Budget Session next year.
According to the legend, this mawbah was one of the ancient kings who conquered almost all the maws in those areas.
The total number of recoveries is 9, East Khasi Hills 8, West Jaintia Hills 1, total recoveries
Shillong, Jymmang 12: Police of East Jaintia Hills District today received a tip that a man identified as Masoom Choudhary has been abducted from Shillong. The person who did not know the number was taken by a taxi number ML-11-7
HANM demands that the government should immediately follow up and arrest these people to bring about ethnic differences.
Shillong, Nailar t 30: Former MDC of Laban-Mawprem, Bah Sanbor Shullai, on Tuesday said that they have resigned from the MDC seat of their own free will. Speaking to reporters, Bah Sanbor said that they have already sent a letter to the government to request the government not to look into this matter because they have not resigned with their consent. their but is to respect the decision of the government.
Bah Pyniaid added that through these things, he can see that it is through the events.
Therefore, when a man is rich, well-fed, well-fed, well-off, well-off, well-off, well-off, he doesn't turn away from God, but He gave thanksgiving, and when sickness, suffering, and trouble came, he turned to his Creator, by thanking Him, to forgive the sins of mankind. .
"I as an MP may have shortcomings here and there," he added.
This is the second edition of the song contest organized by AIR and the aim of this is to promote the songs of this region to the world.
As a reminder, we have urged many CEMs of KHADC, and if you remember you too since 2012 to please convene and gather the Dorbar Hima Mylliem, if you want to save the Ri Khasi, because the The Dorbar Hima Mylliem is the bloodline of the Khasi Hills. The reason is that the Dorbar Hima Mylliem has been turned away because the basis of the rights of the children of the thousands, as agreed with the Government of India, is no longer clear. .
The protest was held in 1979, 1987 and 2022. The purpose of the protest was to demand punishment for those involved in the crimes. bad.
The discussion was on how to preserve the elephants in the state and the Chief Minister urged the Forest Department to monitor the wildlife population.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today held an emergency meeting with the Rangbah Shnongs of Shillong to curb the infiltration of foreigners. foreigners in this state.
The Youth Wing of KHNAM, with its concern for the uniqueness of the Khasi Hynniewtrep people, has informed the CEM of KHADC and urged the CEM to take measures to punish such people. to completely remove your security licence.
Other decisions taken by the Cabinet today include the appointment of Mission Directors within the Social Welfare Department on a one-year contract basis. .
The reason for his arrest was that all the HNLC members in Bangladesh have been employed in tympew farms.
The four women who were arrested today said that they were taken to warn them to change their minds so that they will not be involved in crime.
I congratulate the soldiers and police who ensure peace and order.
Mr. G Diengdoh said.
Initially, police said that the two men did not tell the reason why they wanted to leave for Bangladesh, but when questioned, they explained and arranged to meet today. HNLC spokesman Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw in Sylhet and other HNLC leaders in Sylhet The two leaders who intend to leave for Bangladesh to meet with HNLC leaders were arrested through a meeting. However, these people have not received any permission from the state government to meet them because according to the HNLC. The Unlawful Activities Prevention Act prohibits people from meeting with the leaders of illegal parties.
Bebin Kyndiah, one of the elders, said that the Behdein Khlam festival in Shillong has started since 1965 and has continued to this day. This festival is a gathering of the Pnar people living in Shillong.
To be healthy, we need physical activity, he said.
Dr. Subhash Babu, Scientist (Agronomy) answered the questions on how to cultivate without using fertilizers.
She congratulated all those involved in the ODOP work who have been recognized through the ODOP awards. related to the achievements of farmers from the most remote areas.
When the box was found, the police opened it and from the box found in the forest of Chibokgre there were unused bullets known as “Large-Calibre”. .
From the 28th to the 31st November, 2017, the Seng Khynah Seng Khasi Kenmynsaw under the leadership of the Seng Khasi Kemynsaw has organized various competitions including related festivals. to preserve the customs and traditions of the traditional religion such as siatkhnam, temksing, traditional songs, old sayings, phawar, short drama, traditional dance and other meaningful performances.
Shillong, March 21: Several young men who are also residents of Meghalaya, who have the idea and purpose to lead on the path of good, have appeared among the Meghalaya Awaken Concern Citizen group. , today, 20th April for the first Clean Political Campaign.
(Dr.) BD Mishra (Retd.) addressed the troops at a meeting held at the Eastern Air Command Headquarters, Upper Shillong.
Speaking to reporters, CEM Bah Pynshngianlang Syiem said that the VAB which is still pending with the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government will be written by the State Government and will come to the State Government. KHADC to be able to speak well in the House and to go back to the DCA to get the approval of the Governor for the VAB to become law.
This is according to a statement sent by Bah Tackmon.
There are 14 recoveries, 12 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from East Jaintia Hills, 1 from Ri Bhoi, bringing the total number of recoveries to to date within the state.
On the same day, there was also a stone throwing on the GS Road in Jaiaw Thangsniang.
In this meeting, the President of the UDP, Bah Metbah, was pleased with the statement of the KSUP at the meeting today and understood the need to bring about an amendment to the Schedule. Tribes List.
to transport goods from Deoduar, Kamrup through Meghalaya to Bangladesh through Tamabil Check Point, Dawki.
The Deputy Commissioner, who is also the Chairperson of the District Disaster Management Authority, East Khasi Hills District, has issued precautionary measures due to the approach of the rainy season.
The RRTS under construction in the country is a modern transportation system and is on par with the systems in other countries.
The arrested were NCP candidate Moina Singh Phyllut and another party worker Nibas Marboh.
One of the demands of the ANVC is to establish a Garoland Autonomous Council like the Bodoland Territorial Council.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The curfew called by the AJYWO-Sengkmie, KSU-JHDU, HNYF-EJZ, FKJGP-KC and SRS-EJH on the 13th of this month within the border of East Jaintia Hills District from 5 pm to 5 pm to force the government and NHAI to repair the NH44 will continue as announced, said a statement from the four organizations. Mr. MH Dkhar, President of AJYWO.
The office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, which is in charge of the market, has taken all necessary measures to ensure that the market will be safe and secure for the visitors.
KSU JHDU President Samla Ohibait Dkhar said in a statement sent today.
In his speech, the Congress leader said that the wish of the Seng Khasi Riwar Mihngi has been achieved today.
“If winestores, drug stores, pharmacies, etc. can display their licenses publicly in their shops and places of business, why can't the trading licenses be displayed publicly like others? What is behind this?” asked Bah Ryngkhlem.
Regarding this incident, the authorities of the Legislative Assembly have also received information regarding the collapse of the Dome of the Legislative Assembly at Mawdiangdiang.
The Rangbah Shnong Nongrim Wardingula lodged an FIR with the Mawsynram PS on the same night for further investigation.
Besides the lack of jobs, the time will come when there will be a lack of accommodation due to the influx of foreigners, said Bah Lambokstar.
The time is still right for us to surprise ourselves from these dangers that threaten the future of the country and the nation.
This is your journey around India.
The exhibition was held today and was very successful in showcasing the traditional culture of the people of the area. They have inherited from the time of the Kulong Kumah.
Shillong, July 16: Nongjri Village, Pynursla Village, East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, is one of the villages in the Khasi Hills District. There was no one to take care of it, and it became a garbage dump.
Balat village is now under the jurisdiction of South West Khasi Hills District.
When asked about the party's confidence to win the MP elections from Shillong and Tura, Chellakumar said he hopes to win in both constituencies as the incumbent MP from Shillong, Bah Pala, has won the election. do many things for the development of the region and the State.
I am surprised why the Syiem has suspended the election of Rangbah Shnong, when even the High Court has already issued a written notice that the election should be held today and why those elections have been suspended. san Phew khyndai mbu Bah Bah Pangniang said that they will ask for clarification in these days from the Syiem regarding this matter, because there is no reason to do this. They have already been recognized by the district council and there is no reason to say anything else.
When there was a construction of a bridge in Nonbah, the construction of the bridge has caused the waterway to be affected, because the place where the bridge was built is the place where the bridge was built. every year there is a flood.
The lack of understanding between the District Councils and the State Government is the main reason for the problems in the country. How much better it would be if the District Councils became partyless, because as of now, the private sector is the largest group!.
The public is encouraged that anyone who wishes to join this group can join.
KSU Heritage Circle.
Shillong, Iaiong 21: The United Democratic Party (UDP) will meet on the first day of this month to discuss the actions of four MDCs in the KHADC after the party took a decision. to withdraw its support from the PDF led by Bah PN Syiem.
The bodies were found from this place, after a fire broke out from the house and the residents immediately informed the village authorities of Umsawli village.
“We know the government wants to get rid of this factory and shut it down and demolish it.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: After a five-hour meeting of the United Democratic Party (UDP) to discuss the reply of the People's Democratic Forum (PDF) Leader Bah PN Syiem, The CEM said that the decision taken at this meeting was to wait until the start of the Budget Session on the 20th of this month.
The topic of the discussion will be on the basis of mutual understanding and strengthening unity among the states of the North Eastern Region of India.
The first test after 14 days of treatment was negative but the second test was positive.
The Congress party has demanded that the people should be informed about the soskular signed by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi and NSCN (IM) General Secretary T. Muivah. The Congress leaders also want to know whether the soskular has been signed or not. The Prime Minister of India, Nagaland, Assam, Arunachal Pradesh and Manipur, before signing the social agreement or changing the boundaries of these states, said the Prime Minister. must answer.
He said that this emergence of the youth shows that the traditional rule is still strong and alive from the beginning because the Khaddar rule in Ri Khasi is based on a unique characteristic in which we take our jait from the Khasi. He also took the opportunity to read all the 36 sports that Meghalaya has to prepare from the part of the National Games.
The UDP and HSPDP have withdrawn from the PDF, which has led to a split within these parties, where Bah HS Shylla MDC of Nongkrem from the UDP has left to support the party. the PDF and Bah B Warjri of the HSPDP in his letter.
The arrest was made as the border guards have stepped up their patrolling.
According to the Sohra Police Station, they were on their way to the top of the Nohkalikai Valley when they lost their way.
Speaking on the occasion of the 70th Republic Day of India, the Governor said that on this day, “We remember the great men of the country who drafted the Constitution of India. Tirot Singh, Kiang Nangbah and Pa Togan N. Sangma along with others are also unknown.
In order to avoid any disruption in the peace and order, the union demands that the state government should immediately release those who have been arrested without charge, and should scrap the road project. rail until we can introduce laws to curb the entry of illegal immigrants.
The border demarcation between the two states now remains between the Meghalaya and Assam governments on how to do this by mutual understanding.
Jowai, July 22: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills District Unit has visited Moojem Village, Block 1 to open its new office in the village on the border with Assam.
Police have tightened security in Mawprem following the petrol bomb blast at the house of the Shillong West MLA and the seizure of CCTV footage of the Congress candidate for the MLA election. in the year
General of the AJWYO Secretary General, Bah R.Siangshai.
Other incidents in East Khasi Hills District include the house of Pyntngen Khongsit from Kshaid village in Laitkroh Khatarshnong Block.
Speaking before the Dorbar Syiem and the Sordars of Mairang Area, Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman of the Federation of Chiefs of Meghalaya, congratulated the President of the Federation of Khasi States. Paiem Father Manik Syiemlieh, and the Dorbar Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima who agreed to convene and convene a special and fourth Dorbar.
Shillong, July 29: U Bah Shangiansing Nongbri, Rangbah Shnong of Wahlang Village today said that the removal of Bah Overwell Lyngdoh as Secretary of the VEC is the will of the people. ask questions.
Shillong, March 30: The Seng Khasi Kmie Youth Wing will hold a Tyrko competition on the theme “The power of the Khasi Rangbah has been lost” on 6.11.2016 at Seng Mawkhar at 11am.
The attendance of the tournament has reached more than 5,0
This will also be the first time that the BJP Meghalaya State Unit will have a State President from Garo Hills.
The Cabinet is clear that the training in terms of customs and traditions and what the villagers have, such as the history and uniqueness of these should not be destroyed but should be preserved. Expect this to start in the first year of study.
At present, there is no proper instruction to the health workers to explain to the public when they go to give Tika. I didn't get enough explanation to explain to those who came to give Tika what will happen when Tika is given.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Marak said the office has sent the DFO of West Jaintia Hills to investigate the complaint of the residents that drinking water is no longer available due to the floods. you are Mawsun.
We are building a comprehensive approach to address all of these areas and ensure appropriate treatment options and meeting the needs of people with sickle cell anemia.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister said that the government has taken many measures to bring about development works in the Dalu area, especially the construction of roads and bridges.
The government wants to keep the people in their homes, to have peace, if in this way even the insurgents can bring peace why do we need police?” she asked. KHNAM.“KHNAM strongly condemns this border crossing which the government has taken.
“The Durgapur-Banka project is the expansion of the 679 km Paradip-Haldia-Durgapur LPG pipeline project which does not exist to connect the new LPG bottling plant to Banka in Bihar.
He announced that the office at Kseh Bilat will be open every day from 8.30 pm and the public is requested to call 9436102663 in case of meetings.
The financial needs of all stakeholders from start-ups to farmers have been met through various initiatives.
All were also advised to wear masks, not to interact with others and to listen carefully if they have any feeling of fever or chills or difficulty breathing.
The Minister said that she does not mean that the people should be afraid that the pandemic will come again, but we don't see that the pandemic will come again like in those times and years. earlier.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: The Cabinet meeting today decided to set up a special multi task force to combat the insurgency in Garo Hills. They are not in Garo Hills.
“Space technology is also the basis of our PM Gatishakti National Master Plan.
To do this, the Prime Minister has visited the Umjarasi River inside the forest. government that they have just finished looking at.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister placed the Sengol and Nandi on the east-west side of the new Parliament.
Many groups have expressed their condolences on this tragic incident, on behalf of Batesi TV we also send our condolences to the families of all those who lost their lives in this unexpected incident.
At this swearing-in ceremony, the party said that as a nation, we are in the midst of a struggle to implement the Inner Line Permit in the state which has not been successful yet. The unemployment of educated youth who are unemployed, the unemployment of the unemployed youth in Assam are just some of the challenges faced by the nation.
On arrival at the Red Fort, Prime Minister Duh will be welcomed by Defense Minister Rajnath Singh, Defense Minister Ajay Bhatt and Defense Secretary Giridhar Aramane.
They also demanded that the government should release the arrear of five months.
Dkhar said the Steering Committee will meet before announcing the candidate.
He also stressed that farmers have a greater role to play in initiatives such as vocal for local, where they supply their produce to other parts of the country.
He said that the Shillong Cherry Blossom Festival, which has been a popular festival in previous years, will be held from 17th to 19th November and this time it will be held in Ri. Flood District.
The promotion review scheme, which has not been implemented in previous years, has been implemented and if it is as expected, this long standing demand of the employees will be resolved.
The participants decided to take action by preventing the restoration of good things such as cleanliness, to prevent the cleanliness and to request the residents to sell the goods again and to clean up the garbage. they are nier sha goods that cannot be used.
To improve the site, the central government has allocated T.75.65 crore, according to a statement from the PIB (SP News).
The Chief Minister said that the total number of cases in the state has risen to 7, one in Tura, one in Reubelpara and three in Shillong.
According to information received from the High Courts, 733 FTSCs including 413POCSO Courts are operating in 28 States/UTs which have completed more than 1,24,000 cases since the launch of the scheme and 1,93,8 Twenty cases are pending till
There was also a question from the Chairman whether the establishment of the Delimitation Committee within the KHADC could be one of the reasons for postponing the elections for another six months, to provide for the constituencies to form. new.
On this occasion, the Union Minister and the Government Minister distributed the loans to the beneficiaries through various banks.
In Shillong, bank employees have gathered at the ground floor of the Meghalaya Co-operative Bank. The protest was also supported by the Trade Unions in Meghalaya.
Speaking on the protest of the Congress MLAs in the government to replace the leader of the party, it is not clear because they do not want to speak out against it.
Shillong, May 08: Mother's Day was celebrated at Raj Bhavan, Shillong on Saturday.
“He said that the Association does not blame anyone but supports that the law will punish those involved.
He said that the implementation of the Housing Act by the KHADC is only within the areas under the Master Plan prepared by the government, but who knows whether it will be implemented in the future. long outside the Master Plan.
The Governor spoke about the people of the state and the languages ​​they speak.
According to the latest reports, the BSF troops in the area have arrested the Indians and seized a vehicle carrying Rynsun.
Thomas Passah, Secretary of the Expert Committee, Bah Thomas Passah, Secretary of the Expert Committee, said that the KHNAM has submitted a letter to the Expert Committee. writing.
These 290 posts will be filled in the following colleges: Nongstoin College 43, Ri Bhoi College 31, Shangpung College 26, Tirotsing Memorial College Mairang 26, Jaintia Eastern College Khliehriat 31, Tura Christian College Tura 32, Chokpot College Ampati College 33 and Natalang College
The delay in conducting the examination in English subject due to the non-functioning of the Biometric System, has caused the students to stand in the rain and fight each other, which has led to the fact that some students Chairman of the Education Cell of the KSU Pynkmenlang Sanmiet and Secretary Shelkitbok Kharbani said in a petition signed by the Chairman of the Education Cell of the KSU.
Shillong, November 11: The BSF under the leadership of IG PK Dubey welcomed the DG of BGB, Major General Abul Hossain, Director General, Border Guard Bangladesh. The name is to commemorate the soldiers who gave their lives in the India-Pakistan war in 1971 for the independence of Bangladesh.
The SP said that the three robbers threatened the robbers why they came to the forest and demanded that they should pay the fine.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: Former Union Minister Agatha K Sangma today filed her nomination papers for the South Tura MLA election from the National People's Party (NPP). Tura and their mother.
Therefore, we also urge some of the village leaders and civil society organizations to change their minds and unite together in opposing this two lane road and demand that the government should improve or clean only the existing road. already.
In this regard, the Minister promised in front of the party that the government will look into it and take the right decision so that it will be for the benefit of all and will run smoothly. walk orderly.
She said that as the village of Laitumkhrah, it does not want foreigners to disrupt the peace and order in the village.
On the other hand, the elders urged the MLA of Meghalaya Bah Lambor Malngniang who is also the Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board to take action and talk to the PWD to complete the project as soon as possible. cleaning of this road.
This action of the government is a waste of Rs 25 crore sanctioned for the improvement of roads.
Within Warmawsaw GS Circle: Warmawsaw, Umsohbar and Umtang.
Shillong, July 9: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday said that due to the law and order situation in Shillong, the district authorities have imposed a curfew.
Speakers on the occasion were Bah J.Swer, Statistical Investigator, who explained to the participants about the NPR and how the Aadhaar was issued to The benefits of having Aadhaar were also explained to the citizens of Meghalaya through Biometric Enrollment under the NPR. Shillong, Nailur 21: On the night of the 20th of this month, a clash broke out between two policemen inside the Police Reserved. Leobirth R Marak stabbed Poliberth D Marak.
Iooksi and Umsalait villages are located on either side of the Mynsar River but the road to reach these villages is very narrow.
Speaking to reporters during the inspection of the school, the Chief Minister said that there have been several incidents that have happened at the school.
It also shows that Delhi does not respect or trust them.
In his speech as the chief guest, Bah Vincent H Pala congratulated the founders of the College for getting this Auditorium in a short period of time. students of this college can avail many benefits of this facility through events which may be held from time to time.
The implementation of the UCC will affect the rights of the Sixth Schedule indigenous peoples, because indigenous peoples have their own customs and beliefs. religious belief.
There are 148 recoveries, 127 from East Khasi Hills, 7 from Ri Bhoi, 6 from West Garo Hills, 4 from South West Garo Hills and 4 from West Jaintia Hills. long up to 12470 people so far.
BJP MLA Alexander L. Hek, who is also the party leader, said, “We expected the elections to be held in June but now it has come to the elections. In June, we expect the BJP in Delhi to announce the names of the candidates.
The HOPE group has distributed rice, sugar, wheat, rice, umphniang to the people today. This assistance has been a blessing to those families who really need this assistance.
On the same day, the UDP Youth Wing Mawsynram has met with the party leaders especially Bah Embhahlang Syiemlieh MLA to discuss how to strengthen the party for the MLA election. “Olan Suin will be the candidate of the party,” said GB Kharraswai.
However, the group was revived on 1st July, 1965 in Solan (Himachal Pradesh).
Speaking on the Red Carpet for the premiere of the first film of IFFI 53 and the premiere of Austrian director Dieter Berner's film Alma and Oscar, the Minister said that year, this festival has expanded.
USTM shares these beliefs by empowering students to become leaders, innovators and responsible citizens who contribute to the economic development of the country, he said.
Referring to the Anti Influx Cell of the party, John D Sangma, Vice Chairman of the party, said that they have implemented the cell and when they went to ask for permission from the party, The Deputy Commissioner has asked for three months' notice.
Regarding the claim of ACHIK that the 13 vacancies in the office have been allocated only to Garo, Dkhar said it is wrong and impossible because the jobs have been allocated to Garo. and the light was only artylli.
Police have made bulls with siej and went to the place where the 10 people were staying and by using the bulls they have been able to rescue all the 40 people, said the DC. in West Jiantia Hills District.
She has also held many of the responsibilities assigned to her by this group in the past years until her death.
He emphasized on ‘Our culture, our pride’, and spoke about the work related to research and promotion of the state’s rich culture.
The government is now considering how to appoint special police to investigate these allegations, said the Home Minister.
Leaders of MSSASA Sengkmie and office bearers of MSSASA – West Khasi Hills District Unit will attend the event.
The meeting unanimously decided to send a letter to the Minister of Home Affairs of India Sushil Kumar Sinde to express its opposition to the proposed amendment. The Sixth Schedule and the letter will also be sent to the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma, MP Vincent Pala and Minister in charge of District Council Affairs HDR Lyngdoh.
In this regard, the police urged the public to refrain from paying money to insurgents as they will fall under the provisions of Sections 11, 13 and 17 of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act. , 1967, as well as under Section 4 of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act, 1967 and Section 109 of the IPC. The DGP of Meghalaya said that the police will not disclose the names of those who have been extorted money.
During these years of his MLAship, he was also a Minister in the government of Bah BB Lyngdoh.
The hearing will be held on the 28th of this month.
The expenditure of the KHADC will be on the GAD department, which should pay the salaries of the employees and members of the House including the CEM and EMs and other expenses, the salaries of the employees of the legal department. , the payment of the Finance Department, the payment of the Judiciary, Legislative Expenditure, the work to be carried out by the KHADC and the Enforcement Department to protect the land of the tribals.
Shillong, November 16: The Assamese in Meghalaya today held a sit-in at Asom Khristi Kendra Shillong to demand the implementation of the ILP in the North. east everywhere.
Sadly, with the return of the BJP to power in Delhi, the BJP leaders have now made it clear that they will bring back the CAB. India is different even if they enter and stay in India illegally without proper documents.
Why Ampreen Lyngdoh joined the NPP is because she is still under investigation by the CBI. This shows that the NPP led by the MDA government is only protecting corrupt people. ask again.
The union congratulates the Dorbar Shnong under the leadership of the Rangbah Shnong and the new Executive Committee (EC) for taking action against foreigners who have illegally stayed in the village without permission from the village. The Dorbar Shnong and failed to provide the necessary documents such as Work Permit, Police Verification from the place of origin, Trading License, Labor License and other requirements.
Minister of State for Social Justice and Empowerment.
The allegation that it is a Bill to discriminate against women is completely wrong.
The Meghalaya SSA Schools Association (MSSASA) Central Body has demanded from the State Government to increase the salaries of 12,481 SSA teachers from 2nd June, On 15th June, 2016, Arvind Rana and Ajay Upmanyu supported the SSA teachers to force the Government to implement their demands.
Speaking to reporters, Donal V Thabah, General Secretary of the party, said that the police have informed that the summons was on the order of the higher authorities.
State government officials also informed that from this year, scholarships will be released to the bank accounts of the students.
The KSU asks whether this is not because they have another intention to invade the village in this area, because perhaps they are people who have smuggled from the border, said Samla Sonstar Nongkhlaw.
This theft of petrol is not only affecting the owners of petrol pumps which is their right and if such theft of petrol continues it will also affect the people of the state especially the protest to stop smuggling. oil if it continues will affect the people first if the state experiences oil shortage.
Shillong, November 19: The Director of Health Services (DHS) today said that the number of cases of COVID-19 in Meghalaya has dropped to
This will help in the future by setting up shelters in India and this will become one of the most growing jobs for women who are struggling to stand on their own feet. kjot to rise in the court.
Ardent Basaiamoit, CEM of KHADC, at this meeting, informed the public about the decisions taken by the District Council and the office of the Syiem of Mylliem. Bah B Lyngdoh, Special Officer in charge of the problems of the people at the KHADC office, can contact at any time.
Forms for Free Coaching CUET-UG have been released from 6th June 2024 and will end on 19th June 2024 and classes will start from 22nd June 2024 at 3 pm. until 5 pm every day in Nongpoh.
Until now we have seen that the Government has fear and not action regarding the demand to change the Reservation Policy,” said the statement.
Shillong, Lber 10: The residents of Balat Border Market have asked the state road construction department why the bridge between Lalpani and Pyndenborsora has been delayed. I've been here for more than seven years.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: A delegation of more than 500 village, raid and Hima leaders from Khasi & Jaintia Hills today met at Pinewood Convention Center, Shillong at 1 pm on the occasion of the visit of Rahul Gandhi. The meeting was attended by Dr Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister, Dr CP Joshi, MP, General Secretary, AICC. The Chairman, the Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, who opened the door for a meeting between the Rulers and this prominent leader of India.
On the other hand, the Minister said in the House that the government has set up a committee to find a place elsewhere but till now no place has been found.
Shillong, Nailar 22: The two-month strike by JACATAM today has affected schools across the state, including those schools that are still adhoc and deficit.
In another incident, Shillong Police said that they have received a complaint that on the 19th of this month, a man named Litjanai Sun has raped a woman. A 24-year-old woman from Demseiniong was arrested in a Hyundai i-10 number ML05K
Speaking to SP News Agency, he said that the government is not like the private sector, the government has to write to the government and the government will allocate funds to build the road.
Chief Secretary MS Rao, President Asian Conference, Shillong and Dr BB Dutta were also present as special guests.
The Supreme Court of India has allowed the mining of coal in the state, but the truth is that it is no longer in the past, but it has to be mined according to the present technology, according to the rules. created by the federal and state governments.
In conclusion, Prime Minister Duh said that he is full of hope on this day.
This problem has been heard from time to time which has led to the Job Card Holders to delay even in depositing money inside the Post Office.
In order to preserve the environment, the KHADC has set up a special committee to look into how to preserve the environment even if it is by traditional mining.
The Children's Dorbar of Mawlat Village, East Khasi Hills District on 4th November, 2023 has renewed its office bearers. Pynshngaiñ Khongjoh has been elected as the Chief Sordar and Dayomi Suting as the Asst. , Darisha Kshiar as Secretary, Jubandeipor Kshiar and Ribanjanai Kshiar as Asst.Secretary, Headingson Khongjoh as Publicity Secretary, Dancel Kshiar as Sports Secretary, Ed Khongjoh as Secretary with 7 members.
The Prime Minister also spoke on the “Rurban Mission” on how to promote economic development in the rural areas.
Meanwhile, BSF troops of 110 Battalion Meghalaya have seized a pickup truck carrying sugar intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh at Kasinda border. .
On this occasion, the players who performed well in the tournament were also honored and the team as a whole received a cash prize of 4 lakh tyngka and a trophy.
Due to the inability to remove the officer from the office, the GSU will hold a sit-in in front of the office for two days on the 20th and 21st of this month.
Radio and Doordarshanki have collected information about more than 500 of these unknown heroes from the countryside, and have released this information about their role in the independence of the country. .
Grace Mary Kharpuri received 5871 votes and Balajied Kupar Synrem received 12002 votes.
The Government has also engaged private businesses in vaccination since the initiative was launched.
The Deputy Commissioners and District Transport Offices have been handed over to resolve the issue.
The 4th Marathon Race for Tirot Singh Syiem was organized by HNYF Mairang Sub Division Circle from 7:00 am to Nalad Mawnai. Pyndengumiong Station and end at Mot Tirot Syiem's ​​Office.
We have to add more and more such new techniques to understand our aspirations of Ek Bharat, Shreshtha Bharat.
Shillong, Naitung 23: The Executive Member in charge of the market of KHADC, Bah Jambor War, in reply to a question by Bah RV Lyngdoh MDC on the kilo cut by the farmers in Iewduh, said that Farmers can lodge a complaint with the Royal Police Station if they are cut kilos.
Shillong, June 16: The funeral of Dr John Sailo Ryntathiang was held this morning at the Holy Cemetery of the Presbyterian Church of Raitsamthiah, Lawmali Shillong.
Speaking to media after the meeting of the Mawsynram Civil Sub Division Demand Committee (MCSDDC), he said that various organizations have already submitted petitions to the government from time to time to demand that the Mawsynram Civil Sub Division, but from those who cannot understand, this demand has not been met.
The KJCE also prays for the victims and their families, that God Almighty will grant peace and healing to their broken bodies and souls.
The colony has its own welfare society and in terms of village affairs it must get permission from the Dorbar Shnong Rynjah.
But there is no such thing.
If these Pnars have to go to Assam.
The president of HANM-Shangpung Circle, Bah EJ Law, has requested the DC to take action so that the children can benefit, especially those who have the talent to dance in Jaintia Hills.
At present, it is still in the dark and surprises not only the people but also the current MDCs and those who are preparing to contest the MDC election in early
“However, this proposal is against Section 6A of the Constitution which clearly states, “When there is a declaration of Emergency to come into force or for any reason, in the opinion of the Governor, The holding of invalid elections may be extended by the Governor for a period not exceeding one year and if the declaration of Emergency is in force, it shall not exceed a period of six months after the declaration.
“If the language lives, the nation lives, and if the language disappears, the nation dies” LYWA invites all the children of the Hynniewtrep people to come out on 22/09/2
“If the law is the Land Transfer Act, we urge the Minister to find out how these same companies can buy land in our state,” said the President of the party. Because of Poison.
Shillong, November 11: The North East Students Organization (NESO) has decided to declare November 11 as a dark day. The Citizen (Amendment) Act was passed by the Parliament of India in 2019 which has now become law.
Furthermore, these Bills proposed by the KHADC authorities are without substance because these Chiefs and Headmen are not defined in the Constitution of India, so these Bills proposed are only as snowflakes until they are all destroyed.
This will open up many job opportunities for the youth.
He said that at present he is only asking for the NPP and other parties will also be asked.
Since 1947 he has been involved in public affairs and he was the one who spoke to the former Prime Minister of India Pandit Nehru when he went to Delhi to talk about the establishment of the Civil Park. Hospital now.
The Regional News Unit of All India Radio, Guwahati has organized an information competition on Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsavna for listeners every Tuesday at 6:45 pm.
This is the 12th cemetery in Jaintia Hills and the cost of construction has been estimated at T.15,20,0
The public hearing is scheduled to be held from 11 am to 4 pm in all the places where the hearing will be held.
The President of JIMA, who was awarded the degree of Doctor by Martin Luther Christian University (MLCU), said that the JIMA has made an effort to work with the students in the field of Pharmacognosy who are currently among them; research on the plants we use to make medicines.
Naiwieng 08: The President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, Bah Shibun Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the party as a whole would like to congratulate the people of Meghalaya on this occasion. The BJP government in Delhi under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
He also urged the various churches and Seiñraij and those private individuals who have enough income to please donate as much as you can to the poor people so that the country and our nation can fight against it. Corona Virus disease.
Because it doesn't mean that all those who get first class have to go to science stream.
The Director of Health Services (MI) has promised to direct the District Medical and Health Officer (DM&HO) South West Khasi Hills District to inform the DSC of all the vacant posts within the Civil Hospital Mawkyrwat. or MPSC to immediately announce the advertisement and to remove the employees who enter the house.
Shillong, Nailar 11: The Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy today praised the beauty of nature in Meghalaya and said that this beauty opens up many opportunities for the state to compare with others. tourist attractions in the country and even abroad, hence the name Scotland of the East.
The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) on Thursday said that it will meet the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma to request him to urge the MPs of Assam to support them. three State claim issues.
The drugs and two mobile phones were seized from the suspects and a case has been registered at Lumshnong Police Station under Section 21(b)/29 of the NDPS Act.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: On behalf of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), we are deeply saddened to see that our fellow citizens and citizens of the North East have been attacked by the black people in Bihar.
: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has decided to increase the Fixed Incentive of ASHA workers from T.2000 to T.3000 under the new Community Based Health Incentive Scheme ( CBHIS) for ASHA workers. This decision was taken at a meeting chaired by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, in the presence of the Chief Health Officer of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare on Tuesday. and leaders of the Meghalaya ASHA Workers' Union (ASHA) at the Headquarters, Shillong.
The Shillong Cantonment Board, which falls under the jurisdiction of the Shillong Cantonment Board, has asked how the permission was given to build the Police Booth. street.
Therefore, the union has urged the relevant authorities especially the PWD department to immediately complete the work of all the contractors who have not completed the work and the union has demanded that they should complete the work by October this year. but otherwise the party will not have to take other strong measures.
Regarding the government's request, the HNLC has sent a letter to continue the peace talks, the HNLC has sent a letter to the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui. Shillong: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 25 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills. 13, Ri Bhoi 3, West Garo Hills 3, West Jaintia Hills 2, East Jaintia Hills 2, North Garo Hills 1, South Garo Hills1
He said that since the party was established in 2017, they have faced many challenges. In 2018, they won four MLAs and four of them left the party and one MDC. 2023 candidates but only two candidates won.
He said that the council will also provide assistance to the sacred forests, Hima forests, Kur forests, on this we have already held a meeting and today we have called a meeting with the JHADC and GHADC. , which they did not attend, but was attended by the Hima leaders.
The delegation also includes Bishop Theodore Mascarenhas, Secretary General of the Catholic Bishops' Conference of India, KJ Alphons, Sujata Mehta Secretary (West), Ministry of External Affairs. Two other members led by the Prime Minister have sought permission from the Foreign Ministry of the Union Government which has already been approved.
Shillong, June 15: The KHNAM Youth Wing today met with the Deputy Director of the North Eastern Institute of Health and Medical Science (KHNAM). NIGHTMARE).
Shillong, November 23: The Chief Engineer of the State Sports Council (SCC) has informed the public that the stadium will be closed from the 28th of this month due to the construction of plastic fences. month until the 28th of July next year.
The Seng urges the law enforcement authorities to investigate and arrest all those involved in this crime in which one of the victims is in critical condition.
The strike by the teachers in the adhoc and deficit schools will affect the students across the state as there are more than 14,000 teachers in the state.
It is shameful that the CEM is afraid to meet with the Sengbhalang leaders who come to meet him with dignity, but he does not open the door of dialogue which is the way to reach an understanding. remove the problems arising from the job seekers who have passed their various qualifications.
On the part of those who received the assistance, they also expressed their gratitude to those who reached out to them during this time of crisis.
Measures have been taken to ensure adequate supply of drinking water, cooking water, water for cooking mid-day meals, hand washing and toilet use in schools and anganwadi centres.
Police have recovered 17 mobile phones from these suspects in connection with the theft of vehicles from one state to another especially between Meghalaya and Assam.
The forms have been distributed within the KHADC. For indigenous people, the forms have to be obtained from the Enforcement Wing and for non-residents, the forms have to be obtained from the Trade Department.
The new police station will protect this area.
Anthony Nongbri said that the people cannot forget the protest for ILP in 2013 where many people suffered tragic incidents during the tenure of Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma. If Dr Mukul Sangma has decided to implement the ILP as accepted by the present MDA government, it will be easy because the Congress government in Meghalaya and the Congress government in Delhi. he did not accept the ILP at that time.
Answering additional questions, the Prime Minister said that the government in allocating its annual budget by estimating what it should receive during the budget year and The funds have been allocated to the Government according to the amount of funds to be received from the Central Government schemes as well as from the State Government schemes.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The filing of nomination papers for the MDC election to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has reached its second day.
Speaking to media, Kencho Dema, a research scholar from GNHS, said the main thing is to know and study how the district councils use their powers especially in the field of and the judicial system and the functioning of ADCs.
On the other hand, the Director of Health Services (DHS) said that they will hold a meeting in these days between the police department and the health department to see if it should be held. If no one tests positive, 80,000 people will be searched.
Speaking to reporters, Samla Lapang, along with other leaders of the party, alleged that the OC had alleged that Bah Kylla was involved in extortion. They said that in fact Bah Kylla had gone to ask a man named Sabratta Dutt about the money for the donation to the Joint Christmas Carol. The Joint Christmas Carol was organized by the RBYF, KSU, FKJGP, CORP, Village Youth Association and various churches of Umsning area.
He said that the Nongkhlaw area can become a tourist destination if the village and hima authorities together with the people of this area cooperate with the state government.
On 29-07-2017, the party will hold a meeting to discuss with all the MLAs of Bri u Hynniewtrep on the demands which the party has already informed them through letters. MLAs to discuss these issues in the Thawain Durbar.
The Prime Minister congratulated all the employees who have worked hard in the fight against COVID-1
All those who came to see the performance were praised.
Police verification, if necessary, will be conducted in Jaipur.
This was announced by Bah Reginald Thabah, Assistant Information Secretary of FKJGP Central Body.
In this regard, the KSU expresses its opposition to the Assam Government and urges the Meghalaya Government to take action against this incident, said Samla Ohibait Dkhar, President KSU Jaintia Hill District Unit.
Ratna Rai, and Ms. Pdiangsngewbha Pohti, have made a name for themselves in various fields.
The speakers will be Prof. DRL Nonglait, HOD, Khasi Department, NEHU and President, KAS.
Jowai, June 15: The Jaintia Student Movement (JSU) Central Body has given its full support to the curfew called by five civil society organizations from the 16th to the 17th morning, including the AJYWO Sengkmie, KSU-JHDU, HNYF-East Jaintia Hills Zone, FKJGP Khliehriat Circle and SRS-East Jaintia Hills have issued a statement saying that the government has neglected the NH 44 road in Jaintia Hills.
The B20 Conference in Mizoram has encouraged the development of tourism in the state and will promote Mizoram as a tourist destination.
On this day, Nan Polok was filled with beautiful costumes and various stalls to attract the visitors to witness the Shillong Literary Festival.
The members of the Seng have resigned after seeing in the media a statement from the villagers that they are a family that is suffering even to provide for their young children and that they are only women. At present, she has to rely on her eldest son who is 18 years old to support her family.
Earlier, Bah Matsiewdor War Nongbri, Director of Sports and Youth Affairs and Arts and Culture, who was the Chief Guest, Pa'iem PM Syiemlieh, Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Bah Plingstar Nongrang , Sordar Nongkhlaw, the Union of Sordar Shnongs, and the people held a wreath laying ceremony at the statue of Pa'iem Tirot Singh at the Khasi Patriotic Home and a two minute silence in honor of the dead soul of this hero of the Khasi country.
Speaking briefly on the occasion, FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle President Kitboklang Nongphlang said that poverty is not enough. to encourage people who truly have the spirit of struggle to move forward and to shape a brighter future.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, he said that the KSU has alleged that the KSU is not involved in the death of the two men. HANM cannot accept this allegation.
The leader of the Hynniewtrep Traders Association, Kong Victoria Marweiñ, after the meeting with the CEM of KHADC, said, “On that day, that Khasi women should come out and speak in such a way. They don't know the truth that the District Council does and the Dorbar works.
It was approved for the implementation of the Mission for the remaining term of the 14th Finance Commission (2018-19 and 2019-20).
This was done in accordance with the Constitution of the country to promote the official language in the country.
Ch Marak, 9 years old, and Algarik Ch.
She said that the Government has developed more and more sectors such as Agriculture, Tourism, Power Generation, Education, Information Technology, Entrepreneurship and all sectors.
For now, the Meghalaya government should send its police to protect the people in Mukroh and withdraw the Assam police immediately.
The meeting was attended by many Longkmie, youth from different villages under Mawkynrew Block including ASHA workers at various Aganwadi Centres.
The CEO said he has no objection if the district authorities give permission.
The multi-faceted approach to work has become pervasive today, especially in the IT/ITES industries due to the disruptions that came through the pandemic.
The farmers have requested the Government to withdraw the tax on agricultural products along the Jowai-Shillong road through the District Council as this has affected the farmers, said the Secretary of the Seng ki Nongrep War Jaintia. , Mr. Sumer Syngkor and President Mr. Colmen Pohshna.
Man of the Match was awarded to Samla Ontis War (Nohron FC), Best Goal Keeper to Samla Donaldson Lyting (Nohron FC), Top Scorer to Shahlem Lynshiang (Nohron FC). ) with a cash prize of Rs.1,000/- and a trophy, while the Discipline Team was won by Mawpyrshong Sports Club with a cash prize of Rs.1,5 The Best Match Pass was won by the team of Mawpyrshong Sports Club which won a cash prize of Rs.
“As of now, I have no intention of joining any party because I will be happy at this time when I am independent.
On this occasion, there was also a free health service for the residents in collaboration with the Sohiong Community Health Centre.
Speaking as the chief guest, Dr Nonglait said that the present government has prepared a new Education Policy and hopes it will be adequate.
We request you and the Dorbar to take action to inform and invite all the Rangbah in the Hima/Elaka and to set aside time on 17 August 2017, from 11.00 AM in the morning, at Dinam Hall, Jaiaw, Shillong, as a sign of unity and to encourage the children of the country and as the Chief Executive Members we continue to uphold the rights of the people of Hynniewtrep.
Shillong, Lber, 20: The FKJGP Mawthadraishan Circle will hold a meeting on the 24th of this month at Markasa village in West Khasi Hill District.
The festival aims to promote traditional crafts, handicrafts, agricultural products and this will contribute to the development of the region. The exhibition of deeds, the sale of food items and other activities will be held on these days.
Speaking on the current situation, the Governor stressed on Article 51 of the Constitution which states that the State should protect the livelihood of the people. and to avoid conflicts.
Conclude the statement from the Union.
Experienced journalist Anirban Roy explained about the adoption of the proper use of digital tools in the dissemination of information.
There are 64 pandals in Shillong and 24 in Tura. There are 9 private pandals this year.
However, the enactment of the Healing (Prevention of Evil) Practices Act 2024 in Assam may put the worship of Christians at great risk.
They were tourists from West Bengal who were riding in a scooty (ML 05-AA-8256) which collided with a scooty (ML05-Y-1286). One of the passengers of the scooty, whose name is not yet known, died on the spot while another friend of the scooty was seriously injured. He was identified as Bishal Mandal, 20 years old. in Demsein, Shillong.
Bah Jyrwa said that taxi drivers who carry more passengers than the stipulated price should pay the old price and if they take too much they should speak and not listen like the taxi driver. if they do according to the rules, they shall pay the prescribed dorbar.
The Mass Media Department is also working with the Yamagata International Documentary Film Festival, Japan, to collect films from this northeastern region of India.
Shillong, Nailur 19: The Khasi Authors' Society (KAS) today celebrated its 42nd Anniversary.
Shillong, Naitung 04: Five persons have tested positive for COVID-19 in the state, three in East Khasi Hills District and three in in Ri Bhoi District.
Coffins from the Tourism Department, Deputy Commissioner's Office, DCIC-East Khasi Hills, Superintendent of Fisheries, Meghalaya State Skills Development Society, District Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, District Horticulture, DFO, Social Forestry, NCC, Divisional Soil and Water Conservation and District Election Officer.
New Delhi, Jymmang 02: The President of India, Pranab Mukherjee, has sent his condolences to all those killed and injured in the forest fires in Uttarakhand.
Sangma said the price of kwai has been sold at more than 50 percent and added, “Therefore, the price increase is only a way to move forward.
On the other hand, as the leader of the area, he wants the Jhalupara Police Out Post to be moved to Umsherpi Bridge, the central area and the area is also government property.
Before the planting of the trees, a small meeting was held at the school of Rev. David Edward Lapasam in the presence of youths from several churches such as Jowai, Nongtalang, Khyndewso, Kharang and others. others as well as youth, elders and women from Mukhap church.
Many people have gone to the KSU office to submit their affidavits and this will continue until the 28th.
At the same time, he submitted a project report for the improvement of the View Point at Mawiong Rim.
The recruitment held in Tura is exclusively for the youth of Meghalaya who wish to take this opportunity to serve the country.
Shillong, July 20: The 50th Golden Jubilee of Meghalaya will be celebrated tomorrow morning at Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium. @DIPR Meghalaya on Facebook and on TV channels.
Earlier, on 8th July 2015, the MHC had issued an order banning the media from interviewing or publishing any statements or writings of the former CEM of KHADC, Bah Adelbert. Nongrum only for the sake of speaking on the rights of the Hynniewtrep people.
Finally, the JSU appeals to the people to be patient and join hands during these three nights without any obstacles so that we can get the fruits of victory for the JSU. the life and death of our country and nation.
Telinia Thangkhiew will take over the post of Chairman of the KHADC and Bah Shylla has already announced this in the House in his speech. Other news reports said that Bah Pyniaid Syiem may be the Deputy Chairman of the House because it is necessary for the House to have a Deputy Chairman to look after the Deputy Chairman. they are within the District Council.
The Chairman of the party, Novembirth Marak, explained the purpose of the party in establishing the party and how they took the decision to dissolve it. The Government led by Dr Mukul Sangma and the Government Secretary and other Secretaries have taken part in bringing them to the social peace agreement.
The Committee was formed on 06-05-2020, together with the elders of Umkiang Village, such as Sailen Sing Sutnga, Pardonwell Lyngoh, Stanly Pala, Datipshwa Nongrum and Wanris Rymbai. Rangbah Dong and Dong Secretary of 10 Dongs, together with Umkiang Youth Wing, VDP, Volunteers and other elders of the Village.
Shillong, July 19: One of the objectives of the Rotary Sohra Marathon, on the 25th of July, is to encourage and encourage the people of Sohra to participate in this race.
It is learned that the implementation of the online ration card is in progress for the smooth running of the ration distribution.
Police have taken him to the Civil Hospital for treatment.
It was Bah Opbil who convened a meeting of the Union at the MDC Hostel in Jowai to discuss how to start the Union in Jaintia Hills to strengthen the Kurs. and pray that God will grant eternal rest to the soul at the door of God.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The Assistant Inspector General of Police, Meghalaya, GK Iaingrai today said that the Cyber ​​Crime Department has registered a case against Pradtidin News Channel. from the state of Assam.
According to the government, there are 200 students studying in different parts of Manipur and 66 students have been admitted so far. to bring back those who remain in the state.
Police have registered a case under Section 3(a)/4 of the POCSO Act.
Like the KSU since its former leaders have been opposed to the construction of the railway line to our state.
The union will send a letter to the government through the Minister of Health and Family Welfare in the coming months to convey to the government the demand for a Civil Hospital in East Jaintia Hills.
The union strongly condemns this action of the department and requests the DC South West Khasi Hills District to take immediate action and order the office to immediately announce these posts before the union. take other more drastic measures.
Edmund Khongngai said that during the meeting, they suggested to the Minister to set up a Village Task Force Committee to work with the SDO, BDO, Police Department and the residents of the area for the purpose of to fight against this destructive alcohol among the youth of the area.
In the complaint, it was said that the office of M/s Ferro Alloy Industry in Guwahati had deposited the money of these employees in the bank account of Monjurul Hoque.
The meeting also discussed how to find ways and means to strengthen the women's group in the villages.
The Seng puts forward the protection of the Jaidbynriew and in our understanding if the railway line comes it will make it easier for the foreigners to invade the Bri u Hynniewtrep. Regarding the development of roads, the Seng suggests that the Government of India and the Government of Meghalaya should build a four-lane road from Ratachera to Umiam to facilitate the transportation of goods. the eyes and the people who travel.
Shillong, Nailur 11: Along with the rest of the world, the Day Against Suicide was celebrated in Shillong at Holy Cross Brookdene Hall, Shillong.
Prof Kma said the VC has approved to set up a committee to look into the issues related to the Marking System and the maintenance of hostels and health.
In a statement sent by the President and General Secretary of MVSA, Shillong, they said, “The Association has taken seriously this incident, which has appeared in the media.
When asked, the Minister said that the Government has always agreed that the rules and regulations issued by the MHA are binding on all groups which the Government of India has also agreed. you crane the word.
Meghalaya has reached the final of the tournament after beating Manipur 3-0 in a match held at the Polo Ground. They came to watch this ball match.
Shillong, Naiwieng 03: Ka KHNAM has expressed its concern over the problems faced by the people due to the implementation of the GST. Whether the introduction of the GST will benefit India and the people, cannot be seen now, but the implementation of it has been seen. I have affected the people of the state.
" From opening up self-employment to embracing technology, June is a month that calls for strengthening the role of young people who will move the country towards a better and more inclusive future to everyone.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: The Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya, Bah FR Kharkongor, today said that the registration of citizens who have reached the age of 18 years on the Electoral Roll.
Neroca FC scored the first goal against Shillong Lajong in the 83rd minute. Shillong Lajong FC tried hard but couldn't turn the tide. Shillong Lajong have won their first title in the I-League.
The KHADC has more than 60 Police Enforcement Officers to oversee the work of the Council in the four districts within the Council's jurisdiction.
Special teams were formed by the district authorities and worked on activities like promotion of beneficiaries, provision of vaccination centres, administration of vaccines, information about donors and recipients etc. activity.
Tura, Nailur 19: Two persons were killed in the shooting at the house of Ganadra Hajong in Garobada, South Garo Hills District at 1:30 pm this morning.
Pynshngian said that on the report, the judge has submitted a report on the investigation into the allegation that there has been a deposit of money into a private account belonging to the office. The report shall be submitted to the Executive Committee and the PDF and shall also be submitted to the House.
The union has seen this initiative of the department in which today 28/4/2020 the employees of MeECL have come to repair these posts which have been damaged and destroyed.
The arrested were identified as Willbirth T Sangma, Wister N Marak and Salgra Ch Sangma.
It was also decided to work with NGOs inside and outside the State as well; and to urge the leaders especially the Prime Minister to take a decision to demand from the Government of India to include the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution.
It may be recalled that NESU has filed a petition in the Supreme Court of India against the proposal to enact the CAA 2029 on 19th November 2019, although the CAA from the areas where the ILP has been implemented and There are no district councils in Mizoram, Nagaland, Arunachal Pradesh and Manipur.
Shillong, July 28: The Congress party today announced four candidates for the four constituencies which have not been announced in the past few days. from all 60 constituencies.
He also urged the members of the Seng to urge and express with one voice to the Government of India to allow us as a state to have our own laws to protect us as a nation.
Prestone said the government has taken this decision after a thorough discussion within the Cabinet today and after discussion the Cabinet has approved this decision to increase the price of petrol and Diesel is T.2.50/- per litre.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) of Ri Bhoi District has sent a letter to the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma to inform him that the Assam government has now come to build the Raid Nongtung. Police Outpost in Umra village near Turso village in Ri Bhoi District.
He said that this victory is because the people remember what their father has done for them, the unity as a party and the cooperation of all and this victory is the victory of the people.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government led by Conrad K Sangma has no right to rule the state. MLA Zenith Sangma.
High bank deposits have implications in terms of the ability of banks to lend.
One of the objectives of the Seng in this regard is that many Khasi honors students across the state have failed to pursue their master degree and Ph.D.
At the same time, he said that there is still a way to review the decision of the two parties before they announce the constituencies. The time to contest the election will be only in those constituencies where there are MLAs, such as Mawshynrut where he is an MLA, where the UDP has MLAs from Sohra, Mawthadraishan and Mawkynrew.
The SP said that the scene of the murder will be investigated further so that the perpetrators can be identified.
Rev Thomas Jones came to these Khasi Hills on the 22nd of this month
Majai village has been occupied by foreign officials and 'Ingkhong shyllangmat'
Besides, the HYC has urged the state government to find ways to help about 200 students who are studying in Manipur to continue their studies.
“In a statement sent to the media via video, Bah Nongrum said, “I am in Riwai, Pynursla, and I would like to speak on Prestone's statement on the Iewmawlong issue. says he doesn’t want to waste time.
He also expressed his surprise at the implementation of the CMSMS in which there has been a 50 percent decrease in maternal and infant mortality in the state in the years 2020-2
Therefore, training in Computer and Mother Tongue is very important and will help the youth in employment opportunities.
They can submit their complaints to the Complaint Box at the office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), Mairang.
