On the other hand, Bah Paul urged the people to cooperate in this regard for the safety of many people.
In the Khasi society, the voice of Bah Ardent, the voice of Kong Angela, the voice of Bah KP Paniang, the voice of Bah Gavin, the voice of KHNAM or the voice of kyang shla of the Sengbhalang speaks 'Mangi' 'Manga' appears from behind while 'Manga' hides from behind to proclaim that they are the only ones who are the best, others are not.
The impact of factories is not only in this state but in India as a whole.
Thousands of students from various schools and colleges in Shillong on Tuesday took part in the Hynniewtrep Youths' March organized by the Hynniewtrep Youths. Council (HYC) Central Body.
“If Bah AL Hek, who has been an MLA for seven terms, is approved, it will be very pleasant,” said Bah Kharkhrang.
Do you want to see bloodshed in Sohra and in the whole of Hynniewtrep? Do you want us to teach hatred and bloodshed to the youth like the RSS and BJP teach hatred and bloodshed to burn the holy books of other religions, churches and schools?  Don't force us to teach the truth.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has lodged a complaint against the Meghalaya Police in Umsawli on Friday.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The Martin Luther Christian University (MLCU) today held a skit at Mariang Market to raise awareness on the increase in violence against women and children in Mairang area.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the DSP headquarters said that the police department has laid down strict rules for youths who are 157 cm tall. Men can apply for this post and for women they must be 152 cm tall.
At present, the HSPDP has two MDCs who are not from the PDF, Kong Thangkhiew and Bah Pyniaidsing Syiem.
There are 50 cases, 8 cases in East Khasi Hills, 6 cases in West Garo Hills and 2 cases in West Garo Hills.
Others who spoke on the occasion were former CEM PN Syiem, Bindo M Lanong, RV Lyngdoh and Victor Ranee. The death of Bah Deng Shylla.
Prime Minister Duh said he was confident that the people of India would continue to bless the 17th Lok Sabha for its achievements.
The Minister came to attend the celebration of the 5th International Day of Yoga in Shillong, Meghalaya as the chief guest and explained the benefits of practicing yoga regularly.
Commenting on the killing of Lurshai Hynniewta in Ichamati, KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar said, “At the time of the killing of Lurshai Hynniewta, where did those involved in the killing of Lurshai Hynniewta go? kill this young man.
She also expressed her gratitude to the State Government for its support and also to the Sengbhalang for its assistance.
The 26 cases are from East Khasi Hills, 8 cases, 1 case from South Garo Hills, 1 case from South West Khasi Hills, 15 cases from West Garo Hills and 1 case from West Jaintia Hills. I'm from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today.
On this occasion, Dolma explained that there is a conflict between Tibetans and Bhutias, Tibetans are from Tibet and Bhutias are from Bhutan. was occupied by China.
Dr. RS Thangkhiew completed his MBBS from Assam Medical College in 1980 and his MD (Medicine) from PGIMER, Chandigarh in
Shillong, Lber 29: The All Assam Media Employees Federation (AAMEF) has expressed its deep sorrow over the closure of the first Bengoli newspaper in Meghalaya, Sangbad Lahari. and this will affect more than 100 employees.
With the launch of this new scheme, applicants can now choose the Regional Passport Office (RPO) and the Post Office Passport Service Center (POPSK) under which they wish to send their application. their applications whether their current place of residence as mentioned on the form falls within the PRO boundary or not.
Speaking to reporters, Minister in charge of Culture and Heritage, Bah Sanbor Shullai said that the CRPF has also requested for 50 acres of land. The Prime Minister's symbol is that nothing should be done about this previous meeting.
To ensure that there will be no shortage for the country, the companies working in this field have done their utmost to send their oil tankers to any part of the country to supply them. This was announced by the Government through PIB (SP News).
There is a program to provide drinking water to 2,80,000 households in Meghalaya, divided into 1874 small projects.
RBYF President P Thangkhiew said that according to the adoption of law by the District Council in JHADC, there is no law to implement the ILP, as well as in GHADC.
Regarding the behavior of the PSOs, a complaint has already been lodged and on the border dispute with Assam, the government has taken action. However, the government has taken action to resolve this issue. To allege that the peace and order in the village is no longer there is wrong compared to the past.
They were sworn in by Donald V Thabah (General Secretary, KSU Central Executive Council) and speeches were delivered by Biangbor L Paliar (Organizing Secretary, KSU CEC), Iaikmenlang Lamare (Executive Member, KSU Jaintia). Hill District Unit) and pastor Rimiki Dome.
The court will hear the petition of Rev Diengan tomorrow morning in the Division Bench.
Shillong, November 03: The JSU today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma in Jaintia Hills and submitted a letter demanding that the Border Out Post should be set up on the border. and Assam in Mukroh.
The JSU has been following up on this issue from time to time and on 24th August 2016 the JSU leaders in the presence of the President and Vice President of NEHUSU together with Prof.H Lamin met with the VC of NEHU Prof. SK Srivastava promised to appoint the Committee to expedite the works of the education department which has already allocated about 600 lakh by NEHU to Wahiajer Village.
The group also performed the songs 'Let's Call the Whole Thing Off' and 'Have You Met Miss Jones?'
Karnataka and Tamil Nadu have experienced drought, while in Sikkim, Uttarakhand and Himachal Pradesh, this has affected climate change.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, on Tuesday said that the NPP has completed all the documents regarding the construction of its office. Speaking to reporters, Disparsing said that according to the RTI received from MUDA and according to the Detailed Project Report (DPR), there was no NOC to prove that the He said that in the soskular signed with the DC office, it is clear that before building any building on the land, they must get permission from the DC. office and it was clearly stated that the land acquirers cannot construct any building without permission from the DC office.
Shillong, June 18: The Minister in charge of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, in reply to a question raised by Bah Himalaya Shangpliang MLA of Mawsynram, said that the synsar should be converted into an agricultural commodity. On the other hand, the Minister said that this issue will have to be discussed in detail within the government department.
In our opinion, many of them have closed completely or closed only today. I don't know but we have to issue a notice once again because we don't know who the owners are,” he added. u Mr. Pyneid.
BJYM President Mewakar Lyngdoh said that the youth have now become addicted to drugs and the party will continue to fight against this evil which has destroyed many youth. Don't lose hope but have the courage to fight against this evil.
The Khasi Students' Union, Sohra Unit has erected a statue on the main road of Saitsohpen village and the celebration started with a march from Nongsawlia to Saitsohpen led by the Chief and Secretary of KSU Sohra Unit. The ksing, dhah and tangmuri together with the youths performing traditional dances slowly walked along the road until they reached the road where the statue of Myllung Soso Tham was erected.
Bah Adelbert said that on behalf of the Rangbah Shnong and he as the MLA of this area since the day of the incident he has taken the initiative to talk to the government to resolve this issue. I've been here for many years.
Speaking on the occasion, Pasqualina Lamare, field staff of SURE, said that some of these children attend step and night schools and some do not attend school.
Police said the incident occurred due to an electrical fire in the water pipe, but police are investigating the incident.
And the Constitution of the country was drafted by Babasaheb Ambedkar to achieve this dream of a country where there is justice for the poor, and equal opportunity for all to progress.
Once the language has been recognized and protected by the Constitution of the country, no one can destroy the uniqueness of the Jaitbynriew.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) of Laban District today morning went to build a house at Maxwelton Estate after the government has given 15 days to evict the illegal occupants of the area. cut.
He said that the introduction of the electricity department will help a lot to the residents of the villages under the raid, as all of them have to pay the electricity bill every month. They have to spend a few tyngka and affect their daily wages, but now the people are free and can pay only at the nearest place where they live. they remain unnecessarily expensive in time and money.
In today's discussion, the discussion was on how songs are signs of what a person has in his heart and what he sees around him. he and what is happening in society.
The length of the branch is:2
As citizens of various communities and to think about it so that mankind can get adequate health.
“Bah George B Lyngdoh is not a rich man. In the past, during the previous elections, he supported us as a party for a while. “The part of the money is just to write bria,” said Bah Pala.
The KSU demands that the government should take over all the areas that have been occupied by the army so that the people can live in peace and order and also to reduce the congestion in Shillong.
Shillong, November 20: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today inaugurated the CHC at Mawphlang after 17 years of construction in the presence of the MLA of the area, Bah Kennedy. Lamphrang Blah MDC, Minister of Mawphlang Hima and RV Lyngdoh, Minister of Urban Affairs.
He spoke about the many opportunities available in space technology and said that these are in the field of providing digital communication facilities in rural areas, monitoring of cyclones, rainfall, change in agricultural seasons, where solutions through space technologies help all countries move forward towards social and economic development.
All four MLAs, Embhalang Syiemlieh, AL Hek, David Nongrum, Dr Jemino Mawthoh and Rangbah Shnongs of the civil society have expressed their gratitude to the Minister. Rangbah on this decision to open two Block.
Shillong, March 24: The National President of the National People's Party (NPP) on Monday said that the party will be able to form a single government in Ampati. In 2018, Khasi Hills will win 18 out of 36 constituencies and Garo Hills will win 15 out of 24 constituencies, he said at a public meeting.
Speaking to media after the Secretary of the Legislative Assembly has examined the documents regarding the filing of nomination papers as the CEM candidate for the election tomorrow, he said. that they may not be destroyed.
Pala said that the AICC has been invited and has discussed and decided to work for it and there is nothing to blame the party, the problem is with the MLAs. they didn't leave the party.
The Meghalaya government under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma has been clear about the insurgents in the state.
Marak said the arrested persons have been brought to Shillong for further investigation.
Shillong, November 27: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has invited applications from candidates for the MDC elections to the two District Councils, KHADC and JHADC. will be announced in the second week of July
The problem of the patients who come for treatment at this hospital is that if they need to be tested they have to go outside and also have to buy medicines from the places sent by the doctors. the hospital.
On the other hand, the Chief Secretary of the State, Y.Tsering, inaugurated the Unite Mission for the registration of those youths who have reached the age of 18 years and up to 21 years of age who have not yet registered. Your name is on the electoral roll.
Local connectivity is vital and in many places, air travel is the budlumia of people and freight.
Many times the people have difficulty in reaching their destination because they are stuck in the middle of the road especially at the place known as Khlieh Shnong Pala. Your bag is on the road to Sammasi.
“This behavior of the school authorities has been a shock without regard even to their own students just because of the opportunity to make money without any basis,” he said. Mr. Banshai Marbaniang said in a statement.
With this arrest, the BSF believes that the smuggling of counterfeit money to India comes from the north of the country.
In the middleweight category 71-75kg, Deepak defeated Ishmeet Singh of Railways and Lakshya defeated Harsh Choudhary of Rajasthan in the light heavyweight category 75-80kg.
Besides these office bearers, seven other office bearers were elected by Deiwi Tongper.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said that due to the hard work, the supply of medicines will be more adequate in the coming days.
The HNLC said that the government ministers who have been accused of assault should be sentenced to life imprisonment like the perpetrators.
“My victory is the victory of you the people of the constituency and I urge you all to convey to me your problems and suggestions through the leaders of your constituency to bring about development and to advocate for the issues and to protect the Jaintia Hills and our small nation, because it is you the people who control me in this public service which you have held for two terms.
On the other hand, Reachingson Siangshai, Vice President of AJYWO-Central Body, said that the party congratulates the police, who have taken action and worked hard in the search and arrest of AJYWO. Shiningstar Pala and Pynshemi Pahara who were involved in the murder of the child.
For the safety of the youth, it is necessary to look into the situation by the people in authority. Therefore, she urges the government to resolve this issue as soon as possible. for the sake of peace and stability in Manipur.
The Minister said that the COVID-19 pandemic has affected MeECL in terms of output, for example, in June 2019, the output was T.65.33 crore this year. 2020 in the same month of June was only T.31.02 crore.
The Chief Minister said that with the establishment of the MBDA, many schemes have started coming either from the central government or from the state government.
More sadly, the HNLC has decided to treat the media as its enemies for this reason alone.
“The vendors must have been selling land along the road for at least 6 months and must have valid Trading License in the areas outside the Shillong Municipal Board. " said Mr. Paul.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: The Shillong Press Club today celebrated the 50th National Press Day of India in the presence of the Minister of State, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh.
On the other hand, the CEM has witnessed with his own eyes the quarrying in the area on the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
Pranab Kumar Nath is from Karimganj district of Barak district in Assam and currently lives in Guwahati.
The ACHR demands that the UN should say something to the Indian government in this regard.
Ruben said that the KSU demands that the VC should clarify these issues of the NEP between the teachers and principals of various colleges. Colleges which implement the NEP but teachers are not allowed to take classes.
“We have seen that the Government has extended the term of office but there is no valid reason.
Speaking on projects worth T 55,000 crore today, Minister Duh said that 35,000 households in Arunachal Pradesh have received good houses, thousands of households have received water. from Arunachal and Tripura and transport related projects for various states in the region.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, u Conrad K Sangma, recently said that they have received a piece of land in Ri Bhoi District to build a gate to check the entry and exit of people entering and leaving Meghalaya. foreign “Entry and Exit Point”.
AHAM said that speaking one's own language is the right of any ethnic group and this has been recognized by UNESCO. It is spoken in Meghalaya, Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Tripura, Nagaland and parts of West Bengal.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, R. Sethia, President of the Meghalaya Chamber of Commerce and Industry (MCCI) said that the price of sugar in Shillong is T.45/- per kilo. prices are due to increases from wholesale outlets in sugar-producing states.
It is rooted in inclusive development, and aims to ensure that the benefits of government schemes reach all parts of the country.
They said that their joining the party is for the development works of the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Moidi who has worked to bring about economic development in the country. country and the state as a whole.
The group also reminded all the MLAs that the resolution alone is not enough but they have to continue to work hard until the ILP is complete. Other leaders will leave for Delhi to meet Home Minister Amit Shah to discuss the ILP. COMSO wishes the Prime Minister and his team to be able to advocate well for the ILP. future and the rights of the Trai Ri of the State.
As India is preparing to celebrate its Independence Day on the 15th of this month, the BSF has stepped up its border patrols to curb crime and smuggling in the country. border with Bangladesh.
The CSCs reported are Boney Jones Kharbani operator Shallang Ph.
The school is currently looking for a place.
“When completed, the project will provide employment to our youth and I know that many of our students have achieved good grades.
The GNC has been fighting since 1992 and continues today without the use of weapons.
The slogan of the meeting was “Your safety is the safety of your family, be careful when on the road”.
The Prime Minister also spoke on the decline in education in the country.
Dr. BDR Tiwari IAS, Commissioner and Secretary to the Governor of Meghalaya and Meghalaya was present at the cleanliness drive in the presence of officers and staff of Raj Bhavan. Shillong took part in this cleanliness drive.
Different villages of Ladthalaboh have lodged complaints from time to time with the PHE department but no action has been taken. .
He said that the VBSY has reached more than 40,000 panchayats in villages and many cities in less than 10 months where more than 1.25 crore people have joined the Modi Guarantee. '.
The State Government authorities are required to take action to apply for a special grant for the electricity department, to clear the Government debt in relation to electricity.
This work which has not been done in 70 years has been completed within 70 days of this government coming to power.
He said that it is for this reason that the Government's focus is not on the vote bank but on reducing the problems faced by the people.
Regarding what has appeared in the media today, what the Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong has said, the EC will meet with the Deputy Chief Minister. Minister this month to discuss and clarify the issue of NOC in Wahkaji area for roads.
Shillong, Jymmang 28,: A local taxi (ML 05 E 1143) has caught fire near the Presbyterian Church English Service, Police Bazaar at 4.30 PM today. sha Happy Valley.
BJP MLA Alexander L. Hek, who is also the Minister of State, is one of the four candidates for the BJ ticket to contest from the Shillong Parliamentary Seat.
On this occasion, he congratulated the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma for inducting him into the Cabinet and at the same time to Bah Comingone Yombon who has been one of the members of the Cabinet. There have been no government officials in the past few years.
He said that the Minister does not understand the value of the land tenure system which clearly shows the uniqueness of the jaidbynriew.
He said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi has emphasized on the end of the suspension of court proceedings.
It is expected that this will be a hub for people to see the heritage of Meghalaya.
The Principal of Shillong College, Dr. KD Ramsiej, in his speech, said that participation within the NCC is another part of the life of a person. you have seen it.
Earlier, the committee had held many meetings.
This Award will also be given specially to all the students who are disabled and also those who have dropped out of school due to poverty who have passed in any Division.
“Even if the price of food items rises or falls, it remains the same and those who die are us poor who earn their living by going to work in people's homes,” she said.
The words of the song inspire the belief that all the people of the country love India.
Minor issues that cannot be resolved should be handled by the VDPs. If not, they will be sent to the village authorities and if they find any problems, they will be reported to the law enforcement authorities.
If there is no such action, the election of candidates should be accepted.
The actor added that people should work for the job and not just chase victory.
The second session was conducted by Lisa Lomdak, Assistant Professor, AITS, Rajiv Gandhi University while Padmini Singhla, Commissioner SJETA/Education/WCD, Y.D Thongchi IAS (Retd.) Padmashreebad President, Arunachal Pradesh Literary Society, Prof. Jurer. AITS, Rajiv Gandhi University.
The call for these applications was from 28th July 2021 to 13th July
Violet Lyngdoh (UDP),
The GEC was conducted by Peter J. Lawai, Chairman of the Caretaker Body, who is also the former President of the Seng in the presence of Nickson Dohling, Secretary of the Caretaker Body. also the Vice-President of the Seng.
Village leaders, school authorities and other beneficiaries of this scheme were present on the occasion.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: U Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong today said that if there are any citizens of Meghalaya who are abroad, if they want to return home, they should inform the Embassies of Meghalaya. The Indian Embassy in India is located in the country.
He said that many of his friends in India say that their prayer is to enrich them with a life full of corruption.
Speaking at the meeting, Samla SS Niangti said that the KSU is a party that unites and unites the entire Jaitbynriew.
The Prime Minister said that according to the second paragraph of the rule regarding the resumption of unfilled posts, the Prime Minister said that he does not want to do so. for this matter is yet in the court of judgment.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that those who intend to contest the Lok Sabha election on the UDP ticket should come forward to inform and follow the guidelines. of the party.
Shillong, July 22: The Dawki CHC, one of the most important government health centers in the state, has been known as the Strategic Point because it is the place where people who go abroad have to register. of India, but the government has neglected this place by appointing only one doctor.
He said that many government departments have turned into money laundering centers with the lack of officers. The state has passed the Benami Transactions Prohibition (Amendment) Bill, also amended the Benami Transactions Prohibition Act, 1980 by inserting Section 2 (e) and Section 2 (f).
He tested positive for COVID-19 today from East Khasi Hills District.
Referring to other MDCs, Latiplang said that the door is open for those who want to join the UDF. The Congress MDC said that the Congress party has given its confidence to Bah Latiplang to be the CEM candidate as he has won many times and knows the job well.
The meeting was held at the Community Hall of Mawnianglah Village, 7Mile, Upper Shillong. Many youths of Mawnianglah Village in the presence of the Leaders and Office Bearers of the Seng Longkmie and Seng Samla Shnong Mawnianglah who came to join the FKJGP with the aim of strengthening the Seng so that they can serve better the Shnong, the Region and the Jaitbynriew as a whole.
After the meeting held at Stand Jaiaw, they held a march to the State Central Library to lay flowers at the statue of the freedom fighter on the occasion of the 160th death anniversary of Kiang Nangbah.
“We cannot accept the Minister's claim that ASHAs are only volunteers.
Menangmankhraw Kharkongor of St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong and Gaurav Bharali of St. Edmunds Higher Secondary School, Shillong were the two students to pass in the Top Ten of the Higher Result. The Secondary School Leaving Certificate (Arts Stream) will be announced by the Meghalaya Board of School Education on 24th June,
This action of the management of NEIGRIHMS has caused the Seng to suspect that there may be something behind it.
The meeting was conducted by L Mohanti IPS, IG BSF, Meghalaya Border.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: Police today while patrolling at the Polo Market suddenly saw a man running suddenly and this surprised them and they chased and arrested him. phet ha near the place of worship.
The driver of the Mahindra Max and an unidentified woman died in the incident while two others, Abdul Miya, 28, of Tarabari, Assam and Silo Mawlong, 61, of Pyrda village, was injured and was taken to Tirot Singh Memorial Hospital, Mairang for treatment.
At 9:30 pm, the Prime Minister will inaugurate the 600 MW Kameng Hydro Power Station at Donyi Polo Airport, Itanagarbad.
The death toll has risen to 10 today, 7 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from West Jaintia Hills, 1 from Ri Bhoi and 1 from West Garo Hills. There are 714 of them so far.
Shillong, Naitung 22: The Meghalaya State Commission for Women (MSCW) has expressed its shock and condemnation over the incident in Manipur where two women were raped by robbers on the road. and after that they were raped in the fields.
Replying to a question by SP News Agency, the Leader of the Opposition, Bah Taitisstarwell, said that as of now, the rule is not clear regarding the convening of the dorbar. In particular, she said that to convene a special session requires the consent of 20 MDCs in the 30-member House.
This comes after the UDP and NPP have nominated their candidates in 24-Mawphlang and 47-Rajabala, while in 13-Mawryngkeng the UDP has supported the NPP for not nominating a candidate.
Many of the residents of the village do not agree with the illegal sale of kyiad in the village as this has a serious impact on the society to spread evil.
In Shillong, various organizations have laid wreaths at the monument near the Civil Hospital and the State Central Library Shillong.
In the 48-51kg flyweight category, Khrawbok Marwein fought against Shiv Kant from Bihar.
Kharbuli said that there will be a cash prize of T.2.15 lakh for the winners of the arm fight in their respective categories.
During the meeting, the union discussed the arrangements regarding the examination centers for the D.El.
Also present on the occasion were the Principal of KV School in Upper Shillong, Vice Principal of KV Them Jingsuk School, Principal of JNV School Mawphlang and JNV School Mawsynram.
The Chief Minister said on Twitter that police have seized a taxi on 24th July 2022. Police have investigated and in the past 10 days have arrested those involved in the incident. you don't buy gold illegally.
Shillong, July 30: After the Congress party lost its ticket for the MLA election to be held on 27th June, Blubell R Sangma, who won the mid-term election from Chokpot, has resigned. With this resignation, she has confirmed that she will contest the MLA election from other parties.
Replying to a question in the House, Bah Hedrain EM in charge of Mineral Resources said that this mineral resource is useful for the Central Government. “We are fortunate that we have this resource, but it is a threat to the nation especially to those people in those areas.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills (TGCSU) today said that the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills (TGCSU) cannot dissolve the union because it works for the students of Garo Hills and their struggle. to demand from the government to provide for the staff of the College.
In a short meeting, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare discussed how to prevent the spread of Tuberculosis (TB) by giving explanations to the public to make them aware that TB is a disease. it can be treated and cured only if the patients are taking drugs.
“Therefore, we strongly demand from the government, district authorities and police to arrest immediately those people who carry weapons, because they have violated the law.
The responsibility of the education department is to ensure that teachers should receive their salaries and if there is a delay in receiving their salaries it is due to the working methods. District Offices and School Managing Committees.
The union has sent a letter of inquiry to find out the truth and in this inquiry the union alleges that it is an act of authority and permission by the Doloi of Sutnga Elaka.
“We appreciate the attention of the MeECL officers as soon as the news came out on our inspection yesterday morning they came to cut off the electricity supply to these stolen houses.
All these bills which were introduced in the House today were not accepted in the House tomorrow.
On the other hand, the Waheh Shnongs suspected that there is something behind the scenes that the truck owners are colluding with the government.
Shillong, Naitung 23: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills has registered a complaint against 35 persons who allegedly attended a wedding ceremony at Greenwood Resort Assam. a case against them in three sections of the law.
When the SP News Agency received information regarding the snowfall at the Umsohsun Parking Lot, it went to the Umsohsun Parking Lot. the slep of the parking lot fell from inside.
: Heavy rainfall in the past few days has caused damage to roads and paths in many villages under Amlarem Civil Sub Division, West Jaintia Hills District.
The union also expressed its surprise how these people can ring bording when they do not have any proper documents and even the Dorbar Shnong KOR has not recognized and issued NoC to them.
The government led by Conrad K Sangma has allegedly been involved in unpleasant activities with other parties like the BJP and UDP. supporters of this NPP-led government have to take responsibility.
Speaking to media at Raitong Building, he said that the problem of the residents of the area is not new but it has been going on for a long time. you for sha you for.
Lyngdoh said that due to the lack of this Act, many of the land has been confiscated especially on the border with Assam. price.
Nath also came first in the senior category at the Universal Yoga Sports Federation (Universal Yoga Sports Federation) at Coer University in Roorkee, Uttarakhand on 29-30 July
During the Durga Puja, the Chief Minister of Assam and the Chief Minister of Meghalaya will visit Khanduli in West Jaintia Hills District.
The Chief Minister informed that under the UDAN scheme, flights operate on 16 routes in Meghalaya and thus the fare is low for the people of the state.
Shillong, November 21: U Dr Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the government has seen the problems of the students after the release of the matric results.
He said he would bring soil from all over India to build a monument to the 7,500 fighters besides building the Amrit Vatika near the National War Memorial at Delhi.
The President said India is moving forward with determination to embrace new technology and practices in many sectors.
The Office of the Prime Minister has set up a WhattApp number 9436394363 for the public to inform if they have any problems regarding the works that the government is implementing or suspended and the government will follow up later. that you have received the information.
He said that before he became a leader he had his own jobs and there is no need to do that benami. He requested that as the organizations that have matured and have a clear mind, they should not just blame but should investigate the truth.
On the other hand, the Additional Deputy Commissioner said that the enactment of Section 144 CrPC will come into force immediately.
The districts without any new cases of COVID-19 today are East Garo Hills, East Jaintia Hills, North Garo Hills, Ri Bhoi, South Garo Hills and South West Khasi Hills. They have tested positive for COVID-19 today.
As the union has received many complaints from the public and if this continues to happen it shows that the companies do not care about the complaints of the public and the HPSO will take a decision. The statement said that the towers of these companies will not be able to be closed down.
The JSU will continue to follow up and if it is found that they refuse to send these posts to the DSC, the JSU will not hesitate but will take a stronger decision.
Speaking to media, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, CEM of KHADC, said that the project will be a collaboration between KHADC, MBDA and Rabo Bank Acorn and Iora Ecological. Pvt Ltd from Delhi to implement this project.
Despite the shortage of staff, MeSEB has struggled to provide manpower to repair the damage. The Prime Minister said that within the next two or three days, the power supply will be restored. electricity.
However, as it is now, the Act has been drafted and all that remains is to select the sites to set up the casinos and to get the companies.
On this day, his statue of the Citizenship Amendment Act and also against the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government was burnt.
As the first WHO Collaborating Center for Fundamental and Literary Research in Traditional Medicine, NIIMH is required to assist WHO in standardizing definitions for Ayurveda, Unani, Siddha, and Sowa-Rigpa. , and update the Traditional Medicine Module-II to Part One of the International Classification of Diseases (ICD-11).
There have also been incidents of residents being hanged by such drunk people.
“We have sought information about the three companies which have submitted tenders for the EMRI-108 in Meghalaya,” he said. “We have sought thoroughly, Medulance has a black remark. can pay salaries to employees during Covid-1
Prime Minister Narendra Modi held a telephone conversation with Srettha Thavisin, Prime Minister of Thailand on 6th July
The harassment of our children has happened since the Meghalayans stranded in Gurgaon Haryana were informed by the Haryana Government that they have to go for screening at the stadium, 10 days before the departure of the train. They are in trouble because there is no arrangement to remove them from their place.
At present, four out of the six UDP MDCs have supported the EC of Bah Pynshngian.
The statement said that the AJYWO wants the JHADC to prepare the JSCLB in a proper manner and to look into all the necessary issues so that it will become a law. power and intention and to implement it properly in order to protect the nation from cleanliness and other reasons that may destroy the nation.
At this public meeting, they were also elected along with other leaders of the party so they cannot accept other leaders who do not force themselves as leaders in the field without following and respecting the constitution of the party. .
On the other hand, Rangbah Burom Surong said, “These three persons are illegal people who live only in agriculture and on that day before being arrested these three persons helped him. “The arrest of the Assam police is groundless and I am ready to testify in front of anyone,” said Bah Surong. Speaking to u SP News Agency, Ferdynald Kharkamni, President KSU NKHD Unit, said that after receiving information about the incident, the KSU NKHD Unit has decided to take action against the three Rangbah of Sabuda. He went to meet the DC in the presence of the SP of Ri Bhoi.
During the meeting, the union also informed the Deputy Commissioner of the need to provide light connectivity in Domiasiat, Mawthabah, Nongtanger, Nongmalang and Langmyndia.
The area of ​​Nongwah-Mawtamur is 137.51 km2, the area of ​​Desh Doomreah is 484.72 km2 and the area of ​​Block II is 1,009.88 km2.
He said that this Center will be the first of its kind in the country.
Saiñkupar Nongtraw in a Facebook post, said, “Tomorrow on the second anniversary of the death of Bah Che, the wreath laying ceremony will be held at 2 pm by the family members. order our people who are involved in the peace talks to lay flowers at 8 o'clock in the morning.
DL Siangshai, President of the Union of Journalists of Meghalaya (JUM), has explained the danger faced by journalists in Garo Hills, where the forests are strong in these areas.
The Dorbar has expressed its concern on the need for a clear Land Act so that the various Government authorities can get clarity on the nine types of land in Hynniewtrep.
bounded by Ri-Bhoi District, Karbi Anglong District, Jaintia Hills district, Bangladesh on the south and West Khasi Hills district on the west.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister has directed the Chief Secretary of the State to purchase the door of the Supreme Court of India to deal with the case. claim.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: Puranmon Kynjing has won the election of Doloi of Jowai Elaka by 1844 votes against Bah RK Ram Rymbai. the day in Jowai.
On the other hand, the Secretary said that at present it is not possible to say how because they still have to arrange whether the election will be held or not today. state how to do it.
On the other hand, the elders urged the Meghalaya government to take action against the illegal entry and exploitation of these Assam police in the village and also urged the police to come and inspect the village. The victim was buried in the area (SP News).
The party urges through you to talk to the state government to the Election Commission of India to appoint a team of inquiry to remove those who have EPIC two names from the electoral roll. the clear boundary in the Langpih area.
The KSU SWKHD has repeatedly demanded from the government to convert the Ranikor C&RD Block into a Civil Sub Division.
“Many people were injured during the rainy season.
Therefore, they deserve attention and protection.
Regarding the tourists from outside the state, the government has decided to ban them from entering the state from 23rd June 2021 while the tourists from outside the state will not be allowed to enter the state. the government has not banned.
The polling hours are from 10 am to 3 pm.
The Director of Information and Broadcasting, Bah HM Shangpliang, while talking to reporters, said that all the preparations have gone smoothly and it is expected that people will attend the celebration.
Police have arrested David Ch Momin, a member of the GNLA, one of the members of the Command. of Jackfruit".
The 3rd North East Youth Festival 2012 will also feature a Rock Band Competition.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mawiongrim Unit has strongly warned the management of Adsan Mahindra not to misuse the name of Mawiongrim Village by changing it to Barapani.
Speaking at the opening ceremony of the Budget Session for the year 2017-2018 , the Governor of Meghalaya , said that all the departments of the government and the tasks that the government has to do for the general public in this present budget town.
He gave his life for the sake of the country and together with other friends in defending the country in Siachen where a volcano collapsed and took the life of them when they were in office.
The meeting was held at Shillong Club.
The Ministry has also approved 500 Ayushman Arogya Mandirs, of which 289 have been operational.
In order for the British government at that time to recognize him as the year, he burnt his mother, Kong Taidbor, the Syiemsad and recognized him as the full king and gave him a Sanad at that time.
Diabetes mellitus is one of the diseases and it affects the health a lot if the disease is not diagnosed at an early stage.
Bah Teiborlang Pathaw has been appointed to the Land & Building Bylaws Department.
The CBC Field Office in Nongstoin also celebrated the International Yoga Day, 2024 at Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya, Nongstoin.
This expenditure of more than T.400 crore will be made when all 4.5 lakh households in the state have received it. The allegation that it is T.1500 crore is unfounded. the Chief Minister of the State.
The UDP has already announced 34 candidates so far and the remaining candidates will be announced soon after the announcement of the Assembly elections by the Election Commission of India.
It is clear that the District Council does not have such a party law and MDCs can work with no and no without being arrested, as is the case in the 29-member House. The UDP, which leads the EC, has 6 MDCs and Bah Teiobor Pathaw has 7 MDCs and the Congress has 10 MDCs. HSPDP 2, NPP 7, Ind 2.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: The filing of nomination papers for the mid-term MDC elections from nine constituencies in the two dorbar halls of the District Councils of KHADC and JHADC will end at 3 pm tomorrow. After three o'clock, there will be another review of the documents of the candidates.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said this is not just a building but a symbol of the aspirations and aspirations of 140 crore people of the country.
Mr. Martle was unable to attend the meeting due to illness.
The prizes were awarded to the winners at the closing ceremony held today.
Speaking to reporters, Nongtdu said the Congress party will leave Meghalaya, while the BJP will not be able to enter Meghalaya.
The DC, who is also the ARO, Ram Singh, has spoken to the officers and police chiefs on how to behave on the polling day and before the start of the polling, after the end of the public meetings. There shall be no public gatherings and no disturbances during the voting.
Speaking to reporters, u Bah Simon president of the party said that the number of participants from the state will reach 40 and this time from Garo Hills they will not be able to come. They took part even though they used to come every year in the past.
The counting of votes will be held tomorrow morning inside the KHADC dorbar hall.
The song, which was played in the presence of the President of India on the occasion of the 13th National Voter's Day (NVD) on July 25, has started spreading on social media through leaders and influencers.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar said, “We are pleased that the leaders from the nine constituencies have also arrived.
Replying to a supplementary question, Dr. Mukul Sangma, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, said that the relocation of the site for the construction of the bridge is for the benefit of Meghalaya. place to build a road.
The unit consisted of Michael Marboh, Vice President Pascal Mawlong, General Secretary Simon Nongkhlaw, Organizing Secretary Bah Rang and 26 other office bearers and executive members of the unit including youth, The longkmie and rangbah of the area received the confirmation from the president of the party along with the oath of office.
Shillong, Nailar 05: U Bah John F Kharshiing has expressed his concern over the superstition of the people regarding the deeds of evil spirits and other superstitions.
It was also decided to respond to the letter of clarification from the State Government on the IOA & AA. After the discussion on the IOA & AA, there was a discussion on the new amendments to the Sixth Schedule. The meeting decided to hold an urgent meeting with the State Government to discuss the needs to address and resolve some of the issues under these new arrangements. the Sixth Schedule especially in relation to Village Councils and Municipal Councils within the boundaries of the Sixth Schedule.
U Bah Stephanson Mukhim, MLA of this constituency, congratulated the club for setting up such a school which can really help the youth in this age and He said that it is a memorable day in the history of the club for this day and he urged the students of this school how to live their lives so that they can become successful. He said that although he doesn't have the talent in the field of music, he will be able to work with them in the field of music. whatever trouble they find, he cannot.
The first Bishop of Jowai was Rev Father Vincent Kympat. He assumed the post in 2006 and passed away in He passed away in 2011 and after three years he was appointed as a leader of the Church.
The old saying goes, “God helps those who help themselves first”.
Pyniaid Sing Syiem CEM of KHADC said that on 12/3/2024 he met with the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Nongpoh Town Committee which includes 11 villages and after discussions with They expressed their concern and the MDC from Mylliem has brought this point of order.
These signs and problems have been acknowledged by the BDO Bah Kharshandi and a report will be submitted to the DC and the PWD. After a few hours of inspection, there were again truck drivers who carried overweight goods with pride and disrespect for this government rule.
It is to be recalled that the HMYWO together with the support of the Seng Samla Rngi Shyllong and the FKJGP Upper-Shillong Circle on 26th July 2012 sent a complaint and sought clarification from the Dorbar u Syiem. Hima Mylliem on the foundation “Who is the owner of this land at Dak Bangla in Lum Shyllong?
“This action of the Waheh Shnong has also brought shame and loss of confidence to other Waheh Shnongs of East Jaintia Hills District.
All members are requested not to miss this day.
The main objective of this party is to develop Ri-Bhoi district and also to be a party to think again how to bring about change in Ri-Bhoi district.
Before the confirmation of the office bearers of the party, a welcome speech was delivered by the Rangbah Dong of Lumshyrmit Myhmyntdu, Ma Lam Shylla.
: The Rangbah Kur of Mawlong Mawlong & Krang Mawkhar has received information that there has been an election of office bearers without the knowledge of the Rangbah Kur or the Kur as a whole. The Kur has elected its new office bearers on 10th June,
My complaint has been sent to Riangdo Police Station for further investigation.
The call for a night curfew by the AJYWO, KSU, FKJGP and HNYF has also received the support of many people of Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Lber 22: BSF troops of the 172nd Battalion of Meghalaya have arrested two Indian nationals and seized a truck carrying sugar intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh at Kuliang in the Eastern Province. Jaintia Hills District.
In fulfillment of Narendra Modi's vision of a strong, peaceful and prosperous North East, under the leadership of Union Minister of Home Affairs, Amit Shah, state region in the last 4 years.
The HYC has been trying to force the government to ensure that the only way to protect against the smuggling of foreigners into the state is the ILP. They have invited all the MLAs on the government side to meet on the 29th of this month on Saturday. This is the ILP you are claiming.
Employees of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, pharmacies, pharmacies, police, soldiers, light workers, IPR workers, journalists, who transport food, who work in the food department.
Shillong, November 20: U Bah Martle N Mukhim MDC of Mawkynrew Constituency, EM in charge of Development Department in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), has criticized the government led by the National People's Party (NPP) for not that it just wants to consume all the share that should be allocated for the Autonomous District Councils in the state.
Shillong, Naitung 18: U Bah Saiñkupar Nongtraw General Secretary and Publicity Secretary of the National League for Democracy (NLD) on Tuesday said that it has been nine years since 2004 that the HNLC wanted to reach a peace talks but I didn't go to anything.
Shillong, Nailur 22: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today held a protest against seven demands.
Buam said that besides being suspended and banned from coming to government jobs, the education department has also fined 157 teachers who have to pay T.50,000/- each to the teachers. within 30 days from the date of issuance of this order.
New Delhi, Jymmang 13: The annual meeting of the Relief Commissioners (RC) and the Disaster Management Department of the State Governments and Union Territories will be held in Delhi on the 18th of this month. by Rajiv Mehrishi, Union home secretary.
“If the members of the Union post any posts/pictures on Social Media against the Police or the Government, they will be immediately summoned to the Cyber ​​Crime Cell and will be investigated while the this incident, why are the Police silent.
At the same time, he said that the loss of tickets is a blessing from behind.
The Jantar Mantar was also sung by the Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi and War paid Khasi in the afternoon.
The Bill was introduced in the KHADC on 20th November 2018 and was passed on 22nd November 2018 during the tenure of Bah HS Shylla as CEM of KHADC. Bill was sent to the Governor but was returned with remarks.
In Meghalaya, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, in the presence of the DC of East Khasi Hills District and Dr. Joram Beda, Commissioner of Food Safety, car in the grounds of the State Central Library.
Dr Donkupar said that the demand for a district is not new, it is old, in fact Sohra has lost two ways to get a district. Dr Flinder Anderson Khonglam was the Chief Minister and during his tenure as Prime Minister but in a short period of time they could not achieve this task.
Unity so that other villages in Bri Hynniewtrep can follow your example forget all these things start anew bloodshed does not bring good especially to our heritage wherever they go what they say and it will never end “Only understanding and goodness will bring honor to our heritage and they will continue to proclaim to you the citizens and the Bri Hynniewtrep will last forever,” said Phiradaker Marwein.
We have seen that many of those who have attended the Rynjah Dorbar Shnong are not Khasi who live in the Refugee Rehabilitation Colony,” he said.
In the complaint, the HYC also demanded that an independent inquiry should be conducted into the purchase and distribution of low-priced tin sop peng and that those involved should be punished according to the law. the Director of Housing or any officer involved in the purchase of expensive items and to appoint a Nodal Officer to investigate and verify together with the complainants regarding the distribution of tin sop household items around the country C&RD Block in Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
For the safety of the students of the backward area, the union urges the MBOSE to set up a matric examination center in Barato village which is the center of all the villages with secondary schools. The letter was sent by Bah Daarphi Sariang, President of Shilliang District.
He thanked the army and police of the country.
Shillong, July 27: Shillong Police on Tuesday received a complaint that some bikes have made too much noise due to changing the silencer. at night.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister may take action on this demand of the party and will inform his fellow ministers in his cabinet.
The Ministry of School Education & Literacy has introduced cleanliness campaigns in all government and private schools in the country while the Ministry of Higher Education has encouraged colleges and universities to spread the message of cleanliness.
President Bah Seiborlang L Nonglait said that the party sees the biggest threat if the NDA Government implements the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016, as tens of thousands of Bangladeshis will come to become citizens of the country. the whole of India, in the North East.
“What is the point of voting for a non-BJP MP candidate whose voice will not be heard in Delhi,” said Bah Kharkrang.
The connections through deiriti and bonds between our people are stronger today than ever before.
Shri Rahul Gandhi, MP, told about the re-call process in which the children of the thousand can remove any Village Authority, Raid, Kur, or Hima of Syiems, Dolloi, Sirdars, Lyngdohs, Ministers, Basans, Rangbah Shnongs, Sordars of Nokma, because there is no fixed term of office. of the Dorbar Hima (State Parliament).
After inspecting the Guard of Honour, Prime Minister Duh will leave for the Red Fort where he will be received by Defense Minister Rajnath Singh, Minister of State for Child Development. country.
Police alleged that it was through him that the party knew what was happening every day in the Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills.
The opposition has demanded that the government should immediately set up a police out post in Psiar. don't be responsible for the people.
Shillong, November 12: Smt Preneet Kaur, Union Minister in charge of Foreign Affairs, Shillong, on her way to inform the Government of India, and as part of the monitoring of the work of the Dorbar, It is not the Federation of Khasi States.
He said there will be a 10-month difference between the two treatments.
The demand to upgrade Laskein Block to Civil Sub Division has been going on since 1993 and this Block is very old and was opened in
The four parties have heard that the Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi and Union Defense Minister Amit Shah will visit Shillong. demand not to implement what you have demanded.
Regarding those who receive the pig farming scheme from the Piggery Mission scheme, the payment of the loan will be completed within five years. especially those who receive this scheme.
Sitharaman said gross and net market borrowings through dated securities in 2024-25 are estimated at T 14.13 and 11.75 lakh crore respectively and both will be lower in 2023-2
Shillong, November 03: The JSU Shangpung Unit led by the Vice President and Finance Secretary of the JSU, have closed down the Jio office at Shangpung Moolibang.
The smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh has led to an increase in the number of cattle in the market.
The celebration was held at the home of Bah B Nishan Wahlang in the presence of relatives, friends and students from Da Thymmei Academy who sang and played the ksing. it is time to announce the coming of the new year.
One person has died of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District, bringing the total number of deaths to 1472 so far.
Matangini Hazra is a 70-year-old woman.
When asked about the appeal of the KHADC to the High Court, the Dy.CEM said, “I cannot say anything at this time and it depends on the opinion of the High Court.
In Thadlaskeiñ, 2 villages were affected and 4 houses were damaged while in Amlarem, only one village was affected and one house was damaged.
The change that will come in the North East will fulfill the desire to change the country as a whole, he added.
Food items under the TPDS can be obtained at a subsidy price of T.3/2/1 per kilo per kilo of rice for 3 years as the prices are based on the Minimum Support Price (MSP). Ration cards are given to the eldest woman of the household who is over 18 years of age.
At the meeting of the KHDA, they proposed who should contest the CEM election, and those who wish to contest should nominate themselves if anyone proposes and they accepted.
When contacted by the authorities, they accused the CL company HCH Management of HCL of not starting the work.
On this occasion, they also met with the Minister of Education of the Union Government and spoke about the NIT in Sohra. On the same day, he met with the Minister of State for Tribal Affairs, the Prime Minister said on Twitter.
On the other hand, the Chief Guest said that Jongksha Village and Mawkynrew Area as a whole is very fortunate and is a village blessed by God because besides the fertility of the land, it also has a land. The most important thing is the presence of Shlem Saindur for the future of the students through the service that cannot be compared to the teachers and students. Good Shepherd Higher Secondary School, Jongksha has produced many intelligent youth over the years.
By providing support in various aspects of the production of these films, it aims to promote the management and assistance of documentary films around the world.
Shillong, Naitung 01: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will set up a special committee to look into the issue of coal mining ban. to look into the matter of banning coal mining.
The royalty from the sale of coal will be divided between the State Government, District Councils and most of the money will go to the owners of the coal.
Through this Job Fair, 29 nurses from the state have been selected to start their journey to Japan after completing their training to learn and speak Japanese.
The delegation will also visit the ICAR-CIWA, the first institution in India to focus on research on women's agriculture.
Kumar Chettri scored 33 runs off 38 balls while Yogendra added 22 runs off 10 balls.
Shillong, Naitung 07: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) East Jaintia Hills District Council (HYC) East Jaintia Hills District Council (HYC) has said that until the government has not been able to introduce laws to curb the illegal entry of foreigners such as ILP The law to protect the people from the invasion of the authorities will not accept the railway line.
When guided in the right direction, they can be the greatest force in nation building.
Speaking to reporters, Babu Kular Khongjirem said that they have suggested that those who have conducted the SSLC selection for the private candidates of the government It should no longer be held for them because the selection for them used to be held in April but now it has reached November.
Those who attended the exhibition had the opportunity to see the exhibition of products from Meghalaya.
The VEC leaders from 260 villages near and far, expressed their gratitude and appreciation to the Government of India for this MGNRES scheme and all of them said that this is one of the scheme of the Central Government which has brought about change in the villages and townships.
She also laid the foundation stone for the new Integrated Administration Complex, Tura through digital media.
Police are conducting a thorough search operation to arrest Kaltu Rabha who was involved in the robbery.
When it comes to the border, in these years, there has been no such discussion, but it is only the present government that has taken action to resolve the 12 areas which have a common border with the state. Assam and are now trying to resolve the issue in six places and hope to be able to resolve it under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma.
Minister Duh said the budget will promote peace of mind in the lives of the people by simplifying laws and regulations.
The Government will not ignore the registration and the authorities will do whatever is necessary, because there will be no one to be above the law. The Government is to set up First Track Courts to expedite the trial of crimes against women and children.
Shillong, Naiwieng 07: To urge the government to convene a special session to resolve the decision to include the Khasi language under the fifth schedule of the Constitution of India, A meeting between the leaders of the Khasi Authors' Society (KAS) at the office of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU).
In his address to the Legislative Assembly, Prime Minister Duh said that this day is special for the democracy of India.
Five persons from East Khasi Hills District have been admitted to the hospital for treatment, two from East Khasi Hills, one from Ri Bhoi and one from South West Khasi Hills. 1, West Jaintia Hills 1.
Both the speakers reminded that at this time there is no need to talk politics but to extend the right hand and the left hand to show mercy to those in need.
As the clan of Mei-Sin, she feels that this word should be replaced by “Ki ia langhlobo” and should be regarded as husband and wife.
“The Myntriang Dorbar Shnong has given him until June 30 to pay the 2,53,000 tyngka and the union will lodge a complaint with the higher authorities (current BDO/DC/C&RD). “The KSU has investigated into the embezzlement of money for the benefit of the poor and to arrest and punish all those involved especially to recover the lost money,” said the Education Secretary of the KSU. Unit Minister, Mr. K.Tangliang.
At the meeting, India said that the HNLC, GNLA, ULFA, NDFB and NLFT have bases in Bangladesh.
It was recalled that during the British rule, India was oppressed and treated unfairly, but now India has the best constitution in the world.
At present, the team from Kolkata has players from abroad and India but Shillong Lajong also has such players and at present Shillong Lajong is the team. The team won the Federation Cup.
Shillong, Lber 11: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, in reply to a question by Bah Nujorki Sungoh MLA, said that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, has said that He said the government is considering the demand to extend the age of appointment.
The FKJGP Mawsynram Circle is not only for Mawsynram Village but also for the surrounding villages.
“I am happy and I don't care even if I lose the election and when I was with the Congress, we didn't get anything related to development. “The Sub Division is for the benefit of all... You will be happy whether it is in schools and others,” said Bah Danggo, who also resigned from the Congress last month to prepare again for the election. NPP will contest the upcoming mid-term elections.
The Water Supply Department of the State Government has rebuilt the water tank at the site and the work is ongoing.
COMSO wants to know when Bah Hek will collect the census. If he has collected it, he should tell exactly the number of ILP supporters and who they are by giving the names and full names of the ILP supporters. those who oppose it.
Referring to Meghalaya, he said that the state has many football players like Eugeneson Lyngdoh, Aibor Khongjee and Marlangki Suting who have brought glory to the country and for this reason T.48 crore has been allocated for their development. to play in this area.
Regarding the demands of the union, the ADM promised to take action as she too is from the same village. She is the Secretary of this committee and several members have already held meetings about three times.
Regarding the ASHAs, lack of medicines and other issues, the Health Department also promised to take action to talk to the relevant authorities and also regarding the Aganwadi Centres.
The purpose of this shop is to help the people of Meghalaya to continue to grow their products from the three most paid ethnic groups in Meghalaya, the Khasi Jaintia and Garo. Meghalaya Age Ltd and such shops will be expanded to other cities of India as well.
The patient was from Chennai. At the time of testing, she had no signs of symptoms but after four days of testing again, she was found to have the disease.
As in Karnataka, the Lokayukta Act is very strong and Meghalaya should also work because Meghalaya has been free of corruption as it is now in Meghalaya. It was found through RTI that 66% to 100% of the public money has been spent.
The deadline for filing nominations is 6th June and the hearing of nominations will be held the following day.
Regarding the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, the Minister gave a clarification and regarding the ventilators, the work has already been done but no information has been received yet.
In October 2023, the President will visit the INS Vikrant and talk to the officers and sailors working on the Indian-built ship.
Shillong, March 02: The Catholic Women's Wing, Mawkynrew Parish in collaboration with Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh who is also MLA and MDC of Mawkynrew Constituency and at the same time the Minister of State in charge of Sports today held a meeting. She conducted an explanation on health and treatment and distribution of medicines at Holy Cross Higher Secondary School, Mawkynrew.
Police said they estimated that the suspect was between 45 and 50 years old. He was a foreigner and his height was about 5.5 feet.
The Seng would like to congratulate especially to those Khasi youths who have reached the Top 10th and Top 20th, that your hard work and your achievement is a joy.
The arrest of the former CEM of JHADC who is also an MDC on charges of threatening JYF President Bah Poipynhun Majaw.
The purpose of this tree planting is to protect against the pollution of the environment. On this day, 300 trees were planted which are the seeds of soh trees. These trees were planted in the village areas directed by the Dorbar Shnong.
The leaders congratulated the Prime Minister for this meeting, praised the steps taken by him from time to time and said that the entire country stands united with him in this regard. this time of trouble.
This T.600 crore is to fight against the cultivation of shyrti in the four areas of the Nokrek Biosphere Reserve by taking other measures to encourage people to work in the fields by stopping the cultivation of shyrti.
Shillong, July 03: The KSU Laban Circle on Tuesday sent a petition to the Chief Executive Officer of the Shillong Municipal Board regarding the closure of the shelter home at Kenches Trace. social media on the drug use of women and men in the area and at the same time that the area has become a hotbed of drugs and prostitution.
India and the Armed Forces have declared 15th July as the Armed Forces Day in India as it is the day when the Chief of Army Staff of India, KM Cariappa, Lieutenant General.
Shillong, Jymmang, 02: As the days of voting for the renewal of MLAs in the State Legislative Assembly approach, the appearance of candidates from various political parties and independent candidates has increased. ) have been working hard to see the victory and have also confirmed themselves by registering their names before the Returning Officers (ROs) and this registration of candidates has increased as the days go by after the Election Commission. has announced the date of polling in the State to be held on 23rd June
On the other hand, the NEC Secretary said that more attention should be paid to such schemes and this will be of great benefit to those who farm.
Welcome speech was delivered by Paiem Prester Manik Syiemlieh, Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima who welcomed all those who came and celebrated this day.
The opposition MLAs today visited the teachers who were stricken at Madan Malki. The MLAs who visited them were HM Shangpliang, George B Lyngdoh, Kimfa S Marbaniang, PT Sawkmie, Bah Mohendro Rapsang, on the part of many civil society groups also came to encourage them.
Others who were present on the occasion were Additional Chief Secretary, Government of Meghalaya, Bah T Dkhar, Commissioner and Secretary, Social Welfare Department.
He also spoke about the G20 Presidency of India and said that the meetings under this scheme will bring people from all over the country. the world to the north.
Shillong, November 04: The family members of Agnes Kharshiing and Amita Sangma led by Bah John F Kharshiing today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma. petition regarding the shooting death of these two persons at Soshrieh in East Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, March 14: The Market Dwellers have expressed their anger over the allegation by the Market Dwellers (NIA) that the market dwellers demand money from the market dwellers.
Shillong, Nailar 07: U Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, on Tuesday said that the government is deeply saddened to learn of the loss of T.25 lakh per day. The Government of Meghalaya sends its condolences to the family, children and all those close to the family of Bah HS Shylla, former MLA and MDC of KHADC. it is a great loss.
Charles Pyngrope, TMC MLA from Nongthymmai, said that the party has not yet taken any decision on the MP-Lok Sabha elections but as a party it will contest from both the parliamentary seats. Shillong and Tura Parliamentary Seat.
To overcome these problems, we have brought together the Central Government and the State Governments, the cities and towns, and we have been able to make trade easier.
The date of the election will be announced on 1.10.2021, the registration of nomination papers will start from 8.10.2021 to 11.10.2 and those who wish to withdraw from the competition will be held on
The meeting was led by KHADC CEM Titosstarwell Chyne and JHADC CEM Thombor Shiwat. The meeting was attended by KSU, HNYF, HYC and other political parties. The BJP and HSPDP were also present.
Based on these issues, a decision will be taken on the availability of medicines for each state and the states will be informed in advance.
The union urges the government to reconsider the pending projects for the benefit of the state as a whole.
Referring to the soskular, Erwin said that it is the fault of the government and this should be corrected. The Regional Committee has been informed that there is a Stay Order in respect of the land.
According to information received, the roof of Bormanik College in Laimer, Upper Shillong, suddenly collapsed at 3:30 pm.
According to the RTI, MePDCL has sent letters that if they do not pay within 15 days, they will cut off the light to the factories. “The light,” said the president of the party while talking to reporters today.
Shillong, Nailar 08: The Joint Director of Civil Supply, Meghalaya, on Tuesday confirmed the shortage of ration and said that it is true that the central government has suspended the distribution of ration from date of July this year.
Shillong, Nailar 10: The Chief Judicial Magistrate, Tura today sent Bernard N Marak to 14 days judicial custody in connection with a complaint against him. the women's police station.
The 13 parties have also sought information from the political department regarding the MRSS Act. The 13 parties have ordered that the government should send the Act and Rules to all. The Deputy Commissioners of the State to be able to implement the District Task Force Committee.
On the other hand, Bah Pyniaid Syiem Deputy CEM in charge of Elaka Affairs brought information to the House regarding the elections held in various Hima under his jurisdiction. Shillong, November 19: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today tabled a resolution against the Citizenship Amendment Bill, implementation in India.
Furthermore, according to this order, no fishing competition shall be held more than twice a year in the same pond.
“We should conduct tests from time to time like Food Safety so that we don't lose money,” said the fish vendors.
At the same time, the CSWO found that the MLAs who want to contest the MDC election should have resigned as MLAs because of their oath and the 190th Constitution of India. it clearly states that the same person shall not be a member of two Houses of Parliament.
He said that Mawlasnai is the hub of the villages including Block-II and it would be of great benefit to the people if a bank can be set up to get assistance such as various schemes of the state government. , to save money in the way of poverty.
The ICCC has been implemented as a single government under the Shillong Smart City project, which includes the ICCC building, ICCC stations and power plants and collection facilities. radio frequency network (RF NW).
The Rangbah Shnong of Narang village said that the incident happened while everyone was going to church and the exact time of the incident is unknown but they were found dead in the ground floor of the house.
Anima Ekka, 29, of Sivsagar District Assam and Thaider Ekka, 25, of Sivsagar District Assam, were arrested by the police. kids.
The meeting discussed and discussed how to address the problems of the people, which have affected the income and to raise awareness among the people to overcome their fear and anxiety as well as to prevent this. those who have this disease are not ashamed.
Richard Ryntathiang, 22, has been hit by a car at Mawlia Mawiong while a Maruti Alto has been hit by a car at Ambassador at 12 mer. The injured were identified as Monalisa Marwei and Evenson Marwei.
The CEM of KHADC said that to find out the facts of what the AMD has done in Mawthabah on Friday next month on 02/08/2018 he will visit to inspect the works. The AMD has visited Mawthabah area without the knowledge of the KHADC and the state government.
Shillong, June 22: A group of robbers have escaped from Wahkhen village this evening when police raided the area.
Shillong, July 21: Meghalaya today celebrated the 4th International Yoga Day 2024 at Raj Bhavan Shillong. The celebration was led by the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan. , this year's theme is “How Yoga Helps Self and Social Health”.
Shillong, July 5: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that 497 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in the state. 5797 people so far.
In preparation, there will be a training at Yojana Bhavan Auditorium from the 17th to the 19th of this month.
We request all the people of South West Khasi Hills District from market dwellers, vendors, parents, drivers of commercial vehicles, youth, school children to stand together and take their time to attend this meeting.
According to the figures, 11,03,271 people have already received their first dose and 6,41,798 lakh people have already received their second dose. There were 17,45,069 cases.
Four youths have been arrested from Mawiong on charges of planning to form another gang. weapon.
Regarding this incident and the loss of property of the owner of the factory and the neighboring house, we request the office of the BDO Ranikor C&RD Block, the MDC/MLA ) that you can reach out for help.
On the occasion of the flag raising ceremony, the leaders also sang the patriotic song, 'Ri Khasi, Ri Khasi' and took the salute under the leadership of the Vice Chairman of the party, Bah Manbhalang. Jyrwa, Political Secretary Aristorwell Thongni, Foreign Secretary Phangkupar Diengdoh, two PSOs including Storgy Lyngdoh and Aiborlang Marbaniang.
Regarding teaching posts, it was discussed that Adhok colleges should be upgraded to deficit and to create more teaching posts and to improve the working conditions of teachers teaching in private colleges. There is no need to have more colleges of teacher education in the state.
Replying to a question by PN Syiem regarding the issuance of building permits, Paul Lyngdoh said that so far there are 400 applications with the Building Structure Regulatory Authority. The Authority is still investigating.
Since the incident in 2018, the National Commission for Minorities, the National Human Rights Commission, the National Commission for Safai Karamcharis have visited the country. they are and should not be moved from there.
“It is a great shame for the State Government in front of the four states of the North East like Mizoram, Tripura, Manipur and Assam, because this highway connects these states,” he said. announcement.
He said that the market for these khiew khydnew is good and they cannot meet the needs of the people who send them to make them. continue to build in Larnai.
Shillong, March 31: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, on Tuesday said that he welcomes the investigation into the NEIGHRIMS Hospital so that all the wrongdoings can be exposed.
The HYC-Umwai Unit includes President, General Secretary and 25 members of the HYC-Umwai Unit, according to a statement sent by the HYC-Umwai Unit. Shillong, June 01: The Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya, Dr BDR Tiwari, today said that Meghalaya will receive 40 companies of CRPF personnel to patrol the area. The MP elections in the state will be held on 19/June/2024, three companies will not be present in the state.
It is prohibited to drink alcoholic beverages and commit illegal activities inside vehicles, to play music near schools, places of worship, near hospitals and in villages after 10 pm," he said. according to the order of the District Magistrate.
This has already been implemented in the state through the Land Transfer Act.
There are measures to protect the revival of cheetahs to find out the cause of the death of these cheetahs, consultations with cheetah experts, veterinary doctors from South Africa and Nambia are ongoing. go forward from time to time.
Police have recovered an AK-47 rifle, a magazine and 26 rounds of unused AK rifle from the scene.
During the two-day meeting, the ADG was welcomed by the IG of BSF Shillong Frontier Harbax Singh Dhillon.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting held at the KSU office, FKJGP President Joe Marwein said that the curfew was called to force the The Government should implement the ILP in the state to prevent the influx of foreigners.
On 27.01.2017, Nilip CH Momin, 27, of Williamnagar, driver of a coal truck, was released without any demand for money. The C-in-C of ASAK, Reding T Sangma, demanded money from the coal owners and sent Nikseng D Shira to collect the money from Gaonbari while others were abducted. they are still in the hands of terrorists.
The clashes were between the militants and on the part of the police, SOT and SWAT of West Garo Hills were also present.
The Cabinet also approved the Government Holidays for the year 2024. The holidays include 23 days of general holidays, 22 days for National Holidays, one day for Rev. Thomas June, and 9 days of special leave.
This will be the platform for the realization of the dreams of those who fought for freedom.
Shillong, Lber 09: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, who is also in charge of the Finance Department, has submitted the budget for the year 2022-2023 with a deficit of T.1,849 crore. .
Speaking to reporters, the Officer in charge of Dawki Police Station, said that they have not yet identified the cause of the injuries sustained by Bah Lyngdoh. He was found dead in Amlympiang village.
Shillong, July 27: The Mawkynrew Block Program Management Unit (NRHM) in collaboration with World Vision India, has celebrated the ASHA Divas 2017-18 at Holy Cross Higher Secondary School. Mawkinrew School.
The collapse of the bridge constructed by M/s Dhar Construction occurred at Wahshang, near Pamlatar and Umtyrkhang village in Mawhati Constituency of Ri Bhoi District.
So that they can work more closely with State and UT Police Departments and train them on the needs of foreign as well as domestic tourists for effective implementation of the Uniform Tourist Police Scheme in the country.
These boats were used to transport agricultural products and people between Dawki and Darang.
SS Majaw, on the evening of November 21, 2021, launched two of the four books written by Dr A Jellingstar Lymba.
Paul said that through this new power, the council will no longer have to implement the bye law of MUDA but to make its own laws. The regulatory authority needs to be approved and once it is established, it needs to be strong and have skilled people, engineers, architects and others.
“We will first seek information from the JHADC and if we find that if the JHADC does not implement the laws it has already passed for the Non-Tribal in Jaintia Hills and also if the Non-Tribal have not complied with the rules of law, we will have to take the necessary action”.
The e-EPICs can be issued only to those who have just registered their names while the others will be delivered to their homes after the National Voters' Day on 25th July
The body of a mother was found in the field on the morning of the 7th by the villagers of Rambrai village on the night of the 6th. the police.
The Minister said that the company has given one reason after another and for this reason the government has decided to terminate the contract with the company.
In his resignation letter, Rakesh said that his resignation was for personal reasons and the letter was sent to the Governor through the office of the Deputy Chairman of GHADC. write to the Lat of the state.
It is to be recalled that the HMYWO has also received the Best District Youth Club Award last year.
The woman, Meloris Dhar, was evicted with her two sons.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Jaiaw Circle today honored the students of Jaiaw Circle who have achieved success in various fields from Class 6 to Ph.D.
At the same time, the Director said that four cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills District and 29 cases have been confirmed in the state. There are 6 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, bringing the total number of recoveries to
He also informed that Rice should be given instead of Wheat on which the Government of India has agreed to it and since April of this year NFSA  category.
Shillong, Lber 28: The National Institute of Technology (NIT) led by the Vice President of the NIT, Samla Shemphanglang Lyngdoh Mawphlang, together with the members of the NIT, visited the office of the National Institute of Technology (NIT). Director Prof BB Biswal and after this, the leader of the party while speaking to the media said that after receiving information through the website of the party He said that the foundation day of the NIT will be held on the 1st of this month, and he said that the union is deeply saddened that the foundation day falls on Easter Sunday.
We have demanded that we should get the ILP and the ILP is the law of the Central Government.
Santa Mary Shylla, Chairman of Handicraft and Handloom, Pravin Bakshi, Commissioner and Secretary Social Welfare Department and other government officials were also present on the occasion. female.
Jowai, Jymmang 10: The filing of nomination papers for the election to the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has ended today with 101 candidates from 29 MDC constituencies.
Dr Shyam Agarwal Vice President, said that the number of students from the North East who have taken this course of Company Secretary is very low. India has only 4,000 cases and Meghalaya has only 104 cases.
The purpose of the festival is to promote tourism in the area.
If the government brings in the railway line according to the wishes of the people with adequate security measures, the union has no objection and is ready to work together for the benefit of the people.
These three youths are Banpynbiang Marweiñ, Francis Kharmuti and Lucky Nongspung. They are residents of Lumshyiap, Shillong. this is the Bungy Jump.
The Chief Engineer of the SSC Meghalaya together with the contractor who constructed the artificial turf ground of the First Ground Stadium have promised the President and all the members of the SSA, that they will take action to repair it. and to improve all parts of the football stadium.
The exhibition was inaugurated by the Chief Secretary of the State, Bah WMS Parait.
Police have recovered a self-made SBBL sulai from his body and arrested the driver of the vehicle, Bah Borlang.
The Chief Minister's Secretary to Delhi has left for Delhi to meet with Union Ministers to discuss schemes in the state.
AHAM said that 24 MLAs from Garo Hills, two from East Khasi Hills, one from Assam, one MP from India and one from Bangladesh have been elected to the Legislative Assemblies in Meghalaya. The government's information in Garo Hills is written in English which people do not understand.
Shops from other districts must have a certificate from the Deputy Commissioners, such as East Jaintia Hills District, Ri Bhoi District, South West Khasi Hills District and West Khasi Hills District.
The Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan on Thursday approved a committee comprising all political parties to discuss the implementation of the Reservation Roster System.
"“We expect that from now on, the government will use its power and authority to curb evil and chaos in society without punishing the people like this (by shutting down the internet) and also, it should think carefully before taking any step to arrest such persons, so that such a course which the government should take will not affect the people.
On the other hand, the Commissioner and Secretary, Rural Development Department, Meghalaya, Sampath Kumar in his speech said that Meghalaya has now reached another milestone to encourage the people to plant plants that do not use pesticides.
Encouraging the youth to come forward to fight for the cause of the Jaitbynriew, Samla Shemphang said, “When we are the soldiers of the Jaitbynriew we should not be afraid of the law, but we should be afraid that the Jaitbynriew will disappear. we".
Due to the news in the past few months, on the ticket application of many candidates from these two constituencies, the party has put the people especially of these two constituencies in confusion.
College but this school can no longer accommodate many students due to the overcrowding of classrooms,” said the Seng leader.
However, in the RTI reply, it said that it has received T.119 crore and the amount still with the Government is T.43 crore.
He said that the party has expressed to the DGP that it is ready to cooperate with the Police Department, the Dorbar Shnong as the party does not want to see the spread of drug abuse not only in Shillong but also in Shillong. the drug has penetrated even rural communities.
The Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) on Tuesday informed the Meghalaya High Court that it has accepted the Blue Print proposed by the State Government to relocate 342 Harijan families who have migrated to Them. Mawlong Market is located at the office of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB), Bivar Road.
Shillong, Nailur 16: Unidentified persons today at about 11.00 pm set fire to Bisses Das inside his shop in Bishnapur.
He said that the duty of Police Officers is to serve the country and to contribute for the welfare of the people in the society.
When the union met with the Director of Health Services, it was found that the DHS has not sent a request for funds from the government.
Surprisingly, all the parties are talking about the defection of MDCs, the belief that they can get power which is impossible, how can they hold power when there is no law to ban it. question organization.
Earthquakes, search for people trapped in building collapses, chemical biological radiological nuclear response mechanism (CBRN), rescue of people from mountains, lakes, storms and others.
Its offices are located in Gangtok, Sikkim, Shillong in Meghalaya and Aizawl in Mizoram.
As the party has not done anything against, but has given the Lat through the party HSPDP to serve the people, if they leave that is their responsibility, if they leave the people will answer them in the The party will stand firm on its own grounds as it has been suit lashor.
Dr. Jitendra Singh said that in the future, the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) will guide us for social, economic and environmental development.
Earlier, there will be a drawing competition in different districts and the winners of three districts will be selected to compete at the state level on the 29th of this month.
About 200 people took part in the drawing competition which was held at Shillong Jail Road Boys' Higher Secondary School.
Shanborlang is a Franciscan, an Order of Minor Friars.
Kharphuli has been charged under Section 363 IPC. After completion of all the necessary procedures, the child was handed over to her family.
The meeting was also attended by the Sordar of Laitlyngkot Elaka, Sordar Shnongs, Matabor, Rangbah Shnongs and elders and about 500 residents of many villages in the area.
Shillong, Naitung 03: The Meghalaya High Court after hearing two cases on the complaint of Santosh Purushottam Purohit, Manager of M/s Garden Court Distilleries Private Limited, Mumbai, Mumbai, Meghalaya. Maharashtra vs. Meghalaya over the rejection of the NIT tender for the supply of government ration to the Meghalaya government.
Referring to the post of Chairman within the party, Banteidor said that this is within the constitution of the party and not just created.
On this occasion, a minute of silence was held to commemorate those who sacrificed their lives for the sake of the country.
Shillong, November 29: Meghalaya will celebrate the 157th death anniversary of this hero who fought against the British who insulted the Khasi Pnar people.
Arwan congratulated Bankitkupar War for making this event possible, and congratulations also went to Boldness L Nongum and A War for making this day a success. that it is now possible to open this shop.
Mukul also criticized Jairam Ramesh's statement that the Trinamool Congress has not waited but has gone ahead to announce its candidates for the 42 seats in West Bengal.
The polling day will be on the 21st of this month.
Shillong, July 26: U Bah Shanborlang Pakynteiñ, resident of 3rd Mile Umlyngka Upper Shillong, has lodged a complaint with the CEO of Shillong Municipal Board regarding the increase in tax collection from vehicles inside Mawlong Market.
Pascal Mario Kmenlang Pathaw is a Khasi boy who has gathered knowledge about his culture and traditions along with a clear understanding of the present day.
Therefore, with the confidence of body and soul, they worked hard and the villagers with the confidence that he will do something as he promised gave their full support to win him but when he won he forgot about it. and he hath made it, and hath despised it, and hath not done anything like it.
At the same time, the District Councils are the custodians of the land, but when it comes to land acquisition, the District Councils have no role in the acquisition of land. The CoMSO wants the word District Council to be included in the Act, as it is now the DC and SDO who have the authority to allocate land. The CoMSO demands that this practice should be banned and non-Meghalayans should be allowed to purchase land.
Birla said India will achieve the Sustainable Development Goals by
The residents of Assam have now become low paid in their own state.
In this letter, the president of the party, Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh, has written to the former Prime Minister of India, Indira Gandhi, that if she does not give the state, they will no longer talk to the Government of India.
All schools should have physical education teachers, and there should be a special allocation for the training of youngsters who are skilled in sports and youngsters should receive the right to avoid being restricted in terms of attendance and examination.
An Alto 800 (ML04C-2203) collided with a truck (NL01K-1090) at Nongsning, Khliehriat Block, East Jaintia Hills.
Other injured were sent to CHC Mawkyrwat.
These IEC vehicles have demonstrated parts of various major schemes and programs of the Government over the past six years and this has attracted a lot of attention from people who have shared their experiences about the step of the Government.
“Staying updated and making quick decisions is crucial in this setting.
The Bhashan Samman is a special honor for writers and intellectuals who have contributed to the development and enrichment of the language.
The Police Department has directed the police stations on the border with Bangladesh to be vigilant that such people should not enter the state. one state.
Shillong, Jymmangy 26: The National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government today celebrated its two-year anniversary on Tuesday. He said the government will provide assistance to the youth to set up jobs in the North East.
Regarding this, the MPCC wants to tell Dr Mawthoh that if he wants to overthrow the government, he must have enough MLAs with him.
At Mawiong Umjapung, the Rangbah Dong, Bah Y.Wahlang and the residents of the village were also present.
Passah also reminded the KHADC that the Act 2007, Section 2 Sub Section (o) has clearly stated that that the Rangbah Shnong should be elected only from among the Khasi community, and the relevant authorities should comply with the existing provisions of the law and refrain immediately from satisfying these demands.
On receiving this information, the police searched and found that he lives in Mawlynrei Khliehshnong. Police arrested him from his residence this morning and seized him. one SIM card from Bangladesh.
The presence of misleading online reviews affects the trust of online shopping platforms and can mislead people into making wrong purchasing decisions.
Shillong, July 06: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Central Executive Council (KSU) on Tuesday decided to support the decision of the North East Students' Organization (KSU). (NESO) to hold a protest on the second day.
The Minister also proposed to provide training to Bangladeshi filmmakers.
Dawki is located in West Jaintia Hills, Meghalaya, 55 km from the district headquarters, Jowai and about 84 km from Shillong.
The shops of rong tin, tin, narrod, and light shops cannot be opened.
In 1988, he took part in politics to contest the MLA election from Shella constituency where he won as an independent candidate with the support of the KSU. MLA of Shella until these last days.
To strengthen the Police Force in all districts of the state by innovating and using modern equipment and technology.
The JSU president said that many of the patients in the district have to go to Civil Jowai and Ialong for better treatment.
The search operation is ongoing to arrest the suspects.
Shillong, Naitung 04: There have been six new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, one in Ri Bhoi and two in West Garo Hills. there were 108 of them.
 Ensure livestock safety by keeping animals untied.
Shillong, June 14: The Congress party today held a protest against the proposal of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma to issue work permits to Bangladeshis to come to work in Meghalaya. This was announced at the ground floor of Congress Bhavan at Thana Road Shillong.
Shillong, Nailar 09: There are 52 new cases of COVID-19 in East Garo Hills today, according to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. Hills 1, Ri Bhoi 2, South Garo Hills 3, South West Garo Hills 6, South West Khasi Hills 2, West Garo Hills 20, West Jaintia Hills 10 cases.
It will be held in Shillong and is the only festival in the world to be held during the summer.
She said that their demand is from the government regarding the increase in their salary from 2,000 tyngka to 5,000 tyngka per month.
Therefore, the Laban Circle requested the police to arrest and investigate thoroughly the arrested child so that they can find out all those involved in this crime and punish them according to the law.
The true voice of the people shouts, 'O Khynriam, O Pnar, O Bhoi, O War, O Lyngam, O Haharam' for there is no rympei to ksan and to win in the council nearby, because even in the first council there is no way to fulfill all; therefore be united, and choose one chief to lead you at the head.
Prominent among the 800 people who attended the rally were singer Asha Bhosle, wife of Sri Lankan President Shiranthi Rajapaksa, BJP spokesperson Meenakshi Lekhibad. Congress leader from Uttar Pradesh Rita Bahuguna Joshi, former Sri Lankan President Chandrika Bandaranaike Kumaratunga and Afghan Minister for Women Affairs Dr Hussain Banu Ghazanfar.
On the other hand, the HYC also condemns the leader of the area because if the leader takes action, such incidents will not happen in the houses of the people, as it is one of the poorest households. T.10,900/- tyngka, one household T.5000/- tyngka in 2019 but has not yet received the money from the Block.
U Bah MH Dkhar, said that although Jaintia Hills has gained independence from the hands of the Dohlieh, but as it is now, Jaintia Hills has faced many problems in other countries. other parts that affect the country and the nation.
On the other hand, Rupam Pal, Construction Manager of Reliance Jio, said that in the next few months, the construction of mobile towers will start in Phodkroh, Puksora, Wanokchiring and Nongjri. and Plants.
To ensure that there will be no mass gathering in the shops of the market under the jurisdiction of the Hima Mylliem, the Hima Mylliem Police have patrolled around the market to ensure that the shopkeepers are safe. They don't follow the rules of the government.
On this occasion, the Governor also inaugurated the house which has been built under the grounds of the Raj Bhavan and this is another beauty of the Governor's residence. employees and officers of Raj Bhavan especially Dr. BDR Tiwari.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Bah Peter S Dkhar, said that there was no incident.
For more information, please visit the website of the RBI. On behalf of the RBI, those present on the occasion were P. Gangte, Deputy General Manager, RBI Shillong, L. Hangmuanthang, Asst General. Manager, RBI Shillong, Utpal Bezbaruah, District Development Manager NABARD Nongstion, Th.
Answering questions, Bah Nehlang said that he wants to focus on his current job.
The Government hopes that the peace talks will move forward and reach the goal of achieving peace.
Shillong, November 14: Ampareen Lyngdoh of the National People's Party (NPP) has decided to contest as the party's candidate from the Shillong MP election in
The Government has encouraged local entrepreneurship through transparent and large-scale actions never seen before.
We will see a lot of opportunities for 5G development and deployment in the coming years, he said.
Investigation is ongoing to determine whether there are any others involved in the robbery.
Also, regarding the discrimination against the children studying at the Step by Step School, it is suddenly in 2018 that the rules have been issued which are unacceptable at all.
The Co-ordination Committee has decided that some of the rules regarding the implementation of the funds have been violated and a letter has been sent to the Director of Urban Affairs. I don't know about the money that has already been implemented by the Municipal,” said Marak.
If found guilty of violating this order, by mistake or act, those who violate will be punished according to the rules of law, said the DC of Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, July 07: Four unions of various banks in India have called for a strike this morning as a sign of protest against the government's labor policies against the that Bank.
The KSU has directed the Jaidbynriew leaders of various Dkhars to protect their people, otherwise the KSU will not hesitate to take the same measures as the KSU leaders took at that time. Anti-Foreigners' Movement.
On the other hand, the President of the union said that the union will continue to follow up until the factory provides the necessary facilities to avoid being affected by the smoke from the quarry.
This ban is through the rules and regulations laid down by the Central Government regarding the ban on foreign aid to various Christian churches in India.
Thousands of people from all over the area have arrived for treatment at the government's free medicine distribution.
Speaking to reporters, Muktiar VG Kynta said that Rev Sanborly Diengngan will not continue the petition filed in the Meghalaya High Court against the MCRM Act The Government has introduced an amendment to the Meghalaya Compulsory Registration of Marriage (Amendment) Act
The MPLU of Jaintia Hills condemns the government's disregard for the lives of human beings as it has been shown since the beginning of the curfew that the residents of the state have been following them. Village leaders such as Rangbah Shnong, VDPs and civil society organizations have been working together with the government authorities to prevent the spread of this disease.
Shillong, Lber 14: After being elected as the Chief Whip of the Opposition, Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie today inspected the Mawlai Bye-Pass. In the presence of the Executive Engineer of PWD, Umsning Division, Mawlai Bye-Pass, Fabian Umdor and members of the Mawlai Block Congress.
To strengthen this commitment of the Prime Minister of the Republic of India, they should have the opportunity to enter their private government buildings and there should be time to do this to implement. in terms of recruitment for them and this special recruitment has been increased from 3pc to 4pc.
Shillong, March 16: The HSPDP has not yet discussed to support the People Democratic Front (PDF) under the leadership of Bah PN Syiem as CEM of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). Answering questions, Thangkhiew said that as a party, we have experienced a sudden change in the political situation within the KHADC, but as a party, we have not had any discussion whether to support or not to support this. Current EC.
Regarding the land in Mawphlai village, which has been purchased by the Forest Department for Rs 5 crore, there is a suspicion that there is something behind the purchase of land from the village while the payment of the money. you are a private person.
Shillong,Nohprah,o2:The DSC Grade IV students have set a deadline of 10 months for the government to appoint them. by your Hunger Indefinite stride.
Services repeated the winning streak in the other seven finals.
Through the media, Rakkam A.Sangma urged the students to forget about any good deeds and especially the entertainment on the mobile phone and to focus on the These two examinations are the most important in the lives of the students and determine their future.
Teidor Thangkhiew District Development Manager, NABARD, Jowai said that the villagers live by farming and from their households. .
The satisfaction of those who send care is checked from time to time.
Dohling said he expressed his gratitude to the people of Mylliem Constituency for giving him the opportunity to speak within the Cabinet, to speak with various civil society organizations on the ILP in Delhi. The Meghalaya Legislative Assembly has approved the decision to implement the ILP in the state.
Dikseng A. Sangma on 18th June, 2024 lodged a complaint with the Women Police Station, Tura, West Garo Hills to inform about the disappearance of his wife Noring Ch.
According to sources close to the Congress party , it is difficult to remove the ticket of an MDC who is still in power , but it is also up to the units of the party to express their wishes but the final decision is up to the MPCC leadership to decide on the ticket.
To provide a framework for the implementation of policies and programs of DoNER in its objective of accelerating social development.
Out of that, Rs.1,40,00,000.00 has been deposited into the account of the Khasi Heritage Conservation Forum (KHCF). ), which Bah Antonio War, EM, is also the Chairman of KHCF. tens of thousands of dollars).
Shillong, Jymmang 18: Regarding the meeting of all political parties convened by the MDA government tomorrow to discuss the roster system, the KSU would like to express the following: This is due to the order of the High Court of Meghalaya to the State Government.
He said that with clarity in the nomination of beneficiaries, the Government has released more than T 3.04 lakh crore so far to more than 11 crore farmers around the world and through this release At present, the total release of funds to the beneficiaries since the launch of the scheme will exceed T 3.24 lakh crore.
Shillong, March 16: The Khasi Author Society (KAS) today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma to urge the government to translate the Khasi language into the official language of Meghalaya. now it is still only an additional language.
Shillong, July 09: Superintendent of Police, Bah BJ Laloo, Superintendent of Police, Shillong, on Tuesday urged the public to be careful. who persevere in this arrangement of the new traffic system in the polo regions.
Replying to another question by Bah Paul Lyngdoh, regarding the Entrance Test for MBBS, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek said that this is the responsibility of the central government in which the states have to follow.
On the other hand, the government wants to provide the opportunities to all the residents of the village for what they deserve.
The MLA also informed that the allocation for the maintenance of this road will amount to T.52.98 crore.
The KSU Jaintia Hills has taken advantage of the rights of the indigenous people through the Schedule Tribe Certificates.
There will be more educational programs in the coming months.
Rangdajied coach Santosh Kashyap said they will fight for the victory.
Shibun Lingdoh, President of BJP Meghalaya.
The Ranikor Area Farmers Association (RAFA) on Friday sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, Bah T. Lyngwa regarding the destruction of crops by wild boars. This has caused a huge loss to the farmers of the villages in the Ranikor area.
Meghalaya will face Manipur or Mizoram in the final while the winners of the semi final will face Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: U Bah AL Hek MLA of the BJP who is also the Chairman of the Central Scheme Monitoring Committee of the party today visited the collapse of the Dome which is the roof of the house. the state legislature.
There have been 9 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 8 from Ri Bhoi, 1 from Ri Bhoi, bringing the total number of recoveries in the state to
Shillong, The 3rd November 2021 The Office of the Director of Schools, Education and Literacy has approved several Government LPS schools to be upgraded to LPS. Government UPS.Among those schools, the following are the most famous.
Out of the 45 bikes seized, 11 are from Rajabala, 12 from Jengjal, 2 from Tura, 7 from Bongaigaon and 13 from Dadenggre. , 15 mobile phones have been arrested from Meghalaya and two from Assam, 10 mobile phones have been recovered from 17 mobile phones, 6 from Assam and 4 from Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the Railway Police have urged the public to be vigilant in their travels. The RPF has also strengthened the security forces. the protection that passengers are free from spies.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The Lakhreh Memorial School Umsohsun today celebrated the death anniversary of Babu Jeebon Roy Mairom, the founder of the school.
Furthermore, it is informed that existing Landline Numbers will be replaced when converted to FTTH (Fiber to the Home).
The Minister said he was pleased with the way the Rozgar Mela was held and said, “I am pleased to be here today and to take part in the Prime Minister Rozgar Melaka program which is being held at 46 centers across the country. country.
It is to be recalled that the Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, at the fourth session of the People's Parliament held at Asanangre, West Garo Hills, Meghalaya, on 14th November 2011, awarded him with the 3Peoples Parliament Global Award to this great man for his courage, selflessness, and for his stand for Human Rights.
Minister Duh spoke on the use of drones which has been launched by the recent Drone Policy.
The National General Secretary Bertram Devadas and other office bearers of the YNMC and the President of the YMCA Shillong, Most Revd Dr. P Lyngdoh, welcomed the youths who came to take part. to unite the country.
The lyrics of the song have touched the patriotic heart of the Chief Guest and the members of the Khasi Authors' Society.
Police of the Anti Narcotic Task Force of East Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday seized heroin worth Rs 5.5 crore after arresting drug traffickers. in the state of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: Japanese Ambassador to India Kenji Hiramatsu today visited Meghalaya and met with the Governor of Meghalaya. u Ganga Prasad at Raj Bhavan Shillong.
The people should have a feeling that this is theirs as their own.
However, he said that this will be announced in the House tomorrow morning by the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District.
The death toll has risen to 4, 2 from East Khasi Hills, 2 from West Jaintia Hills. today there are 1356 cases.
The Governor was accompanied by Home Minister Roshan Warjri, Chief Whip RV Lyngdoh and UDP MLA Titus Chyne. Latiplang Kharkongor EM in charge of Khasi Heritage Affairs of KHADC and Bah Adelbert Nongrum MDC of Jaiaw. This is the last day of my life.
Shillong, Nailar 02:The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Sengkmie is deeply concerned to receive information from our fellow citizens who are suffering at such times and they are losing the assistance from the government just because You don't have an Aadhar card.
Wankhar said that in the past three years the celebration has been held across the districts of the state and this time the programs will be held in different blocks.
The HNLC also demanded that the Government should withdraw all the charges against the party leaders and said that the Government should offer an apology but otherwise the HNLC may withdraw from the negotiating table. entertain.
The preparations for the mid-term elections will be between these three parties.
Shillong, Nailar 21: There have been 14 new cases of COVID-19 confirmed in the country today. , Ri Bhoi 1, South West Garo Hills 1, West Garo Hills 5 people.
He said that the government's initiative to assist Self Help Groups to develop their own businesses has helped those who work in sewing and weaving from home.
In this regard, the fish traders and traders association has also decided to meet the Commissioner of Food Safety for more clarification on this issue.
The FKS has issued a statement in the media in recent days from one of the senior leaders of the UDP party talking about the IOA and AA. The UDP has requested clarification whether this publication is a personal matter or whether it is the basis of the UDP on the basis of the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement of 17 August 1948 signed and agreed between the Hima Khasi States and the Hima Khasi States. Government of India.
Meghalaya has a large market for pork, most of the pigs are imported from outside the state like Assam, North Bengal and this import of pigs from abroad has caused Billions of rupees of money from this state flow abroad for the purchase of pigs.
This shows the commitment of the Modi Government for a drug free India.
The deceased was identified as a 36-year-old man with six children.
The father of the nation, Mahatma Gandhi, was described as a pioneer along with other great personalities of the country.
The cleanliness campaign included the cleaning of the house, the Raj Bhavan, the streets around the Raj Bhavan and the footpaths and the garbage was disposed of in the right places.
KJBWA is ready to cooperate with FKJGP for this purpose.
Referring to the issuance of an arrest warrant on the complaint of the Governor against the University, he said the government cannot issue unfounded allegations that the Chancellor has resigned.
A total of 3706 candidates have sat for the examination and 1072 candidates have failed.
The KSU leader said that at this meeting, the leaders of the political parties will explain to the people about the ILP which is a strong law that protects the illegal entry of foreign authorities.
In another question by Bah FJ Lakadong, the EM in charge of Market, Bah Jambor War said that the District Council does not have the authority to set the price of marep. The KHADC will take action against the farmers.
Symbut Myntri Rangbah said that at present the police station has been operated from the office of the GHADC Forest Department. at the police station.
He also recalled how the Seng has been running for 43 years from time to time despite many challenges.
Minister Duh said the North East is the gateway to South-East Asia and can be the center of economic development for the entire region.
Now it has put the political parties in a difficult situation to urge to stop the postponement as the Election Commission has announced the polling day to be on 23rd June
He also criticized his friends who had turned against him and he believed that their actions were like the meat in front of them sitting behind.
According to this Act, there shall be Facilitation Centers at the Entry and Exit Points where the Government employees who are at these Facilitation Centers shall assist the foreigners to enter the State safely and shall assist in the maintenance of the books of those poiwir.
Shillong, Nailar 07: The Water Resources Department (WAD) has taken steps to protect the village of Balat from the floods.
He said the example of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly should be taken in terms of participation in speaking for development.
From Meghalaya, the police medal was awarded to Lakador Syiem, Commandant of 6th Battalion, Bikram D Marak, Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills, and Thulisserryl C. Chacko, Deputy Commandant of 4th Battalion.
Shillong, November 23: The General Secretary of the Evangelical Fellowship of India in a statement said that the church strongly condemns the rape of a young woman in the city of India. In India, the church is working with NGOs to fight against this incident.
Shillong, July 16: The Dorbar Kur Mawrie, which was scheduled to celebrate Mariang Day on the 5th July, has been postponed due to unavoidable reasons.
More than 8500 kalash(s) will arrive in Delhi on 29th March for the closing ceremony.
Nityanand Rai said the Assam Rifles conducts medical camps, women empowerment schemes, leadership across the country and other activities for the people under the Civic Action Programme.
The Seng is proud that this club has worked hard to reach this level to lead the State as a whole until Delhi. The Seng wishes you all the best. .
The allegation against Bah James is only an allegation because he has nothing else to accuse, the allegation against him is only an allegation.
This cut of the shniah ksainar shniah is always on the border.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The party has given 24 hours to Paul Lyngdoh and Teiborlang Pathaw to respond to the party. Speaking to media after the meeting, Dr Mawthoh said that they will wait within 24 hours to respond if they do. The party will hold a meeting and if they don't agree, the party will discuss how to deal with these two MDCs. The two MDCs have expressed their support for the EC of Bah Latiplang in KHADC. After the discussion, it was decided that they should not be allowed to respond to the party. ong about this deed of theirs.
Union Minister in charge of Culture, Tourism and Development, G. Kishan Reddy and Minister of State for Child Development and Cooperation.
Members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today went to sit in front of the residence of the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma at Polo. , but here too they were taken by the police and taken to Sardar police station and detained at this place.
Shillong, Naitung 27: The opposition MDCs of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today held a meeting to discuss the issue of Assam. Police have arrested Mawhati MDC Charles Pyngrope at Iongkhuli village in Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, March 16: BSF troops at BOP Umsyiem in East Khasi Hills District have complained that at midnight on 14/10/2021 they found people walking on the border with Bangladesh. ai sign that they stop.
The BJP president said that the Lamphang of GHADC has informed the meeting only at 10.00 pm and the meeting is held at 11.00 pm. in the council house.
In this announcement, it was said that there will be no problem regarding the distribution of ration so that if there is any problem related to the distribution of ration, the people who receive the ration will be informed. they should go from house to house.
Of these, 14 cases are from East Khasi Hills, 7 cases from BSF and 7 cases from civilians, 1 case from South West Garo Hills, 20 cases from West Garo Hills, 16 cases from BSF and 4 cases from civilians.
On the other hand, the KSU alleged that all these are merely misleading and misleading to the public who have not yet accepted that the resignation of UCIL is the end of the uranium issue in the region.
“We have already decided to go to court, and this will be the last step we have to take, we will wait for a few days because they have been waiting for many months,” said the CEM. The Executive Committee of GHADC has allowed the old Executive Committee to spend more than T.22 crore. The state government has now counted the amount of T.18 crore from the mineral resources released by the state government.
Taking advice from Members of Parliament, pledges from Parliament, cleaning workplaces and grounds, disposing of waste and maintaining files.
“We have to think that these violence in the border areas, especially from Assam, is something we cannot just listen to.
On these grounds, the parents fully support and encourage the SSA and fourth teachers under the banner of the Meghalaya SSA School Association in their struggle for their rights. SSA teachers and union leaders have agreed to extend the strike for two or three days and will take other measures so that it will not affect the children who are also parents. fathers will join hands to overthrow the government.
This was stated by Ramani Bhattacharyya, General Secretary, CCO-C, Meghalaya.
However, the union is saddened to see that many of these agencies come out only to extort money from many children who are cheating and calling them in many ways.
Shillong, November 30: Robbers suspected to have come from Bangladesh have attempted to rob Khonjoy village in South West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday night.
The HYC Ri Bhoi District said that many of the people are in need especially in terms of money, according to a statement sent by Hercules Suting General Secretary of the HYC Ri Bhoi District.
The five MLAs are Prestone Tynsong from Pynursla, Ngaitlang Dhar from Umroi, Sniawbhalang Dhar from Nartiang, Rowell Lyngdoh from Mawkyrwat, Comingone Ymbon from Raliang, Stephenson Mukhim from Amlarem and Remington Pyngro. of Mawynrew.
Since 1981, AMKA has produced 200 athletes who have won medals in domestic competitions and 20 athletes who have won medals abroad.
of India shall be appointed by the President of India.
On the same day, the Chief Minister also met with groups of farmers at Adogre in North Garo Hills District where the Chief Minister encouraged the farmers to produce more crops. He said the government has set up FOCUS to address the problems of the farmers.
Kumar wrote the letter to Atomic Energy on a letter sent by the North East Dialogue Forum (NEDF) from Imphal to the Prime Minister's Office. Country.
Shillong, July 19: There is no cure for the INFLUX of the Hynniewtrep people.
The opening ceremony was conducted by Bah Nassarsing N Marwein, Agent of the Nongtnger Kur. According to a statement sent by Bah Hosting Nongtnger, General Secretary of the Kur.
In a letter to the Prime Minister, Bah HS Lyngdoh, present of the party, said that they have demanded from the central government to stop Assam from doing its work. which affects the people on the border with Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: Police of East Khasi Hills District have received a tip that some people have phoned the public identifying themselves as smugglers saying that the weapons they have received contain alcoholic beverages. After sending the song, you are advised not to take the items that have not arrived.
“In a major step towards achieving this goal, the Ministry of Telecommunications, Government of India has issued several orders to facilitate the KYC process and these will pave the way for changes in the telecom industry such as announced by the Cabinet of Ministers on
In the case of the 3rd and 5th Semesters, classes will continue as usual without any interruption.
Before leaving, the High Priest of Mawphlang Hima paid tribute to the French Consul General.
The scheme was approved by the Ministry of DoNER in 2015-16 and in 2016-2017 it was handed over to the North Eastern Council during 2016-17 for implementation. Chairman of the Secretary, North Eastern Council (NEC) for review.
At present, it is impossible to expand this hospital because there is no space.
AL Hek and SK Srivastava, Additional Secretary and Financial Advisor, Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Union Government, were shocked while playing at Shillong Golf Course today.
At this meeting, it was discussed how to eradicate poverty, to open up the youth in all aspects and to make India a new form of peace, security and prosperity in all aspects.
He said the mantra of the G-20 is – One World, One Family, One Future.
Rangdajied were determined to come back at Mawlai in the second half and they made two attacking substitutions to try and do that – bringing on Dameki Khongstia and Wanlamsuk Nongkhlaw at half time.
Also present were MDC Batskhem Ryntathiang, Archbishop of Shillong, Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh, Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Wilfred Nongsiej, Provincial Superior of Holy Cross North Indian Province, Sister Linet, Administrator of Holy Cross Health Centre, Mairang, Sister Jesse Jose, doctors, government officials, village leaders of the area and others.
The people now need to demand that this act which he allegedly committed is against the violence, which is unclean to the A'chiks, by taking away their rights and they will protest if take this year's implementation of the Roster.
Shillong, July 07: The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, has not yet responded to the invitation of the state to inaugurate the 50th Anniversary of Meghalaya on the 21st of this month. said Prestone Tynsong, Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
In this investigation, it will invite all those involved in this case to investigate.
At the time of publication, the two men have not returned home.
Any person applying for a driving license must pass a rigorous driving skills test.
“Whether there is an emergency or not, that is the question,” he said.
The Minister also met with the Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman and requested her to increase the allocation of funds and to allocate more Externally Aided Projects (EAP) to Meghalaya on the basis of you haven't ladep yet.
At present, the elections in Meghalaya are only 10 months away, the BJP will not invite the parties to cooperate, but let other parties come to cooperate in the elections.
It also shows the evils of alcohol, irresponsibility in the home, exploitation of women, abuse of power and also gives a warning message to avoid many evil deeds. .
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: A fire broke out at 14 miles in Byrnihat today in which 20 houses were destroyed. in this unfortunate incident.
He said that besides Dr Syngkon, there are two other candidates who have applied for tickets from the VPP and these are Dr Bahunlang Tron, Asst Professor at PGT College and Prof Lakhon Kma, Professor at NEHU. Dr Syngkon has been the General Secretary of the party. The SEC has decided that he is the right person to contest from the party.
Regarding the Meghalaya Motor Vehicle Rules (MMVR) which the government has prepared for the public, the working group of MPLU and JCCCV will study it thoroughly and will give its opinion to the government if it is still available. There is a need to ensure that the law is relevant to the people so that they can follow the rules of the law.
According to the electoral roll, the constituency has 25,319 voters.
The main topics discussed in the program were on health, various schemes and activities of Youth Wing, Women's Wing and the role of youth to take responsibility for themselves and for the society as a whole.
Byrnihat, June 04: The BJP today campaigned at Byrnihat in Ri Bhoi District for the MP election to be held on the 9th of this month.
In his speech, Joint Director CJM Sangma said that the FHWTS started in 1963 and since then it has been serving the people of Garo Hills.
Shillong, July 25: The Government of Meghalaya has approved to strengthen and amend the Meghalaya Land Transfer (Regulation) Act 1971 and to amend the Indian Registration Act 1908, in order to recognize by law the Khasi States. Elaka allocated from the Land Revenue Office of the Syiems, Lyngdohs, Sirdars, Dolloi and Nokmas.
He announced that seven officers have been appointed to ensure that the market should no longer be used for plastic bags. Three of these officers are from KHADC and three of them are from the Hima Mylliem.
Shillong, June 23: The Coordination Committee of Meghalaya Social Organization (CoMSO) today held a flag raising ceremony across the state.
Reshem Budhathoki of 58 GTC, who represented Tripura in this event, won the gold medal in the 30 mtr event, which also set a national record.
Ialamphang said that the union has found that the increase in the production and operation of foreign tour operators has affected the indigenous youth to set up their own businesses especially in terms of tourism development. earth.
From the 16th to the 18th, there were preparations to celebrate the 50th Anniversary of Myllung Soso Tham.
These children have been selected who have lost their parents and caregivers due to the pandemic from October, 2020 to 28 June
On the request of the Petrol Pump Owners, the Cabinet today decided to give time to the Petrol Pump Owners to submit their tax returns on or before 15th June
The HNPF has not been able to close the gate because the KHADC authorities have informed the police and the police have come to guard the gate. behind the door.
The focus of these three new laws is on bringing about good, not on punishment by also looking at the difficult parts of society.
The Cabinet also approved the Meghalaya Nursing Rule 2020. The government has already approved the Meghalaya Nursing Council Act in 1992 and the rule can still be approved today.
It is to be recalled that on 13th June, 2019, the union inspected the Labor License of these foreigners and found that these foreigners did not have proper documents.
The meeting also decided that the 4th teachers of 1521 under the leadership of the MSSASA 4th Teachers Committee will take over the meeting with the Minister. by one way to obtain his rights.
From Meghalaya, Helen Giri has received the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award for the year 2023 for her outstanding contribution to the development of traditional music in Meghalaya.
If there are other arrangements within the villages, the Incident Commanders should be informed to avoid any misunderstandings and the Car Passes will be issued by the Incident Commanders in their respective villages. Zone.
These include fuel via freight trains to meet the needs of the electricity sector as well as the need for fuel for critical infrastructure during the lockdown. due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
On this occasion, the Rangbah Shnong of Nongjri, Bah Myghter Marwein, distributed 15 kilos of rice, rice bran and umphniang to each household. They do not receive any assistance from the government like other villages.
The Minister stressed that the Central Government is looking into the development issues in the North East.
The meeting was conducted by Diamondstone Lyngdoh, President of the Joint Action Committee of various drivers' unions in Pynursla area. com.
At the same time, he said that the lack of trucks at the weigh bridge has made it difficult for them to pay the government as agreed and also to pay the salaries of the workers.
If the CPC and CRPc work in the Village Courts and Hima Courts , these Courts will have to close down because they don't have the money to pay the fees of judges who have passed LLB above who know CPC & CRPc more.
The Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government is currently considering 38 languages ​​to be included in the Eight Schedule of the country and one of those languages ​​is the Khasi language.
Shillong: The two parties, the PDF and the HSPDP, which have two MLAs, have agreed to support the new government led by the NPP.Shillong. , Jymmang 11: Flying Squads have patrolled 60 constituencies in the state to search vehicles to ensure that there will be no smuggling of money or drugs during the elections. .
This means that the assistance should not be limited to 100 or 200 tyngka but should be according to the damage to the crops.
Bah Paul Lyngdoh said the religious leaders will hold a meeting on July 19 and after that, they will come to the Government with their proposals.
You are the strength of Team India.
The appointment letters were handed over at a meeting held at the State Convention Centre, Shillong in the presence of Minister of Health and Family Welfare Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh and Minister of PHE Marcuise N. Marak.
Speaking to reporters, Paiem Lathoh said, “I express my deep sorrow over this incident and the violence by other ethnic groups against our people and especially against them. people of the law dare to reach out and hurt them".
Speaking to SP News Agency, Dr S Laloo said that the society has received this figure after testing 64,000 people and most of these patients are from Shillong: Because of the illegal activities of people, there are also those who have contracted this disease from their drug abuse.
This reduction in the interest rate when people come to borrow money and the interest rate when people go to deposit money is the implementation of the work of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi on the 31st. of November 2016 to the country, in which he said that all banks should reduce interest rates for the benefit of the poor.
When Ms Laloo gave a speech to the 300 students of class X, XI and XII to take this as an opportunity to learn about various lines of study, Ms Laloo also urged the leaders. of the WJYC to continue to work hard for the welfare of the entire Amlarem Sub Division.
Greatmercy Langte is also one of the singers who won the Best Performance of the Day award in the Meghalaya Superstar Season 2 in
The Shillong Literary Festival was inaugurated by the Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh in the presence of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, children, students from all over Shillong and others. others.
Initially, 26,000 farmers registered but so far 81,000 farmers have registered. The government expects that the T.250 crore will be distributed to the farmers this year. Current budget 2022-2
Through this statement we urge those groups who have already paid the entrance fee to please call these numbers 9774478073, 6033 112 877 and 9362702715 so that we can refund the money you have paid for the fee. form and your entry fee for the Tournament.
The Chief Minister was informed that in April 2012, the National Commission for Scheduled Tribes (NCST) had directed the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) to amend the IOA & AA provisions in the Constitution of India. These days, the MHA has not done anything on the orders of the NCST except to write letters to the State Government since 2012 and
Incubation centers have been approved in more than 200 Technical Institutions, Industry Association, Social Enterprise.
He said he will meet with the Chief Minister on this issue when he arrives in Shillong.
Samla Field Mission Kharsati, who works at ARC Happy Valley and won a bronze medal for Iran at the International Young Boxing Championship 2010 and a gold medal at the Indo-Sri Lanka Boxing Exchange 2013 in Bangalore.
Police arrested the gang while they were robbing coal trucks.
There are also diseases which are not covered by this scheme and such diseases cannot be paid for.
The meeting was organized by the Greater Guwahati Buddhist Association.
At the same time, she invites all the residents to join hands and give their support so that we can make this village city where everyone can live, work and live.
AAY rice should be distributed at the price of 3 tyngka per kilo and they should get 35 kilos.
There have been 542 recoveries from the disease today and the total number of recoveries in the state has risen to 37579 so far.
On the other hand, Brother Carmo of the Bethany Society said that we don't see any objection to anyone but this decision of the government will affect the disabled people who use this road to escape. to the road bah.
The total number of deaths on the Jampani island in the Siang River has risen to 19, including 6 children.
Police have arrested these two persons from Tura today.
Therefore, in order to protect the lives and livelihoods of the residents, the JSU once again called for a 12 hour curfew on 12th June 2014, to force the government to implement this demand.
There are some areas where the post has been vacant for more than 3-4 years and therefore we feel that this Board should exist and that this appointment should be completed within 3-6 months to fill the these are not empty jobs.
: the heart is the food that builds the body.
Shillong, July 16: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Nongtyngur Unit has expressed its deep sorrow over the lack of attention of the companies to provide the network to five villages including the village. Nongtyngur, Nongkyndah, Lumwahniai, Ri-Massar and Nongeitniang.
In a statement sent by the SP of East Khasi Hills, it was said that on the night of the second day, there was an allegation that foreigners shot and killed a man in Nongmynsong.
In his speech, the Chief Minister praised the party for coming forward to surrender and this is an example for other rebel groups to come forward to surrender.
The complaint was registered under Umiam PS Case No. 46 (06) 2024 under Section 120B/506IPC/R/W Section 10/13/17/18 of the UAP Act.
He also suggested that the educational institutions can work for a strong relationship with the eastern and northeastern regions of the country to bring about harmony among teachers and students.
Shillong, Naiwieng 07: Dr Balajied Syiem, the Syiem of the Khyriem Hima, has said that the Hima Shyllong Festival is still going on.
The Highly Skilled Laborers and Standard Operating Procedures of the Labor Department, as mentioned above, besides creating a threat to the influx of foreigners, will further affect the area. fight against Corona Virus.
There are 28 cases in East Khasi Hills, 17 in Ri Bhoi, 1 in South Garo Hills, 8 in West Garo Hills and 1 in West Jaintia Hills. so far, there are 1616 people.
When the economy grows, it also brings comfort in the way of life.
Shillong has hosted such major tournaments in the past years as the North East Olympic Games 2022, the National Ranking Archery Tournament 2023 and the Senior National Table Tennis Championship
This was announced by Franky Kharumnuid President HYC Malki Circle.
They also met with the Chief Executive Officer of MeECL Jowai, West Jaintia Hills to discuss the excessive light outage in East Jaintia Hills.
Students and nurses from the Civil Hospital gave a talk in Khasi on the dangers of diabetes.
The CSWO urges the people to stand up against this action of the government.
He mentioned how Thomas Jones has improved the society of the Khasi people especially in the field of economy and education, because he believes that the preaching of the gospel of the Christian church will succeed only if the they touched the hearts of the people.
“This is the first time that the role of the Shramiks has been increased in the new Parliament,” he said.
He said these are the pictures of the places on an unprecedented moon and that this is the work of India.
This was done for the safety of the youths who ran in the area.
The Minister congratulated the Members of Parliament who introduced the Transgender Act.
There are 352 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 167 from West Jaintia Hills and 53 from West Jaintia Hills. there are 70479 people.
On seeing the incident, the policeman led by Ajay Chetri called out to other policemen while they were chasing the suspect. police have not been able to arrest him again until today.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The Secretary of the Jaintia Cement Manufacturers Association (JCMA) SK Rai on Tuesday said that they have no objection to any civil society organization. They are quick to talk about their business and when there is a problem.
The demand was supported by Bah B Khongwir, Under Secretary, Political Department, Government.
Speaking to reporters, Bah JJ Lyngdoh said that for about three years now, the residents of Lawmei Pdeng have appealed to the Syiem many times and also to the District Council. The Rangbah Shnong of the village should be renewed but the authorities did not believe ei ei, but it was not until the 3rd of last month that the High Court ordered that hold an election to elect a new Rangbah Shnong.
Besides, it was also explained how to give immediate treatment to the seriously injured so that they do not die and how to take them immediately to hospital for proper treatment.
There are now more than 30,000 applicants for this scheme.
It is to be recalled that Ri Bhoi District is also on the list of aspirational districts which means that there are still many shortcomings in the list of the Government of India.
At Laban Presbyterian Church, those who shouted Jai Shri Ram, those who shouted religious words to intimidate our fellow citizens who were sitting in church.
Shillong, November 01: The East Khasi Hills Under-19 Open Judo Championship (Boys & Girls) will be held from 16th to 18th November 2014 at the Indoor Sports Hall JN Sports Complex Polo Ground Shillong. Officer East Khasi Hills in collaboration with the Meghalaya Judo Association (MJA).
Furthermore, it is encouraging that 49% of Ayurshman cards are held by women.
It was informed to these Australian officials that at present there is a serious deficiency in the Constitution of India because these agreements by the rules of the Hima Khasi States have not been expressed or introduced or fulfilled. to this day.
The Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court was sworn in on 11/2/2024 by the Governor of Meghalaya in the presence of officials of the State Government and officers of the Meghalaya High Court.
Under the MDA government led by Conrad K Sangma as the Chief Minister, two hotels, Vivanta, which started construction in 1986, have been completed. The Marriott Court Yard has been opened under the current MDA government.
They also demanded that the government should declare 2021 as the Year of Farmers besides the implementation of the market intervention scheme and others.
Peace of life is essential in an independent India and we stand firm to ensure this peace of life.
We have approved but the money has not been released.
The Seng hopes that at some point we will achieve victory so that the people will be able to live in peace and breathe clean air, concluded the statement.
The Government will also strive to improve all the government houses outside the state, known as the Meghalaya Houses in Delhi, Mumbai and Kolkata. in Vellore because it provides accommodation to the sick.
The Prime Minister said it is surprising to see the allegations that the government is using force, but if there are people who force people not to leave their homes by doing things “I don't know if this is in accordance with the Constitution,” he asked.
Rasting Thabah Chairman of the KSUP, said that as a group, this is the third time that they have met with the political parties to discuss these issues. They have met with the PDF and now with the UDP and they will also meet with other parties.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: After the expiry of the 15 days deadline, members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Laban Circle on Friday morning went out to build houses for the Khasi people at Maxwelton Estate. , after other ethnic groups have been able to settle in this area which is still under the South Shillong Constituency.
Shillong, Nailar 19: The total number of COVID-19 positive cases in Shillong today has risen to 329, with 176 cases from East Khasi Hills and 176 cases from Ri Bhoi. 48 cases have been confirmed, bringing the total number of cases to
More than 80 new design centers have been opened in different parts of the country and 4 of them have been opened by the National Institute of Design (NID).
Prestone said that for those who come from the North Eastern States of India, the Home Quarantine is 14 days and for those who come from abroad. of North East have to observe 14 days and 14 days have to do it themselves and the total is 28 days.
The Minister said that Myntri Rangbah Duh, in his speech on the occasion of the 75th Independence Day of the Republic, said, “We stand firm for the development of the country, through new inspirations, understandings, new decisions, while the country is opening up great opportunities.
At this meeting, the Ministry of Home Affairs informed the Prime Minister that on the complaint of the KSU, the police today arrested five persons involved in the incident and registered a case against them. they.
Shillong, Niaiwieng 04: The Fisheries Department of the State Government of Meghalaya will hold a two day fish exhibition in Shillong on the 6th and 7th of this month at the State Central. library.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: The BSF troops on the border with Bangladesh have stepped up their patrols to ensure that no crime should spread on the border between India and Bangladesh.
Others who attended the ceremony were Raymond Kharjana Education Secretary, KSU President Ferdinand Kharkamni and other leaders from the KSU North Khasi Hills District. award accompanied by parents and family members.
The demand of the taxi drivers came after they went to the Sadar Police Station to seek clarification on the arrest of five foreigners who shot and injured two Khasi youths in Khyndai Lad. Two Khasi taxi drivers were shot dead on the 18th of this month by five foreigners, who were suspected to be drivers in Shillong.
At the meeting which started on Tuesday, the team of Bangladesh border guards was welcomed by BSF officers at ICP Dawki and Umpling BSF campus, Shillong.
At this meeting, these decisions were taken.
She took part in the 40th Mountain Climbing Competition of the North East Zone Sports Climbing Committee held at Kangla Rock Wall in Minuthong, Manipur.
At this meeting, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor from KHNAM was elected as the Secretary of ARPA. (SP News).
Speaking to reporters, Kenneth Shadap President of the union said that their demand is that the government should pay the salaries of Adhok teachers from LP Schools, Up Schools and Higher Secondary Schools. you have a deficit.
On the 20th June, 1921, the Khasi Free Morning School was founded at Mawkhar.
He spoke about the NarishaktiVandan Adhiniyam which has empowered half the people of the country.
The search operation on the border with Bangladesh in Mawsynram area is ongoing to track down people who are trying to enter Bangladesh.
However, the family members immediately informed the ASHA who immediately informed the CHC and an ambulance was sent to take her to the hospital in time. survive.
However, when the government needs it, it shows its power and controls the road, and recently you will see that the central government when it built the Delhi Mumbai express highway did not map the land. need.
Referring to the need for water wells for the development of water sources, the Minister suggested that the existing water supply systems should be strengthened to improve the drinking water supply systems.
Teinwell Dkhar has assumed the posts of General Administration, Forest Department, Law, Appointment and Transfer and others which have not yet been handed over to the EMs. to hold the budget of the KHADC and the administration of the Hima.
The deceased were laid to rest at the Police Reserve, while the injured were taken to Tura Civil Hospital.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) has selected the Diengpasoh Police Station as the cleanest police station for the year
Shillong, Lber 24: The filing of nomination papers for the MP elections to be held on the 11th of June will be held tomorrow morning. and one of the Congress party.
Shillong, Nailur 17: BSF troops today seized timber smuggled to Bangladesh at Gumaghat in South West Khasi Hills District.
The Rambrai MLA said that the complaint does not end within the MPHRC, but he will send the complaint to the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma, Home Minister James K Sangma and the MPHRC. Chief Secretary of the State, Meghalaya Women Commission.
At present, China has grown by 65 percent while India is still growing by 5 percent. If this is the case by 2030, China will be the largest country in the country. you are a great country.
In a letter sent to the Chief Secretary signed by Bah Peter J Lawai, President of the party, the party said that it is not against him but against the order of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. allowed to appoint a person over 60 years of age.
The Club won the most medals with 15 out of 16 participants.
Of these men, 7253 were regular and 693 were private, a total of 7928 males.
Shillong, Lber 06: The National People's Party (NPP) today announced the names of the 12 ministers who will take office tomorrow at the Raj Bahvan Shillong.
He said that he has helped the ULFA members in Bangladesh to reach India with the help of Indians.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that he has received the request of the UDP and has accepted and scheduled a meeting on the 5th of this month.
The request for funds from the Ministry of Home Affairs is still pending in the House to decide whether the House will accept or not which the House will discuss at the end of the session.
On the train number 15616, 1245 passengers were transported by helicopter to Silchar. On the other train, 204 passengers were transported by helicopter to Silchar. I left for Guwahati via Maibang.
Dear citizens, our country must move forward but the country today cannot wait for gradual development, we must take big steps, we must change our way of thinking .
The construction of these posts has opened the door for those who have been trained as nurses to work at this hospital.
The first death in the state was Dr Sailo, followed by a child from Arunachal Pradesh and two others died at NEIGRIHMS today. KM Syiem said that this year the Hima Nongkhlaw is ready to visit the tomb of Syiem Tirot Sing Syiem, the great Syiem of the Hima. Now.
They reminded that the Dorbar Shnongs, Raids and Himas have implemented many schemes of the Central Government, State Government as well as MDC, MLA and MP schemes. The implementation of the Acts and Rules of the Kur, Shnong, Raid and Hima Dorbars regarding the Administration, Khadar and Judiciary in the Khasi and Jaintia Hills Districts shall be expedited.
The Government of Meghalaya, even if it has amended the Meghalaya Residential Security and Safety Act, should continue to demand ILP from the Government of India.
Mark Laitphlang, Founder and CEO, Avenues Shillong and Jacqueline Audrey Swerna, PRIME Start-Up Hub, Meghalaya.
"“We cannot accept that statement.
However, what concerns us is that this Mission/Policy should not be just a document of the Government which is only on paper but cannot be implemented according to its intention.
Many of the households were sad when they learned that inside the fields there were still many insects but there were no more insects in the fields.
It is learned that the strike has been implemented across the state and in deficit and adhoc schools today teachers have not been able to teach, and this has happened across the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The Mawkynrew Constituency Football Club (MCFC) has held its first ever football tournament.
On the other hand, the residents expressed their gratitude to the Assam Riffle for providing this assistance.
This award is given to those people who help to save others from any injury.
The wind will bring heavy rainfall and wind speed will be between 30 and 40 km on the 16th and 17th of this month. until 18th 2024.
Samarjeet Gupta, 65, of Chapahati, PWD Colony, South West Garo Hills, has died today, bringing the death toll to
The competition will start from 2nd November
Referring to the problems faced by the Garo people in Assam, he urged those on the other side to follow the example of the former leaders. truth and can rise if you do so.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Prime Minister urged the students to be humble, at the same time he praised their achievements and this He said that it is from hard work and hard work at the same time that it is unpleasant to see that many have failed.
Shillong, Naitung 11: The audition for the 'Meghalaya's Got Talent 3' has started in Pynursla, Mawkyrwat, Mairang and Dawki.
The SP News Agency has issued an order to prepare for the opening of the new district in Mairang by splitting it from the West Khasi Hills District which includes two MLAs from the constituency. Mairang and Mawthadraishan.
In this speech, the Deputy Commissioners of the two districts were directed to put in order the names of the villages and it was also handed over to the MDCs in those areas where there is mutual interest to prepare the names. of the villages and once completed the Regional Committees will meet again.
Shillong, March 13: Miners who have received mining lease from the Meghalaya government are now facing the problem of not being able to shallan and this has happened since earlier this month.
The General Secretary of the Seng Kmie, Bah RB Thabah, said that at this celebration, those who have passed well from SSLC to Ph.D.
They were taken to Ranikor CHC for treatment and later to Shillong Civil Hospital for treatment.
The suspects were identified as Joshua Khiangte Tripura, 36, of Aizawl, Mizoram. The suspects were identified as Joshua Khiangte Tripura, 36, of Aizawl, Mizoram. and currently residing in Damchhara, Tripura.
This parable is a pyrtuit that has been created as a lyngwiar to gather, a turlang to gather thoughts in a seisap area and to flow together with a strong spirit of writing.
Only one thing I want one person to cast only one vote.
Speaking at the launch, the Governor of Manipur, Dr Najma Heptulla and the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Y.Khemchand Singh, praised the IBSD and the National Institute of Biotechnology” of the Central Government who have taken this important step.
The award for distributing food items to these villages is that during this curfew it has affected the livelihood of the people.
As the party, we have a responsibility to protect the indigenous people, because at present there are no laws to protect the illegal entry of foreigners.
The Prime Minister of India said that India is ready to work with anyone who is ready to build the path of peace, to fight against poverty, backwardness in education. and the sickness of sickness.
Even the softer parts of the branches and the main body of the leaf are eaten by the niangsaiddho.
The Hima Dorbar was convened on the 6th of this month, but the JAC did not accept this because the convening of the dorbar was only one and did not cause any trouble because the people of the District There were no persons to be the overseers so that they could submit the report to the Executive Committee.
Also present on the occasion were Dipayan Chakraborty, Secretary Arandati Paul and Rocky Hek.
“This initiative shows that you have become like those mothers of all the children who come to stay in your creche,” said the President of the organization.
The posts of Dr Mukul Sangma will be announced tomorrow.
Introducing this decision, the Chief Minister said that in 2016, the Central Government had introduced the Citizenship Amendment Bill, 2016 which the Government had opposed. the law could not be passed.
He said that security forces have been strengthened in Tura and police and other forces have deployed to 500 personnel so far.
Many others have managed to escape and police believe that many people have been injured in the attack.
The BSF seized a mobile phone and many other documents from him.
“I appeal to the voters to establish and not to believe such allegations which come out only during the elections,” said the State President of the NPP. The BJP has announced that it will not contest the Lok Sabha elections in Meghalaya on Tuesday. They came forward to express their full support to the Congress candidate Bah Vincent H. Pala.
“Therefore, as a responsible union, we request you to take action on this issue by talking to the higher authorities of the BSF so that the people can walk safely,” said the union.
This was announced in a statement sent by the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Central Executive Council today.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The Governor of Assam and Meghalaya, Banwarilal Purohit, has expressed his deep sorrow over the death of 17 people in a road accident in West Khasi Hills District, Meghalaya on Tuesday morning.
In recent months, the BSF has also arrested smugglers and a large amount of money from the India-Bangladesh border.
The distribution and supply of these materials to the states and UTs is a day-to-day affair.
Shillong, March 05: Leaders of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit led by Shibun Lyngdoh, Vice President JA Lyngdoh, David Kharsati and other office bearers of the party welcomed the leaders of the party. Governor Gangga Prasad after swearing in at Raj Bhavan.
The group was led by Linza Fenny Syiem and Arjun Sewa as teachers.
They said that through these festivals they will be able to produce more fish and also to encourage others to take up fish farming as an employment opportunity for them so that the state can get them. doh kha is not from the state.
In the classroom, 10/15 students are proficient and 90/80 students are average and below average students.
According to the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO), 10,33,249 voters turned out at the polling stations in Shillong and 6,72,286 in Tura.
This behavior of some people has caused enmity among the residents of the area, and has put in trouble the residents of Thyllaw village, in the coming and going of transportation and especially the sick. difficult.
Shillong, July 19: The Parish Pastoral Council of the Cathedral of Mary Help of Christian in its meeting held on the 18th of this month has discussed the media reports which have caused a stir. misunderstood.
He said that the complaints of the public about mobile theft are very widespread.
The Regiment has also demonstrated its skills in Operation Rakshak, Operation Rhino and Operation Meghdoot.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, said that he has directed the district authorities to send relief goods and distribute tins of household items to the affected families.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The Chairman of the Shillong Round Table 252, Arnav Chachan today said that the group has decided to build a school building for Mohan Massar at Mawprem. The project will be completed within three years.
Shillong, March 03: Air Marshal Dilip Kumar Patnaik today.
The Chief Minister has already said that the state government is ready to attend any meeting called by the government.
Upon learning of this, the family members rushed Bah Kyrmenskhem to Civil Hospital Nongpoh and after a while he died due to severe injuries.
On the opening day of the Synrai Session, the Minister in charge of Forests, James K Sangma, introduced the Meghalaya Forest Regulation (Amendment) Bill
New Delhi, Naiwieng 21: The French Ambassador to India, Emmanuel Lenain met with the Minister of State for Home Affairs, PMO, Personnel, Public Grievances, Pensions, Atomic Energy and Space, Dr Jitendra Singh and discussed projects in the North East.
“The JSU leaders have warned the government not to spend money only on festivals but to give money to the Jowai Municipal so that it can provide a suitable place to clean up Iaw Musiang and the city of Jowai as a whole. .
They demanded an increase in their salaries and recognition as full time employees. The Supreme Court has already ruled that the government should increase their salaries and recognize them as full time employees. they should be recognized as full-time employees.
He said that full utilization of 10% GBS for the North East is the way to rapid economic development.
The Meghalaya Games is one of the objectives of the Sports Policy.
The Umngot River is associated with human life.
Shillong, March 11: The National People's Party (NPP) President Conrad K Sangma today welcomed John F Kharshiing to the party and urged him to invite experts to join the party. the party to work for the state and the country as a whole.
To help for these small shops, the government has been looking for ways to connect with the vendors and recently it has partnered with Reliance Retail stores across the city. Guwahati to sell these products from Meghalaya.
Jiedlang Sana, Waheh Chnong of Tubekmaishnong, said:
Speaking as the guest of honour, Bah John F Kharshiing, Adviser and Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States, said that on the one hand, the BJP Government has worked quickly to fight against the 370 and the Instrument. of Accession of Jammu and Kashmir where the whole of India and Meghalaya have been involved in the Accession of the Government of India.
The public is requested to come and take part in the march where there will be speakers from the police, KRIPA, Meghalaya Aids Society, Sanker, VHAM.
There are 556 cases in the state, of which 445 cases are in East Khasi Hills, 97 cases in BSF, 71 cases in Army and 277 cases in civilians.
The Court said that the distribution of shini to the public should be improved so that the shini should not be too expensive . to dismiss the case and quash the decision of the High Court which was held on 25th June 2016.
Amit Shah said certificates were awarded to five PACSs from across the country including Maharashtra, Bihar, Jammu Kashmir, Uttar Pradesh and Andhra Pradesh.
Speaking on the occasion, Pyniaid Syiem said, “The unity among the various ethnic groups in the North East is due to the Sixth Schedule or the District Council which has empowered them to to maintain and strengthen through various provisions of the law that the MDCs can introduce a law that will be recognized to this day.
Kaushik Dutta, Head of FIEO, North East Region, India and Razveer Mohsin, DVP, Forex, also spoke on the occasion. , not from HDFC Bank and have nothing to do with it.
Speaking to media after the meeting, Bah Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, said that the meeting should not be convened by him but by the FKJGP. The meeting was attended by the KSU and MEMRIWU leaders. He said that this meeting was a fruitful one for the Minister in that they understand the problems of the government and the government also understands the problems faced by the workers. ask.
The NPP is still waiting for the decision of the party's election committee to issue the ticket for the 2018 MLA elections.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: Madanriting Police have received a complaint from Pried Nongrum that on the 21st of this month, someone broke the body of a newborn child near the toilet of the residents of Madanriting. .
If fully implemented, the benefits will be to the people of the state and not from private households as it is now.
300 youths will be selected to be sent to Japan to work as nurses and 200 as doctors and the NEC has announced to allocate funds for the construction of hospitals.
He said that many of them are using stolen government IDs from Assam and other states.
Answering questions, the DFO said that it is true that this month of April they have not issued shallan. he asked the government.
All Ministries and State Governments have been directed that while they have not received a certificate to verify the identity of the person, the various Governments who are to appoint the person should submit a letter. temporary appointment until approval from the relevant authorities.
She said that the Dorbar has decided not to allow women to speak on issues affecting the society. the right to expression and the right to equality.
The meeting was conducted by the Rangbah Shnong of Mawsynram, Bah AL Shangpliang.
Two deaths have been reported from East Garo Hills, 1 from East Garo Hills, 1 from East Khasi Hills, bringing the total number of deaths to 1006 people.
The Executive Committee will issue an order to the Hima Mylliem to ensure that there will be no more overnight stays in the shops in Iewduh,” said the CEM. The Khasi Pharmaceutical Council (KHADC) on Thursday distributed certificates and identity cards to Khasi pharmacists.
Dawki, March 14: Members of the VDP Dawki today arrested three Bangladeshis from Dawki village after suspecting their behavior inside the village.
Shillong, July 30: The North Eastern Hills University (NEHU) on Tuesday evening released the results of the B.Sc Sixth Semester on the website of the university. You have immediately left the website.
The tournament was inaugurated by the Project Director of DRDA East Khasi Hills, Bah T.Passah who was the chief guest.
During the meeting, the CEM of KHADC promised to the members of the HYC that the KHADC will not issue NOC. John Nongrum President of Ri Bhoi District in the presence of other members of the party.
After the meeting, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Titosstarwell, said that the District Councils in Meghalaya are concerned that the implementation of the UCC will affect the work of the District Councils in the areas. of the tribes, this will also affect the customs and traditions.
He said that whether he is in office or not in office, he will work for the people. It is because of the government's actions that they have been forced to go to court for protection.
Shillong, July 08: The desire to provide clean service along with development projects is the main goal of Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh which has come from the heart and mind of the Rangbah Leader. since this Rangbah has entered the Hima.
This approach encourages the building of partnerships with other countries," he said.
Shillong, Nailar 12: The President and General Secretary of the Shillong Press Club today lodged a complaint against the Facebook post in the name of Lester JK Ryngki in the group “Ka Sur u Paidbah”.
It is one of the most perfect units of the defense force contributing for the defense of the decision now for more than a century.
At this meeting, the Head of State Government inaugurated the BNRGSK and announced that Mawklot is a village where all the households have toilets. P. Sampath Kumar, Commissioner and Secretary, C&RD Department, Bah PS Dkhar, Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, Khurshid Ahmad, Secretary, Government of Jammu and Kashmir and Project Director. , DRDA, East Khasi Hills District, Mr. P.L.Lawai.
The competition was very successful in which the girls and boys showed their skills in this competition.
The government has already decided to set up nine new BPOs in Mukroh and Tihwieh in West Jaintia Hills, Mooriap in East Jaintia Hills and Rani Jirang in East Jaintia Hills. Ri Bhoi District, West Khasi Hills.
The police's ignoring of the village authorities shows that the police have no regard for the village customs and traditions of the Khasi Khara people.
Regarding the teachers, the KSU has written that the Government Boys HSS Jowai has one teacher in the following subjects: English, Khasi (MIL), Political Science, Education, Economics, History, Khasi (Elective). The Joint Director of Education has sent a letter to the LDA candidate. Regarding these posts, the Joint Director of Education has sent a letter to the government since 26th November 2021 to appoint teachers but the government has not done anything yet.
In this regard, the CoRP is deeply saddened by the government's neglect of Mawdem, Bilahari, Rajakhomai area for nearly 50 years, but has not taken action to improve and clean up this road which is about 10 km long. from Warmawsaw to Mawdem, especially these villages are located in the border area with Assam.
Other speakers on the occasion were Naba Bathacharjee, Kong Patricia Mukhin, Bah RG Lyngdoh, former Minister of Home Affairs and many other elders and mothers who attended the meeting. Condemn the incident which happened to Agnes and Anita.
Many new initiatives have been taken to celebrate the 77th Independence Day.
He said that the party will take action against foreigners who come to the party without providing documents and on that day, about 15 illegal immigrants were arrested. don't have a leaf.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The residents of Mawsynram Block on the other side of the Dolai River on the border with Bangladesh in Mawsynram Block have faced difficulties in transportation due to the lack of sub-way during the construction of the bridge. hang.
Shillong, Nailar 21: The NPP candidate Conrad Sangma today concluded his election campaign in 51-South Tura with a public meeting at Rishipara.
To ensure the smooth movement of vehicles, the East Khasi Hills Police have already arranged the traffic and parking spaces for the vehicles attending the funeral of Archbishop Rev Dominic. the sun is shining.
The maximum monthly expenditure for the KHADC is between T.60 lakh to T.70 lakh , while the monthly salary of the employees has reached T. .2.5 crores.
When the leaders of the Association met with the Treasury Officer on Tuesday to request him to release the salary as soon as possible, the Treasury Officer assured the leaders of KJDSTA that no matter what. He will release the funds to the banks on or before Thursday 25th of this month to relieve the suffering that the teachers have faced in these months.
Shillong, Nailur 27: The Special Police Station has received a letter from Risalin Diengdoh of Pyndengumiong village, Mairang. David Sylvester L Mawlong, 35, of Shillong, on 14/09/2018, has not returned home since then.
Speaking at the rally, Conrad said that Adokgre is a place that brings victory and his father when he started his election campaign he used to start from Adokgre and on his part he wants to continue. The NPP candidate Rupert Momin was also introduced to the public for the election from Kharkutta.
The purpose of this scheme is to draw, clean, put signs on wells, plant, install seats in public places, distribute permits and explain to the villages to understand, they were also explained what they had learned from the first part.
The rules pave the way for more transparency in the way training institutions operate.
This was stated by President June Jimmy Nongdhar in a statement sent today.
The residents want to see that the PWD will improve this road as announced by the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and now it is a pleasure that the Chief Minister and the Minister of PWD have come back. Prestone Tynsong, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, said:
Shillong, Lber 15: Opposition Leader Dr Donkupar Roy, while taking part in the speech of the Governor in the Legislative Assembly, said that the speech of the Governor should be changed because it did not mention ei ei regarding the unresolved border between Meghalaya and Assam.
The Rangbah Shnongs of Mawlai Nongkwar, Umthlong, Mawiong and Mawiongrim villages on Tuesday went to pray before the Minister of Public Health and Engineering (PHE) Marcuise N. Marak under the leadership of MDC Mawlai Constituency. Bah Teiborlang Pathaw to inform about the delay in completion of the water supply scheme through the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) at Lum Mawnei which draws water from the Lum Shyllong well.
But times are changing.
Marbood Kyndiah (HSPDP), and Ummulong Moodymmai,
It is estimated that the body of the child was placed inside the box for two or three days as the body had started to decompose.
About 200 people including children under 14 years of age attended the treatment. All the medicines were distributed free of charge to the people who attended the treatment. treatment either.
The HFU also demands that the government should implement a crop insurance scheme so that the farmers can benefit from such incidents when the natural forces destroy the crops of our farmers.
However, the ECI said that the statement does not apply to any children or mothers even if they are near the polling stations.
The death toll has risen to 9, 1 from East Jaintia Hills, 1 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from Ri Bhoi, 1 from West Jaintia Hills, 1 from West Garo Hills. a total of 771 so far.
Tanlum Secretary Mawbidong Village said in a statement sent to the media.
: It means the lyngwiar phrang; it is the power of understanding; it is the ability to store information in the mind; it is the ability to share information with others.
According to the Secretary, the Meghalaya Lokayukta has so far appointed casual employees who are paid monthly salaries according to the notice issued by the Labor Department of the State Government.
These rules do not have the power to restrict the peaceful residence of foreigners and criminals and cannot prevent the illegal entry of foreigners into our country.
Bah MH Dkhar said that the AJYWO would like to express its special gratitude to the CSWO under the leadership of Kong Agness Kharshiing who has taken a major role in helping this child. "This honorable and just decision of the Session Court, WJHD, besides giving justice to the child who has been raped, has also encouraged others. women and children who have fallen and also those who may fall into such a tragedy that the law and the courts exist and that justice stands equal in the end if we persevere and work hard.
The areas affected by the destruction of Cosmos Company pvt Ltd are near Umthe, Umpoh, Tongspo, Umsngad and other villages. Bankupar Sutnga for which the JHADC has not yet held elections.
The Seng always speaks the truth whether it is about the policies of the government, the issues of the Jaitbynriew or corruption and others, said Samla Pynshai Rani.
In the inspection led by the President of KSU Shillong Mihngi Circle, Samla Sonstar Nongkhlaw, it was found that up to 252 foreign workers who were brought in by the contractor did not have Work Permit.
Malabika has written to the government authorities in the state government and also to the central government urging that this place should be preserved as it is by recognizing it as a special place. that there is a legal dispute over this land.
Speaking to the members of the party after the end of the protest, the Chairman of COMSO, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, said that they will start working if the government does not do anything about it. The ILP will be implemented from the 12th of this month.
At the same time, the BSF also recovered from him an Identity Card issued to Dikki signed by Sohan D Shira, C-N-C of the group.
The group welcomes the proposal to allocate funds to district councils and Dorbar Trai Ri through Article 280 and urges to introduce it through Article
The group will respect the promise of the Chief Minister and is confident that the Government will act soon to complete this task.
The CSWO strongly condemns this action of the police who have lost their sense of humanity and this is a violation of human rights, said the CSWO.
Before this, we will visit the border dispute areas at the end of July or early May, together with the Prime Ministers,” he added.
We do not heat up anyone, but we do not allow it to have any effect on the integrity of the country and our right to self-determination.
Government officials from Amlarem Civil Sub Division were also present on the occasion.
: The Meghalaya High Court on Friday heard a petition regarding the allegation of irregularities in the age of appointment in the Police Department.
I will stay in the Congress and I will stay with the Congress only if the Congress expels me, that is, it will be for one reason but there is no reason for me to contest (from other political parties), " said Mr. Pala.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: There are 158 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 52 cases in West Garo Hills and 52 cases in West Garo Hills. 35, West Jaintia Hills 21, Ri Bhoi
It was in 2002 that the Central Government wanted to move the office to Guwahati but after their opposition, the office was moved to Shillong.
Shillong, July 22: The National Liberation Council (NLL) has called for a curfew from the 25th to the 26th of this month to protest against the celebration of the Republic Day.
G Mawlong (Vice President HYC-Sengkmie) and Samla Lsaac.
However, many of the promises of the District Leaders have turned out to be thylliej without shyiang. If the District Leaders make only promises without fulfilling them, how can the people of the District and the State as a whole trust them.
Ming told reporters that the club's joint venture with the company is to strengthen the I-League 2013-2 This season in the I-League, they will reach the seventh position.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma today admitted that it is true that the government has not yet allowed the export of jhur from Meghalaya.
These vehicles were funded by the Central Government through JNNURM to operate vehicles that are not used to transport passengers but now many of them have been set up and those in the area have turned into nightclubs. .
“We have agreed to amend this rule to allow the chairman to act without all the members and as there is no dorbar, an ordinance will be issued first,” he said.
Furthermore, the union says that the cooperation of you commercial vehicle owners has helped the union to eradicate the illegal immigration of foreigners (mynder ri or foreign nationals) who come to knieh ia. The rights of the people of Jaintia Hills, concludes the statement of JYF-EJH (SP News).
The Minister said that the meeting was held today only to take forward the talks and to finalize the border settlement between Meghalaya and Assam.
The MLA said that the truth is that in such celebrations, the government is to give the opportunity to the villagers to showcase their talents, but the At the same time, no Hindi songs were banned.
The release of water is if it has risen above the mark of the Umiam Dam which is in the middle of the flood, so the people living on the banks of the Umiam River are urged to be vigilant and they shall not turn aside to the rivers to avoid any calamity.
The decision to ban the operation of small four vehicles was taken by the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) to see how much traffic can be reduced along the road. street of GS Road.
The decision was taken by the Ministry of Home Affairs after observing the law and order situation in Assam and on the border with Meghalaya and Arunachal Pradesh.
The injured were rushed to Nongstoin Civil Hospital.
“In the past six months alone, the hospital has received up to 200 patients every day,” said Dr. Nomal Chandra Borah, CMD of GNRC Hospitals Ltd.
The main theme of the screening of these films is to provide an accurate understanding to the public of the consequences of uranium mining.
Vehicles heading to Lower Assam, Tripura and Mizoram will have to verify that the traffic will be as specified at the entry point at Umling in Ri Bhoi District.
Heding, Banker, Phyrnai, Fedrick, Gulshan, Lumtimai, Mana C Kharhunai, the group of sons of Skhendrowell Syiemlieh, the band. Bah Lamphang Syiemlieh and others will stir up our souls with their patriotic songs.
It is worth mentioning that the Hima Jyrngam Sirdarship Act 2005 was passed by the Khadc Council and was reaffirmed by the Governor in 2005, after a case in the High Court.
According to Bah Nongsiang, states like Assam, Kerala, Sikkim, Tamil Nadu and Goa have done provincialisation or the government has taken over and managed only the teaching profession.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that the state has tested positive for COVID-1 .
During the inspection, HUAM found that the wooden bridge is so bad that it is dangerous for the vehicles passing through the bridge every day. He said that the bridge has been shaken slowly by the traffic and it could collapse at any time.
On the other hand, Parliament will meet with all the Prime Ministers of India and the Governors of the States to request for their support in this struggle.
On this occasion, the BJP leader urged all the religious leaders from those who are still in the traditional religion to become Christians and Bhalang leaders to give their support to the BJP for bringing about the you are growing up in this state.
The Meghalaya District Welfare Department (KHNAM) has opposed the registration of ex-servicemen from Manipur and other states by the Meghalaya District Welfare Department.
It will open up new opportunities for those who have been trained in the fields and it is hoped that the facility will create about 3000 jobs.
Many students from Meghalaya have been cheated by such agencies.
However, the committee would like to inform that from now on, if there is any complaint from the residents, they need to understand the “LOCUST STANDI” because the square falls under the The boundary of the Village of Phudmuri and the property is, and should be, properly maintained.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The Mawbynna Festival 2024 will be held from the 22nd of this month to the end of this month. on the 24th of this month will be different from the festivals held in the past.
Regarding this work, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has already promised that the money is not a problem.
Shillong, Nailar 17: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma today inaugurated the Mawlai Police Outpost at Umshing Mawkynroh.
The police outpost has been transferred to the Anti Infiltration Check Post in Byrnihat.
He expressed his satisfaction with the way the Amrit Mahotsav has become a mass protest across the country.
Bah Baia said that he came forward to contest after seeing the plight of the constituency, by praising the work of the MLAs who have passed since Prof MN Majaw. SR Moksha, PW Muktieh, Donbok Khymdeit and JK Dorphang, while he did not comment on the incumbent MLA Dasakhiatbha Lamare.
Shillong, June 17: The Citizens Forum (HYC) Mawsynram Circle in collaboration with Samla Morgan Lyngdoh, General Secretary, today held a candlelight vigil at Mawsynram Station from 5 pm to 5 pm. The family of Kong P.Marbaniang, Mother and Bah B.Kharbani, Father, Kong P.Marbaniang, Mother and Bah B.Kharbani, Father, has lost their eldest son Banialam Marbaniang. 6 year old boy who was abducted by bloodthirsty robbers on 23rd November 2017 and brought back the body after being killed which was found in on the 2nd of this month at Mawsynram station.
“This rally is a victory in democracy,” he said.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Elton Cliff Warjri, President FKJGP East Khasi Hills District. All the office bearers were confirmed by Bah Dundee Cliff Khongsit. Congratulations to Bah Phylliewstar Lartang, President FKJGP South East Khasi Border Circle.
The MSKA would also like to thank all those who have been willing to help and contribute to the athletes of the state and may God bless them to have a healthy body and good income. kajih in all directions.
If the symptoms have disappeared after three days, go to the doctor. If the eyesight is blurred, the symptoms, the vision if they are low or slow, this order has been issued by the office. Dr. A Lyngdoh, DMHO, East Khasi Hills District.
These two medical colleges will act as hospitals where the government can send people for treatment.
Also present on the occasion were Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Roshan Warjri, Parliamentary Secretary, Additional Chief Secretary, PW Ingty, Iona R Sangma, Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya. Dipankar Ray, Executive Director, Oil Industry, Meghalaya delivered the welcome speech.
And others are government officials.
They also received demand letters from the GNLA. The new group was paid by the GNLA and former GNLA fund holder Reding T Sangma.
The world wants to join us.
He said that the union has received a complaint regarding the refusal of the Director to sign the noobjection certificate without first consulting the higher authorities even after the traders have paid the royalty. The GST and bid amount but the director immediately denied this allegation in front of the union leaders.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The Central Election Committee of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) today announced its MLA candidate for the MLA elections to the Legislative Assembly to be held on the 27th of July. 2/2023 this month.
The Minister said that if they refuse to stop, they cannot be forced.
Furthermore, through this statement, he urged those who are present to come forward and join hands with the party to provide assistance to the Paradoh who need assistance, concluded the statement.
During the search, the ANTF seized a mobile phone, a blue plastic bag and 17 boxes of heroin weighing 235.77 grams. Superintendent of Police (City) Bah Vivek Syiem.
Other documents in the possession of the CBI in connection with the PE2(A)/2011-SHG investigation should be handed over to the Muktiar and sent to the Superintendent of Police, CBI, Shillong.
Other construction projects include the construction and maintenance of the road at Upper Lumparing at a cost of Rs1,38,70,0
Police have registered a complaint against the woman who was arrested today. Police have registered an ejahar in connection with the incident. and Sardar Police Station under the provisions of the NDPS Act.
The SSA teachers have been facing many difficulties in supporting their families and when they go to school they have to borrow money to complete their studies. their roles as teachers.
The examination will be held on 14/12/2022. If there is any complaint, it will be given only three days from the closing date of submission of applications. The petition was signed by the General Secretary of the HYC, Bah Roy Kupar Synrem.
Besides the prizes and awards, a Computer Set will also be awarded to those who score the highest marks in various categories.
He said that amidst these current circumstances, students should not be put at risk just for the sake of examination.
All agreed that there should be a house for the Mawsynram people in Shillong.
According to sources, the demand of the MDCs of GHADC to extend the term of the dorbar is on the grounds that there is a Bill in Parliament to amend the Sixth Schedule and if changed, it will increase the number of members of the House.
The NPP said that the passing away of Bah Kalwing is a great loss not only to his family but to the party as a whole.
Shillong, Nailur 06: It is necessary to draw from the village languages ​​from all over the region and villages in order to enrich the Khasi language and to unite all the languages ​​into one central language.
At this meeting, the Women's Congress urged Dr. DD Lapang to return to the Congress Party.
Professional tax is levied only on office workers, company workers and shopkeepers.
Prime Minister Duh stressed the responsibility of all MPs to work together to achieve the goal of building a prosperous and trustworthy India.
The complaint has already been sent to the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District to express their opposition. M/s Star Cement Ltd. has been appointed.
