The wreath laying ceremony was led by KSU JHDU President Samla Ohibait Dkhar, Finance Secretary KSU JHDU Samla Nangaibormi Sutnga and other members and leaders of KSU JHDU. The body of each of these youths was found in Iongpiah, Jowai.
This was a mistake at that time which has not been corrected to this day.
During the discussion, it was agreed that the cows that have been examined by doctors should be inoculated with Tika in the neck of the cows, but to verify whether they are free from diseases is not possible but does not help to prevent .
The student union does not agree with the extension of the light switching hours as it affects the studies of the students in the preparation of the books.
The KSU strongly condemns this bias of the Assam government and demands that other parties should be allowed to speak out on the resolution of the border issue.
Shillong, Nailar 21: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) South West Khasi Hills District today in a statement supported the demand of the KSU Nongtrai and Lafarge Umiam Mining Pvt.
In his speech, the IG BSF said that the lack of security in some areas has led to many crimes in which thieves and robbers have committed many crimes. kind.
Shillong, Lber 05: The screening of the film 9-Lad has resumed at Bijou Cinema today after it was suspended due to the curfew imposed by the state government in parts of Khyndailad and also in parts of Khyndailad. Market.
The suspect was identified as Md. Kamil Ahmed, 21, resident of Donachera, Sylhet. He was handed over to Umkiang Police Station for further investigation.
Shillong, November 17: The people of Garo Hills including various civil society groups have urged the ANVC(B) to lift their curfew on the 20th of this month. On the 1st of this month, the group was known as the People's Movement for Democratic Rights (PMDR).
The reason for this demand is because the work on the land is still in turmoil.
The distribution of the leaflets started from Motphran where the people accepted and requested to receive the leaflet on the Inner Line Permit.
N.Syiem Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC to appoint a CBI team of inquiry into this case and as the Seng will follow up to reveal all the facts in which the Seng will “We will also demand that all those involved be punished when the time comes,” said Bah Palwanbor Syiem, Vice President of FKJGP Central Body.
That he gave that bapli.
Therefore, we have requested the Minister to look into this and to give a little exemption to the Adhoc Schools. Shillong, July 3 : The Superintendent of Police (MTET) Shillong, July 3 : The Superintendent of Police (MTET) on Tuesday, July 3, 2013 at 12 noon , A man named Bah Pynsuklang Khongwir (38 years old) has died in a house fire in Lumkynsai, Smit.
We hope that your Government will take these agreements seriously and fulfill their commitments by making a mutually respectful arrangement.
The KSU will take action against the employers who are allowed to bring in foreign workers without proper documents as they are the ones who encourage and violate the Inter-state Migrant Workmen Act. Act 2011 which contains its provisions.
There are 62 recoveries from East Jaintia Hills, 5 from East Jaintia Hills, 46 from East Khasi Hills, 6 from Ri Bhoi, 2 from South West Khasi Hills, 1 from West Garo Hills and 2 from West Jaintia Hills. to 14446 people.
Shillong, November 27: The Election Commission of India (ECI) officials in charge of the expenditure of the elections will hold the MLA elections in June I'm going to Shillong.
The CoRP urges the residents of Block-II to have a spirit of brotherly love to bring peace and stability in the area, which is in the middle of the conflict between Assam and Meghalaya.
The MLA said that Meghalaya relies on the assistance from the Central Government in terms of funding, so the State has been affected by the lockdown to prevent the spread of COVID-1 .
Answering questions, he said that no answer can be given at present as the HNLC has withdrawn from the peace talks last night, but the HNLC urges the HNLC not to continue peace talks with the state or central government.
“In the past, there were no offices and now we see them.
On the other hand, the residents of the area have turned by force to break the roadblock by the police and the police have also fought to stop the blockade. The DC, seeing this incident, stopped the public hearing.
The reason why these two persons were lighted up is still unknown.
JD Rymbai was born in
Shillong, November 13: The President of KHNAMu, Bah Pyndap Saibon today announced the first list of candidates for the MDC election
New Delhi, July 24: The Union Minister of State for Urban Affairs, Babul Supriyo, on Tuesday said that the Central Government has set a target and decided to provide housing to the poor in the country. He said this while speaking at the Human Settlements-Planning and Design Conference “A Shared Understanding”.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: ASHA workers of Meghalaya today held a march in Shillong to demand that the government should recognize them as government employees. The CPI office is located at Thanad Road.
"Manav Subodh, Founder and Chief Mentor, 1M1B, said, “We are proud to partner with the Government of Meghalaya to set up 1M1B Green Skills Academy in the state.
Also present on the occasion were KSU Education Secretary Pynkmenlang Sanmiet, KSU Delhi Unit Leader Nicholas Chyrmang.
The incidents that have occurred are that the parking lot is not enough and they have to park openly just because they cannot run quickly to work on time or even to go to school.
Meanwhile, Tura MDC Bernad N Marak of the BJP did not vote for the Speaker of the House, while in the election for the CEM of GHADC, he cast his vote for the Speaker of the House. Benedict R Marak has been nominated by the GHDC.
He said that there are many others but the board has taken this decision because it has to consider others who have worked for a long time with MeECL who have worked before 2004 which the board wants to confirm. your work is theirs.
Police of Ri Bhoi District led by A.Sangma every day went to distribute food.
Shibun Lyngdoh President of the BJP Meghalaya Unit laid the wreath in the presence of government officials.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Executive Committee of Bah Titosstarwell Chyne of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today took a strong decision regarding the political affairs within the Elaka. three kingdoms.
General Secretary Bhalang Nongrum, Cultural and Environment Secretary Shanbor B Ryntathiang,   Asst Cultural and Environment Secretary  Arten Wahlang, Sports Secretary Kitbok L Mairong ,Asst  Sports Secretary Teibor Marbaniang,Information Secretary Kitborrary Kwin, Jain Kit, Edbocr Transport Secretary Secretary Monsing Wahlang.
The arrest of the drug dealer was made by the police who were present at the Polo Market, when they suspected that he was walking upstairs. The searchers seized the drugs and charged him under the NDPS Act.
The opening ceremony was attended by Samla Biangbor Lyngdoh Paliar (Vice President KSU-CEC) in the presence of Samla Klinstar Shabong (Asst Organizing Secretary KSU-CEC), Samla Sonstar Nongkhlaw (President KSU-Shillong MIHngi CIRCLE). Members of the circle and different units.
The Minister of Public Works and Highways said that the Central Government wants to see that this railway line will succeed, but it will be with the consent of the people as the Government will not do anything against it. the public.
Shillong, Nailur 19: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) has demanded that the Meghalaya government should withdraw the environmental clearance for the open cast mining of uranium in the state. 422 hectares of land in Mawthabah and Domiasiat which the MoEF has approved since December,
The land is about 2.5 acres and this was decided today to move the residents of Iew Mawlong to the land where there are Municipal houses which have already been built earlier.
The Union of Chief Executive Members has met face to face with former Prime Ministers three times.
Five deaths have been reported from East Jaintia Hills, one from East Jaintia Hills, one from East Khasi Hills and one from South West Khasi Hills. to 931 people.
During the investigation, it was learned that the young woman had been sent to West Bengal.
In the permit issued to hold the public meeting, the District Administration said that there has been a discussion on the issue of rights in the public administration of the district. They have the right to hold public meetings.
On the other hand, the police have taken the plate and taken it to a place where they can check what is in the pla. in this place.
Shillong, March 14: The Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) has scheduled to hold a public hearing on the 19th of this month to protest against the decision to take over the land of Star Cement. The office of the 6-Village Wah Association together with the Sonapyrdi Tourism and Economic Development Society (SWWA) today lodged a complaint with the Secretary of Pollution.
Shillong, March 31: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills today said that it has received complaints from many people that there are gates to collect money on the highways of India and the state. as well as those under the East Khasi Hills District.
Vehicles can also drive through the road as well.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Congress (HNP) has thanked the Ministry of Home Affairs, the people, Rangbah Shnongs and other civil society groups for their support to the party in holding the Protest at Jantar Mantar.
The implementation of these new machines will start from Sardar Police Station and Madanryting Police Station and once completed they will be implemented in other places.
The MPHRC said that if the allegation against the hospital authorities is true, this incident is against human rights, said Bah Pynskhem Syiemlieh, spokesperson of the MPHRC.
The PDF leaders also introduced their candidates, who attended the ceremony including two women, Grace Mary Kharpuri (MDC) and Sarita Lyngdoh. Nongpiur, wife of Founder S Cajee.
Regarding the NESO's opposition to the Central Government's proposal to introduce the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill, 2016, it has been going on since 2016 and NESO has also met with the members of the Joint Parliamentary Committee. (JPC) to express their opposition to the Bill.
The injured were rushed to Tura CHC for treatment while the body of Dechrang T. Sangma was rushed to the morgue at Ampati DM&HO. (MSOA) in collaboration with the Department of Sports and Youth Affairs, Government of Meghalaya, announced the launch of the Elite Pathway Training 2nd Camp, which was held at 17th and 19th July at JN Stadium, Polo Shillong.
The arrested person has been identified as Chingkam Ch Marak.
and 100(1) of the reputed international journal `Zoosystematics and Evolution’.
This special police force was set up so that the state should have a special police force to fight against insurgents and to deal with mass protests.
In accordance with the recommendations of the Committee, BIS has looked into the provisions where helmets are expected to be made more rigid.
However, non-Khasi who have Khasi husbands if they do not have Professional Tax or their employees to have Labor License, we also have to close (the shops) and we will not allow to open," he said.
The union questioned whether the company has waited until the traffic jams in the area to improve or how it intends to improve, because until now there has been no sign of improving the area. just improve or cleanse others who don't need it.
The resignation letter was sent to the President of the HSPDP Central Body on 1st November. The HSPDP Youth Wing Central Body (HSPDP) has admitted that his resignation as President of the party has no reason but his resignation from the party is due to many problems if he continues. “It is true that the foundation is good, but we see that it is too difficult for us to strengthen the foundation to go to the people.
Therefore, the shopkeepers should take all necessary measures to ensure that there will be no violation of the distance rules in front of their shops.
In addition, it was also decided to select some skilled teachers who have been dedicated to the development of their culture for the purpose of appointment as teachers to be recognized by the Central Government with awards according to their outstanding achievements. of those who are wise.
The HYC-Sohra Circle expresses its anger to see that the police are quick to search and arrest members of the Sengbhalang when there is any incident.
Dr. Tej Wundawalli, Asst Professor, Department of Hospital Administration, gave a PowerPoint Presentation and a documentary, which was well received by the audience.
Speaking in the House on the decision of the CEM of KHADC to transfer from KHADC to UKHADC, he said that the District Council was established under the Sixth Schedule in which was known as the United Khasi-Jaintia Hills District Council by including the lands of the foreigners and the 25 kingdoms of the Khasi chiefs.
To prevent this, the police have warned the buyers as the purchase of these items is like encouraging the thieves.
Among those who have been affected by this natural disaster, there are some who have lost even their clothes and belongings due to this incident. The residents of Hynniewtrep, the private sector, various civil society organizations, NGOs, various leaders, the party requests you to visit or support these refugees.
The oath of allegiance was arranged and conducted over many days so that many people could take part in the oath.
The village where these 24 households live is named Don Bosco Village and it is opposite the beautiful mountain range and this place is very beautiful.
According to the figures released today, the number of recoveries has risen to 542, while the total number of recoveries has risen to 39,9
This will work from 01.
Manbhabok said that the Kharraswai Kur of Kynrang-Lawbah Zone have been urged to send their documents especially the zerox marksheets and the mark sheets issued from the pulr centres. The Chairman and Secretary of the Kur will be appointed on or before 31st July 2017, said Bah Manbhabok, General Secretary of the Kur Kharraswai Kynrang-Lawbah Zone.
This move will take forward the efforts of the Government of India to maintain peace and stability in Manipur.
The claim that Meghalaya is a transit point for the North Eastern States does not stand, because that transit will be without interference even if the ILP is implemented, that is, transit without ILP; Likewise, the Garo people don't need to get ILP, that is, they are like us.
“Mr Rangbah Duh concluded his speech by congratulating the athletes on their Vijay Yatra and congratulated them for their future endeavours.
However, the Karbi Autonomous Council has not yet sent the letter... he asked when it will send the letter and said that if this is the case, it is too early to reach peace.
Those who are eligible for the 2nd Award should submit their certificates before 18th June to the Education Secretary of KSU North Khasi Hills District.
Speaking to media, Bah Nongtnger said that police have registered a case on the incident and the investigation will continue before arresting the people involved in the burning of the two vehicles. They were arrested at the Laitumkhrah Police Station.
On the other hand, the Congress party congratulates the people of the state who have given their support to the party in all these years and hopes that they will continue to support the party especially in 2023 when the state will leave. to the election to elect the leaders of the House.
M.Anthony, Nursing Superintendent Downtown Hospital, Assam, Dr.B.Bhagabati, former teacher, GMCH, Assam and Dr.A.Nongpiur, Asstt.
He urged Bah Nel Antonio War MDC of KHADC who is also EM and Bah JA Lyngdoh former Minister of State Government to work hard to bring victory to the party in this MDC election. half-season.
On the other hand, the Seng expresses its regret to see that the Government itself protects its own people even though it knows that they are doing wrong.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister promised in front of the church leaders that the government will extend its hands to help those in need.
In this tournament, the team from East Khasi Hills won the women's and men's category.
“I announce that the peace rallies held in the districts have ended today and from now on it will no longer be a peace rally but a protest rally.
About 1500 people attended the performance, which was attended by Father Marius Thongnibah, Rangbah Shnong Mawlai Phudmuri, Bah Sylvester Kurbah and Minister in charge of Bah RV Lyngdoh. Urban Development Works of Meghalaya who was also the chief guest these days.
The remains have been taken to NEIGRIHMS for further investigation.
The Chief Minister, Sniawbhalang Dhar, in the presence of two Government Ministers, Bah Paul Lyngdoh and Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, and the Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Teiborlang. Pathaw, Hamletson Dohling and Commissioner & Secretary of Arts and Culture Fedrick Kharkongorha on Thursday visited the prison where Syiem Tirot Singh was imprisoned in Dhaka, Bangladesh by the Foreign Government.
Shillong, March 07: Joycy Lyngdoh, 35, from Meghalaya, has won the title of being the first female truck driver to work with Amazon. to do the work of men.
In Shillong, those who are still holding the naimtre have completed the rituals during these days and now it is a celebration before the day of the ritual of throwing the Rot at Aitnar in Jowai.
Students actively participated in the program.
The Government has done everything possible to bring Federal schemes to the people.
This happened after the land vendors from Mawiong and other villages decided to resume selling at Ryndangbriew View Point which is still within the boundary of Mawiongrim village.
The Prime Minister's claim that the MRSS Act will be like the ILP is completely wrong.
On the other hand, the President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, Bah Shibun Lyngdoh, said that the Congress-led government in the state has not been able to work and alleged that there is corruption. For this reason, they have to hold their protest by sitting quietly.
Many of the tourists who visited this place to see the Khasi houses in different kingdoms were surprised to see the destruction of the houses of the years in this place, and the question that I don't know who is the owner of this land because he doesn't have any improvement to the households.
It is clear that all the MLAs involved in the drafting of the MRSS Act, 2016 do not believe that Meghalaya is a Schedule Tribe State because they do not mention Article 19 (5) but only Sub-Section (3) of Section 17 of the MRSS Act,
Dr Anuradha Sridhar, while talking to reporters in Shillong, said that 41 percent of the children in India have diseases. disease in children will be achieved a strong country is necessary to take good care of children.
An existing or newly started educational institution overseeing the provision of education or research in specialized fields and attending to the needs of the country or working for the maintenance of the deiriti India or environmental protection or those looking into skills development.
Other speakers at the meeting were UDP President Bindo M Lanong and HSPDP Fanela Lyngdoh. The meeting was conducted by Metbah Lyngdoh.
: The Maternal and Child Health (MCH), Jowai and the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society, Shillong on Tuesday launched the Integrated HIV/AIDS screening test among poor women. Counseling Testing Center (ICTC) at MCH Hospital, Jowai.
Shillong, Nailar 30: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne today inaugurated the CCTV camera inside the market to curb theft and various crimes. This happened from time to time in Iewduh, which made this holy market famous.
There have been 354 recoveries from the disease today, bringing the total number of recoveries to 42,0
According to a source sent by the police, the mother has been selling on the street and in this selling of kwai dong she has been doing these activities and this is a new way that the traffickers have been selling kwai dong. they have done it.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the government will purchase electric buses to operate in Shillong and other parts of the state. and other common buses.
Regarding the KHADC, it was said that the KHADC has also agreed to hold the election and the letter written to the government saying that they do not want to hold the election has been accepted by the KHADC. The Cabinet meeting today has decided to hold the mid-term MDC elections and the letter will be sent to the Governor for approval. the day of voting shall be long.
Hoping is also the MLA of Nongstoin Assembly Constituency.
“We would also like to ask on what basis the Business Advisory Committee (BAC) has set only three days.
The winners of the marathon, quiz, essay writing and painting competitions were also awarded prizes.
Robert General Secretary of the party said that the party wants to implement the ILP by implementing the Eastern Bengal Regulation Act 1873, where the state government can make the ILP. The Congress government in Manipur during the tenure of Ibobi Singh and the present BJP government in Manipur are also ready to implement the ILP. The party has made it clear that it has no objection to other Indians in entering and leaving the country, but their wish is to prevent their entry and exit in the country. This state, because to protect one's own nation, there is no obstacle, even the struggle for one's own state has been based on the protection of one's own nation.
Shillong, November 08: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that he has received the reports of the two Regional Committees, West Khasi Hills and Ri Bhoi District. you have to read the report.
In his speech, Bah Dorphang said that other blessings that the region has received are the leadership of the Prime Minister, Dr. Mukul Sangma last year to visit the The Prime Minister has allocated Rs 5 crore for the construction of the 13 kilometer road which has been badly damaged for 10 years. and with the assistance of the government, he has also been able to raise Rs 1.17 crore for the construction of a Multi-Facilitation Centre.
In 2022, the BSF seized 3481 cows while trying to smuggle them into Bangladesh. The BSF has been fighting hard to curb smuggling at the border.
The incident took place at Nengsa Wakse near Bajengdoba in West Garo Hills district.
At the present training center in Laitumkhrah, they can run only four branches, three in science and two in arts. In science, Physics, Chemistry and Mathematics and arts.
It is worth mentioning that the villagers have been affected in many ways where they are on the verge of losing their ownership. so that they can preserve their own customs and traditions and their own identity.
Lakador Syiem SP of West Jaintia Hills District has been transferred and appointed as SP of Anti Infiltration.
Shillong, Iaiong 27: The Central Government has set a target to build gas pipelines to all the North Eastern States by 2030 in all five North Eastern States.
Speaking as the chief guest, Zenith Minister in charge of Sports said that the school has been funded through the ADB. Salmanpara Secondary School falls under the Zikzak C&RD. Block of SWGH District.
He said that there is a saying that “if we forget our great men, the nation will disappear”. The Meghalaya Legislative Assembly has taken a decision to include the Khasi language in the fifth schedule.
On the other hand, Verma said that Saleng A Sangma Independent MLA from Gambegre Garo Hills has become an Associate Member of the NCP and this shows that the NCP will continue to grow in the state. .
He said that in the mind there are those who think far and those who think far but both have their own basis. He said that as it is now it is the hard work of the party branches in the villages. , was chosen to join the UDP party because it was on 6th November 1960 that the first national party of the APHLC was formed. Other speakers on the occasion were Dr. Jemino Mawthoh general The meeting was conducted by the Working President of the party, Paul Lyngdoh, CEM of KHADC, MLAs and MDCs of the party.
The IFFI is not only a showcase of filmmaking skills but also a celebration of the importance of deititi.
The union expresses its anger that the state government has used force to suppress the voice of the people and our land rights as a separate nation.
When investigated, it was found that these mynder had been in the forest area for a long time and had been staying in the area since October.
Shillong, July 06: The Mawsynram Constituency Development Society (MCDS) has demanded that the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) should urgently convene a special session to approve the proposal. Speaking to u SP News Agency, Diralson Dkhar, President of MCDS, said that the party supports the position of KHNAM. The AD Rule should be amended to prevent foreigners from voting in the MDC elections to protect the sovereignty of the jaidbynriew.
Replying to a supplementary question by Bah Meralborn Syiem on the 23 villages in Ri Bhoi, the Minister said that he will take action to look into this brought by the MLA of Nongpoh. .
In his speech, he said that they should be respected without any feelings because they too have a great responsibility for the society. life as human beings should be protected.
Youths who wish to take part in the competition for recruitment must bring their necessary documents. If found guilty, they will be arrested and punished according to the law. law.
The construction of the college building has been divided into three parts to prevent severe damage in the event of a major earthquake in the state.
The arrival of the police at midnight has shocked many of the relatives of the members especially the children.
Members of the HPC who attended the meeting included the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, Deputy Speaker Timothy D Shira, Minister in charge of Water Resources, Renitone L Tognkhar, Shillong, Jym 24: Bletsing Sun, Interim President of the Sun Sakpoh Kur, will hold a meeting with the Minister of State for PWD Building. The Kur on Saturday at St. Paul HSS Marbisu urged all the Kurs to attend this second meeting after 100 years.
Lalnunpuia will soon take part in several Free Demo Cum Coaching Camps in Judo which will be held in several districts of Meghalaya as part of the efforts to encourage youngsters to attend these Judo Camps. The Meghalaya Judo Association through the District Sports Officer.
Dr Mukul said they are talking about some schemes in which it has been published with clear writings to milk MeECL at the expense of the state and one of them is the Ganol Hydel Power Project which they have implemented. These are the many development projects that have been implemented and will be implemented.
That many examples.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The Rajiv Gandhi National Institute of Youth Development (RGNIYD) in collaboration with the Nongkrem Youth Development Association and the office of the Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan, Shillong, has conducted a five-day training. at the Office of NYDA Training Centre, Nongkrem from 28th Jan 2013 to 1st Feb
We will continue to improve and hopefully we will be able to hold more international events.
Regarding the PHC which has been rebuilt in Lawbah, he urged the government to implement this health center. If it is opened, it will help the people of the area.
Shillong, Nailar 01: In order to tell, remember and mark the important information related to the Shnong Mawlai and will be shown in vivid pictures of the past and the origins of the Shnong.
It expresses the spirit in Meghalaya like on the market day when people go to the market not only to buy and sell.
The award was presented by Kazi Rozi, Member of Parliament of Bangladesh, along with other prominent figures and poets of Bangladesh.
On the other hand, the MLA has fought as hard as he can to provide tin sop iing to these households who have been affected by the natural disaster, as many of the households have lost their roofs. because of the fall of the cold.
This shall be replaced by the opening of loans for the start-up of new manufacturing, service or trade and agricultural activities by skilled or qualified persons. still learning.
Speaking to reporters after the launch of the Go Green Campaign, he said the Supreme Court of India has appointed a committee to investigate the incident.
: it means the lympen that doesn't grow; it's the outer part of anything.
He said that this is only a delay in the evacuation of these people from Mawlong Market.
Chyne said.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The water supply through the PHE to the water tanks in the areas under the Shillong Municipal has been stagnant for two days. wash equipment in the house per year.
Rangbah Shnongs from all these areas came to witness the match.
In this regard, the CEO of JMB urged all the residents to collect the garbage in their homes, whether it is rotten or not. and the people shall not throw garbage in the streets or in the streets.
Sadly in front of the people of India, they are accused of corruption, avoid corruption, do what is necessary, don't punish the corrupt and don't release the corrupt.
Before the burning of the tyngshop, a short meeting was held in which speeches were delivered by the Headman of Shella Village, Bah Readerforce Sarubai. He also informed that he is ready to cooperate with the Seng on this issue.
The Bangladeshi man also admitted that he came to India on 23 Feb 2020 according to his passport and has been stranded in India due to the lockdown.
The JSU urges the public not to provide bank account numbers, ATM numbers, CVV codes and Pan numbers as these people can steal money through computers or technology. thok who are now.
Police have arrested Sabir Jyrwa, 31, and Phrang Warjri,
The inability of the PHE to distribute water has put the people in trouble and they have had to buy water.
Besides being a lover of traditional music, Kong Silbi has participated in many programs organized by the Department of Arts and Culture in collaboration with the North East Zone Cultural Center across the country. India.
", said Mr. MH Dkhar.
In her speech, the teacher said that the 7-year-old girl was killed by her family member. fight against it, that such things may not happen again.
Shillong, July 29: The robbers have robbed the State Bank of India (ICAR) in Ri Bhoi District by cutting off the deposit box with gas welding. more than 11 lakh tyngka.
In the midst of these problems, the BSF has worked hard to fight against these criminals in the smuggling on the border with Bangladesh.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: Answering a question by Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit regarding the illegal trade, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said that only one complaint has been received so far.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: Manipur and Arunachal Pradesh will face each other in the final of the 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022 for women. Polo.
The SDSEOs were asked to collaborate with line departments to arrange logistics.
In 2012, he was elected as the Assistant Organizing Secretary of the KSU CEC under the leadership of Daniel Khyriem and Auguster Jyrwa.
Shillong, Naitung 06: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek today said that 8 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District today. Two of them are BSF personnel, one is from Green Wood Resort in Assam and one is from Shillong.
He also informed that the Admit Cards will reach the students of the State on the morning of 14th July, 2023 to sit for the CUET examination on the 16th July, request them to prepare the necessary to travel to the examination centers besides finding accommodation in the States where they have to write the examination.
Additional Chief Secretary PW Ingty, Principal Secretary RV Suchiang and many government officials from various parts of the country were also present on the occasion. to witness this meeting which was held at the jhur market.
The road from Baghmara to Maheshkhola is about 73 km long and the road from Baghmara to Panda is 18 km as it is under the jurisdiction of the Forest Department.
MLAs and MDCs of the Congress party were also present on the occasion and expressed their willingness to work hard for the party to bring a glorious victory in Shillong, Nov 25: Dr Mukul Sangma today met with 11 MLAs who have left the Congress party and announced that they have left. The reason is that the Congress party as the opposition party in the country has not fulfilled its duty as the opposition party.
The Minister also outlined the steps taken by the Government to build various facilities in the state for higher education and Professional Courses.
Therefore, the union urges that it should be ensured that these soldiers do not leave the camp to avoid future consequences.
The Buja ceremony in Shillong started on Friday and Hindu devotees have flocked to the pandals to visit them from one place to another amidst the heat to complete the ceremony. you niam you hand.
We have provided more subsidies to these states in the northern region.
Shillong, March 21: Ka Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today displayed banners around Shillong city stating that the Begalis in Meghalaya are Bangladeshis. From Motphran to Police Bazar to Laitumkhrah.
At this meeting, the Nonia community has submitted a petition to the Governor of Meghalaya who has attended the meeting as the chief guest. Assam.
The two illegal coke plants were destroyed under the supervision of the Additional Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills, Bah J. Shylla. Board (MSPCB) and the District Commerce and Industries Centre.
Nongpoh, July 10: The Ri-Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) Umsong Unit, through its president, Samla C Thangkhiew, has announced that the World Cup will be held in a few days. request MeECL not to turn off the electricity at this time without delay as it is a game of countries in the world and all the people want to watch.
On the other hand, the DC has sent these letters to the government.
The Governor said that religion is to teach man to do something good. In ancient times people asked why they are on this earth, where they came from and where they are going.
According to a statement sent by the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills Rituraj Ravi, the child has alleged that he was raped by the girl.
The meeting was conducted by KSU War Jaintia Circle.
Shillong, Nailur 06: The Election Committee of the United Democratic Party (UDP) will meet tomorrow morning to discuss the party's MLA candidates for the upcoming MLA elections.
The Rangbah Shnong of Sohphoh, Nartiang Constituency, Bah Mutshwa Thabah, in a meeting with reporters at the Shillong Press Club, said that the petroleum bomb blast at the residence of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah. The elder is not in Nongynsong.
New Delhi, Naitung 21: Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has said that the highest revenue of the government in the fiscal year 2014-2015 will come from the tax on the rich. which is known as Direct Tax.
The coaching camp was conducted by Dipak Mallick, Judo Coach and General Secretary of the Meghalaya Judo Association.
The Prime Minister said that the North East is now featured in the media for its achievements in sports, the provision of electricity to the last villages that have not yet received electricity and the transformation of the country. center of organic farming.
The MLCU urges those involved in such incidents to report to the police.
One is that there should be a price difference between the Guwahati market and the Khanapara market, Ri-Bhoi.
Sirsa said his visit to Shillong was to see the situation after the spread of false news on social media and even by some of the national media. There has been no violence against the Sikh community living in Shillong.
He said that it is sad to see that the files are lost from the office, these files are the files for the renewal of Trading Licenses.
The unit requests the relevant authorities and the government to forward this information to the Ministry of Railway and also to provide security for other special trains returning from Rajasthan, Andhra Pradesh, Maharashtra, Kerala and others.
The legal notice was sent by Bah K Kharmawphlang & Associates, Advocate and Legal Consultant of Henry Lalremsanga.
The Speaker of the House said that it is not enough to follow the example of others, but it is enough to be proud to wear one's own traditional dress. The poet wrote, "We shall be only the water carriers and the woodcutters of no one", and he said these words.
“Referring to the HNLC's demand to drop the cases, Sadon said, “Even AK Mishra (MHA Advisor North East) has already stated that there are not many successful cases of the HNLC. Therefore, if the activities of the party are not successful, the Government should consider and drop the cases against all the leaders and members of the party.
He said that the problems in the power generation sector, especially in the electricity supply sector, vary from state to state.
He urged the students to be ready to compete in all competitions as this is the era of competition in the field of education.
On this occasion, the HYC Nongkwar Unit also congratulated the Nongkwar Youth Association Block – 3 B, for joining hands with the HYC and for completing the project on time.
He said that the Sixth Schedule as it is now is for 40 ADCs in the North East, and the election of MDCs to the Autonomous District Councils is on the basis of political parties, not The Dorbar has not elected leaders to the ADCs according to the Hima, so the Dorbar cannot challenge the formation of MDC Constituencies.
“We request the MLA not to do this which is against the decision of the Dorbar Shnong Mawryngkneng,” he added.
For the Lok Sabha elections and the four State Legislative Assembly elections, all the polling stations and venues will be the basis for monitoring violations.
He said that this scheme will now be slightly different from the MHIS as it has a part of the central government.
They also met with the officers of the education department to discuss this and made it clear that their salaries will increase as in the previous pay commissions.
The first Director was Fr Virgilius Albera and his assistants were Fr Michael Devalle and Brother Paul Sebastian.
In his speech, Archbishop Dominic Jala said, “We live in an age of many desires, there are many evils in the society around us, corruption, injustice and violation of the law. Mother Teresa has the right to be a human being, but Mother Teresa has a different character from other human beings.
During the meeting, the school principals expressed their concerns and the government has listened to them and the government will discuss the issue. and the Central Government in relation to the concerns raised.
Police have claimed that the attack was carried out by GNLA militants, but the GNLA has denied the allegation.
Shillong, Lber 26: The Lawjynriew Village Council which includes nine villages today delivered food items and necessities to the villages due to the lack of people to buy.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills District, Jaintia Hills District, on Tuesday expressed its satisfaction and pride to see the good results of the students of all over the country. pass well and through their hard work in various examinations like SSLC, HSSLC, ICSC this year.
On the other hand, the SSA teachers in AMSSATSA, although they are not happy with the talks, will wait for the date announced to them and if it does not succeed, they will start a strike to force the government to pay their salaries. their.
Speaking to media after the filing of nomination papers, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh said that since the day the party elected her as the candidate, she has visited all the constituencies to hold meetings and meet with the people. .
Cricket Stadium, Mohali, Punjab.
PT Sawkmie said the party has not yet taken a decision on the candidates for the MP Lok Sabha 2024 from Shillong Parliamentary Seat but as a well-known political leader, he is ready to contest. if UDP is enabled.
Minister Rangbah Duh stressed that the development of education leads to the strengthening of the foundation of income and debt.
The SNRBD this month will send a letter to the District Administration regarding the exclusion of the three villages of Ri Bhoi from the celebration of the Silver Jubilee.
The most interesting thing is that even if there are those who have not yet left the party congress but have decided with one mind and will not support the candidate nominated by the party congress but will give their full support. for Mr. James.
Nongstoin, Jymmang 13: The Director General (Prisoner) Prem Singh, who is in charge of prisons in the state, has taken action to The District Jail is located at Phodkynthei, 2km from Nongstoin.
At this meeting it was decided to strengthen the NPP party in all the states and for Assam the party will launch the party on the 17th of this month.
Dr. Jitendra Singh told Conrad Sangma that the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, has taken personal responsibility to follow up on all the issues related to the North Eastern States.
It is for this reason that they are able to market even to large overseas markets and also in domestic markets.
Our Government has been working for ‘Ease of Living’ for the benefit of the middle-income people.
Daiamonlang Lyngdoh, Secretary, Unitarian Church, Jowai, gave the welcome speech.
The Chief Minister welcomed the NPP party and all the supporters of the party. Also present on the occasion were the Chief Minister's Secretary Prestone Tynsong, other groups. Shillong, March 02: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 130 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills. West Khasi Hills has 16 cases and 1557 cases.
Members who are strong in spirit must come forth.
Of all the people working in various jobs, he said that the most difficult job is for the police who work day and night. festival with their families.
Therefore, don't accept these Apps from unknown senders,” warned the SP (City).
Those who violate these prohibitions may be punished under Section 188 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).
The Minister said that this collaboration with SIAL which is one of the groups that organizes these food competitions started in 2019 and this is an opportunity to meet the sellers and buyers of products from all over the world.
Reintroduction is an activity we see around the world to curb the decline of these species.
Union Minister in charge of Defence, Amit Shah said the decision was taken due to the increasing peace and stability in the North East.
The Hima Mylliem should ensure that the Iewduh should not be a place of violence, should not have empty spaces, should not have the sale of kyiad pyrsi and should not have sellers of kyiad pyrsi. He said that as a Hima, you should have a proper accounting.
The match between the two teams was very friendly and lively as both the teams fought hard to score.
: means to write and send a message from the shlem to other media.
In East Jaintia Hills, the KSU through the Environment Cell together with Rymbai Village and the PHE Department have planted 100 trees near the water source of Rymbai Village at Phe Phe.
Through this statement, the union informs that as it has done in the past years, it is ready to assist the students who are paradoh para snam if they have any problems in relation to admission.
At this meeting, they requested him to temporarily order all Government employees, bank employees and others to stay in West Khasi Hills District temporarily due to the spread of COVID-1
If the government were responsible for the people, it would have thought about how to introduce strong laws to prevent the influx and not have been quick to build the railway.
Through their services, the state has been able to produce many great thinkers, intellectuals and intellectuals to rebuild and rebuild the state and the country as a whole.
Overcoming obstacles promotes self-sufficiency, if this is the case, self-confidence increases and this opens up more opportunities.
The wines presented at the Shillong Wine Festival today were made from Sohiong, Syieng, Sohtrun and Sohsham.
Police have recovered photographs of Rajesh M. Marak from Chokpot, South Garo Hills. Herison K. Sangma from Mandagabil, North Garo Hills and Mital M. Marak from Ringku, East Khasi Hills.
Other speakers at the meeting were Samla Garland Shadap, General Secretary of KSU JHDU, Ma Thirteen Sumer, Assistant Secretary Village Council of Nongbareh Unit and others.
In a statement sent by the President of the KSU JHDU, Samla TL Gympad, who is also the Education Secretary of the KSU JHDU, the KSU JHDU said that many of the rivers in Lad Rymbai, Khliehriat and Byndihati have not turned blue. There is no factory in the city.
In the past 20 days, traders from Dalu have been robbed by the insurgents.
It can also be judged whether the city is wise or the village wise to elect their public leaders.
Although the government has not announced publicly, it is understood that at least 1000 people from government officials to Hills State fighters are invited to attend the celebration. the feast shall be tomorrow.
Shillong, July 15: Two KSU leaders arrested from Mawlai have been taken to court today and the court has granted nine days police custody to them. KSU leaders Biangdor Paliar and John Kyrshan Hashah.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has congratulated the people of Assam and the North East for today's development project and congratulated the people of Guwahati for welcoming him. come in the evening.
The President of the party said that he has had a clear discussion with the MLAs who will come from other parties to contest from the UDP in the 2023 MLA elections. The UDP will spread from Mawkhar to Garo Hills.
The meeting was scheduled to be held on the 13th of this month at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall Mawkhar.
Shillong, Nailar 01: The Ministry of Urban Affairs of the Union Government has approved 240 schemes in urban areas in the North East of India amounting to T .2079.60 crore of which the Government of India has spent Rs 1934.06 crore and the amount already released is T.1419.69 crore.
Other members are Professor KV Thomas MP, Lok Sabha, Francis D'Souza, Deputy CM of Goa, Jose K. Mani MP, Lok Sabha, Anto Anthony. Justice Kurian Joseph, Judge of the Supreme Court of India, Harish Salve, one of the country's prominent lawyers and former Solicitor General .
This has happened to the NPP party when they were elected in 2012 by the people who elected the party and this will be the same with the AITC party. the same applies to other parties.
In this letter, the KSU has explained how the Dohlieh in those years attacked the Syiem of Jaintiapur and also the Khasi Hima and especially the Nongkhlaw Hima. between the foreigners and the people of the Nongkhlaw kingdom.
During these two days, these parts of the meeting will discuss connectivity in the region, natural disasters and ways to address these.
While in Kashmir he was shot and wounded twice.
Sohra MLA Titus Chyne said it is better to be arrested if there is a strike, the state government should fight against it, as well as the MDCs. They should have responsibility because they too hold the power as a minority (Sixth Schedule) so they should work hard, if the NGT doesn't listen they will continue to fight.
This means that drug trafficking will increase because the lack of law enforcement will encourage more and more people from the state and especially foreigners to turn the state into a drug trafficking and trafficking centre.
At the same time, the college has announced that application forms for admission to Class XI, Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Commerce have started being distributed. .
The CSWO's withdrawal is because there are groups who want to disrupt the struggle for the ILP, which has caused loss of lives and homes.
He said that through this department, the government has many schemes to protect the environment.
On receiving this information, the union went to meet the Fair Price Shop Dealer to investigate and found that the rice was not delivered to the dealer by the wholesaler.
The BSF troops patrolling the border with Bangladesh in July 2023 alone have seized up to 450 cows from the Meghalaya-Bangladesh border in collaboration with the state police.
“On 23rd November, 2023 at the National Ex-Servicemen Convention in Kurukshetra, I met Col Pravat Kumar Panda (Retd), Independent Director, Uranium Corporation of India Ltd (UCIL) .
The meeting was also attended by the Deputy Commissioner, Bah Sadon Blah, Leader of the HNYF.
The Seng would like to make it clear that we do not want to negotiate with people who are not involved in the signing of the MoU or who are not involved in the border talks with Assam.
Shillong, Naitung 08: Two cases of COVID-19 in South West Garo Hills District have been confirmed today by the Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr A War. The number of cases in the state has dropped to 52 and the number of recoveries has risen to
Shillong, Jymmang 18: Meghalaya Police have seized 78 grams of heroin and arrested four persons in the last 36 hours.
Conrad K Sangma, although Dr Lapang has not yet decided to join the NPP, has appointed him as one of the advisors to the Chief Minister in the NPP-led MDA government. Shillong, November 08: Although all political parties have prepared their candidates for the MDC elections to the two Houses of Assembly of KHADC and JHADC which should be held in June or October The year 2019 is still in doubt.
Shillong, March 24: The total number of vaccinated persons in Meghalaya so far has reached 16,95,265 lakh, including the 18th. years and above and those 45 years and above.
Speaking as the chief guest at the meeting, he said that the entire region needs peace and order for the development of the country. ia shem but these can be resolved through peace talks.
Shillong, Naitung 20: Police in East Jaintia Hills District today arrested four supporters of the HNLC who were allegedly involved in the bomb blast at a camp. police in Cleveland.
In his speech, Father Paul, overseer of the Salesians, said that Father Sun is a priest who has that special knowledge and knows many languages ​​of other nations.
He said that this victory belongs to the farmers in the state as a whole, by the conversion of these two crops which the previous governments have considered as wild crops has created problems for the farmers. where they had to pay a lot of taxes.
We, the children of Hynniewtrep, shall renew ourselves by resolving to follow and live according to the teachings of our ancestors which we have received from generation to generation.
CORP, FKJGP, CSWO, RBYF, HNYF and elders of the area were also present.
Jowai, November 02: Sukmon Lyngdoh, a resident of M/s Ramel Industries Ltd., has lodged a complaint with the police.
The SDDF will continue to pursue this demand until it is met.
Others who attended the meeting included Bah B Dkhar, Rangbah Shnong of Nongpyiur, Bah L Dkhar, Rangbah of Laitmynsaw and Bah A Nongkynrih from Myrkhan.
On behalf of the Seinraij and the Children's Home, they congratulated the Sur U Paidbah East Jaintia Hills and wished the leaders to continue to serve and look after the welfare of the district as a whole.
However, on the 1st of July, they received information from his family members in Lawmei, that he has not arrived at the village and until now they do not know where he is.
On this occasion, there will be many speeches on this topic and the party invites all those from near and far to attend this occasion. This is the statement sent by Bah Soldron Nongrum General Secretary of the Seng Khasi Swer.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the IG (Administration) who is also the Captain of the Golf Tournament, Brigadier Shammi Raj said, “Such tournaments will be held from time to time to encourage the golfers. people of this region to come forward so that they can take part in the sports in the country.
The assistance will be based on the eligibility of the scheme.
At present, only government offices have received water from the PHE while the residents have not received water for two years. .
As PDOs, these small shops and small businesses can earn more money through the sale of the internet without the need for a license, registration or any payment to the DoT. The seminar was held on 5th November
Not only did they hate the teachers but they also tortured them by harassing and delaying their salaries until they slept all night on Secretariat Road and even shot gas at the teachers. .
Although UCIL no longer exists, it is the only public sector undertaking under the Atomic Minerals Directorate or the Department of Atomic Energy. and even in Wahkaji.
Shillong, June 13: U Bah Lambor Malngiang, Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board, on Tuesday said that four members of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) have been injured in a riot in Mawshabuit. who are still undergoing treatment at the hospital.
The Deputy Inspector General of the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF), Marianus Minj, in his speech to the youth, said that don't let bad thoughts dominate your life. you, be true to yourself.
Shortly after, the Crime Branch Police Station arrived to conduct a thorough investigation into the incident.
In her speech, she said that it is necessary to pay 10 days for women.
Shillong, Naiwieng 09: The President of the National People's Party (NPP) in Meghalaya, Dr WR Kharlukhi, who is also the Chairman of the State Election Committee of Meghalaya, has announced 24 candidates for the upcoming elections. MLA election in 2018 for this party.
It is a memorable Bill in the history of the District Council because after 70 years the Land Acquisition Act has been passed.
There are no deceitful deceitful deeds, change the meaning of receiving forgiveness from God before the final punishment of God on this earth.
The meeting was attended by the opposition led by Bah PN Syiem and they also accepted the decision to oppose the decision of the Cabinet.
They believe that what they are doing is right," said Bah Chyne.
However, the KSU stands on the ground that the demand is to appoint a Khasi as the VC and the selection of that Khasi is at the discretion of the Selection Committee of the Central Government.
Police have conducted a search operation against these groups.
Mawphlang, March 29: The descendants of Captain Hump have worked to preserve the legacy of their beloved father, to revive the Cherry Brandy winery in Mawphlang. starting before 1947.
The KSU has alleged that the truck has overturned due to the negligence of the contractor who repaired the road by filling it with soil instead of filling it with stones. your bag is not ready.
Others who were present were TM Sangma, MJS, Special Officer, MSLSA, Bah S Lyngdoh, Assistant Secretary, MSLSA and staff of the Meghalaya State Legal Services Authority.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) today concluded the elections for the members of the Central Executive Committee (CEC) for the year 2023-2
In Shillong, it was seen that the people have decorated their homes by installing lights to brighten up the houses, shops and government offices have also decorated beautifully to celebrate christmas.
According to him, most of the residents of Nahar Punji are Khasi who have become residents of Bangladesh in After independence from Pakistan.
In a statement sent by the government, the Chief Secretary, Bah Pariat, lives at his home in Mawlai, so according to the rules laid down by the government, he has the right to receive this. T.16000/- tyngka which he should have received from the government, the allegation that the rules of the government have been violated is groundless.
The death toll today has risen to 12, of which 10 are unvaccinated, 8 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from South Garo Hills, 1 from West Garo Hills, 1 from West Jaintia Hills and 1 from West Jaintia Hills. Khasi Hills 1, the total number of deaths has risen to 1252 so far.
The Youth Hostel Association (YHAI) Meghalaya State Branch has congratulated its Chairman, Bah ED Nongsiang on his election as the National Vice President of the YHAI.
In his speech, AN Sangma said that cooperation is the strength and this is to fight against poverty. He said that he is sorry to see that people refuse to cooperate. The people should come forward to work together to improve their income by following the example of some of the cooperatives that have developed in this area.
Bah Shangpliang in his speech said that he was returning from Garo Hills yesterday and the contest in the north is between the Congress and the NPP but here the contest is between the Congress and the NPP. the UDP,” said Bah Shangpliang.
The project to develop sericulture in Mamit district of Mizoram has been approved at a cost of T.11.56 crore, including the share of the Government of India of T.10.82 crore.
Every month it shows the happiness of women, youth, middle income people, farmers and society as a whole for the fulfillment of the promises made by the Government of India over the past nine years. past.
The total number of recoveries today is 128, 112 from East Khasi Hills, 11 from West Garo Hills, 2 from South West Garo Hills, 1 from East Jaintia Hills, 1 from Ri Bhoi and 1 from West Khasi Hills. there are 12186 people.
For the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, the salary has been increased from T.39,900/- to T.106,900/- while the Constituency fee has been increased from T.20,000/-.
LYWA and the people of the area have expressed their desire to trust HS Shylla at any time because he is a man who has no responsibility for the Jaidbynriew but he is a thinking creature. only to his advantage and some.
Shillong, Nailur 18: The Forest Department has prompted the Forest Department to consider the spread of sign boards around Shillong by private individuals and companies. to remove them because it has defiled and shall issue an order to cease immediately.
Director Dr Aman War said that two persons have died of the disease in East Khasi Hills District today and the weight has been taken to East Jaintia Hills District. state as a whole.
There will also be a discussion on the immediate search for skilled children in sports through sports platforms and in schools in States and UTs, blocks and districts.
Bah Precious TmungnaRi Bhoi District exhibited her silk jackets under the brand 'Zong hi' and told about her journey to unite and strengthen the weavers to revive the traditional clothes. people from the state of Meghalaya.
At the same time, the HFU wants the government to release the relief to those who have been affected in the past years along with the relief to those who have been affected this year.
If you can be like this, you will bring unity not only to the JSM but to our nation as a whole.
At the same time, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that he is deeply saddened by this tragic incident in which many people have lost their lives. The tragic incident of the bus overturning into the night in which many souls have lost their lives.
Shillong, Dec 26: The Shillong Lajong Football Club has taken many measures to promote football in Meghalaya and around the world to reach out to the fans of the game.
Many students attended and took part in the lecture.
Besides these trees, the BSF also seized counterfeit money in Kakargora from Bangladeshis who were trying to smuggle it to India.
The East Jaintia Hills Truck Owners & Transporters Association (EJHTO&TA) has expressed its full support to the Union of Waheh Shnongs, the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle and the Jaintia Students' Movement (Eastern Region) The final request to the State Government to immediately repair the National Highway-6, which is now in excessively bad condition.
“We have raised this issue with concern today and the Minister of Law and Justice has asked the officer in front of us to take action on this issue.
On the other hand, the CEM said that the demand of these Garo Rangbah Shnongs is against the Constitution of the District Council and also the Hima Mylliem.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: The Director of Health Services (DHS) today said that 58 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 22 in South Garo Hills, 9 in Ri Bhoi and 9 in West Garo Hills. 6, South West Garo Hills 1 and the total number of confirmed cases is
Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma and Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad Kongkal Sangma on 29th October 2022 signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) in the presence of Defense Minister Amit Shah in New Delhi. to end the 50-year-old border dispute between the two states.
Replying to a question on whether the letter sent to the Chief Secretary from the Congress party has reached the government, the Chief Minister's Secretary said he has not seen it yet.
West Garo Hills Police have arrested 73 persons from the Edenbari Resort in Tura on charges of immoral acts. They ordered Bernard to surrender himself before the Sardar Police Station Shillong.
New Delhi, Lber 19: The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, today chaired a meeting to review the efforts being made to curb the spread of COVID-1
Goel previously served as Secretary in the Ministry of Heavy Industry.
Secondly, there is a need to introduce Acts and Rules to recognize the Village Authorities by the State Government or through the Autonomous District Councils, to have clear scheme management within the Villages especially in relation to the Village Authorities. procurement practices of VECs and AECs in relation to activities, and the need to improve the management of VECs and AECs, by conducting regular training programs for VEC office bearers in the Village.
Those who fail will not be punished according to the law.
On the other hand, the Dean of the College explained that the Khasi students who apply for this post should have completed their Bachelor Degree in other subjects and have done their Master in Library & Information Science. According to the Ordinance of the Central Agricultural University (CAU) issued on 18.10.2023, applicants for the post of Library Assistant must have completed a Bachelor Degree in Library & Information Science.
Shillong, Iaiong 25: The Government of Meghalaya through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare in collaboration with the National Health Mission will conduct a vaccination campaign for all children in the state under the age of 18 years.
According to information received after the meeting with the Chief Minister, the MDCs who went to meet Conrad held a meeting and when the SP News Agency phoned Bah HS Shylla to find out what happened. results of this interview were not immediately available for comment.
In the complaint, Bah Khongngian said that the employee who committed the crime had threatened his mother that if she complained, he would be punished. judge it in the right way.
The Deputy Commissioner and Superintendent of Police of Ri Bhoi District today visited the village and at the same time they also visited the patients who are in various hospitals such as All the victims of the tragic incident have recovered and the doctors have taken special care to treat them. to these patients.
The purpose of this is to find out what are the bad drinks, to find out what has led the youth to reach this point of taking their own lives.
According to the information received, 29 people have been killed, most of them from Assam and some from Garo Hills.
The seat of the Diocese of Jowai has remained vacant after Bishop Victor Lyngdoh was elected as the new Archbishop of the Diocese of Shillong on November 28,
This is according to a statement sent by the Chairman of the Khasi Students' Union.
The Director said that two people have died of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District today and with these two deaths, the total number of deaths in the state has risen to 108 people.
If the government had worked hard and looked far for the people, it would have seen the deterioration of the NH 44 road to the point where the people had to cry while passing by. road”, said Bah P.Dkhar.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has told the Chief Minister that it is ready for any investigation. The National Investigation Agency (NIA) has investigated the incident.
The MDA Government in Meghalaya should not only turn to Bangladesh but as the Prime Minister he should have talked to the NDA Government to turn to Nepal especially when the Indo-Nepal Treaty of Peace and Friendship 1950 is still alive and should be ended. It is through this agreement that Nepalese citizens can enter and leave at will from the border to work and can stay in any state of the country. India.
The purchase of these vehicles is because the government wants to bring good health to the people and this is the wish of the government.
Speeches were delivered by the Village Leaders and Sordar of Smit Pyllun Bah Marbat Kharbyngar, KSU Central Executive Council Leaders Raymond Kharjana incharge Easter Central and KSU CEC and Donald V Thabah, GS, KSU CEC and other leaders of the KSU gave a keynote address on CAA and ILP. Through the easy entry of people from Bangladesh into Meghalaya through the 443 km long border and through Assam.
In fact, the number of cases of coronavirus in the state has not increased due to the hard work of the government especially the DHS and other NGOs.
Referring to agriculture, the Chief Minister said that Meghalaya is one of the states that has been able to have a Farmers Commission. increase the rep of the riang.
Sherborlang Mawlong did not know what to do.
The Umlyngka Sports and Cultural Club on Saturday held its “Premmiet Shongsbai” at the Football Ground of Umlyngka Village. The opening ceremony was attended by Bah Lufast Majaw, Secretary Shnong Bah Batdor Wahlang, former leaders of the Club. Andra Kharkongor, Elder of the village, leaders of the sports club, elders, youth of Umlyngka and others.
The HYC said that this is not the responsibility of the party alone but the responsibility of the nation. part to protect the nation.
The National People's Party (NPP) President Conrad Kongkal Sangma on Tuesday directed the party leaders to strengthen the party ahead of the Lok Sabha elections.
On March 30, all the representative States by their various blocks and groups in urban areas will place Mitti from their Kalash in one huge AmritKalash symbolizing the faith of Ek India Best India.
On this day, these Thais demonstrated how they cook food from the forest.
Speaking to media, the President of the Seng, Bah RobertJune Kharjahrin, said that the Seng has also informed the Minister about the excessive tuition fees among private schools. School and schools receiving financial support from the government.
According to the Indian Telecom Services Performance Indicators January–March 2023 of TRAI, internet penetration in India by October 2023 is more than 800 million and telecom subscribers by October 2023 is more than 1172 million.
After Bah Adelbert, the House elected Bah Pynshngianlang Syiem as CEM on 15th June 2015 and he remained CEM until 15th June
The UGC is empowered under Section 23 of the UGC Act, which prohibits educational institutions from using the term “University” in any way. educational institution except high schools which have established them in accordance with the above provisions of the Act.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister urged all the officers to find ways and means to address the problems faced by the health department.
We demand that the government should also show respect to the teachers and invite them to speak and especially the government should listen and implement the demands of the teachers. Shillong, Jymmang 11: The Child Development Center (Child Development Centre) at New-Jirang, Ribhoi District, has been closed down. There is no assistance from foreign volunteer groups.
The Hima Mylliem, besides the rules laid down by the government, has also issued an order to wash hands and wear masks before entering the market.
New Delhi, Naitung 08: The Minister of State for Sports, Entrepreneurship, Youth Affairs and Sports, Sarbananda Sonowal, on Tuesday said that sports is part of education and it is the right of children to learn. They are not allowed to attend school under the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education (RTE) Act,
Ubah Siangshai, President of the BJP East Jaintia Hills District, has elected Bah Thombor Dkrar as the President of the Sutnga Saipung Mandal Unit. B Jerister Rymbai as Vice President, Iaidlang Bamon as Vice President, Wonly as General Secretary and Rajiv Bareh as Treasurer.
In the second semifinal, the girls of South West Garo Hills District defeated the girls of West Garo Hills District 25-09, 25-15, 25-2
DPIs, for the first time, achieved universal consensus and how to recognize them, procedures and principles.
The clothes makers also said that they have started to face difficulties in getting the kynbat they need to dye the clothes they weave.
Whether it is the taking of electricity from Assam or Meghalaya, this discussion which is being held today will discuss the facts and what is happening in those villages as it is now.
These depots are used to store fuel for the needs of vehicles.
There will be many speakers including from the KSU, civil society organizations and other elders and women who have been selected by the KSU to deliver speeches on this day. Line Permit (ILP), Influx, Clean Marriage, Border Issue, Education, and other issues.
During the curfew, no one is allowed to enter the village and no one is allowed to leave the village. The residents should stay at home. .
Shillong, July 07: The Mawlangwir Youth Association (MYA) has organized a Cleaning Drive on June 7, 2017 at Tynrong, Mawlangwir.
The winners were announced on 23rd June 2024 and student director Chidanand Naiku won the award.
The forms will be distributed from 1st October 2017 to 10th October
Rit paid other non-tribal people who occupy forest land in accordance with the Recognition of Forest Rights Rules, 2008, issued by the Department of Tribal Affairs on .2008, this government department will now implement this rule.
There are 159 BSF personnel, 2 Air Force personnel, 20 personnel from Ri Bhoi District, 9 personnel from West Garo Hills, 2 persons from East Jaintia Hills and 44 personnel from East Khasi Hills.
Following the protest, the Tripura government has informed the Chief Minister of Tripura, Pradyot Debbarma, that the statue of Maharaj Radha Kishore Manikya will not be erected at the site. his time in this palace.
During his visit to Shillong, he met with the people working in this field and they expressed their concerns and he said that this report will be sent to the central government and and to the State Government to do whatever is necessary for them.
NESFAS has done this by starting with schools where they have prepared nutritious foods from plants grown in the state and it has been found that this is good and helps a lot to the youth. they will have a healthy body.
The ceremony of idol worship was completed today in Meghalaya, and it went smoothly without any interruption.
In a statement, Cherity Suja, General Secretary, Jaintia Hills District, said that the support, especially will support and empower all in the days to come.
Shillong, Nailur 20: The Red Horn Division under the command of the Gajraj Corps has conducted a raid on a rebel stronghold in Karbi Anglong District of Assam. and the state of Meghalaya.
“With the release of funds, we will intensify our efforts to eradicate the evils of drugs from our state,” said Bah Paul.
During a visit to several rice fields, mostly in the district of West Khasi Hills, it was witnessed that the Covid-19 pandemic has brought about a major change in the daily lives of the farmers.
The Chief Minister said that the doctors have monitored all those in Home Quarantine who are Primary Contacts and till the 24th of this month they have been able to complete the visit of up to 120 households.
The Seventh Pay Commission and the OROP have been implemented. Better governance, higher income, better livelihoods for the poor, better lives for the people of this country .
He also gave the example of the Mizo Young Association of Mizoram which has received the support of many churches for its service to the Mizo community.
The court ordered that until the hearing of the notice issued on 13.03/2020 should be suspended and directed all those who should comply with this order.
New Delhi, July 09: “We have seen the role of safe drinking water in human rights, the empowerment of women and girls, and the role of peace in life”.
The holiday on this day is to allow all the people to cast their votes for the mid-term elections of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly.
Meghalaya today held a two minute silence in memory of those people who sacrificed their lives for the sake of the country.
It is to be recalled that the management in a meeting with the Union leaders on 07.12.17, promised to pay before Christmas only the daily wage. which is according to the price set by the Government and to pay the remaining arears.
The CEC has also decided to demand from the government to bring a proper education department in Jaintia Hills, to demand the bringing of an extension building of Kiang Nangbah Government College and government school in East Jaintia Hills. The Civil Hospital should not be built in East Jaintia Hills District.
The Seng will not listen to such killings by the law enforcement agencies because if they listen, many of them will be shot dead every day.
The holding of the B20 Conference of the G20 Presidency of India on 3rd October 2023 has brought about a change in the tourism industry in the state.
The Minister said that today he has called a meeting of all the private hospitals to discuss and in this meeting they have accepted the proposal of the government and the government has made it clear. The hospitals that attended the meeting were Nazareth Hospital, Robert Hospital, Woodland Hospital, Bethany Hospital, Children's Hospital, BSF Hospital and Army Hospital. All the hospitals have accepted the government's proposal.
The tournament will be held at the St. Anthony Higher Secondary School Stadium in collaboration with the Pynursla Shooting Club.
The party has appointed Lamphrangsngi Kharbani as President, Vice President Nelson Kharbani, General Secretary Bobby Basaiawmoit, Asst Secretary T. Kharir and Finance Secretary Michael Kharbani. Bah K.Nongbri and other office bearers of the Central Body.
Dr Mukul in his speech said that the biggest challenge for the public leaders is to correct the mistakes they have made in relation to government work, but this has happened in this state in The Meghalaya Community Participation and Public Grievances Social Audit Act, 2017, in which the public has the right to request an account.
On the other hand, the Seng has directed the leaders of the Puja Committee to first of all ensure the cleanliness of their places of worship and not to spread nuit on the streets and in the villages. that they should not sing beyond the time set by the Deputy Commissioner.
Shillong, November 04: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Latiplang Khakongor today said that the Governor of Meghalaya is the holder of the Constitution of India.
According to Human Rights, this brutality of the law enforcement agencies is unacceptable.
Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit said that the VPP invites all the people to come on the 19th of this month at the parking lot at the Additional Secretariat to wait for the news that will come out after the meeting. All Party Meeting (ALL Party Meeting) because on this day, the Party will announce how to proceed regarding the demand for amendment of the Reservation Policy.
Martin won his first MLA election from the PDM in 1998, in 2003, 2008, 2013 and 2018 from the Congress party. Ranikor Civil Sub Division and lost in the by-election.
Shem urged the youth not to be selfish and to fight for the Jaidbynriew just for the sake of fame and power.
Speaking to SP News Agency, he said that there are many parmaw in the area and urged the Executive Member in charge of the land to inspect. sha this area.
“On the 27th of this month, the meeting will be open only to the members of the Executive Committee.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: Several houses have been destroyed by a strong wind in Namdong village in West Jaintia Hills District on Saturday night.
In the past few days, the Karbi have opened fire on the villagers and one of the villagers has been injured in this incident.
At this meeting, Bah Kitborlang Nongrem said that Bah Jotin Khardewsaw has also said before the Committee that he too has withdrawn from the ticket application and to allow Bah Nongrem to contest again. The MDC election was held in 2019 when he came second in the general election.
The hearing of the nomination papers will be held tomorrow after 3 pm at the office of the Returning Officer at Mawkyrwat, SWKH District.
At the meeting, the contractor, Hindustan Steelworks Construction Limited, said that the football ground has been completed, but the construction of the first and second playgrounds is still ongoing. go ahead.
In his speech, Satish Kumar Mathur, Deputy General Manager of Canara Bank said that this is the sixth branch in the state while it has 3,700 branches nationwide.
Shillong, March 26: The BJP's Sohra Constituency has been handed over to Dr PW Khongjee, former MLA of Sohra Constituency. .
“We elected him (Bah Teiborlang Thangkhiew) as Rangbah Shnong because he is a teacher of the village school and he is educated because the villagers are illiterate,” he said.
The number of COVID-19 positive cases in the state has risen to 93780 since the beginning of the year. The number of positive cases has been from all districts of Meghalaya.
Therefore, people should trust the scientific evidence that there is no danger of EMF radiation from mobile towers.
Total 36 MP candidates have announced their nominations across India.
Shillong, March 30: Three young girls from Meghalaya have been selected for special training in preparation for the Women's World Cup 2020 U-1
The final polling will be held on July 1, 2024 in eight states and union territories.
Shillong, Lber 25: The National People's Party (NPP) has sent its condolences to the family of Bah Snowmick Kalwing, Vice President of the party from Ri Bhoi District.
Heavy vehicles coming from Ri Bhoi District should park along Wahumkhrah, Mawlai, Nongpdeng and Jaiaw, small vehicles should park at the parking lots at Bhoi Parking Lot and parts of Madan Student's Madan. .
Among those selected for this post are four Arjuna Award winners, one Dhyanchand Award winner and one Dhronacharya Award winner.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: A clash has broken out between the people of Assam and the police in Mukroh village on the border of Meghalaya today. There were seven people who were killed and many who were injured.
The Digital India program of the Government of India has led to an increase in the number of people in the country who have access to the Internet and social and digital media platforms.
The EC will fight to introduce the Clan Bills in the Legislative Assembly in November. The bill has already been passed by the Assembly but has been amended and will now be passed. The bill was approved and sent to the Governor.
: The Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union (MAWU) on Thursday decided to end the strike and to go back to the works they used to do all the time.
The games will be held in all nine states of the North East and will end on the 29th of June.
Shillong, July 31: The filing of nominations for the MLA election to the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya has started today.
Mathematics University NEHU, Shillong; Sally Gracia Warjri, who won the 1st Class-10th position in the B.Sc.
There are currently 2,83,407 cases pending and all of them are undergoing treatment in hospitals run by the Central and State Governments for those who are seriously ill, while those who do not show symptoms and those who have not yet shown signs of illness. those who have mild symptoms are treated at home.
“We have decided to inform the Deputy Commissioner to remove the Assam Police Camp at Lum Umshyrngat as it still falls within the boundary of Lapangap village.
Shillong, July 02: The JSU has written to the SP of West Jaintia Hills District to urge the police department not to allow trucks passing on the highway to take pass kulmar as this has caused problems to the public. let them come from the same road.
Law and order Rs.42.20 core, Judiciary Rs.60 core, District Council Affairs Rs.1.05 core, Key sector of the budget Rs.450.20 core, Agriculture and allied sector Rs.287.94 core, Animals husbandry and veterinary core Rs.57.38 core Fisheries Rs.45.50 core, Sericulture and veining Rs.37.20 core, Waters resources Rs.199.20 core, Forest and environment    Rs.48.01 core, Soil and Water conservation Rs.193.87 core,  Community Development1 R.06 7 core .
“If such a bail application is made, it is expected that the Special Court will try to do the same and terminate the case without any reason from the findings mentioned here,” the Court said.
Except for the 9 factories as mentioned in the letter by the Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare dated
If the Government cannot order the Police on the border, then why has it ordered to shoot tear gas at teachers, why has it ordered to bomb women in Lumshnong and why has it ordered to shoot? “We demand that the Government should send hundreds of Police personnel to all Border Out Posts (BOPs) and Out Posts (OPs). ) at the border with adequate weapons and also to immediately order the Police to use Tear Gas, to use sticks and shoot if necessary to protect the border and to the people at the border," the statement said.
In this there is a benefit for all of us, for the whole world,” said MR Speaking on the beauty of nature.
The purpose of the festival is to convey to the government that it should find ways and means how to recognize by the government authorities this method of producing wine by making it.
All the Seng Bhalang should stand stronger now to get the ILP. Foreign workers should ensure that they should not enter Meghalaya without a Labor Permit. .
Opening the opening ceremony, Paiem Dr Balajied S Syiem said that it is very important to hold this meeting to commemorate the thymmei and congratulated Bah John F Kharshiing, who has been a member of the National League for Democracy (NLD). He started this topic through football and expressed his happiness that many of the kurs have now started to gather together to get to know each other and to keep the kur agreement.
John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MSPB, urged the Villages to prepare a Map of the Village, a Summary of each Village, and requested the Dorbar Shnongs to have Laws. Villages to send information to the BDO and his office so that they can meet separately with these Villages which have Village Forests.
While the other three Wight Bridges have not paid even once after the signing of the agreement, the other three Weight Bridges have not paid even once, but the Transport Department has not accepted. any lat even if they have not paid under the agreement.
Speaking to reporters, KSU West Jaintia Hills President Laitphar Syngkrem admitted that the clashes between the Khasi-Pnars and the Karbi community have arisen due to the construction of the gate by the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC). collection of revenue within the border of the State of Meghalaya.
These camps were held at the request and suggestion of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
Jowai, July 26: The Grand Council of Chiefs, which includes the Dolloi and Sirdarships of the Federation of Khasi States, has met to discuss with the Dolloi, Lyngdoh, Pator, Rangbah Kur, members of the Elaka Dorbar, Rangbah Shnong, Seng Bhalang Leaders, Women, Youth, Elaka Dolloi and Sirdarship, Jaintia Hills today. which has been approved in a letter from the Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India, D.O.No.
Shillong, Lber 04: Unidentified persons have destroyed the house of Bah Kortis Rani which is under construction at Mawkneng village under Sohiong Police Out post. The man has lodged a complaint with the police today.
Speaking to reporters after the filing of nomination papers, he said that there will be a struggle and at the same time he appealed to the MLAs in the NPP-led MDA government, especially the the national parties shall not support him.
At the same time, the Rajabala MLA said that the government has already created two districts, North Garo Hills District and South West Garo Hills District. On 20 October 2012, she submitted a petition to the Government to create a District and Rajpur as the site for government offices.
However, these children are from Meghalaya.
This course is open to both men and women.
The group was led by Samla Marconi Thongni, President of KSU Ranikor Circle in the presence of Samla Forwardman Nongrem, President, KSU Ranikor Circle and Village Leaders of Photeitsim.
On the other hand, the Director of NEIGRIHMS said that he is pleased to see that the MHIS scheme of the state government has been successful in which patients can now go for treatment inside the hospital at NEIGRIHMS. There are some issues that need to be addressed, but the Director said that these issues can be addressed to ensure that the patients from Meghalaya do not have to face the disease. problems.
Police have registered a case under the kidnapping section.
Shillong, Iaiong 04: To mark the Pynehryngiew Day, the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today distributed leaflets across the city, explaining why it is necessary to celebrate this day. .
He said that the Chief Minister is also collecting from the Meghalaya Chief Minister's Flood Relief Fund, which will later be handed over to the Chief Minister of Kerala.
“The Minister also congratulated the ASHAs who continue to do their job despite the strike.
Church leaders from various groups have attended the prayer. During the prayer, prayers were heard from various religious leaders in Khasi, Garo and English. May God have mercy on the country and the state and bless the leaders and the people of this country.
The committee will also take up the matter in the Legislative Assembly soon, said SK Sunn, Chairman of the Environment Committee of the Legislative Assembly.
The Dorbar Chnong Wapungskur has also banned all its residents from leaving the village to travel anywhere except for unavoidable reasons.
Shillong, November 07: Meghalaya Co-operative Apex Bank LTD has been selected for the National Award for Empowerment of Persons with Disabilities The award was given to the bank for implementing the funds of the National Handicapped Finance and Development Corporation (NHFDC).
The first goal was scored in the 14th minute by Seikhohao Tuboi.
The tournament was encouraged by Lt Gen Ranbir Singh, AVSM, SM, Director General of Assam Rifles. About 40 people including people from Meghalaya attended the tournament.
She said that through the Common Alerting Protocol (CAP), the public has been informed through SMS from mobile companies so that they can be vigilant in case of heavy rainfall as the IMD has already warned that there will be no rainfall. The rainfall is severe in East Khasi Hills, West Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, he said that it is a mistake and looking at the reporters, he said that the state has come second, what will happen cannot be said. but Meghalaya will be like Sri Lanka.
The train from Kerala will have 510 passengers and the train from Delhi will have 500 passengers.
The agreement was signed at the KHADC office in the presence of the Chairman of the Commission, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh who is also the Executive Member.
According to the RTI reply, the KHADC office does not have any record of this and does not know how many non tribals have received licenses and how many private persons have received labor licences. .
He said that by the end of 2016, every village should have VDP groups registered with the police station.
This was announced by Samla Hamewanpynhun Ryngkhlem Publicity Secretary.
The President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri Warmih, Bah Edmund Khongngai, has urged the government to suspend the payment of light bills. you should take note of this and send payment back later.
The bronze medals were won by South West Khasi Hills and South Garo Hills.
Section 144 CrPC has been imposed on the government because there are people who are trying to steal coal trucks without paying anything inside the Way Bridge. per treasure.
For her, Palliative Care is something she takes very seriously.
The competitions were conducted by KVK Vice Principal K Ramesh, Physical Education Teacher Ganga Prasad Chetri, Drawing Teacher Chanchal Srivastava and the Quiz was conducted by Ved Prakash.
In a letter sent to the Minister of Sports, the union urged the general secretary to consider the dignity of the indigenous people of Meghalaya and to release the post and allow the qualified indigenous people to take over. The HITO said it is disappointed that the MSOA has sent a non-tribal to attend the AGM of the IOA and he has now been elected as the General Team Manager. The IOA to the 22nd Commonwealth Games will be held in England from July 28 to 8 August
The Chief Minister said that the grounds are being cleaned from the collapse of the Dome and after the cleaning, the work of the Legislative Assembly will resume.
In Motphran, more than 1,000 people have gathered to express to the Central Government that the people of Meghalaya are against the CAB. At the same time they demanded the implementation of the ILP in the state.
To prevent the influx of foreigners into the state, by implementing the Inner Line Permit or by using the NRC. To have a policy for farmers and to strengthen the districts Council.
Before the programme, a speech was delivered by Samla Biangbor L.Paliar, President of KSU Mawlai Circle in the presence of other office bearers.
The Chief Minister's Symbut has appealed to the people to remain vigilant. He said that although the government has lifted the curfew, the DC of East Khasi Hills will issue the rules under 144 CrPC.U. Prestone said that a sample of one of them has been taken today and sent for testing and it is hoped that the result will be received tomorrow or the next day.
On this occasion, a march was held along the road from Iaw Pyngkat Thlongmoo, Iooksi to the residence of Samla Nehemaya Tyngkan at Iooksi Iapkhla in the presence of dozens of members. the Thlongmoo Children's Association.
Rangbah Bah Bijon, also announced the great work of the Lum Jingthang Committee of the Seng Khasi Kmie, which has been able to bring about the beauty and brightness of this religious mountain, so that even people from other countries can visit it. The world, when they came to this place, they could not help but wonder that in such a place in the world, there was a group of nations that had their own unique mountains.
This is according to a statement sent by Shaniahskhem Dkhar and Kyrshan Dkhar.
The damage to these schools has been so severe that the residents said that the children have to wear shatri during the rainy season if they want to attend classes. such as benches, desks, blackboards and others.
Shillong, July 15: U Saleng A Sangma, MLA from Gambegre Constituency, today resigned as MLA by submitting a letter of resignation to the MPCC. Commissioner Secretary of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly Andrew Simon.
Shillong, June 22: World Vision India on 19th April 2018 conducted a Job Guidance & Career Counseling Program on the theme: 'Collaborate to Innovate' as part of the guidance of students from Class-X to Class-XII of many schools under Mawkynrew Constituency where more than 300 students from different schools accompanied by teachers came to take part in the programme.
Ed to the remaining SSA and 4th teachers who have to complete the professional course according to the rules of the National Council of Teachers Education (NCTE), and the demand to increase the salaries of untrained SSA teachers ( untrained teachers) in accordance with the provisions of the NCTE and RTE Act, 2009 for the Financial Year 2017-18 and other requirements relating to SSA and 4th teachers.
Shillong, July 03: Police on 1/1/2024 received a tip that there has been a shooting incident in Mawmang village under Khatarshnong. was killed in the town.
She also expressed her gratitude to the President of AMDA for guiding her to achieve this Best Performance.
The government will appoint a team of inquiry into the matter, but the minister has denied the allegation that the children have been sold to the area.
The Chief Minister was accompanied by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, MLA of Sutnga Saipung Constituency, Santa Mary Shylla and MLA of Sohra Constituency, Bah Gavin M. Mylliem.
In Ampati, PHE Minister Marcuise N Marak unfurled the flag and distributed awards to the winners of the coffin exhibition including DCIC, Labor and PHE. Marching Contingent was received by St. Dominic Savio Higher Secondary School, St. Claret Secondary School Scouts and Birin-Nuchong School Scouts.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister appealed to all the citizens of the state to uphold the dignity of democracy and when there are any issues there should be dialogue and consultation to reach a solution. the goal of success.
There were 12 schools that came to take part in this competition and among them Army School was the winner of this competition.
So far, 94,022 people have tested positive for COVID-19, 92,320 have recovered and 1,594 have died.
Iaspher Mawlong was elected as the President of the HPF, Bah Colitshin as the Vice President, Bah Panbor Rani as the General Secretary and Bah Panbor Rani as the General Secretary. other carriers were confirmed on the same day.
She encouraged the youth to work hard and take up exciting careers in companies and private sector and urged everyone to follow their dreams.
Syiem became the first woman from Meghalaya to become an MP to the Rajya Sabha in June 2013 after TA Sangma resigned from the MLA election. in the state.
: means–it is to give one's life for others;it is to be eager or eager to get something;it is for oneself.
Shillong, Naitung 25: The Federation of Meghalaya Ad Hoc Secondary Teachers Association (FAMASTA) has decided to suspend the teachers of schools in Meghalaya. They will not be able to support JACATAM in their three-day strike.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: U Kennedy Dondor Richard Dunai of All Saints Diocesan Higher Secondary School, Shillong has been ranked fifth out of the top 10 candidates in the results of the Secondary School Leaving Certificate (SSLC). ) will be announced by the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE) on 26th June,
“This is not enough while they have not issued the order through the Personnel Department.
He said that there are 31 Group-A groups, at present professors have been appointed to look after the students and this will affect the professors because at the same time they have to look after the work of officers. New Delhi, June 05: The Union Minister of State for Information and Broadcasting, Anurag Thakur today announced a collaboration between the Department of Information & Broadcasting and Amazon India in Media, Entertainment and Public Information.
Shillong, Naitung 01: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong today called on the leaders of the Federation of All School Teachers of Meghalaya (FASTOM) to discuss the demands of the teachers. Adhoc School that this discussion has not reached any agreement.
In Japan this tree has been planted since the 15th century AD and these trees were planted for the pleasure of the kings and from that country this tree was also planted in Samurias, Ha Japan has more than 200 species of flowers from this tree that blooms in June.
In these days, the employees of the JHADC have been worried whether they will receive their salaries or not because until Tuesday 24th of this month, the time for the salary of the employees has not been paid. However, with the receipt of the LoA, the employees of JHADC will receive their salaries on that day.
He said that 2373 PACS across the country are under construction as Jan Aushadhi Kendras.
On the 16th, the meeting will also discuss the proposal to submit its opinion to the Government on the Agriculture Produce and Livestock Marketing Promotion and Facilitation Act
S. Chaudhuri, General Manager, Shillong Times Pvt Ltd, Meghalaya, on the 26th of this month, said that the suspension of the publication of the newspaper will be from on the 1st of June.
Superintendent of Police, East Garo Hills District, JKF Marak, said that they have received a tip that there is a Scorpio vehicle leaving Dimapur to Garo Hills with the number plate. Assam AS01AJ-5102 and in this vehicle there were weapons.
The Congress leader said that there may be a connection between the politicians and the coal traders.
Of the total number of tests conducted, nine have been positive.
The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) in charge of the trade on the 8th of this month has revealed that there is a benami trade in the operation of petrol pumps. It has announced in the media that it will take action to stop this illegal trade.
Latest reports from the NPP said that almost all the constituencies in the state have received many tickets from the party.
According to sources, the session will be held only to fulfill the procedures laid down in the Constitution of India.
To send leaders from the Congress or the National Party will deprive the people of up to five years of benefits.
In this regard, the police said that the police will now arrest the buyers and charge them under section 411 IPC and the imprisonment will be up to three years.
He said many in the government are now fighting against the problem of independence.
The fire brigade has arrived at the scene with three water trucks. The fire has been extinguished and the fire has been extinguished so that it does not spread to the houses. who is in the midst of the house.
At that time he didn't know how to name his company but in 1959 he named it Pidilite, he produced Fevicol and other fertilizers. good for your goods.
“All these are for the people to take part for their own benefit”. The festival also featured a kynjoh skain dance from Sohkynduh village, a bamsoh competition and a cycling competition. , storytelling competition, poetry reading competition, point games, and sword shooting and sword shooting and others.
Referring to the tragic incident, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that the letter should be completed first and the judicial inquiry will be looked into.
The BSF took these bags and when they opened them they found that they were sarees worth T.14 lakh from Bagli in South West Khasi Hills District.
“When I handed over this post to Bah Banteidor, it was voluntarily for the sake of the party and not for personal gain. I am the chairman of the party,” said Marbaniang.
Shillong, July 26: The Padma Awards – one of the highest public awards in the country, which are awarded in three categories, namely the Padma Vibhushan, Padma Bhushan and Padma Shri. for social welfare activities, public relations activities.
In Ri Bhoi District, 2 of them are civilians.
Therefore, I have directed the Director General of Police (DGP) and (he has directed) whether it is the Traffic Police or the District Administration or the SP, that those who drive motorcycles without “Shaka or four shaka should be done strictly,” said Bah Tynsong.
They are the leaders of all parts of our country.
The Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Jowai Municipal, while talking to SP News Agency, said that it is true that the income of the JMB is only from the cleaning fee of T.30 per shit. man house.
Across the country, there are several people who have lost a lot of money because of these fraudsters.
Great thinkers and lovers of their country and nation and to hold fast to their customs and traditions, the seven elders stood up and to awaken the nation which was about to be led astray. to.
Other speakers included Justice SR Sen, Secretary, Legal Affairs, LM Sangma and Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills Ambrose Ch Marak.
In his speech, Bah JB Basaiawmoit, MDC of this constituency, said that this award is new, this is to encourage them to come later to get encouragement.
The CoSHO said that the struggle is not over and they will continue to intensify their protests against the Government of India with the cooperation of all. The Rajya Sabha will be held in June this year.
Shillong Lajong scored the first goal of the match after five minutes.
He said that all 46 blocks of the state will get new offices and Rs 2 crore 50 lakh has been allocated for the construction of new offices in 6 blocks. Other speakers at the program included the Minister in charge of Water Resources, Bah Brolding Nongsiej. , Deputy Commissioner of Mairang C&RD Block, Bah W. Nongsiej, Additional Deputy Commissioner, Bah CP Mawkon and BDO of Mairang C&RD Block, Dr. LR Hynniewta.
For those studying M.Sc and Ph.
In this regard, the Chief Secretary of the State has been authorized to appoint a special team next month to look into the matter and after that they will have to submit the report to the government to clarify whether this allegation is true or not.
On the other hand, the KSU leader said that the KSU has been in existence for 40 years and in these years it has faced many challenges for the sake of the nation. When the jaidbynriew has to come forward because the government is trying to destroy the jaidbynriew.
Regarding the request for land for the construction of the Rehabilitation Centre, Lyngdoh said the state government has decided to build the center on the site of the Tribal Research Institute at Mawlai Nongkwar. The CRPF camp will be fully implemented once the CRPF headquarters has been relocated to the New Shillong Township.
Speaking to reporters, CoMSO Secretary Roykupar Synrem said that they came to the secretariat to demand that the government should implement the ILP in Meghalaya.
After the arrival of the party leader, they will discuss thoroughly to decide on the candidate because the wish of the party members in the government is that they should win this election against the party leader. Congress candidate.
“The agreement was signed by Rajat Kumar Mishra, Additional Secretary, Economic Affairs, Finance, Government of India; Ramkumar S, Joint Secretary, Health & Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya; and Junaid Ahmad, Country Director, India for the World Bank.
The Minister congratulated all the Doctors, Nurses and staff and wished them all the best.
Regarding this demand, the Catholic schools in Garo Hills will be closed tomorrow morning. .
The conversation is currently going on without turning into a catastrophe.
On this occasion, the two organizations CSWO and TUR will convene a public meeting at Laitumkhrah on the 3rd July 2017 to discuss how to proceed in this regard. that dishonest actors should be punished by the law.
The opening ceremony of the statue will be held on 16/2/2024. The Ministry of Culture and Heritage has invited four Himas to attend the opening ceremony. The statue of the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima was erected on the place where he died in captivity by the French.
He said that the presence of many youth in the party will help bring about change. The TMC president expects that through the youth, they will bring about change in Meghalaya.
The snap of the Saint was brought and accompanied by Franciscan Fathers such as Father Alessandro Ratti and other priests.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The arrest of two members of Art Of Living by the Police is an unjust arrest. she wants to come back to the conversation.
The Bill introduced by the KHADC is to ensure that Khasi women who marry non-Khasi women will lose their minority status under the Constitution of India. in relation to the marriage when they loved each other.
Measures have been taken to provide toilets in every house.
The candidate was accompanied by the Chief Minister Cornad K Sangma and on Twitter, the Chief Minister said that he expects the people to give their support to the party. will be able to work for the people of the area.
Others who were present on the occasion were Chairman, MIDC, Rupert M Momin, Joint Secretary, Power Department, Dr. AK Verma, Additional Chief Secretary. PS Thangkhiew, Additional Chief Secretary in charge of Electricity MS Rao and CMD of NEEPCO AG West Kharkongor and others.
When asked whether the BJP parry will withdraw from the government, Marwrie said that the decision will be taken by the party leaders. give the report.
Mawryngkneng MLA Heavingstone Kharpran on Tuesday met with the Director of NEIGRIHMS, Shillong, Dr. Nalin Mehta to discuss some issues related to the students.
What makes the people confused is whether the price of goods has increased from the shopkeepers in the city or only from the shops in the village. The village shopkeepers say that the price has increased since they bought from the merchants.
The Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya has passed a resolution on 27th November 2018 to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India. In India.
Police have also strengthened their efforts to combat cyber crime.
Many talented people showcased their talents in this programme.
During the meeting, they informed that Apollo Hospital has set up Apollo Proton Therapy Cancer Centre, Tele Medical and Information Center with their Hospital in Shillong for the convenience of the public. get information where they are employed.
Others include Shibun Lyngdoh of the BJP, Armerington Kharshiing of the AAP, Richard Shabong of the CPI(M), Denis Siangshai and Iborina Shylla as independent candidates.
Minister Rangbah Duh said it is necessary to promote indigenous languages ​​in the courts so that people have a connection with the legal system and so that their confidence in it increases.
Plusningstar Kariang, Education Secretary, KSU Thyllaw Border Unit, said that the health department had a plan to build a Sub Center in the village but it could not be completed. tip you have gone without wanting to jury.
In Laitumkhrah, in the area where foreigners live on the Gora Line, the government instead of going to arrest the illegal immigrants in the area, the government has provided protection to them. The government has already destroyed all the houses in this area.
This was announced by the Additional Chief Secretary of the Government of Meghalaya in charge of the Department.
Ri Bhoi has 41 cases, West Jaintia Hills 5 cases, West Garo Hills 15 cases, South West Garo Hills 4 cases and South Garo Hills 2 cases.
At the same time, a counseling center known as Manodarshaniahm has been launched where students receive free counseling from experts on employment and personal problems. .
Also present on the occasion were Hamletson Dohling, Lahkmen Rymbui, Banteidor Lyngdoh, James K Sangma, AL Hek, Samlin Malngiang, Chief Secretary and Justice.
Out of the 19.31 lakh Composition Dealers, 11.47 lakh have filed their Quarterly Return (GSTR 4) of 59.40% and have paid tax amounting to T.579 crore. The revenue collection under the GST has reached T.1.03 lakh crore.
Shillong, May 27: The BJP in Meghalaya has congratulated the two MPs from the constituency who have been elected as ministers in the new government led by Narendra Modi.
BSF troops seized 14 cows from Lyngkhat at zeroline and arrested two persons identified as Kaldinesh Singh, 18, and Rasto Tangsong, 20, from Remai village. Pynursla Police Station, East Khasi Hills District.
On the other hand, the people of this state are waiting for the talks to be like this or whether it will be just a drinking session as in the past when many times the meeting between the two states has not been held. I have not been there until these days.
Those who wish to withdraw from the election will be held on the 26th, the election will be held on the 9th of June and the counting of votes will be held on the 16th of June.
The deceased was working as a light manufacturer at the Army Vehicle Manufacturing Plant in 101 Area.
The next 25 years will be your KartavyaKaal to continue empowering India's economic growth.
“Over the years, Bah Brian and his team have discovered more than 1700 crematoria in Meghalaya and have promoted Meghalaya in the field of crematoria around the world,” he said. Root.
When we authorized the Vice Chairman and the team to lead them to the negotiations, the Government's lack of attention began to become apparent.
Together with 800 farmers, she started a co-operative society known as the “Ieng Skhem Spice Society.
At this meeting, Dr.M Chuba Ao presented a book on the development works that the Central Government led by Narendra Modi has done in these nine years under his leadership as Prime Minister. of India.
Up to 11 drivers were arrested during the raid.
The people of Damascus area were happy to have this factory in this place but now it has become a sadness for them because all those who earn money and live in this place. factory will employ at least 700 people.
More than 150 doctors from all over the North East who work in the medical field and the army participated in the meeting. Others who attended the meeting were experts of the Central Pollution Control Board (Shillong). according to their knowledge.
Many of the people don't think about the true meaning of these words and even the managers of the market don't think that these words mean something else.
Bah Lurshai said that the ban on the entry of tourists will come into force immediately after the decision of the Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong. nature is like that.
Speaking to media after the filing of nomination papers, Bah Kharjahrin said that he will speak on the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit, the inclusion of the Khasi-Garo language in the Khyrnit. Under the Constitution of India, strengthening of security along the India-Bangla border and on the Meghalaya-Assam border and other issues of priority to the nation.
The UDP has decided that Bah Pius Marwein will be the party's candidate for the upcoming MLA elections in Ranikor and has requested Bah Pynshngainlang to join hands with the party, said Dr Jemino General Secretary. UDP. Dr Jemino also called on all the ethnic parties to unite and support Bah Pius so that he can ensure victory in this election.
From time to time the HNLC does not oppose peace when the Government opens the door, but it is the Government that implements this issue. There is still a need to set rules to surrender the weapons first and then talk, this is just a joke.
The 1917iTEAMS was supported by the Ministry of Agriculture, the Ministry of Agriculture, the Ministry of Dohkha and other government departments such as ICAR, the Central Agriculture University, MBDA and the State E-Governance Mission Team (S.e.
The UDP, which won only six seats in 2018 (and later eight seats), has won three ministers and one post speaker.
Regarding the election to the Legislative Assembly, he said it is up to the party leaders if they allow him to give ticket to the Legislative Assembly. He is ready to accept to contest this election and if the party does not qualify he is ready to be a faithful worker of the party.
Speaking on the occasion, Ma Deibormi Syad, President of Khliehriat Block Congress Committee.
In another incident on the 2nd of this month, Radheshyam Singh was found lying on the ground at the BSF headquarters in Mawpat. He was taken to NEIGRIHMS hospital. that you are dead.
The Chief Minister said that the Government of Meghalaya will take action to create mechanisms to resolve the issues of the Chiefs who should preserve and protect the customs and traditions in Meghalaya. He said that this issue will have to be considered thoroughly as at the same time the preparations are underway to amend the 6th Schedule by the State Government, ADCs and the Government of India, which covers about 40 Autonomous States. District Councils in the North East (NE), and this demand from the Chief Executive Members will have to be considered how to shape it to be in line with the aspirations of the people.
Shillong, Lber 05: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah HS Shylla today said that the office has lifted the temporary suspension of the Syiem of Sohra Hima, Pa,im Freeman Singh Syiem. The investigation has been completed against him in connection with the incident at Raid Majai.
This is a sign of ethnic hatred in the state.
The number of accounts and post offices in the rural areas has increased to 15,97,574 through various schemes, 1,44,142 accounts for girls under 50 years of age, 28,416 Life Postal Insurance and have already connected 500 villages through the Bima Gram Yojana.
Jowai, July 27: The CEM of JHADC has set the date for tomorrow 28th-jan-2014 to hold an interview for the people he has appointed. Sop inside the JHADC in the past few days without advertisement as usual according to the rules and regulations, they have expressed their anger and strong opposition, because of this theft of knieh. The rights of the educated and poor youth of the District.
With hard work and minutes without wasting his time he has now got a government job here in Shillong.
Prime Minister Duh congratulated the members of the security forces in the border areas who ensure the security of the country and protect the welfare of India.
The important thing is to relax.
One case of COVID-19 has been confirmed in Ri Bhoi District today, while 10 cases have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills, one case in Ri Bhoi District and one case in Garo Hills.
“In fact, the people of Meghalaya have been waiting for the NGT to show mercy to the thousands of people of Meghalaya who are living in poverty on the 2nd of this month. They have been mining, billing and trading coal but this has not happened according to their expectations.
On this occasion, Amit Paul and Gabriel Mawlong entertained the participants with their songs.
Last year, 700 participants and 7 participants from other countries, this time they will invite special participants from the countries of the world. south of the Asian continent.
The damage to these two works has cost billions of rupees and also the damage to the well which was built to protect the Kher Pyrkan has threatened because the water has reached the houses and if If nothing is done quickly, it could lead to more tragic incidents and damage to the people living in this Dong Pyrkan.
When SP News Agency visited several banks, it was found that the distribution of the new currency to various branches of the banks is still low where the bank employees have to go. take it again because you don't have enough money.
In talks with the authorities, relief teams and Railway officials, Myntri Rangbah Duh stressed on the work of the entire Government to provide relief in this tragic incident.
He also urged the children to avoid bad habits and part-time schooling.
The International Federation of Muay Thai Associations (IFMTA) recently conducted a training session for its men and women athletes as part of its worldwide preparations for the Olympic Games. India, which is located in the state of Kerala.
On the other hand, the union has raised the question how the government can allocate land to companies when the government does not have land.
Police have arrested the manager of the hotel on the complaint of FRI of CSWO and TUR. The hotel is run by the son of the minister. HDR Lyngdoh's house.
He said that Prof. Shukla's call for the meeting of the Academic Council came after the final report of the Joint Action Committee (JAC) comprising NEHUTA, NEHUNSA, MCTA, METTA-NEHU and NEHUSU. and other affiliated groups will end tomorrow Thursday.
The driver of the truck said that the Supari was brought from Myanmar and brought to Silchar with the intention of delivering it to Barpeta in Assam. Umkiang Police Station to take action according to the law.
After transferring through several hands, it is sold to end-users in Bangladesh Taka 800 to 900 per pill.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah W. Biam, Principal, Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat, Bah HG Lyngdoh, Superintendent of Police, South. Dr.M.Marbaniang, District Medical & Health Officer, Mawkyrwat.
As part of the strengthening of the Nongkrem Block Congress Committee (EKHDC), SG Khongiong, General Secretary, has confirmed the proposal of the House to appoint Lamborsing Nongrum as the Working Committee. President, Nongkrem Block Congress Committee (NBCC).
Shillong, November 16: U RN Ravi, Governor of Nagaland, will be sworn in as Governor of Meghalaya tomorrow morning in the absence of Tathagata Roy.
Not only that, the KSU has alleged that the BSF has also led Bangladeshis to commit these acts against the land owners.
At the same time, the KSU did not forcefully enter the room of the CEM of JHADC, but they received an appointment from 10 am but they were able to meet the CEM until 2 pm. .
The Minister said that if this behavior of COMSO continues, the government cannot just watch, it has to look into it. But he made it clear to them that what you are doing in Byrnihat and Ratachera is one thing because the DIP of infiltration has said that.
On the same day, 20 cows were also seized from Ganganagar in South West Khasi Hills District.
The party has vowed not to stand idly by, but will continue to investigate and take strong action on this issue until it is ensured that no non-tribal should take action. If the JHADC does not do its duty in relation to the issue of Trading License and the Employees' Service License.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: As part of the scheme to bring unity in the country which is a scheme within the armed forces, 35 persons with disabilities have been brought to visit the Raj Bahvan Shillong today. They were from Ferrando Rehab Centre, Agartala and became employees of the centre.
He said that in the last few years there has been a change in the development works in the region. He said that the Prime Minister of India has already made it clear that something needs to be done for the the northeast of India and has done as it is today.
At the opening of the new parish, the Archbishop empowered Father Sebastian Tirkey with the Confession of the Apostles' Faith, the promise to serve the people of God, the love of the four ends of the altar. the throne of confession and the presentation of the Key of the Parish to the First Judge.
New Delhi, Jymmang 16: To encourage women to study science, the Ministry of Science and Technology has set up a standing committee to encourage women to study science.
Police have arrested Tarson Lymba, 58, from Dawki and Ebakordor Nongpluh, 26, from Shillong.
This program is the beginning of hope for the young athletes by opening up the opportunity for them to get proper training with the participation of skilled trainers.
He said he will convene a meeting with the doctors in charge to find out why the shortage is so high and after that a decision will be taken. Dkhar Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District.
The Chief Minister, Cornad K Sangma, has sent his condolences on the death of Robert, saying it is a loss not only to the family but to the state as well.
In Shillong, the curfew has been lifted from 5 pm to 12 noon from this morning.
I believe that there should be a change in the system, but at the same time there should be a change in the society.
Shillong, Naitung 10: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KSU) has demanded that the government should set up another Community and Rural Development Block in Umdohlun.
On the other hand, the NPP leader, while congratulating the CEM of KHADC, Bah PN Syiemjong for his victory, said that all these will make the state government to be able to please note that you have not introduced any Bill in the House.
Referring to the MUDA By-law, the CEM said that the KHADC will now send to the DCA the By-laws drafted by the District Council regarding the land under the jurisdiction of the District Council. The KHADC and the Government will improve it and issue a government notice that the areas outside the Municipal will fall under the jurisdiction of the KHADC. The government was led by the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma, in the presence of DCA Minister Bah HDR Lyngdoh and officers. The SRS team was led by Dr W Kharshiing.
Regarding the construction of houses, the owners do not need to obtain permission from MUDA, they have to obtain only if they build dewbilat houses.
He said that now if you go abroad to study, one of the requirements is to know the language of that place, but it is sad to see that in Meghalaya when we write letters to the Instead of writing in Khasi, the government has to write in English among us.
In a statement signed by President Charlie J. Rani and Secretary Bah Teibor Shadap, the union expressed its anger after receiving a complaint from the shopkeepers who sell goods in the area. They are still under the Forest Department at 7Mer Upper Shillong.
: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma has warned that colleges recognized by the NEHU may be affected if they fail to implement the National Education Policy (NEP) .
New Delhi, May 16: The Secretary to the President of India, Omita Paul, today inaugurated a fishing training course at Rashtrapati Bhavan at the residence of the President of India.
He said that the District Council has the authority to protect the land, the illegal entry of foreigners and many other matters which fall under the authority of the MDC. He said that he found that many of the households of the young people who have learned education do not get jobs.
On this day, the people from all over the Khasi Jaintia Hills have come to the Nongkrem Festival to celebrate this annual festival.
The total number of confirmed cases is 112, 19 cases in hospital, 14 cases in East Khasi Hills, 3 cases in West Garo Hills, 1 case in North Garo Hills and 1 case in East Garo Hills.
Also present on the occasion were the Rangbah Shnong and the Meghalaya Police.
It is learned that on the 2nd of this month, u Bah was walking and standing and people saw him inside Nongtalang village but he disappeared from his house at 2.30 pm. It is not known where he went until people found him today at Amlympiang village with injuries to his hands and feet.
As the President of FKJGP Mawsynram Circle, he has been reminding the government authorities to listen and turn their eyes to the area which still has many shortcomings especially in the field of education. to the street.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: After a joint meeting was organized under the supervision of Dr SP Saikia and Dr (Ms) V Surong, Before entering the world famous museum, the Commandant of NESA along with others visited the Don Bosco Museum. The Chairman of NESA urged the students to work hard without wasting their precious time that God the Creator has given us. Because there are many opportunities now open even to the children from those who have passed class V above, especially to those who have dropped out of school for unavoidable reasons.
Speaking to media on Tuesday, Dr. Nonglait also alleged that the State Government has taken too stingy on the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi Language in the Khyrnit Baphra.
Another thing that the state has is the riew ka siew and the riam ka beit.
Shillong, July 30: The Director General of Police (DSP) Dr RL Bishnoi today said that 11 persons have been arrested, 5 Scotty vehicles have been seized and 11 mobile phones have been seized from the suspects. A man was shot dead at Mahari Petrol Pump in Mawlai.
The Principal of the Synod School, Kong D Shullai, distributed the prizes to all the winners along with the buskit.
Furthermore, he expressed his happiness to bring the traditional Khasi music abroad, 'I have always wanted to perform the traditional Khasi music at the world competitions, as I have always taken the initiative to understand. well about the Khasi surs'
Shillong, Nailur 26: The Minister in charge of Disaster Management, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, on Tuesday said that they will write to the Forest Department to cut down the trees along the road as it is dangerous if they are not strong enough.
A meeting has been arranged with all the Leaders of the Seng Bhalang, Seng Sainpyrthe, Hima Chiefs, Villages, Leaders, MPs, MLAs, MDCs, Leaders, anyone who is concerned about the delay of the Governor. to sign the Ordinance which is the Amendment to the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act which has been submitted to the Governor.
Regarding the condition of the road from Mawsynram to Kynshluid, Thieddieng which has been constructed since 1973 is still in poor condition and the Syntein road which covers four villages, Kenmynsaw, Kenbah, Jympiat, Domskhong and Although the road has been under construction since 1974, it is still covered with stones.
On this occasion, momentous awards were also distributed to two secondary schools: Kymprup Secondary School and Little Flower Secondary School in recognition of the hard work of the teachers and the school itself for the Cent Percent Pass Percentage of all the teachers. students who have passed SSLC in the past years.
Shillong, November 03: The British High Commissioner to India, Dr. Andrew Fleming and the British Deputy High Commissioner today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma at his residence. he is from Shillong.
Other government officials who attended the function included Bah P. Tynsong, Block Development Officer, Pynursla CR&D Block, Sandra Rynga, Deputy Director, Social Welfare, K. Marbaniang, Deputy Director, Social Welfare; East Khasi Hills District, Rangbah Shnong and teachers of Pynursla area were also present on the occasion.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: Shiphew villages in Sonapur area of ​​East Jaintia Hills District have lifted their night curfew after a meeting with the Deputy Commissioner of the district. .
To date, more than 34,000 farmers out of 70,000 have been trained as Para-extension Workers.
The Khasi Hills Democratic Front (KDF) has decided to hold its Budget Session again. which will run from July 24 to July 28, 2023.
Various schemes have been implemented on this occasion.
According to the residents of the area, the collapse of the road happened at Mawksir River. The collapse of the road in this area has affected dozens of villages which had to pass through this road. in the midst of trouble.
The arrival of Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MDC Mawkynrew Constituency was welcomed by the residents of Tanglei Village from both sides of the Village Road. Before the start of the meeting, a prayer was offered by Kong Sila Rynjah followed by the youth of the Shnong.
Shillong, July 17: The NYKS, Shillong in collaboration with the Ministry of Sports and Youth Affairs, Govt.
He expressed his satisfaction with the completion of the construction of the administrative building of the Dr APJ Abdul Kalam Center which was funded by the DoNER through the NEC. the leading think tank in the region.
Shillong, July 31: U Bah Pynshai Manik Syiem, former MLA from Mylliem, has filed his nomination papers as an independent candidate for the MLA elections to the Legislative Assembly to be held on 27/2/2023 from this constituency.
On the other hand, the KSU will not allow the mining of uranium in this country.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that the proposal to set up a special police force is to curb the protests and The government has to spend for this group.
When inquired, he said that according to the information received from the village authorities, these robbers came in a group of about six people.
Shillong, July 27: Member of the National Commission for Safai Karamcharis of the Union Government today said that Meghalaya is the lowest paid state in India. field.
In addition, an Inter College Quiz Competition and Seminar on “Enhancing Accountability through Geo-spatial Technology” was held on 24th November in collaboration with the North Eastern Space Applications Center (NESAC), Tnat You Haw Haw.
The Minister informed the House that the Flybig has asked the government for time until the end of this month. make a decision.
Police have registered a case at Khliehriat Police Station under the case number No.No.195 (11) u/s /392 IPC. These provisions are intended to kill and rob.
The opening ceremony was inaugurated by Dr Mukul Sangma Chief Minister on 8th July
According to the invitation, all the MLAs and MDCs from Mawlai C&RD Block, Sengbhalang, Mawlai Town Dorbar and Rangbah Shnong will attend the meeting.
The KSU has also expressed its regret that the government departments that are still unemployed have not employed these students who have passed. Select appointment’.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: COMSO strongly condemns the statement of AL Hek that there are only about 30,000 people in Meghalaya who support ILP. The man who is growing older and wiser has become more and more foolish.
Samla Pynnehbor Mylliemngap has won the gold medal at the Asiad Kickboxing Championship 2016 held in Turkmenistan Ashgabat. The gold medal winners were Ibadarishisha Mukhim from Lumparing, Pynnhebor from Smit, Nathaniel Kurkalang from Mylliem, Ebilities Diengdoh from Erpakon Nongpoh, Miranda Mukhim from Mawkynrew and Heimonmi Sukhim from Jowai. Monica Nongrum is from Umsaw.
On this day, besides the medical assistance, the medicines were also distributed to the people as directed by the doctors.
The Superintendent of Police (SIT) has been set up to assist the Investigating Officer (IO) in conducting a thorough investigation into the incident. They have arrested those involved in this robbery which has shocked and encouraged the people of the state.
Schools, colleges and government departments will be closed tomorrow.
Besides the works that have already been implemented, including roads, paths, streets and footpaths, there are also many works that Bah AL Hek in his leadership has brought in different villages of in Pynthorumkhrah Constituency.
Mairang, November 21: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, who is also the MLA of the constituency, today inaugurated the Pig Multiplier Farm. The State Government has visited Mawsawa Village.
In expressing its support and condolences to the protests for the demand and enforcement of the indigenous rights of the indigenous people of this state, the MPHRC expresses its deep sorrow over the silence and negligence of the Government. Instead of looking for other ways to provide special protection for the rights of the indigenous people to curb illegal immigration, they have fought against and turned away the voice of the people. “It cannot be said that in the past few days, the state has witnessed many acts of violence and violation of human rights,” said Bah Dino DG Dympep Chairman of the MPHRC. Responding to these violence, we as the people should strongly condemn the State Government for its inability to curb these violence and its inability to provide a fair trial.
Dr Jitendra Singh delivered a digital speech in which he said that there has been progress in India's space sector.
On the other hand, the BJP party, which has two MLAs, Sanbor Shullai said the decision will be up to the party and the decision of the party will be the final decision.
Shillong, July 24: The meeting scheduled to be held today to discuss the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam has been canceled due to the Chief Secretary of Assam. there are things that cannot be avoided in Assam.
The Cabinet meeting with the Vice President at Raj Bhavan was an honor and a welcome at the same time during his visit to Meghalaya.
The arrested are Ferdinand Kharkamni, President, KSU North Khasi Hills, Son Nongkhlaw, Member, KSU Central Body, Jayand Sylliang, Sports Secretary, KSU North Khasi Hills and Sabathani Lyngdoh, Assistant Office Secretary, KSU North Khasi Hills.
While Banshai was speaking, the Magistrate came and said that it is not allowed to show pictures of the children. At this time, Banshai said to the Magistrate that the pictures have already appeared on social media. neither did they put their pictures on the wall.
Through Twitter, Chief Minister Cornad K Sangma said the government welcomes the HNLC's proposal for unconditional peace talks.
New Delhi, July 23: The PM CARES Fund Trust has allocated up to 50,000 locally manufactured ventilators to Government-run COVID hospitals in all States and UTs. also T.1000 crore for the welfare of foreign workers.
Therefore it is necessary to get proper sports facilities, modern selection procedures and proper training for the development of players and also to be able in achieving for to qualify for the Olympic Games.
The State Government has encouraged the development of agriculture without the use of chemical fertilizers and this will also be done in a proper manner and to provide fertilizers at the right time.
During the meeting with the Chief Minister, the Ranikor MLA urged the government to open two C&RD Block, one Khonjoy and one Wahkaji.
“What we fear is that drugs will destroy this present generation and endanger the future generation.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The residents of Thian Nongjri village in South West Khasi Hills District have requested the authorities to release the youth without injury.
Shillong, Nailar 21: The Chief Engineer of PWD in charge of roads on Tuesday said that the master rolls in the PWD will not be dismissed, but the appointment of new ones has been banned.
India cannot tolerate the actions of insurgents who lack that sense of humanity.
This has previously shown that these two people do not have the desire to work for the good of the area but they only want to show that they are the heroes of the district.
Conrad said the incident happened when the opposition leader was prime minister in 2017 and the investigation was conducted in the same year.
During the meeting, the ADG of the NCC informed the Governor that the members of the NCC have helped in the fight against COVID-1
In the North East, there are 1.89 lakh Income Tax filers.
Shillong, March 14: The Civic Action Program of the BSF Battalion 108 concluded today at Dawki with the final between Lamin and Pyrdiwah.
Sadly, after their demand, the corporation has issued an order that all the day laborers have to sign a contract which they do not understand and do not know what is written in that contract. judge this action by the authorities.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: Ka Seng Khasi today celebrated its 121st Anniversary at Weiking Square, Shillong, amidst the COVID-19 pandemic. .
As we know that Jaintia Hills is one of the districts most affected by the Covid 19 pandemic, therefore it is necessary to get 100 beds PRE FAB CORONA CARE CENTERS so that it can survive. to fight against this disease in this district as a whole.
“I would like to thank the Department of Arts and Culture and those who have been involved in the creation of this song and I would like to thank them for their hard work from writing the lyrics and the beautiful voice,” he said. state.
The vaccination campaign was based on sections of the community in need of vaccination and health workers working in government or private sector including ICDS workers who will get this medicine first in this first phase.
Shillong, Lber 19: Meghalaya has three trade routes with Bangladesh which have not been implemented yet despite the fact that the Custom Department of the Union Government has already given them the recognition as Land Custom Stations.
Regarding the expenditure of the candidates, the Election Department will convene a meeting with the banks tomorrow morning to discuss the withdrawal and deposit of funds.
The struggle to bring this Police Outpost to this area is because the area at Umsherpi Bridge is not safe for the traffic of the people as there have been many robberies in this area.
The Meghalaya High Court through a Single Bench of Justice HS Thangkhiew on 5th November 2022 and a Division Bench comprising Chief Justice Sanjib Banarjee and Justice W. Diengdoh on 22nd November 2023 has repealed the order issued by the State Government on 23rd October 2021 and also the provisions of the Meghalaya State Education Policy A group of teachers including Brightstarwell Marbaniang, Dr. Batskhem Myrboh and others have filed a complaint against the Government.
He said that just as the strong branches of a tree need a strong stem, so the success of this training center depends on a strong foundation.
Shillong, June 24: The MIYF (MIYF) has demanded that CCTV cameras should be installed to arrest the trucks that fled from the checkpoint. All the schools which have received assistance through the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) in the state which started on the 19th of this month have ended today, said Aristotle C. Rymbai President of Meghalaya SSA School. The MSSASA Sengkmie said that the three-day strike from the 26th to the 28th of this month has been postponed.
Speeches were also delivered by AL Hek MLA Pynthorumkhrah, Pastor Shylla, Amos Dkhar, Rangbah Shnong, Cyril Dkhar and others.
The Minister said that education and training institutions should look at the development of skills of people across the country and not only in urban areas.
The festival was sponsored by the Sports Department of the State Government. The festival will showcase to the world the existence of traditional costumes and this is exactly the foundation of the Bri u Hynniewtrep. .
Shillong, July 12: The fares for local taxis and autorickshaws will be based on the meter system in accordance with the Motor Vehicle Act. “It's a good idea to have a job,” said the Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong.
The 20 annual conventions held so far show the commitment to the beliefs of democracy within the Legislative Assembly, Birla said.
The party wants this area to develop in all aspects, economically, commercially, and people from this area to come forward in all aspects, but what has made this neighborhood Look what happened to the Dorbar Shnongs, but it was only for small reasons that they were dismissed, because we didn't elect leaders who will be those great thinkers whether in the Assembly or in the District Council as well.
On this occasion, the villagers also submitted a petition to Bah Prestone, in which they demanded that the government should improve the road inside the village, to improve the UP School, solar panels. Street Light.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: There have been 941 recoveries from COVID-19 in Meghalaya today, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today said. now there are 25266 people.
To condemn the killings by the insurgents in the district, the people, civil society organizations, students today came out without fear to condemn the killings by the insurgents who committed these crimes. rumnar, such as kidnapping, extortion and murder.
China has said it stands by Russia's invasion of Ukraine, but has declared and acknowledged that its relations with Russia have no limits. it accused the United States (U.S.) and the European Union (NATO) of inciting and inciting the conflict.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) West Jaintia Hills District has strongly warned against members of an armed group known as the United People's Front of Karbi Longri (UPFKL) who try to intimidate the Khasi-Pnars living in in the villages under Block-1
The President said she is happy to see that the society in the North East is encouraging women to play sports and to take up sports as a source of income.
Avoid the use of signal phones and other electrical appliances that can cause a fire.
Sharma said that according to Section 13 of the University Act, the Visitor (Governor) is the advisor and advisor for the day-to-day running of the University.
She said that everyone knows that the sun rises first in the northeast and spreads light across the country.
Earlier, a delegation from the country led by the Minister of Electricity and Innovation, RK Singh took part in the High-Level Segment of the Middle East and North Africa (MENA) Climate Week. 2023, which will be held in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia from 8 to 12 March
It was agreed to repair some parts of the water pipes which have been lost and which have disrupted the traffic of the people.
He said that as of now, the area has been backward in all aspects and there has been no change in terms of development whether it is in terms of transportation or roads.
The KSU is not afraid and will not allow these people to discourage and attack our fellow citizens,” he said.
Therefore, for the benefit of the people, in connection with the deterioration of this road, EJHTO&TA, demands from the relevant authorities from the state government to the central government to repair it immediately. This road is the budlum of many states in India, especially Meghalaya.
Male smokers are 11.2%, females are 3.7%, smokers are 8.1%, male smokers are 11.1%, females are 6%, a total of 9%.
At this meeting, it was discussed that all should work together in all aspects to fight against illegal activities on the border as at present the BGB alleges that the smuggling of drugs from India to Bangladesh. you are well.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the Chief Minister in the presence of the Chief Minister's Secretary, Bah Prestone Tynsong, the Chief Minister said: that the demand of the people of Ranikor area is legitimate.
Shillong, Nailar 07: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and his Cabinet today met with Dr. Mansukh Mandaviya, Minister of Health and Family Welfare. in the state of Meghalaya.
He said that these people have been living in this area for 200 years, they should be allowed to live in this area because they are government employees working in various government offices. in fact, they should have been allowed to stay there.
Also avoid places with water such as ponds, wells, beaches, swimming pools and beaches.
“Ka Seng also invites and urges other friends of the Sengbhalang and the residents of East Jaintia Hills District to support this strike of the Seng so that it will bring benefits to many churches.
At the same time, the resignation of Bah THS Bonney, Working President was accepted and the party has decided not to contest any more candidates in the MP election
On the same day, the Chief Minister also introduced two amendments to the Meghalaya Minerals Cess (Amendment) Bill, 2020 and the Meghalaya Farmers' Commission (Empowerment) Amendment Bill,
Rymbui said that it is a pleasure that the SSA teachers have received their rights and the teachers are also happy that the central government has released the rights of the SSA teachers. their money.
On the first day, the JAC visited Mawtamur village to meet with the residents of 63 households to discuss their issues regarding their stay in Umdum. to this day the Sohiong kingdom still claims to fall under its jurisdiction.
When asked, the Minister said that the cases filed by the NIA against the HNLC leaders are old.
New Delhi, November 24: The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi will address the closing ceremony of the 80th All India Presiding Officers Conference to be held on 26th November at 12:30 pm through video conferencing. .
Speaking at the opening ceremony, the Chief Minister said that the purpose of the new block is to bring the work of the government closer to the people. expand to the villages.
He said that the family without any relationship with the language, is for this reason that now there is no longer that feeling of love for the nation, if there are no pleasures, this love for the nation has disappeared.
Of these, nearly 15 crore people have participated in the Shramdaan, in which they have volunteered in 3.68 lakh SBM activities. the removal of more than 10,700 land plots.
In her speech, Dr Jennifer thanked the government officials and the villagers who have helped the foundation to achieve this goal.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: A young boy has gone missing from his home in Mawlai Kynton Massar, Shillong.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The Ministry of Development and Development of the Union Government has written to all the Chief Secretaries of the 28 States and Union Territories to take action to rehabilitate the 3,784 villages which have exceeded the population of 5,000 as shown in the 2011 census as urbanized villages.
They also discussed the income generation and other measures to improve the country's capacity in the fight against the disease.
“If this continues, it means that these people have become more angry as happened in the past few months when these Kharmetor robbers carried weapons to shoot and injure two Khasi taxi drivers in Khyndai. lad," the statement said.
Shillong, Nailur 28: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government has allocated two cabinet posts to the Meghalaya government.
This government has appointed various commissioners and has brought about changes in the recruitment scheme but these are just myths and have become a joke in front of the people. implementation of the ILP but it has been found that it is only a joke.
The negligence of the State Government has prompted the KPLT and the Assam Police to take advantage of the situation to disrupt the peace and order in the area.
The DC said that the opening of shops in Iewduh will be in accordance with the rules directed by the office according to the order of the High Court of Meghalaya, in which all shops have to open in front of their shops. Tick ​​and em.
The two Indian aircraft carriers, INS Mumbai and INS Aditya, besides activities related to the country, will also hold many meetings between the naval forces during these three days. of these two countries and this will further strengthen the relationship between the two countries in the future.
Shillong, November 04: The Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (CoMSO) today met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik to discuss two issues, the Meghalaya Resident Safety Amendment Bills. 2020 and on the demand for Inner Line Permit in Meghalaya.
Traffic on this road is heavy as it connects other states like Tripura, Mizoram and the upper parts of Assam.
The celebration began with the unfurling of the Indian flag by Rev. WF Iawphniaw, Executive Secretary of Mawphlang Presbytery followed by the patriotic song.
If we give advice in the export sector by pointing out this multiplicity of practices in the country and work to get a foothold in foreign markets, our youth will get jobs.
Shillong, Nailar 23: The residents of Mawlai Mawkynroh village today at 1 pm arrested a suspected thief named Joseph Nongspung of Lyngkyrding. while he was trying to steal a tin of oil from a shop of FE Enterprise.
The restoration of the past.
Regarding this incident, u Bah Pious said that a letter will be sent to the Minister in charge of Disaster Management tomorrow morning urging the government to provide assistance to those who have been affected. they are the households who have suffered this tragedy.
Police will also conduct their own investigation.
He said that financial matters in elections in India should be looked into from the impact of elections on various activities and the benefits of some voters and households.
He is not only a teacher but also a teacher of how to love and respect the country and the nation.
The JSU urges the public to be clean in this area and not to spread plastic bags and plastic bags as this place is not just a place for walking. but it is also a well of water.
Shillong, Naitung 05: The Regional College of Physical Education, Panisagar, North Tripura is inviting applications for the B.P.Ed course for the year 2013-1
Shillong, Sept 12: The Meghalaya Progressive Special Educators Association (IEDSS) has sent a letter to the Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui urging the government to pay the outstanding salaries of the students. October 2022 to date.
For PHH rice, 5 kilos per person will be distributed at the price of 3 tyngka per kilo, for AAY rice, 35 kilos per card at the price of 3 tyngka per kilo while for Non-NFSA rice, 7.215 kilograms of cards are sold at a price of 13 tyngka per kilogram.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: A total of 153 candidates have registered for the MLA elections today.
The Union Minister in charge of Defense and Cooperation said that the development of the North Eastern Region has been stalled due to the lack of funds to the North East Council. introduce a new role in relation to the resources of the North East.
On the construction of a new market in Khalipara by foreigners suspected of being involved in the rape of Bah Lurshai Hynniewta in Ichamati, Bah Pyniaid said that they are still waiting for the case. The District Council will not allow foreigners to set up markets in the area of ​​their choice as Ichamati is still within the boundary of the District Council. .
As we have heard in the media, the two Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya have decided to hand over the investigation to the Central Bureau of Investigation or the CBI. the victims are still far from receiving their rights.
Shillong, Naitung 08: Four persons have tested positive for COVID-19 in the state, three from BSF and one from Tripura who came for treatment at NEIGRIHMS, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya today said. The total number of cases in Meghalaya has risen to 54 with 43 recoveries, according to the Chief Minister. via Twitter.
The purpose of this is to encourage the people to make wine from the fruits grown in the state.
This order shall take effect immediately on November 12, 2023 until further notice.
The Model College in Rongjeng, East Garo Hills has also been completed.
The people who came to get medicine are from Umsyiem, Khongwang, Umkrem and Pyrdwah villages in East Khasi Hills District, Dawki and Bakur villages in West Jaintia Hills District.
On these two issues, the Prime Minister said that the Education Policy will be released within two months to seek the opinion of the people on the policy prepared by the government.
The Seng is not surprised by the actions of Bah Shylla as he has been accustomed to misleading the Jaitbynriew in these years and who has misled many on the uranium issue in
Earlier, she visited Aizawl, Agartala and Guwahati.
The Assam Rifles has received the most gallantry awards among all the armed forces in its long history.
said the police.
Paiem Richard Syiem said that after the fishing festival, the Raid will hold another ritual known as 'Beh Huleng' in which the elders drive the Shrieh Huleng into the forest. or they shall bring it to the ingsad of the ingsunon to perform the ritual.
Shillong, Naitung 19: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today said that the appointment of Welljune Syiemlieh as the Principal of KHNAM has been successful. The Secretary to the Council said that the Council needs his presence to continue working as many works are pending.
The meeting was attended by representatives of various associations invited by the MSOA to take part in the 3rd North East Games 2024 and several decisions were taken on the preparations.
The ventilators imported from Denmark are ready to be delivered from New Delhi today for use in health facilities in Maharashtra.
Over 425 nursing personnel and faculty members from across Meghalaya participated in a two-day intensive workshop on OT Nursing, organized by NEIGRIHMS’ Continuing Nursing Education (CNE) Cell from 27– 28June 2024.
"He also said that many people will speak, criticize and accuse this statement of his.
“A big cleanliness program will be held on the 1st of March or Sunday at 10 pm.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma on Friday promised to follow up with the Central Government to declare NEIGRIHMS as an Institute of National Importance (INI). .
On these issues, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya will hold talks with the Central Government, where the two countries will discuss how to move forward in this joint effort to develop I've got a book in this area.
The party also urged him to listen, as the people have given their trust to him during the elections.
Boldness Lyngdoh Nongum, one of the members of the KSA, said that it is sad to see that trucks have entered the area to escape from the police. The management of the square has been able to shondur one of the trucks which has entered the square.
The union expects the relevant authorities to take the necessary action and if they do not believe, the union will not hesitate to take other measures to take the necessary action.
The arrested children are students of class X and XII. The five arrested have tattoos on their bodies.
The Nonglang Hima has issued a certificate to Nodisor P Marak to be the Superintendent of Garojan Village which falls under the Nonglang Sirdarship. This certificate was issued on 02/05/1
At the same time, they raised the question why the NEIAH authorities do not allow the students to have a Student Union if the students of NEIGHRIMS are allowed to attend this university but not. Because all these schools have not been funded by the Central Government, they have raised questions.
The Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) has taken a solicitation against the beating of foreign workers working for the construction of the JN Complex, Shillong on Tuesday.
Referring to Dr Mukul Sangma as the Chief Minister, he praised him for his good work for the state, but there is a misunderstanding with Bah PN Syiem CEM of the state. KHADC and as a large party have always had differences of opinion but this cannot be resolved.
Four MDCs from the Congress and four from the UDP have joined the BJP today. The meeting was held to welcome the MDCs. The meeting of the JHADC candidate for the BJP will be held tomorrow at the party office at Bivar Road Shillong.
On this occasion, it seems that information was requested through RTI by Ref.
The Government took this decision at a meeting of Heads of State chaired by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Ministry of Home Affairs, Bah Prestone Tynsong, which was attended by Heads of Police, Head Officers and Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills.
“It is worth mentioning here that the State Government in the past has decided not to allocate any government land to the private sector.
Shillong, Iaiong 13: After receiving information from all the Deputy Commissioners of the state regarding public transport, the Cabinet has decided that, in three urban areas, Shillong, Jowai and Tura will remain closed until further notice.
Shillong, March 27: The Moopyniein Village Council has sent a letter to the Doloi of Jowai District to request for the recognition of the Moopyniein Village Council as a full village according to the Establishment Act. of the Doloi/Sirdar and Waheh Shnong Act 2015 in accordance with Section 20 of the Act.
In a petition submitted to the Director of the Institute, HYC President Bah Roy Kupar Synrem said that the number of seats for MBBS at NEIGRIHMS has been allocated only for Meghalaya. The Admission Notice for the year 2023-2024 is only 14 seats out of 50 seats.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: The President of the HSPDP, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, on Tuesday said that the party has not yet announced its candidate for the 2018 MLA election.
On the other hand, Dr Mukul Sangma said that during the meeting, they discussed and the government is ready to cooperate with Germany in this regard and this is through the central government. which was negotiated would only be if the central government granted permission.
Shillong, Lber 16: The Election Commission of India (ECI) led by Rajiv Kumar, USS Sandhu and Election Commissioner Gyanesh Kumar today announced the MP election. 412 seats for General, 84 seats for Scheduled Castes and 47 seats for Scheduled Tribes will start from 19th March June 2024 and the counting of votes will be held on 4th July
“The scientific trick of the poiei is to show that they are playing the victim card while from within they are the ones who started to incite and attack the Khasi as happened recently at Keatinge Road and NEHU,” said the KSU. “As a nation, we must unite and organize in such a time when a terrible flood is waiting to cover the Khasi minority.
During the meeting, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya requested the support of the Central Government to preserve the various species of fish in the state as the fish farming industry also falls under its jurisdiction. Giriraj Singh.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Book Line Manager Ramesh Tiwari said he has been holding the Book Fair in Shillong since 2001 and it is still going on.
“It is worth mentioning that at the Cabinet meeting which discussed before taking the final decision to approve the wording, the BJP MLA who is also a Minister in the Government of Meghalaya, Bah AL Hek said He said that the State Anthem should not be released without including the Jaintia language and that the composers should write the song again.
Speaking against other political parties or their workers based on unfounded allegations should be avoided.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: At the 10th Annual General Meeting of the Khasi Authors' Society held at Shillong College, Shillong, the President of the Khasi Authors' Society, Dr. DRL Nonglait and Vice President, Dr. KD Ramsiej. Rev. GR Sancley who turned 90 and joined KAS along with 13 other new members, including Rev. Dr. OL Snaitang, Prof. Antoinette Kharmalki, Dr. Rollingstone Wankhar, Dr. Solony Bareh, Dr. Natalie Joanne Diengdoh, Dr. Joy Fully Sawkmie, Mrs. Sweety Diengdoh, Mrs. John Robert Khongjee, Mrs. Wansalan E. Dhar, Mrs. Pynjopthiaw Nongrum, Mrs. Kolan Jones Diengdoh, and Bah Bikram L. Lightless.
On the allegation against the incumbent Deputy CEM, the CEM said that the former EM cannot be blamed because the rule clearly states that anything done by the EC should be done. According to the CEM, Bah Pynshngian said that the money was allocated by the 13th Finance Commission which is T.5.97 crore and not as it appeared in the newspaper.
The annual conference organized by IIM Shillong is aimed at teaching people how to understand income generation and at the same time how to preserve the environment.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: The Government of Meghalaya today announced the appointment of Bah Wilfred Nongsiej Secretary, Secretary, District Council Affairs Department as the Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District. in Mairang.
The Meghalaya government has not yet informed the public that it has done anything in connection with this incident.
Furthermore, there have been several mission-mode schemes to promote peace in the lives of the people.
Even the mynder who have settled in the state cannot be removed from the state by the state government.
After the preparation of this section, the ration cards will not be distributed to the households within two months.
PETA has lodged a complaint with the district authorities of West Garo Hills.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the president of the party, Bah Aristotle Rymbai, said that those who sent the letter should sign and give their full names, but as it is now, this letter has been signed and written by the president and secretary.
The BJYM has also strongly condemned the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma for protecting his ministers who are involved in the recruitment of teachers despite the High Court's ruling. Meghalaya has already decided to punish those involved in this case.
“We will have to fight as a party against anyone who affects the Lok Ayukta,” said Bah Ardent.
Their main goal is to buy MLAs with money. That is why horse trading came into being.
The Cabinet today also decided to introduce amendments to the Labor Act, the Industrial Disputes Act and the Contract Labor Act.
To raise awareness among the people is difficult for them to meet face to face with these children to achieve this struggle. He started his march on 22nd November 2017 from Jammu, Himachal Pradesh, Punjab. , Haryana , Rajasthan , Gujarat , Daman , Silvasa , Maharashtra , Goa , Madhya Pradesh , Uttrakand , Ut , Bihar , Sikkim , Assam , Arunachal Pradesh , Nagaland , Manipur , Mizoram , Tripura 9,281 Km in 22 states of India.
The Seng urges the police to investigate thoroughly into this incident to find out the exact reasons why these criminals have taken the life of this Rangbah and also urges the Government. and to the leaders to take measures to protect the lives of the citizens of the State from such incidents which have happened here in our country.
The inspection of the factories is ongoing and they are trying to complete the inspection as soon as possible and to send the report and what will come out of that report is up to the Hon'ble Court. “The Board will have to decide,” said Marak.
KSU members are also requested to take this as an announcement to all of you.
On the other hand, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, promised that the new building of the Phase 1 of the PHC will be opened in the second month of next month. The foundation stone for the construction of Phase-II will also be laid on 10 days.
More information about the Cell Broadcast Alert System is available on the DoT website.
More than 700 medals were awarded to the young athletes who won titles in various sports.
In the Junior Girls (48 kg), East Khasi Hills won the gold medal, West Khasi Hills won the silver medal and West Garo Hills won the medal. kg) East Khasi Hills was defeated after West Khasi Hills was defeated.
In the men's 50 years old category, Bah Badon Tham won the first place, while Bah Swonding Mawlong and Bah Laurence Pariong won the second and third places respectively. three.
Minister Duh said more than 60 laws that were no longer appropriate have been repealed.
Shillong, Lber 30: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Bangalore Unit on Tuesday said that after many years of investigation, it has found that many educational agencies from Karnataka and Meghalaya send students to the country. From Meghalaya to Karnataka, especially in Bangalore.
On the other hand, Bah Marbud Dkhar, Congress candidate for the MLA election 2023, expressed his gratitude to God for all these opportunities.
Shillong, July 27: According to the Aids Control Society of Meghalaya, as of June 2012, there were 945 cases of HIV/AIDS in Meghalaya.
Shillong, July 18: Four MLAs from different political parties today resigned as MLAs to join the UDP party. and Metbah the Priest.
The Government's recognition of the great work of Ren Thomas Jones is based on his invention of the Khasi alphabet. you are now.
The remaining task now lies with the revenue department to release the money.
The Hima expects that they will get the necessary measures to improve the market which is famous in Meghalaya. khatsaw trucks per day, it is difficult for the Hima alone to deal with this problem.
The residents of the village came out to take part with a sense of patriotism.
The Chief Minister has praised the WKSF Kettlebell Asia Championships 2023 which was held in Mumbai in November first in the 94 kilogram category and won the gold medal.
A consultation meeting was held with the trainers and participants after the experts had given their views on today's topic.
The competition this time will be more interesting than in the past.
It includes Members of Parliament, Members of Legislative Assembly, Mayors, District Collectors, youth, those trained in technology and others involved in this field.
The Chief Minister said that for many years there has been a coal mining in the state where does that wealth go? the owner of the land did not get anything else.
The members of FASTOM have been directed to obtain new permission from the District Administration to hold the sit-in at another location and to withdraw from the sit-in in front of the FASTOM. Secretariat mardar.
Pa,im Mewel Shadap is one of the elders who knows well about the raid and from time to time he has said that the 18 Khasi villages in Block 2 should be returned to the raid. in the state of Meghalaya.
“Bah Hek has revealed something that surprised me.
Meghalaya and Assam have signed a memorandum of understanding before the Union Home Minister to resolve the issues in the seven areas. The survey of the central government has now started.
Shillong, July 08: U Conrad K Samgma, President of the National People's Party (NPP), while speaking at a public meeting held at Nartiang today to support the party candidate Sniawbhalang Dhar. “When the Congress leaders don't have any hope, why should the people still trust them?” he asked.
The employees of MCCL who came to Shillong today to hold the strike on behalf of the Mawmluh Cherra Cement Employees Union (MCCEU) “We have waited a long time for our rights”.
The MDA will hold another meeting in the middle of this month to discuss whether they will reach an agreement as the MDA to nominate the MP election. u kyrtong MP. The rules of the two MLAs, Bah Hel and Bah Malngiang, have been a milestone that the MP candidate will be nominated by any political party and other parties will support him. you candidate.
On the other hand, the civil society organizations have requested the people to come and take part in this meeting which will be held in Tura. This meeting will be successful only if the people come forward.
The monthly light bill has reached T.34.73 crore and out of this amount, the government has already paid only T.159.41 crore till the 5th of this month.
Although the government has warned to punish those who increase the price of beverages, the law has not been anything in front of the robbers.
This is to increase the allocation of funds by the State Governments within the Consolidated Fund to assist in the access to villages and municipal areas which have already been approved by the Finance Commission.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: U Bah Teinwell Dkhar on Tuesday said that who would have thought that a person from home would turn over his own house?
He said the implementation of NEP 2020 will restore India's reputation as a country of excellence in education as it was during the time of Takshashila and Nalanda.
Before they left for Delhi, a meeting of all the MDCs was called but unfortunately not a single MDC from the UDA came to take part in the meeting. affect the life and death of the nation.
One person has died, Narmaya Limbu, 68, of Thembasuk, bringing the death toll to
Nongkulang village in South West Khasi Hills has been affected by the natural disaster twice this month. Many of them have been affected by the storm.
At present, the people of Meghalaya have the right to own the land, the hills and the natural resources on the basis of the IOA signed between the government. between the Khasi kings.
The ordination ceremony was held at the Cathedral Shillong on 16th July 2021 in the presence of the Diocesan Administrator of Shillong, Sohblei John Madur and others. all the priests.
The UDP is now preparing to lodge a complaint with the Chief Electoral Officer of the state. The party is ready to file a complaint against the Election Commission of India.
The Executive Committee of KHADC, which rules under the name of ARPA, is a joint EC between the HSPDP, UDP and KHNAM. The 1903 report was written by Capt D Herbert, Deputy Commissioner, United Khasi and Jaintia Hills. In the same report on the Malaisohmat State, Capt Herbert said, “The question is why the CEM, KHADC and Executive Members of Malaisohmat State have been appointed as Chief Minister of Meghalaya. c Elaka shall be blind to this part of the report.
Regarding the land acquisition, the government has already prepared a map and the farmland has been released and the government will not do anything against the residents.
It may be recalled that the employees of MCCL have held a four-day strike this month at Sohra at the site of the Dewbilat factory. to this famine.
In democracy, conflict will not help, it will bring evil, but in democracy, when there is any problem, there should be peace and understanding in all aspects.
The incident on 14th June 2019 at Umwali in which two Khasi elders were arrested and more than 20 people were injured including children and women shows the injustice and disrespect of the people. The Assam police and other ethnic groups who live in the area have arrested the Khasi.
Thank you to all the people of the government and the village who have worked hard in the midst of the rain in these days to recover all four bodies which have been cleaned up today. .
The budget for the year 2022-2023 will be presented in the House on 9th October 2023 by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, who is in charge of the Finance Department.
Earlier, in the afternoon, there was a traditional flower race in which about 100 participants took part.
He said that we should hold fast to all the customs and traditions in which the Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raid and Dorbar Hima/Elaka should hold the Kut Dorbar every year which is the way for the children of the thousand. they will hear the year-end report.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today launched the Citizen Engagement and Communication Program at a meeting held in Tura today.
Sources said that the incident occurred at around 4 pm.
Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James K Sangma, said that the price of petrol was previously 12.5% ​​and has now been increased to 13.5%. as well as diesel from 4% to 5%.
During the two-day festival held at Ampati, there was an exhibition of traditional costumes of the district in which students from colleges came to take part.
Shillong, Iaiong 24: The Hydropower Department of Meghalaya today informed the public that the construction of the bridge at Umiam Dam which was built in 1965 will be completed in July
He had a firm belief that India and China could cooperate and develop together in political affairs.
The march started from Jammu & Kashmir, Punjab, Himachal, Uttarakhand, Uttar Pradesh, Haryana, Rajasthan, Gujarat, Bihar, Jharkhand, Chhatisgarh, Odisha, West Bengal, Sikkim, Assam, Tripura, Mizoram, Manipur. Nagaland, Arunachal Pradesh and now Meghalaya.
That is why the party has not wanted to make any comments that could lead to political activity in this regard.
“Khliehriat, the capital of EJHD, is not a border area, it is still hundreds of kilometers away from the border area.
Shillong, Lber 10: The Union of Catholic Women's Organizations of the Archdiocese of Shillong Zone II together with the world today celebrated the International Women's Day at Shnat Niam. New Divine Savior.
It is to be recalled that this land is not yet clear whether it will fall into India or Bangladesh. The owners of this land are the Khasi from India and the BSF in this land in In 2010, they banned Bangladeshis from entering the area until a clash broke out between the BSF and BGB troops in the area which lasted for about six months.
In the junior boys category, St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School beat Maharana Pratap Sports College by 1-1
“According to research done by through science, symptoms are strong in terms of user gains because they have used less harmful substances and this has been enough to show a low risk to young people," said Matthew Farrelly of the FDA's Center for Tobacco Products.
Shillong, Lber 15: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today sent a letter to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong and the Director General of Police (DSP) to extend the ban. The age of youth in the department is 30 years old.
A total of 32 candidates have been announced from East Jaintia Hills. Only the name of Bah Kyrmen Shylla, MLA from 6-Khliehrait Constituency, has been announced.
Speaking to SP News Agency, R. Sethia, President of the Meghalaya Chambers of Commerce, said that the price of soybean oil has dropped while the price of mustard oil has remained the same.
Latest reports said that on the 25th, a meeting of the Congress party will be held at Congress Bhavan where all the party leaders from all districts in the state will attend.
This was stated by Bah Lambokstarwell Marngar President of the KSU in a statement.
Human consideration is essential during the transportation of agricultural products and also at the market places.
The Prime Minister said that he wants to have good relations with all the countries of Asia.
On the other hand, the EC within the KHADC said that despite the existence of this Act to curb illegal trade, there are some ethnic groups who have colluded with non-ethnic groups to do this.
Shillong, Nailur 09: The State Government has set a target to admit more than 7 lakh students in Meghalaya under the Mid-Day Meal Scheme.
Jowai, Naitung 13: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) Seng Kmie wishes all the children of the Sein Raij Jowai and Tuber a Happy Birthday. It is the tradition of our ancestors and follows the religion, customs and traditions that we Jaintia people have been dancing through the Behdein Khlam dance since ancient times.
Such health centers have also been set up in West Khasi Hills, West Jaintia Hills and West Garo Hills districts.
To achieve this goal, from time to time they have met to discuss this issue.
Currently, persons who fall within the District area outside the Municipal can obtain a building permit from MUDA or KHADC. Those who fall outside the Municipal or outside the Shillong Agglomeration Building Act Therefore, the KHADC will have to do this as soon as possible to draft the building regulations and the working group within the KHADC. Replying to a question by Bah Balajied Ranee, the Ministry of Education said that at present there is no allocation of funds for the education department within the KHADC, but he promised that the EC will look into ways and means how to help. Last year, they received 63 applications for the schools.
We also demand that the UCIL should not hand over the Wahkaji PHC to the Health Department as this PHC has been in operation for more than 15 years.
The guest house has been named the Brahmaputra Guest House and is intended to provide accommodation to the people who come to train at the site.
He urged the Center to look into the policies and directives of the government in accordance with the desire of the region to make them stronger.
On the other hand, the Minister urged the people to take advantage of this scheme for their own benefit and not only that, there is also the payment of vehicle fare when they go to the health centres. the price is T.
Leaders of KSU Raid Nongtung Circle and members of the KSU Raid Nongtung Circle.
"The lack of vaccines and drips for pigs, chickens, cows has discouraged livestock farmers," he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District is ready to open the Border Hat Market at Hatmawdon-Ryngku on the 12th of this month. .
Shillong, July 22: The two Dorbar Shnongs of Mawkhar and Wahthapbroo have decided to work together to ensure the cleanliness of Motphran. valid name.
Shillong, Nailar 22: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr A War, today said that the Disaster Management Act, 2005 and under the provisions of the IPC. A total of 93 cases have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills, 66 cases in East Khasi Hills, 21 cases in the Army and 45 cases in Shillong.
Speaking to reporters, Pynshngain said that this decision was taken after seeing that the central government has not done anything regarding the demand for the introduction of the Inner Line Permit is not valid.
The union cannot remain silent on this issue after this news. If we still get the complaint, the union will not hesitate to file a PIL in the High Court. The district authorities should take care of this so that there will be no more problems for our people especially in Ribhoi District.
The extension is an obstacle to other government officers who will take over the post because the union always stands by anyone whose term has expired should retire and the union strongly opposes the extension. time for any official to continue in his position".
Speaking to SP News Agency, Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, PS Dkhar, said that the curfew was imposed to curb the incident that happened last night.
according to a statement from Bah.
The states that will participate in the training are Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat, Andhra Pradesh, Telengana, Jharkhand, Rajeshthan, Air India and the state. Meghalaya, besides these, there will also be private individuals who will participate.
India is a country of many ethnic groups and many religions and we believe that the transformation of India into India will have a profound impact on this uniqueness of India.
His contributions to the Seng and the Jaidbynriew will never be in vain and his founding of the HNLC has already become part of history.
The Institute of Bioresources and Sustainable Development (IBSD) is one of the 14 research groups in the North East. India with its headquarters in Manipur.
Police from the Fire & Emergency Services and SDRF have arrived at the scene to extinguish the fire to prevent the spread of the fire to the surrounding areas.
The Forum will meet with the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya and the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District on the first day of this month to discuss this issue.
The Khan Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) on Tuesday demanded that the Central and State Governments should bury the uranium mining in Meghalaya.
He said that this gathering today is to commemorate the selflessness, dedication and determination of Syiem Tirot Singh of Hima Nongkhlaw until he was deported from the country and to end his own. you live in Dhaka.
T.14600 tyngka was recovered from these vehicles.
Shillong, Nailur 07: The three District Councils in Meghalaya, KHADC, JHADC and GHADC, have already submitted their schemes to the government through a committee headed by the Chief Secretary of the State. The government will have to release T.100.7 crore which is the share of the GHADC. The remaining T.100.7 crore will be released by the GHADC. that it has already completed all the requirements set by the Central Government.
The Meghalaya government has been following up with the Assam government and it is hoped that soon they will be able to resolve the issue of the students as soon as possible.
Therefore, the JCCRP requests that anyone who wishes to write or inform about the amendment of the SRP 1972 please send a letter to the JCCRP by sending it through the following Whatsapp number (7 ,7005264971,6009-914196).
The Society would also like to thank the Acting Wahadadar of Shella Confederacy, Bah Komen Laitmon and Bah Benny Warjri who was the Resource Person on this day. Shangkai Tours and Travel and Sabdat Club for their cooperation in organizing this programme.
On the other hand, Bah Embhahlang, MLA of the area, said that the hall will be a blessing to the village and said that as the Chief Minister of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District, he will retire from the post of Chief Minister. The Council (KHADC) has already prepared schemes for other villages in Mawlai Mawtawar to get Community Halls and other MDC schemes. “I have misused even 10 tyngka in relation to the scheme that the people should have received from the MDC Scheme before the end of the term in June,” he said. said Mr. B.Syiemlieh.
This is according to a statement sent by the KSU West Jaintia Hills District.
Before the start of the treatment, a short meeting was held in which the President of the BJP Women's Wing, Suk Pariat, said that she expressed her gratitude to the residents for their willingness to help.
Shillong, July 27: Along with India, Meghalaya has celebrated the 70th Republic Day across the state amidst festivities. of the country because it was on this day that India received its own Constitution.
After a few years of working in Nazareth, he got a government job. As a government employee, he went to work first in Sahsniang West Jaintia Hills and then in Laitryngew in Sohra.
After the unveiling, the new statue was blessed by Father Paul Orphindro Lyngkot SDB, Provincial of the Salesians Province Shillong in the presence of the elders of the church.
AL Hek of the BJP, who is also the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, said that the people of Meghalaya strongly oppose the Bill and also the people of the North East. India, Saleng A Sangma of the NCP has said that the Bill will destroy the minorities of Meghalaya and will create many problems.
Sanbor said that even the MDC of the area, Pyniaid Sing Syiem, who holds the post of Shongknor of KHADC, has taken the initiative to talk to the Ministry of Home Affairs to relocate the KHADC. gate for the people to pass through without being harassed by the soldiers.
The topic was brought up by the Leader of the Council, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne to discuss the livelihood and income of the people within the council's boundary.
I have always felt and understood that many of the tynshop puron in the state have not appreciated this effort of ours as a union.
On the other hand, the KSU has expressed its regret that even though the residents of the village have been waiting all day, they have not been able to shoot especially those who have been working far away to come to the village to shoot. Photographers say there is no network and light.
After the swearing-in ceremony, a speech and words of encouragement were delivered by one of the Khasi heroes, SS Majaw, who was the chief guest at the meeting. They are wise who see far into the future of the country and the nation, they don't hesitate and he also said these words “once the path of the leaders is wrong remember all the brot scama leave the house .
The union has met with the assistant registrar of the school and expressed their request from the union to announce in Shillong regarding the vacancy.
Food and beverage production facilities are strictly inspected.
The Khasi Jaintia Fish Wholesalers and Retailers Association (KJFWRA) on Tuesday met with the Commissioner of Food Safety, Kong RM Kurbah to seek clarification on the testing of fish imported from outside the state. They were injected with formalin.
Shillong, March 06: U Cyril Darlong Dingdoh IAS, Director of Tourism, Shillong, on Saturday inaugurated the ICICI Bank branch at Mawlai Iewrynhep in the presence of dignitaries. the village of Mawlai.
In his opening speech, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly said that the government should turn to the rural areas to provide training to the youth. lack of income.
The inauguration of the new CIC was done by the Governor of Meghalaya, V. Shanmuganathan.
Samla Tiewsoh K Jarin President and Samla Enlang Sawian General Secretary HYC Nongthymai Circle.
However, with the encouragement and encouragement of Kyrseishna, Bah Raphael Warjri has agreed with all her heart and has been able to fulfill her role.
Bhoirymbong C&RD Block is the 42nd C&RD Block in the state, Sohiong, Bajengdoba and Mawlai C&RD Block will be opened in the coming days.
He urged the people that from now on how we as human beings should be thinking for the rights and truth about our duty as voters and that all power lies between us each and every one. We will give our support and no one can buy without the basis of the rights of each and every one of us.
“Therefore, I strongly condemn Sarma's statement which is untrue, unfounded and anti-religious.
Latest reports from the Forest Department said that although they have received many complaints regarding this smuggling but nothing has been done because there is no law to prohibit people.
In his speech, Prime Minister Duh said he remembers his visits to Arunachal Pradesh and when he saw the scale of the program today he congratulated the people of Arunachal Pradesh who stood up. strong for the development of their state.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: The IG of BSF, who led the delegation to the meeting held in Bangladesh from 15th to 18th of this month, has told the BBG officials that the Bangladesh The remaining militants in the North East of India such as the GNLA, ULFA, HNLC, NDFB and NLFT are in Bangladesh.
The Commission has decided to provide this information to the public so that those involved in the process, electors and political parties can be informed immediately about the measures taken to maintain the order of the election. India is very proud.
At the same time, the Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) has warned against the violation of traffic rules by drivers in the district especially in Shillong.
The HNLC's curfew has worked well in almost all the shops in the area, as well as in the market, and there are few commercial taxis and buses in the area. This hour of curfew, if you count the passengers, there is no curfew.
The Seng has urged the police department to take immediate action to arrest the perpetrators.
He wished the members of the organization a healthy body during the three-day organic festival in Udaipur.
After the programme, the KSU Malki Circle will also take part in the Football Tournament under the name of Bah Bull N Lyngdoh at Malki Stadium.
PN Syiem said the EC should not pass by force without the consent of the Hima, and also appointed a committee to get advice to meet with the Hima and also we will work with the Hima.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnongs of the area have asked MeECL why it doesn't hesitate to deliver its bill light every month when there is no light.
The three arrested were identified as Cyfrank Paul Pariat, 25, of Ummat, Kitbok Mujai, 23, of Ummat. People and Barnabas Priest, 49 years old.
Hel said the country as a whole and Meghalaya are celebrating the month of decline in the handshake which started today and will end on the 24th of this month.
Speaking on the occasion, NPP candidate Ransom Sutnga said that they have already prepared their way for the Jaiaw constituency which falls under the 17-North Shillong Constituency. villages how to implement the work.
On this occasion, Bah Jambor War, Executive Member in charge of the Elaka Department, visited the footbridge connecting Tiehsaw and Upper New Nongstoin which has been stalled for many years.
Hoto is not a slave or a slave to the people.
Shillong, July 24: The Meghalaya Progressive Foundation (MPF) in collaboration with the Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan, Shillong and the Office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, with the support of the Durbar Shnong Mawklot, 24th January 2017 The National Voter's Day was celebrated in advance by holding a program at the Community Hall & Training Center Mawklot, Upper Shillong.
NEHUTA President Lakhon Kma said that it is the duty of the VC to ensure that education in the university is the priority, but what has happened is that the education has been set. Shillong, March 25: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongthliew today held a meeting with the President of NEHUTA. Swapnil Tembe IAS, Director of Education, Government of Meghalaya, on the upgradation of Umthlong Nongthliew Govt Secondary School to Higher Secondary School. approval in 2019.
A police officer said that the purpose of the BSF patrol is to restore the trust of the people and to curb any incident.
Many political parties have held consultations with the HLC on this issue.
The Chief Minister said that Article 5 of the IOA & AA clearly states that the laws of India cannot apply to the Hima Khasi States including the Municipality of Shillong. and Cantonment which have been illegally issued outside the Ri Khasi under Paragraph 20 of the Sixth Schedule because the Syiems, Lyngdohs and Sirdars within the Government of the Federation of Khasi States have not signed the Instrument of Merger despite the strong pressure. This was the year 1947-1
Kharkrang said that the 17-North Shillong Constituency has four problems in its income, education, health, stability, employment. to the BJP party and started preparing and talking about these issues.
There is also a shortage of police facilities, such as gates and vehicles.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy, said that he congratulates the soldiers who have served the country and promised to give all the services. assistance from the government.
