Some Khasi scholars of All India Radio have used such words and for example, the English word is called 'durim', which is widely understood and regarded as the Khasi word, but it is called the original 'sawangka', and so on there are other similar words.
East Bengal scored the first goal in the 19th minute through Adileja. Both the teams fought hard to reach the final.
The drama was staged for three days from the 19th and ended today at Sacred Heart Theological College (SHTC) Mawlai.
This will also show to other ethnic groups that we have a written and read language in our own language and will also be part of the efforts to remind the Government of India that the time has come to include the Khasi language in the list. Article 8 of the Constitution of the Republic.
At present, the central government is still facing difficulties in providing adequate drinking water to the people whether in the city or in the rural areas.
If you are wrong, the HNLC has been providing protection in the past years in the border areas with Assam in the border areas, the HANM urges the HNLC to participate in the peace talks. however, three important points should be addressed.
Shillong, Nailur 13: The Cabinet meeting held today has decided to introduce a new Bill on the payment of the health care of government employees.
Shillong, March 26: The Department of Agriculture, Meghalaya has invited applications from cow traders to obtain a Transit Pass from the Meghalaya government if they go to buy cows from outside Meghalaya.
He said it would be difficult for the company to increase salaries by 100% and 30% every year.
To take the PRIME program to the next level, the State Government launched the CM-ELEVATE program last year. The objective of this program is to support 20,000 thousand entrepreneurs in the next five years and 35% to 75% subsidy for the project in 15 categories of activities.
It will be argued that the delay of 114 days not only affects the feelings of anyone except the accused, who has been detained for almost two years," the Court said in the order.
“Under the rule of Assam, the United Khasi and Jaintia Hills have tried many times to get back this land.
I was elected to fight for the benefit of future generations," he added.
According to the ancient story, Thomas Jones introduced the English Alphabet without removing the characters that were not needed in the Sohra language at that time.
The meeting was decided to be postponed to East Jaintia.
Bah Adelbert also expressed his gratitude to the Seng Khasi, which has never forgotten to invite him to all the positions it has, since he was an MDC, in which the support of They have made him able to serve up to two terms as an MLA from this constituency.
The Dorbar Shnong Malwlyngbna is located in the Lawbah area and the fame in this area and also in the state as a whole is due to the presence of the Umkhakoi Dam which has attracted a lot of people. from all over came to flock to this region.
“We demand that the government should do something about our problem because we don't want our time to be wasted and we have worked hard to get education,” said Iaisanbha.
that they may be cut down in due time.
Shillong, Nailar 27: The Central Executive Committee (CEC) of the NCP has already met and has decided to hold a meeting to discuss the issue. I have decided not to contest the MDC election.
Shillong, Nailur 18: The Garo Hills civil society groups have written to the Minister of Water and Sanitation, Bah Prestone Tynsong, to express their dissatisfaction with the closure of the Chokpot PHC. The road is not used by the people of this village.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: The Meghalaya government today submitted a letter to the 14th Finance Commission of the Union Government requesting up to T.50,000 crore for development works in the state. the next five years.
He will arrive tomorrow and take part in the VBSY program at Tynring village in East Khasi Hills District.
On the part of Rev Pastor AC Mol who welcomed the donation from Wahthapbroo Village, he expressed his gratitude to the Village for donating.
On the other hand, the party urges them not to lose hope but to have a spirit of perseverance, when you fall in the first place but you will stand up in the second time.
On this occasion, Amway also distributed White Cane and this is a sign that the people who use these support trees say that they have disabilities. don need your help.
Shillong, Jymmang 3: U Bah AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, on Tuesday said that the problems inside NEIGRIHMS Hospital have been arising from time to time since the appointment of Director Dr DM Thapa.
“On what basis is the MDA government bothering itself now for Work Permit for Bangladeshis? Have we, the citizens of our country, been satisfied? Have all our young people now found jobs? Do our people no longer need to work because they have to bring in workers from Bangladesh? The state government should answer this to the people of the state.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the CEM of JHADC, who is from the Congress party, said, “If I disagree with the Chief Minister, he can punish me. u alone, according to the rules of the party, but when it comes to office work, the employees should not be punished, because if the JHADC does not receive their share of the resources, it is certain that next month they will not be punished. receive salary of employees.
New Delhi, July 07: In a closer praise, the Global Times, Beijing's leading newspaper in China, has published an article praising the measures taken to improve the economy. , social management and foreign relations under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
They demanded that the Indian government should take action to talk to the Bangladesh government to prevent the destruction of places of worship in Bangladesh and accused the government of Sheikh Hasina of just look at it.
Regarding the cleaning of the land by the Assam state for the construction of the road, Bah Purningstar Shabong asked whether the land has been sold to the army and now the land has been cleaned to dig a well. Who knows, the JAC will not allow it to sell this land or Assam will not come to work.
The Chief Secretary of the State, T.Tsering, was also present on the occasion.
The sculpture {}, the lyrics {}, the lyrics {} and the skill {} were prepared by Bah Raphael Warjri, who has succeeded despite the lack of support and inability to do so. to appoint skilled men in many fields.
The union also strongly condemns the government for its inability to bring about clean and sustainable development in the area and said that this is an attempt by the government to punish the people of the area. pre-uranium mining projects and also to allow uranium mining in the area.
At the same time, it was reported that there are 100 vacancies in the health department of the state government besides the appointment of these 11 doctors.
The Seng is very proud to see that the youth of the nation are coming forward in their education, because education, knowledge, is a great tool to protect, preserve and to develop the country and the nation in all aspects.
Many Congress leaders feel that the delay in announcing the candidates will affect especially in those areas where the Congress party has to contest against other parties which have MLAs. of others.
Shillong, June 18: The Rangbah Shnongs of Muktapur area today sent a complaint to the SDO of Amlarem Civil Sub Division regarding the traffic jam in Tamabil due to the smuggling of smuggled trucks to Bangladesh.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: KSU Ranikor Circle has donated tins of household items to a family of Ranikor Circle. Phyrnailin Turnia is from Kynsohsan.
The letter of resignation of the 12 Congress MLAs from the party was sent this morning and by doing so, these Congress MLAs have been able to dissolve the Parliamentary Party of the CLP in the House.
The distribution was made by the Executive Committee of the Nongjri Dorbar Shnong. The decision of the Dorbar Shnong was to help the poor people who are stranded in the village to escape from poverty.
On the other hand, the TMC has alleged that the MLA of this area who is not even the symbut of the Chief Minister has not visited this market in the last two years. life for many of the local population.
With a focus on Electronic Systems Design and Manufacturing (ESDM), the Technology Center will have the latest technology.
The Waheh Shnong of Lapangap village, while talking to BatesiTV, confirmed the incident.
Maweitnai Sports Club won 3-0 and won the cash prize of Rs.25,000/- while Mawpynthih Sports Club won the trophy. The prize money is Rs.15,000/- (Three Thousand).
The route for the race includes Lady Hydari Park, Malki Point, Don Bosco Square and Gold Gym.
Under the guidelines of Mission Vatsalyayn there are special CCIs for children who have fallen victim to POCSO for the rehabilitation and support of these children.
Police have stopped at the court and the vehicles that were not running have been turned away from the court on the road to Nan Polok. Ambulances have been unable to pass through the traffic jam.
Yasir Ahmed, 22, was also injured in the incident.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today met with the Union Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kiren Rijiju to seek his support for the to introduce changes in several laws of the Central Government regarding the desire to lift the ban on coal mining in Meghalaya.
They also discussed the current loans that the government is promoting such as Kisan Credit Card (KCC) to farmers, Mudra loan, standup and startup India which young people can take advantage of if they really want to start anything. whatever you do.
The deceased were identified as Harkeshwar Boro, Balen Bharali, Buhu Boro, Takendwar Kumar and Kanta Boro.
He said that during the meeting, the group has set up a committee, which if invited by the government, the committee will participate in the advice to the government, as it has done. The Chief Minister of Meghalaya has announced that he intends to convene the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep Hills.
The letter was signed by the Archbishop of Shillong, Rev. Victor Lyngdoh and the Auxiliary Bishop of Tura, Rev. Jose. Chirackal, Bishop of Nongstoin Diocese, Most Rev. Wilbert Marweiñ and Bishop-Elect of Jowai Diocese, Most Rev. Ferdinand Dkhar.
For joint vendors and visitors, there will be another notice.
After the meeting, they decided to hold a protest on the 18th of this month by sitting near the Additional Secretariat in Shillong, to appeal to the court against the CEM of JHADC and to demand The incumbent DC of Jaintia Hills should be removed.
He praised the cooperative society led by Fr.Sunny for the development of local entrepreneurship through agriculture.
This is the first of the summits on the four Y20 themes to be held in universities across the states of India ahead of the Youth-20 Summit.
Shillong, Nailur 21: Today, 73 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 59 in West Garo Hills and 12 in West Garo Hills. Garo Hills 01, West Jaintia Hills 1 and the total number of cases so far is
The Sur of the People of Mawlai has reminded that Bah Chersiterfield Thangkhiew who surrendered to the MDA government in 2018 has returned to the community because he wants peace. The Sur ki Paidbah Nong-Malai expresses its regret that if from Shilliang Duriaw the government has been able to welcome him for his new life, why from Mawlai Kynton Massar Why can't you call him if you have a job because he is also a man who is quick to work.
Under the ongoing Viksit Bharat SankalpYatra, the participation of 1,31,66,365 people in 79,487 health camps held in 3,462 Gram Panchayats and Village Authorities in urban areas, up to now.
When our fellow citizens are being harassed, harassed and evicted from their homes in mainland India during the curfew, why doesn't the Governor of the State say anything?
Imphal, Nailur 18: The Institute of Bioresources and Sustainable Development (IBSD) has launched an environmental campaign in Manipur.
The Magistrate in charge of the market area today visited the market area and had a meeting with the market vendors. of their problems and on the part of the relevant authorities have also listened to what they have said.
Many of them have fled the country, it has been an unexpected blessing for us, therefore, contractors and others should no longer import them without getting a Labor Permit from the State Government.
He said that this struggle which started in 2017 and will end in 2022 is to bring about a new India.
On the other hand, TRAI clarified that all these actions are illegal because those who call or send messages say that their number may be deleted and said that if they do not answer the mobile number of They are also required to install bad websites on their mobile phones.
In the last five years, India's startup industry has grown to rank third in the world with 92,683 startups recognized by the DPIIT. it also introduced a special framework for intellectual property rights (IPR) and introduced measures to streamline the patent application process.
He said that about 40 years ago, soh niamtra was growing in a village in front of Mawsynram.
Shillong, Naitung 03: The Director General of Police (DGP) Dr RL Bishnoi today announced that police have seized 326 grams of heroin from two persons. drug traffickers arrested in Umtyra.
Police of Lumdiengjri Police Station were informed of the theft and immediately came to inspect the shop. enter the shop.
One will be for those studying from class IX to class XII and the other at the college level.
Turning to the West and East Jaintia Hills districts, the KSU through its units has distributed tree seedlings. Typically to the Dorbar Shnong of Wapung Shnong, the Dorbar of Moopyniein, Wapung School and other villages.
At this meeting, the BGB said that there is a misunderstanding that the BGB troops in Tambil are newly recruited.
The NITI Aayog has decided that the 14th June 2017 is Holy Thursday, due to the government's efforts. Meghalaya, Mizoram and Nagaland will hold the Digi Dhan Melas on any day of their choice.
People have been coming since morning to look at me and the way they came is very slow and I don't know whether they are students of NEHU or not,” he said.
Shillong, July 21: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today announced that food and beverages have been donated by helicopter to South Garo Hills to distribute to the villages which can no longer travel by car. to deliver food.
Bah Khyriem said regarding the import of ethanol mixed with petrol, the operators of the petrol pumps clean the underground tanks and ensure that there is no water in the petrol.
Also, in the years since independence many people have worked in the peace and security of the country.
Shillong, Iaiong 13: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the government has appealed to all those who are still stranded abroad to stay until the 30th of this month.
Shillong, November 29: The Laban Sports Club will hold its 110th Anniversary Celebration tomorrow morning at the Soso Tham Auditorium. shibaje is the day.
Shillong, March 18: The National People's Party (NPP) has not yet met to discuss the MP elections in
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills said that the issue is under consideration and today the Chief Minister has called a meeting to talk to all the MLAs, as well as the District Council to discuss the issue. talk to a more detailed arrangement.
He said that.
MSPSDC Chairman MS Rao and other officials from various government departments were also present on the occasion. their daily activities.
The JAC comprising the KSU, FKJGP, HYC and HUAM from Saw Symper have lodged a complaint against the Syiem of Langrin Hima and demanded that the District Council should he shall be cut off immediately.
“I will meet with the Governor in the next few days on this issue, as the construction of the Umling Road last month as discussed in the House,” he said. .
Mawroh's Dancing Superstar will be broadcast on Starplus Channel on the 3rd of July. Mawroh is good at dancing Contemporary, Ballad and Ariel.
The winners in Thohdur were Bankhraw Warjri, Lummawbah, first place, Naphida B Warjri, Mawprem, second place, Badahunshisha Warjri, Pyndengumiong, fourth place and Mewanshwa Warjri, Siejiong.
Speaking on the occasion, Samla Jersom Shylla said that the JSU stands firmly on any issue and the JSU will never surrender to the government for the good of the entire nation. .
The AICC leader alleged that there is also injustice and injustice to the people in terms of income, social, environmental governance and unemployment. the public.
He said that after receiving a complaint from the HYC through email regarding the distribution of CGI sheets by the Housing Department to the people regarding the condition of these tins.
The Commission sends its condolences to the families of the victims.
Shillong, According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, the death toll in Meghalaya has risen to 1200 today. Four deaths were reported from East Khasi Hills and one from Ri Bhoi District.
Thousands of party leaders, party candidates and supporters have come to listen to the election campaign of the Chief Minister.
Shillong, July 19: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today attended the 53rd Annual Meeting of the Koch Community in South West Garo Hills District at Dufarigaon.
The Chief Engineer said that these two bridges are very important as these bridges connect dozens of villages on the border between Shella and Mawsynram.
On the other hand, the Governor said that the demand for ILP will have a different impact on the development of the state in many areas.
The Minister said that 128 day laborers have been appointed and all of them are in Khasi Hills. day.
The members of the House voted yes and the no confidence motion was dismissed.
At this meeting, we have taken a decision that from now on there should be no kilo cut in Iewduh and we should follow the order issued by the Hima Mylliem which says 'Ka Dobar' The Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima has decided to continue to announce as usual every year.
“We congratulate and thank the AJYWO, KSU, FKJGP and HNYF for taking this step of protest to force the government to repair this road. street.
Besides, office bearers were also elected in two units of two villages, Mawliehdein and Nongumsaw in West Khasi Hills District.
In the evening, the players arrived at the PA Sangma Stadium to prepare for the opening ceremony and to follow the rules for the visit of the President of the United States. country.
In his speech, Bah John F Kharshiing also informed the Home Minister of Meghalaya that he has requested time to hold a special meeting with the Chief Minister in June July on the same issue. He said that the delay in recognizing the Syiems, Lyngdohs, Sirdars, Wahadars, Dolloi and Nokma in the Constitution of India has caused many problems in the Villages, Raids and Dorbar Himas, in trying to implement the which is the Act and Rule.
“We have expanded the distribution of vaccines and we have also expanded this work,” said Myntri Rangbah Duh.
Tura, Lber 27: Former Lok Sabha Speaker and President of the National People's Party (NPP) who is contesting the MP election from 2-Tura LS Purno Agitok Sangma has said that He said that it is necessary to get Garoland and this state should include the four districts of Garo Hills.
“The misspelling of the names of the Lord misleads many and affects the feelings of many.
This is part of the Chief Minister's Youth for Green Campaign.
Shillong, Naitung 30: Ka LYWA would like to clarify that only the NOC from the Sangriang Kur is illegal because it is only the violence, assault, insult, insult and violation of the customs by UCIL and AMD. custom of the Khasi.
The Rangbah Shnong of Mwkhar, Bah WHD Syngkon, congratulated the Unit who came from Guwahati to provide training, while Father Richard Majaw welcomed them. show the public how to react during a natural disaster.
Bah Selukos Shadap said that as a family, they are still in shock regarding this eviction where they have not done anything against the village.
They said that the RBCC leaders' recent distribution of relief items to all 2300 thousand households affected by the disaster through tins of household items and other items has angered the people who have reached now some of the households have not even been able to buy tarpaulins to cover their houses.
The question raised by the residents to the government road construction department and NHIDCL is why this payment has happened so much whether there is no maintenance of the road or whether there are many trucks carrying stone. JICA has not been able to fund the road in Japan.
Hek also urged the people to fight to preserve the water wells by planting trees.
“So this is now in the hands of the Government,” said Bah Blah.
Of these companies, 14 have received only 20 years while two others have received up to 30 years, according to records with the state government.
The damaged house belonged to Krim Jala.
The Chief Minister said that the amount of electricity purchased by the government from 11 companies has reached T.473.85 crore till 28th June.
Bah Kennedy Khyriem Parliamentary Secretary in charge of Tourism in his speech said that it is necessary to follow the example of this great man to reach our goals especially as students. .
A strong explosion occurred in an uninhabited house in Them Iewmawlong on Saturday at about 10.30 pm.
On this occasion, KSU Shillong East Circle donated laptops and computers to the school under the leadership of Finance Secretary Khrawbor Kharkongor and Education Secretary Jeremaiah Pohthmi.
He said that he has taken the initiative to talk to the government regarding the payment of them and talks are ongoing between the state government and the central government and are waiting for a reply. .
Sanbor said in the letter that according to the decision of the BJP party in Delhi, the border disputes in the North Eastern states of India should be resolved before He said that he wants the central government to take action to resolve the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam.
The union demands that the government should issue a notice to all contract workers in banks to become full time employees of banks. but it shall be done to receive the debts from the debtors.
The Federation has already requested to meet the Chief Minister to discuss their issue since July this year.
Explaining about the event, the Chairman of the Khasi Heritage Conservation Forum, Bah Titos Chyne, said that the event will showcase what the Khasi people have. for all.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday demanded that the JHADC should not issue a No Objection Certificate (NoC) to the North-East Frontier Railway. NFR) or to the Government to complete the railway line to Khliehriat, East Jaintia Hills District while the Government has not been able to introduce strong laws to prevent the illegal influx of foreigners into Meghalaya.
The purpose of the film is to commemorate the 50th anniversary of Bangladesh in
Shillong, July 03: The National Career Service Center for SC/STs under the Department of Labor and Employment, DGE, Government of India, is inviting applications from Jowai Groups and Workplaces. , Meghalaya to implement the scheme without the funds of the Directorate General of Employment (DGE).
The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem on Tuesday distributed shares to the 10 Executive Members of the Executive Committee under his leadership.
Trulywell Lyngdoh General Secretary of KSU Nongtrai Unit said that their visit was to demand the appointment of jobs in the company. the decision regarding the appointment of employees to this company.
The HNLC reminded that it was on the promise of the Prime Minister and the Minister of Home Affairs who had promised to appoint ksiang, but it appears now that they have been deceived by them and this has caused anger. The HNLC has now hoped that the Prime Minister and the Union Minister of State for Child Development, Kiran Rijiju, will resolve this issue. The problem is that they did not call a curfew on Independence Day to show that they want to talk peace no matter what the Chief Minister says.
Referring to the border areas, the Prime Minister said that there is a real shortage of roads.
This three acre land should be used in such a way to build an office to beautify according to the condition of the land and to make this Block a training center for the youth in the fields of employment. develop everything.
Alongside policies related to tax matters, the promotion of operational capabilities in tax matters also paves the way for informed decision-making.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Editor of Mawphor, Bah DL Siangshai, said that it is true that the victim was an employee of Mawphor. They did not respect the incident and the office is considering to file an Ejahar on the incident.
The revenue from Dawki and Umkiang has reached T.10.51 crore.
According to a statement sent by the Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills, the father has raped his own daughter who lost her mother at birth. to you.
Also present on the occasion was Fr. Anthony, Principal of Holy Cross Higher Secondary School Mawkynrew.
Congress leader Rahul Gandhi said that the number of unemployed youth in India is higher than the number of unemployed youth in India. there are four crores.
The DC has requested all the Village Headmen of East Khasi Hills District, especially those villages in the rural areas, to take a list of the beneficiaries of the scheme. BDO Offices (BDOs) should provide bank accounts, Aadhaar cards and ensure that they link their Aadhaar numbers and bank accounts to their bank accounts. , so that there will be no delay in the release of the money to their accounts so that they can complete the construction of their houses on time.
Jane Namchu, Additional Director General, Zonal Bureau of Communication, Guwahati was also present as the chief guest.
On the other hand, the JYF demands that all the private companies operating satellite networks in the North East, which have installed their mobile phone towers, should take action to help employ the youth first. Jaintia Hills, according to whether they can work in office or in other types of work.
Speaking to reporters, the Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Mawdatbaki, Bah PR Kharmujai together with the youth organizations of Mawlai Mawdatbaki, expressed their regret over the division of constituencies. In Mali I, II, III, this has happened due to the delay of the Governor in announcing the division of constituencies as the people of Mawlai have been preparing to elect their leaders. and Mawla.
According to sources, the MBOSE will award the contract to those who have selected the publishers to publish the textbooks for the class students. XI who have just passed this year
Replying to a supplementary question by Bah Process, the Minister said that the government cannot forgive the light bill during the curfew from June to November. Therefore, it does not affect MeECL as MeECL has to pay the salaries of the employees.
Shillong, March 09: After receiving stingy and immoral behavior by people by spreading garbage from their homes, market places especially on the streets.
However, it was in 1853 that there was no peace within the royal household at Nongkrem which led to the division of the Hima Shyllong into two Hima Khyriem and Hima Mylliem.
Police said that out of these 27 persons, after a thorough examination, two persons, one elderly and one very young, have been released. Twenty-five persons were released that night and 25 persons were brought to Shillong and today they were taken to court.
Regarding the Draft National Education Policy, he said that the LP Schools are still under the jurisdiction of the District Council but unfortunately the EC has not gone to give its opinion on this issue. .
The Seng also demanded that the Personal Interview should be abolished for Grades B, C and D.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has confirmed 6 recoveries from East Jaintia Hills, 1 from East Jaintia Hills, 1 from East Khasi Hills and 1 from North Garo Hills. So far, 83282 people have recovered from the disease.
The total number of cases tested positive today is 246, 19 from East Jaintia Hills, 148 from Easy Khadi Hills, 1 from North Garo Hills, 41 from Ri Bhoi, 10 from South West Garo Hills and 10 from South West Khasi Hills. 2, West Garo Hills, 13 West Jaintia Hills and 10 West Khasi Hills.
The Meghalaya government has prepared a project at that time and showed that once they get the scheme all the villages in the state will get light under the 11th five year plan.
In Meghalaya, in Garo Hills, non-tribals are also MDCs, while in Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills, even voting is not allowed,” said Bah Pala.
There will be only one winner and the winner will receive a cash prize of 1 lakh tyngka.
In his speech, the Minister in charge of Union Affairs, Amit Shah, said that he congratulates all the teams that have worked hard to achieve their goals. encourage the groups to work together in the field of milk trade in collaboration with the farmers to the villages.
According to the complaint of Sengban Sangma, at 12.30 pm, unidentified persons robbed them of T.13,000 tyngka, mobile phones and mobile phones. they.
Shillong, Nailur 15: The demand for Article 371 in Meghalaya is nothing new.
Jowai, Naiwieng 27: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills District invites all the people of Hynniewtrep District to attend the Public Meeting to be held on Saturday (30/11/2013) where the venue will be announced. later.
He said today is a special day for India which is growing rapidly in this century.
The Sadhu said that the land is still in dispute between the Defense and some of the people and the court will soon announce the ownership of the land. the witnesses are not right.
The Behdeinkhlam ceremony started with the Khnong ceremony at the Langdoh's residence followed by the Bam Tyngkong ceremony which was performed by the religious leaders including the Dolloi as the Khliehka religious leader together with his group of religious leaders. Pator, Sangot and Magi.
The doctor said that it is better to check regularly.
The Central Ground Water Board (CWGB) in Meghalaya said that almost 100 applications have been received every month for permission to mine wells. There are currently more than 200 applications pending.
The meeting was convened by the Union Ministry of Foreign Affairs to discuss the issue of violence against women in India and especially after the incident in Delhi where a young woman lost her life. the life.
The court noted that there are many migrant workers working in the cities who have been in turmoil after rumors surfaced that the lockdown would continue for more than three months.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) led by its President Lambokstarwell Marngar has thrown stones at the BSF camp. The Legislative Assembly of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Saturday approved the BSF. Official Resolution to send a letter to the National Law Commission as part of the protest against the proposal of the BJP-led National Democratic Alliance (NDA) Government to implement the Uniform Civil Code ( UCC) throughout India.
There are 293 recoveries from East Garo Hills, 3, East Jaintia Hills 5, East Khasi Hills 222, Eastern West Khasi Hills 1, Ri Bhoi Hills 3, South West Garo Hills , 2 cases, 39 cases in West Garo Hills, 5 cases in West Jaintia Hills and 3 cases in West Khasi Hills.
Regarding the ILP and the 6th Schedule, the party would like to complain that if the 6th Schedule can protect the minorities, how else since it was introduced in They cannot be controlled according to the wishes of the people and the political parties have to fight against the mynder until this moment.
Regarding the protests against the CAA and the demand for the implementation of the ILP in the state, it was curbed by the work of the state police.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The UDP and the HSPDP have announced to contest against former MLA Bah Martle Mukhim in the Mawkynrew Legislative Assembly Constituency.
When these people were evacuated, they stood up and from their actions it was understood that they were going to do something that could injure the people who came to the public hearing. the power of the robbers to destroy those who cause trouble.
The police raid on the insurgents in Garo Hills continues and the police will not allow the insurgents to continue.
The Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem in his speech said that the festival will be a place to showcase the customs and traditions of the 54 Himas. The CEM of KHADC said that the KHADC will fight to strengthen the Khasi Social Customs Lineage Act, 1997, to preserve what has been achieved. inheritance from our fathers, which has been preserved unto this day.
Speaking at the opening ceremony of the two-day meeting to discuss the RTI Act, he said that some people have used the RTI to harass officers. the officers, though the law does not exist, will not allow it.
It was recalled that when introducing the 73rd Amendment to the Constitution of India, the Prime Minister of India, Rajiv Gandhi, had released the Sixth Schedule areas from the Panchajati Raj.
Shillong, Nailur 10: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that Swatiga Paul has died after testing positive for COVID-1 This is from Laban, Shillong.
KSU Jowai Circle has expressed its anger against the state government and the Indian government for the failure to implement the ILP so far which has allowed foreign and domestic authorities to enter the Bri U Hynniewtrep. There is a threat to the small Khasi Jaidbynriew which could reach the verge of extinction.
Doctor drawing up Covid-19 vaccine from glass phial bottle and filling syringe injection for vaccination.
Ed batch 2013-14 including SSA, Govt, Deficit and Adhoc teachers from East Khasi Hills, West Khasi Hills, South West Khasi Hills and Ri Bhoi District whose results have not yet been completed will be held on the 18th of this month. The ceremony will be held at 11 am at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall.
Not only BJP members have joined the NCP, but women under the leadership of Shasiti Sarkar as president and 1000 other women have also joined the NCP. The party has set up its offices in every district and area to campaign for the MLA election in
Myntri Rangbah Duh urged those who are involved in political affairs to start thinking differently and to stop looking at the development of the state only through their political beliefs.
They missed about 3 months of school years at most.
Another resolution passed by the KHADC today was to urge the Governor to give his approval to the resolution of the Legislative Assembly which has brought about the The MDCs who took part in the discussion were Bah PN Syiem, RV Lyngdoh and Bindo M Lanong.
Jowai, July 28: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) and the Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) have rejected the MPUF's public statement by Dapoiwanmi Laloo through the media that he does not own the MPUF. China Bazar, Iaw Musiang, Jowai, has expressed its surprise that he has admitted that he is the owner of the China Bazaar, but he does not recognize his employees. and he brought himself before the people.
New Delhi, June 18: The Ministry of Information and Broadcasting today held the first National Workshop and Discussion on Draft AVGC Policies at Vigyan Bhawan, New Delhi, for those involved in these activities.
He urged the youth and members of the Unitarian Church Mukhap to take the lead in bringing about change in terms of bringing about a clean environment and peace in the community.
Also present at the meeting were the President of the PDF, Bah Ivanlumlang Marbaniang, and the MDCs of the PDF. PDF stands to do what is the purpose of the party.
When asked whether there will be an alliance before the election or whether they will join hands after the election, the NPP leader who is also the MP of Tura said that both remain under consultation.
Shillong, November 04: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today laid the foundation stone for the improvement of the road from Umling to Patharkhamah. Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong and Jirang MLA S Sohtun.
Donal V Thabah General Secretary of the KSU said that there is a special allocation for STs which is divided 40 to 40 between the Khasi and Garo.
The President of the National Council, Rtd.Chief Justice of Bihar, JB Koshy was the chief guest, accompanied by the Youth Vice President, Gaurav Kalyan.
Meanwhile, the chargesheet against the policeman has not been filed yet.
Members from various units under the jurisdiction of Mawlai Circle and Kyntonmassar Village Leaders were present on the occasion.
In this regard, the Government will provide food for those who stay in the Community Quarantine Centers and the Government will provide a one-time assistance of T.5000/- per Community Quarantine Center. turn.
Of 51 South Tura National People's Party CONRAD KONGKAL SANGMA (WINNER), 52 Rangsakona National People's Party SUBIR MARAK (WINNER), 53 Ampati All India Trinamool Congress MIANI D.SHIRA (WINNER), 54 Mahendraganj NationalMAJANJAY's A.WIN Party SANGMA ), 55 Salmanpara National People's Party IAN BOTHAM K.SANGMA (WINNER), 56 Gambegre Indian National Congress SALENG A.SANGMA (WINNER), 57 Dalu National People's Party BRENING A.SANGMA (WINNER), 58 Rongara Siju National People's KAM Party A RA .SANGMA (WINNER), 59 Chokpot National People's Party SENGCHIM N.SANGMA (WINNER), 60 Baghmara Independent KARTUSH R.MARAK (WINNER).
The KHADC cannot announce because the rule is not clear.
Speaking at the meeting before the start of the match, Samla Forwardman Nongrem.
Shillong, December 29: Shillong, December 29: Shillong, December 29: It has been revealed that even the public leaders have been involved in the incident of children in Shillong. that he don kti lang.
On the other hand, the SP of East Khasi Hills expressed his satisfaction that the Dorbar Shnong Lachumiere has given this support to the police department and this shows that the relationship between the police and the people is good. close and give this continues from time to time.
Shillong, Naiwieng 07: Leaders of the Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union today came to clarify the speech of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Ampareen Lyngdoh on the issue of health and safety. the bakum ASHA workers met.
For example, Osmania University has 901 affiliated colleges and 811 colleges within Pune University.
Shillong, Iaiong 09: A tragic accident has occurred on the Shillong By-pass at Mawpun village today.
The announcement was made by the Commissioner and Secretary, Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of Meghalaya.
Speaking at a program held at ICAR, Umiam on Tuesday to mark the launch of the new phase of payments under the PM Kisan Samman Nidhi through digital channels, Dubey said About T 20,000 crore will be distributed among 9 crore 26 lakh beneficiaries across the country.
So far, 10,655 people have arrived in the state.
Speaking to the market dwellers at the Shillong Market, Laitumkhrah, many of them said that it is a great loss that the second floor of the market has not been used since it was completed.
The march will be held on Thursday, July 3, 2022 from 6:30 pm from Youth Hostel Shillong via Barik Dhanketi, Shillong College, Don Bosco Square to Laitumkhrah, Fire Brigade and back to Laitumkhrah. Youth Hostel Shillong.
Speaking on the occasion, the President recalled that on the 11th November 2014, the United Nations General Assembly of 177 countries agreed to hold the 21st. July is the International Yoga Day.
In a statement sent by the President of the union, Samla Edmund Khongngai, said that the union is pleased to see that this temporary market has been opened as part of helping the farmers to sell. and to buy their produce.
The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, said that four cases of Omicron have been confirmed in Meghalaya, three cases in East Khasi Hills and two cases in Ri Bhoi District.
The Campaign will be implemented under 'SevaPakhwada' from 17th November to 2nd March,
He said the BJP from the central has not yet received the names of the candidates.
According to sources, the people who saw the body informed the police and after investigation, it was found that the body belonged to the child who was born in the hospital. The media reported today that she has left home.
Rather than having such training centers well shut down.
Many of the residents have asked who hid their ballot papers from the same house. Some have received and some have not received their ballot papers. of the people.
He said that the DC has asked the political parties if the candidates of the winning parties will take which path on that day.
The JAC will file a PIL in the Meghalaya High Court in the coming days regarding the illegal construction of this road.
Madanriting is a very large village and when you look at it from the front many people say that it is a village that is well developed from side to side but when you look at other parts you see that it is a village that still needs very good for the development works he said.
The district authorities not only raped the members of the party, journalists and lawyers of the district, but also tortured and harassed the families of the party members especially the parents.
A total of 204 passengers who stayed at New Halflong were transported by bus to Maibang. Those who stayed at New Halflong on Tuesday were transported by bus and the other 169 passengers were transported by bus. day to Guwahati via Maibang.
When asked how they feel about the elections in India, the Chief Executive Members replied that the elections in India have become elections only for the wealthy and through violence. that there were few dignitaries who came out to contest this election in India.
The Minister said he was pleased to see that the members of the House paid special tribute to the soldiers who are the guardians of the country. Pathankot and Sunjuwan, it is on these incidents that the Central Government has issued these letters to all the Army Bases across the country.
The dropout rate is still increasing in the state according to the report for the year 2016-2017 published in the media.
Speaking to reporters, KSU General Secretary Kwilniss S.Suchiang said, “How can the DC call for talks on the Toll Gate, while in relation to the Toll Gate? and the badness of the road, he says nothing.
Bah Tambor Lyngdoh presented to Ambassador Thierry Mathou the book he has published.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Khraw and other UDP leaders. On the other hand, Bah Khraw (UDP candidate in the 20013 election) welcomed the participation of the Congress Mahila leaders and urged He urged them to work hard so that the party can achieve a glorious victory in
With this information to the Election Commission of India, the village has now asked the Election Commission of India to set the date for the mid-term elections in the 35-Ranikor Constituency.
Police have registered a case on the complaint. After completion of the complaint, the body of the child was taken to NEIGRIHMS for post mortem. you're in the hospital.
Youths from Mawsynram, members of the SDRF and residents of Wapung village came to search for the driver to rescue him from the truck. dewbilat Kat will be released on the 15th of this month.
On the other hand, the union urges the government to resolve the issue of the workers in terms of payment of their salaries. they were treated poorly but the pay they received was no longer a salary but a half-pay.
This was announced in a statement by KSU Nartiang Circle Publicity Secretary Juhhi Tariang.
Shillong, March 03: The Cabinet meeting today decided to increase the tax on Markhlaw from Meghalaya.
Regarding this strike, the leaders of the Bhalang are sad to see that their fellow citizens are facing this problem, even though they have been with them but they cannot force them to stop this. their protest.
During the meeting, the civil society groups asked the DC that they too will submit a letter in which they will discuss in more detail at the next meeting.
Haman's fighters, like those who turned away in the time of Tirotsing, are still there today.
He said that Bah Maxlostine L.Kyllang who passed in the first grade has been a classmate for many years and runs a shop in Mairang. He was studying in the Commerce stream and now he has passed. Both of them are from the Commerce stream.
Singh, Deputy Commissioner HB Marak, SPs, police officers and the DC of East Garo Hills read out the government announcement.
The District Administration has laid down many rules.
Explaining India's progress in space and ocean activities, Dr Jitendra Singh said that four astronauts – three Group Captains and one Wing Commander – have selected for India's first human space mission – Gaganyaan.
This figure is a comparison of GST revenue collection between 2020 and 2021 till November 2021. Assam in 2020 has collected T.984 crore and 2021 has increased by T.1,015 crore. Meghalaya's revenue increased by 3%, Meghalaya's revenue in 2020 was T.106 crore and T.149 crore in 2021, an increase of 40%.
Shillong, Nailar 4: The Chairman of Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL) Wailadmiki Shylla on Tuesday said that after the Cabinet has decided to set up a dewbilat factory in Sohra in collaboration with the people, privately, the government industry ministry is currently preparing regulations.
The questions that were very difficult for the leaders of that time, especially for Mahatma Gandhi, were whether after independence the country would be divided or not. and the country was ruled by the 565 Hima.
There are 8 recoveries so far, 4 in East Khasi Hills, 2 civilians, 1 from the Army and one from the BSF. health.
Shillong, Naitung 12: U Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Minister of State for Home Affairs (UDP) on Friday said that the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) The Chief Minister shall convene a meeting of the officers.
“The government and JHADC should stop the illegal appointment of Goanbura/Rambura by KAADC which undermines the powers of Rangbah Shnong and violates the rights of Paid Khasi Pnar,” he said. young.
The government has brought a resolution in the House to implement the ILP and now they will talk to the central government.
According to the petition, the Amlarem Civil Sub-Division has been established since 12th Nov 1976 and looks after the international border areas and also the largest foreign trade port in Meghalaya. in Bangladesh.
Shillong, November 12: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today held a meeting with the SRS to discuss two issues, the Village Administration Bill and the Village Administration Bill. the MUDA By-laws.
In a meeting with the DIG of Eastern Range, MK Dkhar, he promised to talk to the BSF to send more patrolling teams to the border. and the Chief Minister of the State on the incident on the border with Bangladesh.
There was also a discussion on the lack of action by the KHADC authorities on the Hima which have not held the Hima Dorbar, and the Paiem urged the Hima which have not held the Hima Dorbar to take action. to clarify the census of the Kur Dorbars, Shnong Dorbars, Raid Dorbars and especially Hima Dorbars at least once a year.
KSU Narpuh Circle also sent its condolences to the family members of Bah Chiang Dhar.
To expedite the preparation of the National Games for contracts worth T.50 crore and above, a special committee has been set up with the Chief Secretary as Chairman and Secretary. The PWD department will be the secretary and other members will be present.
The program was held on the 28th of November at Kyrdemkhla Community Hall, Khatarshnong-Laitkroh C&RD Block in the presence of Bah Titos W Chyne, CEM, KHADC as the Chief Guest. .
Party feelings should be forgotten for the sake of the poor.
Superintendent of Police (City) East Khasi Hills District, Bah Vivek Syiem, in a statement sent to the media, said that after receiving a tip that there is a gang in the area, truck drivers and forced the owners to buy jhur at a low price.
This suggestion is that teachers should be able to prepare the children and the children should be able to prepare.
Referring to the speech of Bah Charles Pynrope, the Minister said that it is not the loss of money, but the important thing is that the people can earn a living from this job.
This step reflects our commitment to sustain this effort and to preserve these natural resources.
The date of the final will be announced later.
Regarding the elections, it is up to the parties because in the MDA government there are many parties which have their own way of working. The MDA meeting will meet to discuss this issue as well.
On the other hand, KSU leader Bah Auguster Jyrwa in a statement today said that if the government wants to have a clear dialogue, it should stop the search for the leaders of the members. of 13 organizations.
The Central Government has directed all recipients of Central Government schemes to link to Aadhaar, whether they are employed for 100 days, to get ration, pension, housing. PMAY, Akanwadi and others have to link their Aadhaar card.
It is indeed a bias by the Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India in 2003, to introduce the word Bodo just to stop the bloodshed in Assam through the The, which was introduced and passed in the Lok Sabha on 18 August , as the (Bill No.63 of 2003) which will include and exclude the Bodo, Dogri, Maithili and Santhali languages ​​under the 10th Schedule.
However, they are happy and thankful to God that since the 30th of October until now, the HYC offices have been able to continue to provide assistance.
There are more than 100 households in this village and all the households in this village have been flooded due to heavy rainfall on Friday morning and in the morning. but of the same day and all the people had to leave their homes.
Dr Rika Lamar from Manbha Foundation, Superintendent of Police (City) Bah Vivek Syiem, Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof PS Shukla and MDC of NEHU were present at the ceremony. Mawlai Constituency Bah Teiborlang Pathaw, Rangbah and Village Leaders of Mawlai Village, relatives of the youths who wanted to give up drugs in their lives.
All the parties in the MDA government attended the meeting which was held at the Secretariat today. All the parties in the MDA government expressed their condolences on the passing away of Dr Donkupar Roy. it is a great loss to the state.
This will affect the Umkhen which we all use.
The Congress MLAs have left on their own accord, the party has suspended them because the BJP does not support them. the purse does not enter.
“We don't have any complaints but we will not allow foreigners to own our country,” he said. “We don't oppose any seminar from NEHUSU. When inquired, he said that he had named in the ejahar the people who were involved in the attack.
Shillong, Lber 10: The Model Code of Conduct has come into force from today and a video conferencing has been called with all 11 elected officials of Meghalaya. DC to inform that the MP elections to the Lok Sabha have been announced.
Under the Ayushman Bharat Digital Mission (ABDM), about 5 lakh IDs have been created. Under the Pradhan Mantri Jan Aarogya Yojana (PMJAY) Meghalaya, there are about 18 lakh beneficiaries and about 5 lakh cards have been distributed,” she said. .
The Prime Minister urged the people to come forward to provide land for the development of the area.
This is according to a statement sent by Bah Joplang Kharnaior President HYC Nongthliew.
This was stated by Bah Egenstar Kurkalang, General Secretary of the Union.
After this, it was the turn of the offering and prayer by the paid bylleiñ followed by the distribution of rice, gold and silver to bring the rneng home. sem sha you tnum you tyndai.
He said that the construction of the road has been funded by the Central Government to the Commerce and Industry Department of the Government and the money has been handed over to the PWD to construct the road. ask this street because they personally went to this place to see.
(iv).
Shillong, July 09: U Symbut Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong today said that after a meeting with the religious leaders, it has been decided to close down the places of worship until another decision is taken.
“We are not allowed to operate this school at all because Mowluber is still in the dispute area,” said the Seng leaders.
He also spoke about the allocation of land for jobs where the former Railway Minister had received land for jobs and said that the CBI is monitoring this and this is still under investigation. the judgment of the court.
For example, all the states in India except the State Legislature no longer have a traditional style of administration but have Panchayati Raj and Municipalities.
When we look at the border dispute between Assam and Nagaland, we see the courage of the Naga people and the Naga police.
All the residents are urged to follow this announcement of the Shnong and also to follow all the rules issued by the Government how to protect themselves from this disease such as wearing masks, staying away one to one, no crowding, frequent hand washing and other preventive measures.
The government has now rejected the proposal after the residents of the area opposed the misunderstanding that the government will take the land. will not seize the lands but will simply recognize the area as an elephant sanctuary.
The UDP Youth Wing feels that this incident has shocked the people and demands that the police should arrest and punish the perpetrators who have dared to commit this act of violence in the society. only.
According to a statement sent by the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District Rituraj Ravi, the two foreigners were identified as Esan Singh and Sujit Dutta.
“The weakness and slowness on the part of the State Government is one of the reasons.
The Work Permit for Non Indigenous People will not be allowed to enter the country.
Violet Lyngdoh is the first woman to win the MDC election to the JHADC from 23-Rymbai Khliehriat Constituency in 2014 from the UDP. The Deputy Chairperson of the House of Representatives.
He also congratulated the people who came forward to accept him as the leader of the party especially from the border areas.
Other office bearers are Yshua Lyngdoh, Vice President, Mawkhar and Richest Malngiang, General Secretary, Law Department, Shella.
In order for these types of cigarettes to remain on the market, companies must demonstrate that e-cigarettes benefit the health of users, and at the same time that they should not be attractive to children. shrink.
Shillong, July 12: The MPCC Election Committee (MPCC) has postponed its meeting today at the residence of its Chief Secretary Dr DD Lapang.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Kongngor of Khyriem Hima said that the traw was covered by the raid Nongbri in the past few days and today it is the duty of Nongsmit to remove the traw and to remove the traw. They were covered with new ones and from the morning the ceremony began to be played with the ksing and the duhalia.
After the discussion, the Union of Village Authorities of Upper Nongtre (SNSUN) was formed.
“This unfair behavior of MeECL has made it difficult for the residents to live in the dark without light even if it is the right to light and it is also an insult to us who live in the outskirts or the border area, " said Mr. Pala.
Alliance Air has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL), the central public sector unit under the Ministry of Defence. The Hindustan Aircraft is built in India.
According to the government, MECOFED will supply fertilizers from IFFCO in Guwahati as part of its efforts to reach a chemical-free farming system. and delivery to farmers.
The government authorities have already taken all the necessary measures to ensure that the Yatra will run smoothly.
The Chief Minister said there is a great opportunity for the state to further improve trade with Bangladesh, as well as in the tourism sector.
On the other hand, the president of the PDF said that he as president has requested but he has learned that in the District Council there is no law to restrain the MDCs. Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Ri Bhoi Youth Organization (RBYO) has admitted that 80% of the villages in the Ri Bhoi District have been infiltrated by foreigners. “The party warns against the Rangbah Shnongs who welcome foreigners,” said Bah Baiateilang Lapang, president of the party.
On this occasion, the president of the union said that if they want, the authorities can do it and if they don't want to give reasons, the union wants the authorities to call for talks.
On the other hand, the KSU will stand with the Khasi-Pnar people living in Lapangap and other parts of the Meghalaya-Assam border and the KSU will not allow even an inch of Bri U Hynniewtrep to flow into the Assam.
In the past few years, they have assaulted a school child without any reason and if no one is present, they can injure the child.
Shillong, June 21: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today after inspecting the Mawlai By-Pass, also inspected the Shillong Airport at Umroi. The MLA of this constituency is Bah George B Lyngdoh.
At the same time, the HNYM leader said that the HNYM will wait for a letter from the government and if the government calls a meeting to discuss the roster, the HNYM will not participate.
It is known and understood that once the lockdown is lifted, the authorities in different states, in the country and around the world will face many challenges how to restore the smooth running of economy and development. development projects and especially to address the unemployment of many churches where we have seen the sudden unemployment of many who work in companies or private sector.
Kumbathmu Rani 9th position Zoology, 84.13%.
This happened on the 13th of this month while the child was playing near the transformer.
HITO said that schools in West Khasi Hills District have a shortage of teachers and some have too many teachers. number of students.
Bandari Ryntathiang, President of the Mawthei Unit of CORP, said that the assistance was given to these families by the President of the Mawthei Unit of CORP. Hey.
Bah S Lyngdoh said that these 10 houses which the union has taken over are only those which have been damaged almost completely. there are also shops that have been destroyed.
“If the railway comes, it will open up more opportunities for other high paid ethnic groups from northern India to enter and leave, live and earn and work as they please inside the country. District which will further affect the employment of the villagers especially those who own trucks and all those who live on trucks.
Two light decorations were also inaugurated at the Harrison Bridge and the Red Cross Bridge. Merry Christmas and Happy New Year.
He also urged the Khasi land owners not to be afraid as it is their land because the party takes full responsibility and is with them.
Shillong, July 23: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday said that the letters of appointment of Polling Officers have been sent to their offices.
He said the regional committee has already met three times.
Officers must have 7 years of service, must take this course as part time without any study leave and every year up to 3 Officers must attend the course and will be paid. by the Government.
She added that if every person and every family is healthy, then the goal of building a healthy India can be achieved.
In Tura, the Chief Minister, on his return from Delhi, met with the teachers who have organized the strike to talk to them about the strike, while in Shillong, the Chief Minister's Symbut, Bah Prestone Tynsong. he called to speak to them now.
Many commercial vehicles have had to stop because they are no longer able to pass through the road.
Shillong, Lber 26: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh today urged the 60 MLAs of the State to cooperate with the government authorities in this time of fight against the coronavirus. Coronavirus disease.
Regarding the Work Permit, the HYC demands that the government should have a detailed census of the number of employees. If you don't have a work permit, you don't have a work permit. If you don't have a work permit, you don't have a work permit.
There are 72 recoveries, 57 from East Khasi Hills, 8 from West Jaintia Hills, 03 from South Garo Hills, 2 from Ri Bhoi, 1 from North Garo Hills and 1 from South West Garo Hills. There were 12692 cases.
That is the only way for us to ask again for this country, otherwise it will be destroyed.
“We have now urged the Speaker to hold a special session and we will also meet with other leaders of other parties to tell them to hold a special session. On the other hand, Bah Wellbert Ranee said that those MLAs who talk about the ILP, this is the golden opportunity for them to talk about the ILP. ILP if they really love the country and the nation and this special session is the best time to discuss and pass a resolution on ILP and send it to Delhi.
There has also been a discussion with the Central Government that those who have not returned will not be allowed to return, but those who have been on the road will be allowed to return but will not be able to go to their accommodation. but they have to comply with the rules laid down by the state government.
At present, KHADC has nine departments, General Administration Department T.3.73 crore, Law Department T.11.73 lakh, Revenue Budget and Finance Department T.1.03 crore, Forest Administration. department T.1.28 crore, Administration of justice and judicial department T.58.29 lakh.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, who is also the Chairman of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government, has called a meeting of all the parties in the government to discuss the issues related to the government. jobs within the government.
The foundation stone of the Silver Jubilee was inaugurated by Chief Minister Shri. Shri Edward Marngar together with the elders, Bah MMyiap President HSPDP Mawshynrut, Sordar Riangdo Shri DD Nongrum, Sordar Lumpyngngad Shri AA Marbaniang, Sordar Umsohpieng Shri AA Nianglang, Sordar Nongarrynniaw and Shri KK. members of the Managing Committee of the School along with parents from neighboring villages.
Police have seized a laptop, a computer and many books from the house. Police have seized a laptop, a computer and several books. The name of the rebel group is the Eastern Naga National Government (ENNG).
When asked, the Minister said, “While they are talking like this, the protest has also taken place across the country and the traffic of vehicles carrying passengers has been affected across the country. India and this has not happened only in the remotest state of Meghalaya.
He said that some of the best schools in the state are in Tura.
The Committee also recommended that there should be only one electoral roll and Electoral Photo Identity Card (EPIC) to be used in the elections for the three levels of Government.
Therefore, it remains for the Governor of Meghalaya in terms of Section 2 of the United Khasi Jaintia Hills Regulation, 1952 to declare that the If the State Government has been able to force the Governor to introduce the Administrator Rule in KHADC even without proper grounds, what will happen? The Governor will be directed to issue a Notification under Section 2 of Regulation No. 5 of 1952 to implement the ILP. This should not be delayed because the influx of foreigners and others into our villages is very high as we have seen that they have been arrested by the Seng Bhalang from time to time.
Especially at this time, many of the students who have taken online classes have lost the explanation from the teachers every day especially the students who have taken online exams have lost their exams.
In Meghalaya, 9 battalions and 8 companies have been deployed to guard the 444 km long border with Bangladesh. part of the Ri.
Manish Desai, Director General, Central Bureau of Communication, informed the meeting that the theme of the calendar 'NayaVarsh, NayeSankalp' reflects the various programs and policies of the Government of India developed in accordance with the goals and objectives of the Government of India. under the leadership of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi.
Regarding this behavior of the BGB, the village has met with the Company Commandant of the area and there has been a discussion and it is understood that the BSF has no complaint against this. the construction of houses for the people in the village.
John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, Meghalaya State Planning Board, and Chairman, SPIKAP, urged the Village Authorities, Raid and Hima Authorities to take action to hold discussions within the villages to enable them to establish and allocate medicinal plants in the Village Forests, Adong Forests, Raid Forests and Hima Forests, as part of the protection of these valuable plants from extinction.
, the participants expressed their satisfaction that they have received training on cleanliness to achieve the goals of the Swachh Bharat Mission.
Women who are BPL and do not have a typhoon can apply again for the Pradhan Mantri Ujjwala Yojana through the typhoon distributors.
The Prime Minister said that in his meeting with the embassy, ​​they said that it will take three or four days to complete and sign all the necessary documents and it will take one day.
It was also found that the common wall has collapsed since 2020 and until now this well has not been inspected or repaired and it is dangerous for those who walk and stand in this area especially the households who live behind the well. School.
Ka Act ‘The Khasi Hills Autonomous District (Protection and Promotion of Khasi Traditional Medicine) Act, 2011’.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said that this conference is a sign of the beauty of the Constitution and he said that he has been participating in this conference for a long time, formerly as Prime Minister and now as Minister. Chief Duh.
The leaders who joined the NPP include Cornelius Nongtnger from Nongmalang, President of the Congress party from Nongmalang Village Unit, Headingwell L Langrin, UDP from Wahkaji, Porter Myrthong. , UDP Secretary from New Mawjai, Bah Kitboklang Nongsiang, Secretary of UDP from Nongrynniang Village Unit and Bah Batsman Nonglang, Secretary of UDP from New Nongtnger.
The youth have not used their skills to stand on their own feet.
Shillong, Nailar 3: The Leader of the Opposition Dr. Mukul Sangma today asked the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma where those ALS Ambulances which have been promised to be purchased have not been seen yet.
“If the government shows the same basis for the partition of Meghalaya and declares that Hynniewtrep will become its own state on time as it did for Kashmir, then we can give trust in the government.
Replying to a question, the Prime Minister's Secretary said that the government has discussed this and soon they will impose a night curfew five kilometers from zero point.
The National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) has already deployed three teams and other teams are on standby in Guwahati and Patna.
Sohra Division has received T.49.8030 lakh for the construction of Mawkma-Laitlyngdopngimawsaw road, NH Bye Pass has received T.30 lakh for the construction of Umkdiat Nongmynsong road and T.30 lakh for the improvement of Lumshyiap road. 30 lakh.
When they fled , the youths chased and caught the four men and took them to the village house for investigation in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong , the Rangbah Shnong women's organizations and the police.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah Satly Ryngkhlem, Waheh Shnong of Wapungskur and Bah DL Rymbai, Adviser of Moopynieiñ Village.
He said that the education we are studying to get jobs now will change and the time will come when there will be no jobs.
Turning to Motphran opposite the Palace, the contractor who constructed this road under the scheme to beautify Motphrah has left the road without completing the road and this has created a problem in terms of flooding. of water in the area.
Police have arrested the driver of the scooty and his passenger and sent them for medical check-up at Woodland Hospital.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: The HSPDP today inaugurated the Golden Jubilee Celebration of the party at its office on Boyce Road by the President of the party, Bah KP Pangniang.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with the Superintendent of Police of East Khasi Hills Rituraj Ravi in ​​the presence of HNYF leaders, Bnai Syngkrem, brother-in-law of Tarson, said, “ This morning (Tuesday) at 12 o'clock in the morning while I was about to clean my car, I received a phone call from Dawki Police Station that the Police have sent Bah Tarson to the Police Station. Dawki PS and three others. “We were sitting in the car and Bah Tarson entered the police station and asked questions about the incident,” said Bah Syngkrem.
I appeal to other elders to take the initiative to help these three.
In this regard, the government will prepare a detailed plan and after completion, the government will inform them and they will have to sit down again to take a final decision.
There are 4 cases in East Khasi Hills, 7 cases in West Garo Hills and 1 case in West Jaintia Hills.
On behalf of the UDP, Metbay strongly condemns the action of the Assam police who shot dead the people of the area and the party demanded that the Chief Minister should send an inquiry to the NIA. the shooting of civilians.
The construction of this bridge shall be in the shape of a khilon without a pillar in the middle and shall be constructed only of steel bars.
When inquired from the office in Guwahati regarding the delay in receiving their salary, the office said that the money has been sent since 14th March 2017 to the account of Monjurul Hoque.
“We are waiting for the CEM of KHADC to take action on this complaint,” said Thomas Passah and F Marngar in a statement. day.
When police searched the vehicle, they found 74 boxes of soap and these containers were found to be stem powder and when tested, they were found to be heroin. 926.40 grams and a mobile phone number were also seized.
At present, the incident has been stopped in this area and the state governments have taken measures to address these issues. public to avoid confusion.
In Puriang, a Maruti Sumo MLO4A-3573 coming from Jowai collided with a TATA Sumo MLO5K-1151 coming from Shillong.
Regarding this, Bah Pyniaid has written on 21st October 2016 to the government, but the government has not done anything yet. He wrote again to the Minister of PWD to remind him of what he had written earlier.
He took the example of Kerala where this treatment has attracted tourists.
The Chief Minister said that this government is working for the people of the state and the government always supports such ceremonies to showcase its culture to the world.
We have also been informed that many of the contractors have been brought from outside the villages where the project has been implemented which has resulted in the loss of skilled workers of the area which has led to the loss of income,” he said. The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma on Friday handed over the appointment letters to 425 newly recruited doctors including Junior Specialists, Medical Officers and Dental Surgeons who serve in various health facilities in the State.
“The Deputy Commissioner has accepted the cooperation and will soon look for more ways and means to protect the youth from drugs,” said the union in a statement. newspaper.
The JSU syndai unit in a meeting with the AEE Border Road Sub-Division also demanded the construction of a wooden bridge at Wah Amalokodo near Muktapur village which is part of the present Muktapur-Borkhat-Borkhat road. the trees began to wither and wither.
The Padma winners will be honored at the National War Memorial tomorrow (10th June 2024).
The aim should be to make the lives of farmers easier.
The MDCs who won the GHADC elections are 1-Siju won by Albinush R Marak NPP, 2-Wajesik won by Nathawal Marak India and 3-Silkigre won by Sengbtah R Marak NPP. 4-Rongrikimgre won by Nikman Ch Marak GNC, 5-Gasuapara won by Promod S Koch NPP, 7-Babelapara won by Rakesh Sangma NPP, 8-Amongpara won by Nehru D Sangma INC , 9-Tura won by Bernard N Marak BJP, 10-Dengnakpara won by Sadhia Rani M Sangma INC, 11-Boldamgre won by Stevie M Marak INC, 12-Nogorpara won by Linekar K Sangma NPP, 13-ZikZar won by Aktar Ali India 14-Betasing won Sanjay Koch INC, 15-Rochonpara won Arbinstone B Marak Ind, 16-Asanang won Anseng A Sangma NPP, 17-Balchanda won Agassi R Marak INC, 18-Batabari won Asahel D Shira INC, 19-Shyamnagar won by Habibuz Zaman, 20-Raksamgre won by Benedic R Marak NPP. 21-Naguapara won by Dhormonath Sangma NPP, 22-Jengjal won by Grahambell A Sangma NPP, 23-Rongrong won by Rinaldo 2 K Sangma INCsong, Crozier G. Momin NPP won, 25-Damas won Pardinand D Shira INC, 26-Kharkutta won Cherak Watre Monin INC, 27-Samandagre won Lahitson M Sangma INC, 28-Darugre won Henen R Sangma NPP, 29- Shillong, June 15: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War today said that the total number of COVID-19 positive cases in the state has risen to There are 93 cases in East Khasi Hills, 2 cases in West Jaintia Hills and 2 cases in Ri Bhoi.
Today, it was seen that all those who entered the dorbar hall on the balcony were tested by the office staff. Everyone who came to the dorbar hall should be tested as part of the prevention of COVID-1 19.
Referring to the Ganol Hydel Power Project, the Chief Minister said that in 2014, T.116 crore was allocated for the construction of the power plant but at the time of awarding the tender, T.116 crore was allocated. 248 crore and to complete the construction of the power plant the cost will be T.350 crore.
The allegation of corruption is based on the finding that all the rules have been violated by these two District Councils, where the permit to implement the works instead of being signed by the engineers of the state government has been signed by the engineer. of these District Councils and the misuse of funds instead of implementing development works has been used for the payment of salaries.
Officials of the High Court of Meghalaya and family members of the deceased were present at the ceremony.
Due to the lack of jobs by the government, the students who passed the agricultural examination as sent by the government have formed a group called the Meghalaya Agricultural Students and Graduates Association (MASGA).
Dipali Barman, Secretary of NASS, said that as women, while they are at home, they grow up under the protection of their father and when they get married, they grow up under the protection of their husband. the elderly have to rely on the protection of their children.
After the march, they also submitted a petition to the Chief Secretary of the state to demand that the government should take strict action against those who commit rape.
Nikshay Mitras who wish to remain anonymous can donate to bank accounts opened specifically for this purpose in the name of Nikshay Mitras/PMTBMBA in different districts.
This achievement demonstrates our commitment to harnessing technology for the benefit of businesses.
All Rangbahshnong, Sengbhalang, Religious leaders are requested to join hands with the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare in this program so that we can protect our children from polio and remove this plague from the earth immediately.
In Assam John has impressed the judges with his magic skills.
The union also requests the Director to improve and maintain Mawsynram PHC, to build Jyllep and Mawhiang Sub Centers faster which has been sent for approval for the allocation of funds through PMABHIM, to develop Ranikor. CHC to the First Referral Unit (FRU) CHC by providing a proper pharmacist and an X-ray machine inside the CHC and to improve the Pediatric Ward at the Civil Hospital Mawkyrwat.
These households who received assistance from the church are among the 500 households who were affected by the cold weather in June this year.
Those who took part in this competition were from different parts of the country which showed the richness of the Khasi-Khara culture.
The rebel group has pointed out that the deterioration of the roads is excessive, even in Jaintia Hills.
He expressed his satisfaction to see these development works and promised to provide all possible support from his side,” he added.
The BSF has admitted that during the past month, it has seized up to 200 cows which were intended to be smuggled into Bangladesh. The amount of money has reached T.2 crore.
Furthermore, the KSU urged the people to work together with the State Government and the KSU to fight against drugs and not to be afraid when good things and changes come.
I would like to advise the sisters who want to earn a living from driving that if you want the opportunity will open for you.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Bah PN Syiem said that once the central government has released the fund, the Council will send to the State Level Committee the budget. T.25 crore for the maintenance of this road, whether it accepts or not, they are ready to deposit this money to the PWD for the construction of this road.
The RBYF and all the leaders of the 12 organizations have adopted many laws which do not exist in the State Government to prevent or curb the illegal entry of mynder and after reading carefully that there are rules under these All the laws are adequate and many are incomplete which has led us all to prepare a new and better proposal than the ILP (BEFR 1873).
The government's failure to do anything this year has put MeECL in trouble. The opposition leader said that the prime minister and the minister of electricity should be removed to resolve the issue. On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that there will be no leadership change within the Congress party.
The HYC urges the State Government and the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Government of India to take immediate action and punish those involved in the attack.
To ensure that the office of the DFO should be located in Khliehriat, the President of the East Jaintia Mineral Suppliers Export Import Association (EASA) has also met with the Minister of Social Welfare, Revenue Disaster Management Department Mr Kyrmen Shylla.
Regarding BITE, the union has learned that the project has not been abandoned but is still in the process of being implemented after the PWD department has handed it over to the education department.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Dr. Ampareen said that the man carrying a knife and standing on the ground was first seen by the MDC and EM of KHADC. They were arrested and informed the police and the police came to arrest him.
Shillong, March 01: U Bah Lamphrang Blah, MDC of the Congress constituency from Mawphlang, will join the National People's Party (NPP) on Tuesday. Bah Lamphrang Blah, said that they decided at a meeting held at his residence in Mawphlang, he and his supporters to join the NPP party and contest the mid-term elections to be held on the 30th. date of this month.
He said that the salary loss of the GHADC employees has been since the Congress-led Executive Committee for three months and the NPP-led Executive Committee for 27 months. The GHADC demands that they should receive their salaries.
The opening of this new training center at Mary Our Help Training Center is a testimony to the work of this center for the welfare of children and the development of education.
He said it is sad to see that while Bah AL Hek is still holding the post of Minister of Health and Family Welfare, the government has called for applications for this post. , and the level of education is pass kalss seven.
To promote Shillong to the world, Indigo in its monthly magazine to be placed inside the plane for passengers to read while on board the plane, has placed a picture of Shillong on the front page of the magazine.
The Government should know that when Meghalaya gained independence from Assam on 21st January 1972, it was taken from two districts of Assam, the United Khasi and the United Khasi. Jaintia Hills and Garo Hills.
Banjovial Nongrum, Organizing Secretary, Michael Susngi, Assistant Organizer, NKHD Unit, Bah Blickstar Sohtun, President Union of Rangbah Shnongs and members of KSU North Eastern Border.
According to the latest reports, the meeting will focus on the seven sites which have already been appointed by the three regional committees headed by the Cabinet Ministers of the Assam and Meghalaya governments.
This all points to the country’s economic recovery.
Also, we have recently achieved the goal of One Country, One Grid in the field of electricity.
In his speech, the MLA of Sohra, Bah Gavin M Mylliem, said that it is a great honor for the people of Sohra, at the same time he urged the health department to start they must complete the work within the stipulated time.
Shillong, Naitung 09: Due to heavy rainfall in Shillong today at noon, the road leading to Malki collapsed and no casualties were reported. what a tragic event.
He compared the work of boosting connectivity from the country’s independence to 2014 and the post-2014 period and informed that 6,000 km of highways have been constructed in the last 10 years when compared to 10,000 km in 70 years and 200 km of railway lines.
Compared to the price of petrol and diesel in Guwahati and Shillong, the price of petrol and diesel is higher in Shillong.
Bikash Singh, Correspondent of the Economic Times, spoke about the election results.
Shillong, March 31: There are 22 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District, 14 cases in West Garo Hills and 3 cases in West Garo Hills. 431 people were killed.
On the allegation that he is a dictator, the Prime Minister said that no matter what the allegation is, it is the duty of the government to do so.
Workers of PWD (R) have immediately left to clear the ground and the PWD (R) is looking for ways and means to temporarily repair the road. at Shnongrim village to release vehicles parked in the middle of the road.
The Union Minister of State for Home Affairs, Dr. Aman Warr, today said that India has now been able to free politics from the rule of one household. that the Prime Minister of India is a poor man.
Shillong, March 01: Shillong Police today received a tip that the body of an elderly man has been found in the water at Nan Polok.
Sangma said there are two out of 46 processing units in Amlarem.
The cyle race will be for 43 km and the theme is to preserve the environment.
Two new cases have been confirmed in Eastern West Khasi Hills District 1, West Khasi Hills District 1 today, bringing the total number of recoveries in the state to 92176 so far. day.
All these parties including the INC, TMC, TDP, SP, BSP, have announced that the PM candidate will be announced after the counting of votes but as it turns out after the counting of votes, the people have rejected it. The people want to know who among them will be the leader of India.
On the same night, a petrol bomb exploded at Rynjah Police station, but no casualties were reported.
: The Meghalaya Lokayukta has accepted a complaint by the MLA of the Voice of People's Party (VPP) from North Shillong Constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, who has lodged a complaint against 40 officers of the State Government. misuse of public funds in connection with the implementation of the Saubhagya scheme.
After receiving the decision to lift the ban on coal mining, the government has had to formulate rules for coal mining in accordance with the rules laid down to ensure that coal mining will be safe and secure. to nature.
Layerson War, President of JSU Mynso Unit, said that Mynso PHC still has only one line of doctors, including Dr. War. Please note that Doctor K.War has not yet arrived and has no intention of transferring him.
The KSU leader said that many times the talks have ended only in the four corners of the Secretariat but he said that we should not lose hope. and one of them is that the government should introduce a law on transparent employment.
Shillong, November 29: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) today celebrated its victory in the mid-term elections from 35-Ranikor and 51-South Tura constituencies.
The letter was signed by Bah Cheerful Ryngkhlem, Chairman of Moopyniein Village Council and Deibormi L Rymbai, Secretary of Jowai Village Council.
Does the PD Forum have a PD Front? The most shocking event in the world is that a Forum comprising political parties will give birth to another political party that they will have to fight against.
There are 139 recoveries, 117 from East Khasi Hills, 11 from Ri Bhoi, 6 from West Garo Hills, 2 from North Garo Hills, 2 from South West Khasi Hills and 1 from West Jaintia Hills. you have 7471 people.
Shillong, Naitung 25: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today closed down all the places in Shillong to register the names of the residents through Aadhar.
: The North Eastern Council (NEC) has approved the allocation of T.11 crore for the improvement of the Ïewduh, the oldest market in the state.
Kenneth said that at the meeting, MUPSTA also informed the Minister about the problem regarding the recruitment of teachers after the release and making it necessary to complete the MTET to be appointed as teachers within the country. that School adhoc.
On this occasion, the people of different religions of the 19-Shillong South Constituency took part in the march and played Christmas lights along the road from Bishnapur to Iewdak. Assam Club.
Answering a question on the Lineage Bill of KHADC, Bah Shylla said that they did not discuss anything on this issue today.
The union is continuously monitoring the violence by the BSF against the people and expects the DGP to do the right thing.
The State Electricity Department has worked hard from all aspects to ensure that the work will be adequate and the work will be completed on time. He urged the people to wait for the work to continue smoothly.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said that the amendments to the law are not just policies.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Bah Syiem said that there has been a request from the Syiems that such a meeting should be held in the Hima in order to explain to the public. the island signed between the 25 Himas and the Government of India in 1947 and 1948 which are the islands that are important.
He said that the government will ensure that the agriculture sector in the state will be united and the rest will benefit the farmers in the state. checks to 35 groups amounting to T.31.15 lakh.
The union also demands that Teldaris Nongbri should be reinstated.
At the same time, Bah Batskhem Myrboh appealed to the public to be responsible and not to produce any inappropriate activities. take responsibility.
It is on this basis that the rules have been reviewed and if all goes well, the places of worship will be opened in the first month of April 2020, after the outbreak of COVID-1 spread to the people, but it was not prevented.
Meghalaya were runners-up in the 2023-24 Col CK Nayudu Trophy plate group, finishing second only to Nagaland.
On the other hand, the CEM urged the members of the House to bring forward any suggestions or amendments if they have any to discuss the bill for the benefit of men. and women to share in the property.
The question now is if government employees retire at the age of 58 and 60 years they get the benefits, what do they have to do for the farmers? part of helping them.
In this meeting with the leaders of Sohra area today, the Prime Minister himself expressed his regret that the Sohra road is in poor condition.
However, the number of female students is relatively low in the country’s special education institutions and is even lower in the field of technical education.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah Renikton said that if the GVK company which is currently in charge of the operation of 108 ambulances cannot operate properly, the government should hand over to another company. that the people may not suffer.
Shillong, Naitung 07: The Blood Bank of NEIGRIHMS has conducted a blood collection at the Assam Rifle Medical Center in Laitkor.
Shillong, Nailur 06: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma in a meeting with the leaders of the Ri Bhoi Students Union (RBSU) has promised that instead of the Government College, the government will set up a Community College. Ri Bhoi District.
Saint Mary's College is one of the most prominent educational institutions in the North East and in India as a whole. Missions or sisters are called sisters.
He said that the union will meet the CEM of KHADC to demand that the NOC should be issued for the construction of the road and no NOC should be issued for the construction of the road.
Shillong, November 20: The Meghalaya State Hockey Association (MSHA) has organized a Winter Hockey Coaching Camp at Madan Iewrynghep, Laitumkhrah. This teaching was published today.
At the meeting, the CLP also spoke about the government's lack of attention to the border issue, which in the last three years the government has not done anything to resolve.
The committee said that the authority here regarding the establishment of factories in the state is the MSPCB. The MSPCB has issued a letter to close down the 15 Coke factories in Shallang.
He added that 6,000 mobile towers have been installed to provide mobile connectivity in every part of the region through an allocation of Rs 5,000 crore.
Speaking at the public hearing, Bah Louis Dohtdong Assistant Secretary of the party, urged the people to support COMSO in the struggle for the ILP in Meghalaya. .
Rai said that despite the challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic, the unit has been able to recruit 5,192 new soldiers.
In connection with the burning of Das, police have arrested four members of the KSU on suspicion of involvement in the incident.
The CAA prevents the most disadvantaged groups from receiving protection and assistance.
Shillong, Nailur 20: Although the government has not yet issued an announcement regarding the appointment of ministers in the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government, it is learned that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya has appointed the Ministers. Brolding Nongsiej to three government departments namely Water Resources, Home Guard and Civil Defence.
Shillong, Naitung 08: The Mawkynrew Cup Committee on July 7, 2018 has concluded the two-day Referees Workshop which was opened on July 6,
: The Anti-Narcotic Task Force of East Jaintia Hills District in collaboration with the Lumshnong Police Station on Friday seized 926.40 grams of heroin from a vehicle. The vehicle (AS-24-D-2838) was traveling from Kalain to Guwahati, Assam.
The closing date for applications is 27.01.2017 and for more information please call 8014181864 and
The union feels that the cooperation between the government, religious leaders, village and hima headmen as well as NGOs is a sign of the beginning of the fight against the entry of drugs into the state. which enters the school children and youth to the point of destroying their lives and affecting their families, is one.
KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar said the current CEC has become an interim supervisor until the full office bearers of the party are appointed.
The body of the man was recovered this morning 8th June 2013. According to information received, five of them were intent on going to khwai. Three people escaped and the boat carrying the deceased was still in the middle and due to the strong wind, the boat carrying the deceased capsized.
He joined the Army as a pilot in 1984 after training at the National Defense Academy, Khadakwasla, Defense Services Staff College and College of Air Warfare.
Shillong, Nailar 18: There are 244 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 79 cases in Ri Bhoi and 55 cases in Ri Bhoi. there were 3405 in all.
After completing the legal requirements, the body was handed over to the family members to perform the last rites.
On this day, young men and women from all over Shillong came to take part in this dance to thank the Creator.
Both of them were honored by the MLA of Mawlai last year for winning bronze medals in the same events at the National and Regional Levels.
He said that there are many such cases where the government cannot report to the central government.
The political secretary said this while talking to SP News Agency.
In the Junior Boys category, Nagaland won one gold medal through Tenloi Phom in the U-45kg category; Assam won two goals through Debasis Chetia in the U-48kg category and Rahul Phukan in the U-51kg category.
At the same time, training will be provided to health workers.
In his speech, Bah W Nongdkhar said that it is the right of the private owners to decide what to do with their land. Joe Marwein President of FKJGP said that if the government takes these land, it will hand over to the wealthy companies where they will come. to bring in people from outside.
The reason is based on the wishes of the residents, the presence of many people and many of the people have been satisfied with what they are doing. The government wants to resolve the issue in these seven areas.
The union has also questioned the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board on the letter sent by the MSPCB to the MoEF&CC in Delhi which states that up to 280 groups or organizations have written to the MPCB and supported the mining. the ore from Brichrnot and only 6 groups opposed.
After the ceremony , the governors went to meet with their MLA , Bah Sanbor Shullai , and at first he said , " Put the documents and he will look after , because of his commitment to improve education The new school building has been inaugurated under the ADB scheme.
Other dignitaries who attended the function included RR Makdoh CEM of KHADC, Bah D Hynniewta ADC, Bah R Kharbihkhiew BDO of Umling, MD Decca Joint Director of Education. .
One of the issues that has affected the students is the grading of students' accommodation, books in the library and Rohit Prasad was allegedly appointed illegally.
Many of them did not want to be named, but said that if the government can do anything to build a road from Ketting Road to Them Bijoy by building a road. Lady Keane's house and the Police Bazar area have been used for search and rescue.
Jowai, Naitung 12: Meghalaya Cement Limited (Topcem Cement) today planted trees at Chehruphi village in East Jaintia Hills District. inside the compound of the sand factory.
There are also ethnic groups like Gujjars, Bakarwals, Gaddis, Sippies and Balties who should not get their rights.
Speaking to SP News Agency, he said that the people should not listen to the rumors that the registration will end this month.
The statement of these two men has caused anger from the civil society and some have lodged a complaint against them and the police have lodged a criminal complaint.
The KSU Tyrsad Umkseh Unit has also awarded the Hero Award to three members of KSU Tyrsad Umkseh Unit including Samla Rangkynsai Rynjah, Samla Spailet Rynjah and Samla Morningstar Rynjah for their bravery. who have set a good example for others to have a courageous and unwavering spirit in any area they encounter.
JSU General Secretary Samla Emperor Bareh (SP News) said in a statement.
Jowai, Jymmang 17: The teachers of Lower Primary and Upper Primary Schools under Mukhla and Khliehtyrshi cluster on the 12th of this month held a special program to honor and congratulate Sutanuka Deb. Coordinator of Society for Action in Community Health (SACH) and water sanitation and hygiene (WASH) at BTC Lower Primary School Thadlaskein West Jaintia Hills.
The cyclone is blowing east of Assam and neighboring states.
If the Director does not take action within that date, the Union will take other measures to force the Government to take action on this issue,” said the Union leaders.
The President of the Hill Farmers Union (HFU), Commander Shangpliang, said that the EC has decided to hold a public meeting on the continuation of the kilo cut in Iewduh and other places. Even after meetings with the government authorities, District Council and also with the Syiem, the kilo cut continues till now.
Bah Jestfull Wahlang from the Phrakpoh Kur said that they came to protest against the authority of the Syiem and as the Kur has the right to be the Syiem, it is an act of power of the king in which at present no council was held.
Ummat, June 22: The Nongtung Raid under the Khynriem Hima has 36 villages, of which 22 are Khasi villages, which is currently in the border dispute between Assam and Meghalaya.
Therefore, those who really need this assistance are kindly requested to collect the forms from the office of the party at; or before the date specified above.
Shillong, November 15: U Bah Pynshngianlang Syiem today handed over his resignation letter as MLA from the 25th Mawsynram Constituency.
During the meeting, the Union Minister promised to build a Composite Regional Center (CRC) for the disabled in Shillong for Meghalaya.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah N. Marwein, Rangbah Shnong, Nonghyllam and Sr.
“This action of the Government has angered the party as a whole, we are not the Meghalaya Police or their government employees to arrest us as they please.
The purpose of the training center is to preserve the Khasi medicine system and it will be a place where Khasi doctors can meet and discuss the issue of herbal medicine.
When asked why they did not support the resolution brought in the dorbar to urge the state government to implement the ILP, Pangniang said, “Ka party stands firm and holds firm to the agreement. and KHUDA but the demands put forward by the EC led by Bah Syiem have been rejected and on this basis we have withdrawn our support,” said Bah Pangniang.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: U Bah Karnes Sohshang MDC of the Congress on Tuesday said that if the UDA party asks for the support of the Congress party, the party is ready to support it. The Chief Executive Member of the KHADC has said that the Executive Committee of the KHADC will be appointed for five years.
On this occasion, the Minister of Finance of the Union Government has been pleased and promised to do whatever is necessary.
Regarding the construction of this first power plant in Garo Hills, the work has been completed by 60%.
Jowai, November 11:The AJYWO Central Body has expressed its deep sorrow over the misuse of the powers of the Waheh Shnong of Latyrke, East Jaintia Hills District by a Nepali, Krishna Sapkota. Hills, by issuing Residential Certificates to thousands of Nepalis and Bengalis in the name of the Waheh Shnong of Latyrke at the price of Rs.700/- to Rs.1000/- each in order to earn a living. and also to show that these foreigners are residents of Latyrke as reported in the media today.
He was the publisher of 'U Mawphor' in 1989 and it was the first Khasi newspaper to be published daily.
On behalf of the Federation of Khasi States, on the 17th July 2019, the 184th anniversary of the death of Syiem Tirot Sing Syiemlieh, who stood for the independence of Syiem Tirot Sing Syiemlieh, is the 184th anniversary of the death. 60 MLAs and 90 MDCs, Syiems, Lyngdohs, Sirdars, Wahadars, Dolloi, Ministers, Basans, Raid Administrators, Rangbah Shnongs, Sordars to become like Tirot Singh. The Khasi Jaintia Hills was protected through the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement of 17 August 1948, which was agreed and signed between the Government of India and the Khasi States.
Chairperson of the Committee Ampareen Lyngdoh said that the Social Welfare Department was led by E Kharmalki Secretary and government officials.
He said that the Union Minister in charge of Railways has written a letter to all the MPs of the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha to attend the meeting so that they can give their opinion on the issue. regarding the railway lines in the state and the constituency they represent.
On this occasion, Conrad met with Jitender Kumar, Head of Niti Ayog, who is the Advisor to the Government of Meghalaya. The District Council.
Sangma also spoke about the many initiatives taken by the government, and the purpose of all these is to elevate Meghalaya to higher levels so that the state becomes one of the 10 top 10 states in the country.
The special celebration of this day is to commemorate the adoption of the Constitution of India which is still in force today in terms of Khaddar rule in the country.
Prime Minister Duh said he has ordered an immediate investigation into the incident and strict action against those who have committed the crime.
Bah Balawan's struggle for justice is not over.
The meeting was conducted by Dr. Anita Rynjah, Director MI Dr. R Lyngdoh, Dr. J Lyngwa from the Central Government, Dr. Jenifer Kharwanlang, Dr. W. Kharlukhi and others. other de.
Prestone said that under the MLA scheme, MLAs are allowed to purchase food items for the poor. MLAs can purchase foodgrains and distribute them to the poor. to register the beneficiaries of this scheme for audit.
He said, “Newsgathering has become difficult in this digital age.
The incubation program will be conducted in the same manner for 120 startups with Proof of Concept.
On the other hand, the party feels that if we want the state to develop, we must first develop the mindset of the people and when the mindset of the people grows, the state develops.
In the morning, the Chief Minister convened a meeting of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and the Ministry of Food and Civil Supplies. James K Sangma has been appointed as the Minister of Finance.
Mawkynrew Jymmang 02:The Balang u Blei Secondary School, Nongjrong on the 29th June 2016, has closed down the 2016 Festival Month which started on the 25th of this month. at Madan Neng Shnong Nongjrong in the presence of the elders of the area, parents, youth, parents of school children and especially in the presence of Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MDC Mawkynrew Constituency as the chief guest.
Pynthorumkhrah MLA Bah Alexander L.Hek who is also the Minister of State on Tuesday visited Pynthorumkhrah Village to announce the roads, paths and streets. footpath.
Tura, July 01: Police have arrested four members of the GNLA from Dhubri district of Assam.
T.Lentur Committee Service Officer and Bah SA Kylla Rangbah Shnong Umsning Patarim.
He respects film festivals and requested that these platforms should be used to recognize small films.
On the other hand, Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma said that at the meeting held today, he asked why the government has delayed for a year to appoint the members of the Lokayukta.
Shillong, Naiwieng 05: U Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) in charge of Trade and Industry, on Tuesday said that they will continue to crack down on land owners who do not have Trading License. to register with the District Council.
Various Star Nongsiej started his career as a journalist in 1993 with Mawphor, later became the Editor of Peitngor newspaper and as the Editor of Kynjatshai newspaper. He is the Executive Editor of Kynjatshai Newspaper.
“People like Nantu Das should be punished.
Preneet Kaur, Minister of State for Child Development, External Affairs, Government of India, on presenting a book published by the Dorbar Hima Khyrim, Smit, as a souvenir booklet on Pomblang and Shad Hima Khyrim' 16th November 2012, at the Minister's Residence in New Delhi.
The Union Minister in charge of Defence, Rajnath Singh launched the motorcycle drive from Delhi on 14th March,
The reason given by the government is that all the posts have been filled and their term has expired.
“Ka Seng puts forward the security of the jaidbynriew and in our understanding if the railway line comes it will make it easier for the foreigners to invade the Bri u Hynniewtrep if we don't have adequate security laws. , like the ILP,” said the President of the HYC, Presios Pale.
The announcement said that his duties will be to oversee the work related to the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government and other security departments and to provide security to government officials in other states. This is the state of Meghalaya.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 283, 172 from Ri Bhoi, 64 from East Khasi Hills, 15 from South Garo Hills, 14 from West Jaintia Hills, 8 from West Garo Hills. 4, East Jaintia Hills 3, East Garo Hills 2, West Khasi Hills 1, 9955 people have recovered so far.
Nongrim Hills opened the scoring in the 79th minute through Justerwell Tham.
“We will remove the blood and suffering that has been going on for many years in the state to achieve this goal is the unity of all the people of the state,” said Fredrick Kharmawphlang.
Shillong, Nailur 10: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Upper Shillong Circle, under the leadership of Samla Pynskhemlang Syiem, Publicity Secretary, today raided the foreigners working without permits in the country. the village of Umlyngka.
Dr. Bethabra Decruse, Project Director, Meghalaya AIDS Control Society, explained about the Harm Reduction Program for People Who Inject Drugs (PWID).
Request to the media to investigate and read carefully what the EC, ARPA has done to destroy the customs and traditions within the Hima Jyrngam Sirdarship.
The KDA congratulates the Meghalaya Cooperative Apex Bank Rhiilong Branch for its ability to implement the National Handicapped Finance and Development Corporation (NHADC) scheme. Many people with disabilities benefit from standing on their own feet, so the KDA encourages those with disabilities to take it if they feel the need. help each other.
In this regard, the state government has sent to the Art and Culture Department to prepare the report requested by the central government.
The Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, who is in charge of the Parliamentary Affairs Department, has introduced the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly Secretariat Rule
The Bills introduced today are the Meghalaya Right to Public Services Bill, 2020, the Meghalaya Minerals Cess (Amendment) Bill, 2020 introduced by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and the St. Xavier's University. The Shillong Bill, 2020, was introduced by the Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: The President of CSWO, Agnes Kharshiing today sent her condolences to the families of four policemen who were shot dead by unidentified persons. in Garo Hills.
He said that this will be for the future of his family.
Regarding the accommodation of the people who come to Shillong for treatment, it will be postponed until it is possible to get its own.
“Ka Seng does not want to stop the construction of the Karbi House in Laban, because we don't want to be a nation that is hostile and to meet the needs of other ethnic groups because we are a nation that knows Briew Tip Blei, but At the same time, we cannot accept that we cannot remain silent if our fellow citizens are being harassed by the Karbi people,” said the statement. The Seng will take action to close down the Karbi House in Laban and harass the Karbi community in West Jaintia Hills District. They are the Khasi, concluded the statement.
What is more shocking is that even the Assam government has now joined hands in this political struggle against RITI. partly for political gain.
He escaped from his hiding place and arrived in Siju on the 2nd of this month and sent a message that he wanted to surrender before the law and today he went to surrender. himself before the police of Baghmara.
There were about 15 passengers in the auto rickshaw, including men, five women, two girls and two boys.
The ceasefire on the Line of Control has been in place since June 2021 and has brought peace.
He explained about the achievements of Meghalaya in the past years and said that Meghalaya has won the Best Performer award in the States Startup Ranking 2021 of the Government of India.
HYC Vice President Donboklang Kharlyngdoh in a statement said that the HYC is fighting against drugs.
The NGT has also refused to give six months as requested by the government pleader and others.
The purpose of the inspection was to repair the roads and footpaths in the area as they are too narrow and bad and this has caused problems not only to the people but also to the people. Not only the vehicles but also the passengers who live in the area.
“The police have arrested all the members of the party without getting sufficient evidence,” he added.
According to the Mairang MLA, these awards will be for those students who have passed the SSLC, Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate (HSSLC) of boards from MBoSE, CBSE. and ICSE. For HSSLC, arts, science and commerce will be distributed to all subjects and the winners will be 10 in SSLC and HSSLC. Documents required to submit include Marksheet, Birth Certificate, Tribe Schedule, EPIC, two photographs and phone number.
At the same time, the Chief Minister said that for the coming months it depends on the change of weather and on the receipt of the allocation from the central government.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: Eleven injured persons have been taken to hospital so far this evening during the strike by members of the Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union (MEMRIWU).
Therefore, as the residents, we are grateful for their selfless service and through this statement we invite all the members of the Jaidbynriew, Dorbar Shnongs and others to support the ASHAs in this strike. you Jong that.
The residents of the village expressed their gratitude and congratulations to Bah Banteidor who has taken the initiative and who from time to time has been with and looked after the suffering.
Shella Village Secretary Roykupar Synrem said that the injured was known as Denglang Diengdoh.
Shillong, Iaiong 14: The celebration of the Assam New Year has been celebrated in Shillong, where many Assamese living in the state have celebrated this day in a special manner. They held their celebrations especially at two places in Bishnupur, Laban and Asom Christ Center Dhakheti.
Other speakers who were present were Bah Rowel Lyngdoh, MLA, Co-Chairman, MSPB, Dr Manas Das Gupta, Chairman, MSPB, Dr Eureca Lyngdoh, Chairman, MSPB, Shri Y Tshering, IAS, Addl Chief Secretary, Bah HM Shangpliang, DHS officials, Insurance officials and others.
“We accept the report of the director of DSEL sent to the government and we will wait for the government to take the necessary action,” said Bah Nongsiang. do not succeed.
He said that the MCCL has about 300 employees and 150 day laborers. This figure is estimated to be more or less. to operate this factory and receive a monthly salary.
It also regulates the role of rights to resolve disputes in a more orderly manner.
Government officials from Bangladesh, Nepal, Bhutan and Myanmar will attend the two days of celebration, while Indian government officials will also attend the two days.
It is necessary for the preservation of biodiversity.
Those who wish to participate, must register themselves by calling 9615400135 / 7005079043 from 01.04.2023 from 10.30AM to 9:00PM daily.
If the railway line comes to Shillong or East Khasi Hills, it will have both advantages and disadvantages as it will facilitate traffic and create job opportunities.
To increase the income of the region is only to improve trade with neighboring countries.
Meghalaya is in three months to celebrate its 50th Anniversary and the state is ready to celebrate the 50th Anniversary of the State. Prime Minister of India to inaugurate the Golden Jubilee.
Risingbor is a lover of music and was inspired by his friend.
In addition, various Media units and teams of the I&B Department will conduct sessions/workshops on Yoga in preparation for the IDY. to yoga and employee welfare.
The participation of nearly 2 crore farmers shows the popularity of this initiative.
Replying to the tweet thread of the Union Minister, the Prime Minister tweeted, “The PTP-NER is a very helpful scheme, it aims to improve the lives of skilled manufacturers in the North East. .
The production of the poem was attended by Apot poem by Raphael Warjri.
The Seng also said that the Maxwelton Estate does not want to become the “Them Mator ba ar” because as the days go by, many foreigners are still entering the village illegally.
Born on November 1, 1972, Kong Saioo, a teacher, took the responsibility to help her fellow villagers and applied for help from the Spices Board in Shillong.
The allocation for this project is T.466.92 crore to provide electricity to 1866 villages in the rural areas.
According to the authority issued under Section 144 CrPC, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District together with Section 3 of the Meghalaya Epidemic Diseases Act, and the COVID-19 Regulations for the year 2020 together with the directives under the section The 5th Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government has closed the following activities from 4th January to 11th January 2020 during the period from 6.00 pm to 7.00 pm.
The provision of this fund under the Jal Jeevan Mission has also brought about a struggle between the States and UTs which will help to speed up the implementation of this transformative mission.
Shillong, Nailur 21: The Dorbar Shnong Myntriang East Jaintia Hills District on 14/9/2016 elected new Village Leaders including the Rangbah Shnong and Secretary Shnong for the term 2016- 2019.
The KSU would like to congratulate all those who participated in this program especially the parents of the students and all those who gave their support to the KSU to make this program a success.
The president of the BJYM of the BJP said that the 14th of June is celebrated every year in India and other countries.
Shillong, Naitung 27: The Union Minister of State for Child Development, Dr. Sanjeev Kumar Baliyan today in a meeting with the farmers of the state at the office of the Animal Husbandry Department of the State Government, promised that The Meghalaya Piggery Mission worth T.220 crore will be launched within six months.
The Waheh Shnong, D.Pde, said that Chilliangraij, Jowai is one of the villages which has been surrounded by forests and streams of the Myntdu River. These forests of the village are home to many kinds of birds and animals.
According to the statement, the government has lost T.200 crore, including the salaries of government employees and T.25.94 crore due to the curfew. 10 days of office blockade by civil society and GNLA in Garo Hills.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with the CEM to get clarification on the MDC scheme in Nongkrem Constituency, Bah Hilarius Warbah said that the CEM has told him that T. 1.12 crore has already been released for the scheme as requested by the village leaders during the absence of MDC. The State Level Selection Committee has approved the scheme and after the State Level Committee has approved it, they will release the scheme and this will not be a problem as the government also wants to complete the remaining funds.
The total number of cases is
Shillong, March 04: A delegation from Meghalaya and Assam today visited Langpih area to resolve the border issue between the two states and to meet with the people of Langpih. in the villages in the area.
The farmers said that the government has decided to turn the Mawlong Market parking lot into a jhur market on the first floor and ground floor but here too it has not happened as decided by the government today even in Anjalee. This has surprised the farmers.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma today announced that there have been seven new cases of COVID-1
As part of the preparations for this, Laskar today met with Bah DD Lapang President of the MPCC to seek his advice from the leader and Bah Lapang gave his advice on how to do it. in relation to this section to be included in the report.
Shillong, Naitung 29: The sudden passing away of Dr Donkupar Roy, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya, has shocked many people of Meghalaya especially those in the field of science in the state.
The amount received has been allocated to nine departments of KHADC, namely the General Administration and T.4,21,83,640/- Law Department T.9,77,7 Revenue Budget and Finance Department T.1,22.34,220/-, Forest Administration Department T.1,43,59,350/-,  Administration of Justice    and Judicial Department T.73,57,140/- Legislative Department T.86,23,990 /- Education Department T.2,19,000/- Civil Work and Development T.67,27,85,330/- Enforcement to protect the lands of the small paid T.86,10,380/-.
The government needs to do more.
He said that to clean the dome which weighs up to 70 tonnes will take about two months and the company that is operating it will have to clean it because every time they pay the bill they cut the bill. money to keep as a safety net so that if there is any incident, they will spend that money.
On the part of Bah Allfondbirth Khrasyntiew General Secretary of the Hill Farmer Union, he congratulated all the members of the Hill Farmer Union who attended the inspection and urged the farmers to unite and inform. Please call (8974071503) if you have any questions.
However, those who will be most affected in Social Sciences in 2024 are private candidates who rely on previous question papers and Help Books purchased from market and hat (bazaar notes).
What is needed now is to provide support to the farmers.
The AJYWO Sengkmie will also meet the CEM of JHADC with a petition to demand that he conduct the TL, PT and TCC in Jaintia Hills and also to demand that he should not renew them. license that foreigners and foreigners have held all the time and also to immediately ban the issuance of licenses to foreigners and foreigners to enable our people to participate in all kinds of jobs held “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah MH Dkhar.
It is said that in this village they don't see such an animal because it has a bright mouth and legs like human beings and hands like human hands.
In 2016, the Ministry of Coal Industry of the Union Government has worked to exempt Meghalaya from the MMDR Act and this has been approved by the Ministry of Home Affairs. The question raised by Conrad was why the government of Dr Mukul Sangma did not do anything for the people.
Shillong, Lber 17: The meeting of the Khihlang Seng scheduled to be held from the 27th to the 29th of this month at Raid Wahiajer has been cancelled. The government has not requested anyone to prevent the spread of COVID-1
On the other hand, the MLA of Nongkrem congratulated the people of the area for standing up against the Assam government.
The target enrollment this year is 710982 students and so far the program has reached 706515 students.
The Seng would also like to clarify that in fact the Government of Meghalaya in August 2016 had already canceled the lease of 422 hectares of land to UCIL for Uranium Mining and Pre-uranium Mining Activities. which the government has granted since the 24
The President of the UHM said that today they went to Sabuda village but the police from Meghalaya did not allow them and arrested them at Mawlasnai village. was arrested by the Assam police.
During the meeting, they also discussed the issue of schools in the area, where many of the schools have been destroyed and the school buildings have been flooded during the rainy season.
Sahsniang PHC was awarded the Top Performing PHC Award for the implementation of the Megha Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) and Ayushman Bharat Pradhan Minister. Public Health Scheme) (AB PM- JAY).
The highlights of this announcement are, The possibility of working from home has been extended after consultation with those involved in these activities.
The KHADC is the authority to oversee the trade in many areas in Meghalaya.
Shillong, July 14: The National Youth Day was celebrated on 12th July 2018 at School Basic Smit with a lecture on the role and rights of youth in society and women's rights. Meghalaya was the Chief Guest on this occasion.
At this meeting, it was decided that in the coming years to select the people to participate in such festivals, there should be a committee to select the people and the Chief Secretary of the state should be the chairman. his committees.
Speaking to reporters, he said that the government has decided not to continue the curfew in Shillong.
The new building was launched in 2015 to commemorate the 376 soldiers who gave their lives for the country.
The survey was conducted by the Wives of Air Force Personnel and mothers from the civilian population.
Meghalaya is one of the states in India that has its own Early Childhood Development Mission, which was launched in 2021, which aims to ensure that children receive proper care, food and drink and all the necessities while they are at this age.
On the 7th of November, the cheetahs returned to India.
According to the market in Bangladesh, these cows have cost up to 11 lakh tyngka and for this reason the smugglers are not willing to take any means to smuggle cows to Bangladesh.
If the police arrest students, why don't they have the power to arrest DR Mukul Sangma who has been accused of involvement with the insurgents because this is not the government of Mukul Sangma, this is the government of the people.
Meghalaya has built 28 CHCs, 108 PHCs and 611 Sub Centres, but due to the lack of doctors and ANMs or nurses, the hospitals of Meghalaya have been closed. government has not worked as expected.
The Chief Guest of the program was Dr Jemino Mawthoh, who played a major role in making this program a success for the students who have passed class VIII and above.
Clubs that qualify for the league will receive Rs 1 lakh.
The world will listen carefully to you.
The Minister inaugurated the program in the presence of the Minister of State in charge of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, Vice Chancellor of NEHU SK Srivastava, officers. the State Government and the principals of various schools in the state.
Police on receiving a tip raised a house in Lumsophoh and seized 24 bags of heroin.
Shillong, July 18: The body of Bah Robino Kynter, who was found dead in a landslide on Tuesday, has been found at Kenmynsaw village. .
The new office bearers were appointed by Samla SS Niangti CEC Member in the presence of Samla Cherity Suja, General Secretary of KSU Laskein Circle. and many others.
Mission LIFE aims to have an inclusive world, where human wealth does not affect the lives of animals and plants where humans live together with plants and animals.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club on Tuesday, President of the Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSSASA) Aristotle C.Rymbai said, “We have met with the State Project Director of Samagra Shiksha. Swapnil Tembe, Director of School Education and Literacy (SEL), to propose to the Government to fill the vacant posts in SSA schools in Lower Primary and Upper Primary Schools which have been vacant since The year 2021 is still three years old.
BJP sources said that the General Secretary of the BJP is in charge of the organization of the party in India. He met with the party office bearers on how to move forward in the upcoming elections in Meghalaya.
Furthermore, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh also congratulated the Sordar of Tanglei, all the Members of the Executive Committee of the Village and the residents of Kyllum Village. He also urged the residents of the village that this spirit of cooperation for the needs of the community and the village as a whole should not end at this time but will continue. We long for and desire change in all aspects.
The Meghalaya government has stepped up patrols on the border with Assam following the shooting of civilians on the day of Diwali at Gendabari village. on the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: Police in Jaintia Hills District have seized 5,5000 tyngka from Chila Shylla of Kholiehtyrshi.
“The East Khasi Hills Police Department has announced a reward of T.1,00,000 lakh to anyone who can provide detailed information for the arrest of anyone involved. in this work of violence and robbery.
When asked, Momin said, “we don’t know (when they will announce the name of the candidate) but the third list will be out soon.
The JSU also informs the public that these people cannot call these phone numbers and the public cannot complain to the nearest Police Station and the police will take action against them. search for these robbers.
These jobs include the construction of the Super Market Complex, Polo and the construction of the State Bank of India Office, Polo.
The amendment to the Meghalaya Building Bye Law 2021 which allows the state to also receive a scheme from the Central Government known as Special Assistance for Schemes in Urban Areas which the Central Government has allocated Tk. .15000 crore will be spent on this change.
This attitude of the people should be removed from their feelings.
She had the opportunity to participate in Operation Rakshak from 1994 to 1996 and between 2005 and
At the same time, Myntri Langstieh said that the dorbar has also decided not to allow the jhur vendors to sell in the market before 2 pm so as not to affect the agricultural products.
He said that the government will do whatever the people want in terms of development and as the party has said in its election promises, the government will try to fulfill its promises. .
Shillong, Lber 01: The people of Meghalaya tomorrow will hear the decision on the election of their leaders to the Legislative Assembly.
The opening of this warehouse today is one of those ways to help develop and empower the mothers with their cooperation and support as their MLA, who The opening ceremony was held today at Lumsohping.
He said, "This is why they say this is the role of inspectors".
Sting counting is a great enemy of the poor residents.
They like good stuff, they got used to these.
He said a committee headed by a retired Supreme Court judge is considering these issues and the government will soon implement the data protection law.
The letter has been sent to the Secretary PWD Department of Meghalaya. The state government has requested the fund from the central government in 2021 to improve the road and the road. The request is T.50 crore and the Central Government has agreed to provide T.43.70 crore.
Shillong, November 18: Shillong Lajong FC won their first I-League match of the season against Aizwal FC at the Rajiv Gandhi Stadium in Aizawl.
Shillong, July 14: The BSF today conducted a relief operation with various items to help the people of Um Kiang area.
He added that this protest is only to send a clear statement to the State Government regarding the Government's non-release of scholarships to the students.
Funding groups interested in this recognition for their institutions can apply online.
PN Syiem said that the Deputy Chairman of the dorbar, Pyniaid Sing Syiem, who conducted the dorbar, said that the chairman does not have that authority as a leader. He told him that the dorbar should be conducted smoothly not by his own will but he just listened to the opinion of no one else. He listened and didn't allow their words and when they asked him to count the number of members from the opposition and from the building side, he didn't listen but went ahead.
Pa'iem Ainam, who was the Chief Guest, donated T.25,000 to the Dorbar Shnong Rynjah as a support for the expenses of the cleanliness drive.
The book was launched by Dr. DRL Nonglait, President of the Khasi Authors' Society at the headquarters of KAS, Shillong.
This year, the children are the happiest because there are games that have just been built outside the Raj Bhavan, not just games but physical activities, from children to adults.
In accordance with this nationwide initiative which started on 1st March, NYKSShillong has launched the Clean India Programme in various villages through its Volunteers Youth Club and various groups. state on the date of commencement of this work.
Speaking to reporters while inaugurating the Golden Jubilee of St Peter Secondary School in Laitlyngkot, he said the central government has already allocated funds for the construction of the railway line to Shillong. , has already allocated funds for the Umroi airport but it is difficult to get land.
Humbert Nongtdu (INC) of Rymbai-Khliehriat,
The Work-in-Progress (WIP) Lab showcases 6 ongoing projects and provides experience and guidance to improve these projects. movies.
The President recalled what the Father of the Nation, Mahatma Gandhi, said on the role and duty of doing. If everyone does their duty, the right to get it is not far away, but if we cannot do our duty but we chase the right to get it, it will go far away.
On the same day, a Mini Football Stadium was inaugurated at Dalu; the residence of the chiefs and the village of the people at Chondon Nokat, South West Garo Hills District; The accommodation of the farmers who came for the training in Upper Shillong.
The establishment of the office in the state in 2002 was on this basis and their wish is that this office is the oldest in the NE and should be honored and established in the city. Shillong.
This course is offered by the Indian Institute of Information Technology, Bangalore or University of Merriland, Ph.D.
When the MMDC is to do this work, it has to appoint mine developers in the right manner and these mine development works will do all the work until they get permission to mine and to provide the documents in accordance with all the requirements of the laws and to be paid as contractors.
According to sources, these NEEPCO officials were on their way to Mawphu where they are installing electricity in the Umngi River but during the trip they found this tragic incident. .
RPF Police on 23/12/2021 received a tip that there was a pla inside the train coming from UP. card and T.2.010 tyngka and these items were handed over to the owner.
Regarding the Eastern Bengal Frontier Act, 1873, the civil society groups said that the government is misleading the people to say that the Act has been amended in relation to parts of Garo Hills. .
Through these films, they will express their feelings about Mission LiFE through a short film made within 48 hours.
One person has recovered from the disease in East Khasi Hills District today, bringing the total number of recoveries in the state to
Regarding the salary of teachers, they said that the salary is T.10000 for teachers, T.3500 for Hindi teachers and T.11000 for science teachers. The teachers say that this salary is low and it is difficult for them to support their families.
In his speech, KSU President Daniel Khryriem said that the Lokayukta Act has no authority and if the government does not listen to the voice of the people, don't force it. that if you accept the right to protest.
Shillong, July 12: The Government of Meghalaya today announced the villages under the Mawphlang Community and Rural Development Block. This was announced by the Under Secretary to the State Government in charge of Rural Development.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, West Jaintia Hills District, said that no casualties were reported in the earthquake.
New Delhi, March 01: At the dawn of a new era in technology, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today inaugurated the 5G services at Pragati Maidan, New Delhi.
The new arrangement also proposes to change the grading system of Judicial Officers as per the directive of the Supreme Court,” she said.
After this, there was a second part where the students of the First Semester were welcomed as part of the introduction to the audience.
During the inspection, the Union found that there are only a few toilets and garbage dumps in the schools that are adequate and clean, which do not pose a threat to the health of the students.
“Children from the rural areas are showing their strength in sports now.
Shillong, Lber 24: The KSU Delhi Unit on 23rd October 2023 congratulated Bah Risingbor Kurkalang on receiving the Padmashree Award from the President of India. when Civil Investiture Ceremony.
The video was released by the Chairman of the A'chik Peace Volunteers Council (APVC), Che Guevera Marak.
According to reports, in 20015, North Korean Defense Minister Hyon Yong-chol was shot dead in front of 100 people by an airplane because he fell asleep while meeting with the UN Security Council. Kim Jong-un.
The government has to look after the environment and at the same time the government will talk to the central government and other authorities in charge of this issue. , said Conrad.
Speaking on the occasion, KN Kumar, Additional Chief Secretary to the State Government in charge of Agriculture, said that it is important to have such a training to get detailed information and it will also be the benefit to the Ministry of Agriculture to know about the implementation of the schemes.
The KSU Umsning circle has taken this step after finding out that there are 260 machines in the area under the jurisdiction of the SBI Umsning branch. villages and the vast majority of the population.
It is believed that all the Shnongs, Raids and Himas have already read these detailed building rules which are more than 100 pages long.
The bus (ML05K-9928) was driven by a Sawkmie resident. When the bus reached Mawjynbuin, it collided with a 12 meter high road.
In his greeting, the President said, “We celebrate the Teachers' Day as a sign of the birth anniversary of the teacher, intellectual and former President of India, Dr. Sarvepalli. Radhakrishnan.
Shillong, July 20: U MP of Meghalaya in the Rajya Sabha, Dr WR Kharlukhi today lodged a complaint against a Youtuber for allegedly using The MP has been involved in corruption in connection with the implementation of the MP scheme.
Speaking to media after it was confirmed that Balajied has won the mid-term elections, Synrem said that this victory will ensure that his son will complete the remaining tasks. which the father left behind.
Jubeses Das, brother of Bisses, told SP News Agency that he was on his way to the market to buy jhur. there are two who do this work.
“I also urge the parents whether they are from any village to join in the spirit of concern in such a situation and as a nation we will ensure that there is such a law that can prevent the “It's a good idea to have a smuggled entry of foreign and domestic authorities,” said Fredrick Kharmawphlang.
This platform was not built for this meeting, but it was built for the purpose of holding a fair market at this place next month but due to the rainfall while the The meeting was ongoing and due to the weight of the meeting, the meeting was held.
The silver medal winners were Ebatstar Syiem from Jaiaw, Khrawbok Marwein from Mawlai Iewrynghep, Rosina Mukhim from Jatah Lakadong and Babit Kharsahnoh from Smit. , Edward Mawthoh from Kharmalki, Malki and Elbring Umbah from Mawtari, Ri Bhoi.
Those who wish to complain can call 8575837496, Fax 2590056 and land line
On the other hand, the CAG said that it is surprising to see that many of the PMGSY schemes which have been implemented for more than 40 years in Meghalaya have not been completed.
“I cannot say whether it (RR Colony) falls under the jurisdiction of the Rynjah Dorbar Shnong.
Shillong, November 10: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Nangbah Unit today led by its President Samla Morningstar Pasi and Organizing Secretary Samla Sundayborn Thubru today met with the SE of PWD Road Jowai Circle to urge the government to Repair of J.N.K.K road which has
Shillong, Nailur 21: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya today said that the government has decided to start opening 14 Industrial Training Institutes. " in the state on Friday in accordance with the rules and regulations laid down by the government.
It was also decided to demand from all the State Legislative Assemblies of all the North Eastern States to demand from the Government of India to implement the UNDPRIP which is the UN Convention on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples NEFIP General Secretary Robertjune Kharjahrin said in a statement sent today.
Other speakers on the occasion were Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills S Goyal who is also Chairman of the District Health Society.
If anyone violates the rules, the shops will be closed.
Animals Husbandry and  Veterinary, Housing, Labour, Parliamentary Affair,  Public Work department Road, Food Civil Supply and Consumer Affair, Cooperation Department.
On the allegations that there have been incidents of violence against vehicles, he said he would take action and ensure that there will be no violence against vehicles.
In another incident, suspected GNLA militants have detonated a hand grenade at the MPRO at Darechekgni in Tura. the worst.
In Wapung Block, one village was severely affected and 2 houses and one church were damaged and 18 people were affected.
In this meeting with the ADG of the BSF in charge of the North East, he praised the BSF for their ability to protect the border. have cooperation with the people on the border.
In a major step to ensure this in the region, Minister Duh will launch the GrihPraveshna program for those who benefit from the Pradhan Minister Awas Scheme, Urban and Pradhan Minister Awas Scheme Rural.
Many of the speakers spoke about the opportunities available in homeopathy that can be incorporated into the prevention of COVID 19 and highlighted the facts about the use of adjuvant homeopathy along with the treatment of patients. COVID.Shillong, Iaiong 11: Traders from different villages and townships today arrived at the parking lot at Iewduh during the opening of the market today to buy jhur and take it to the villages. which they housed the village shops.
There has also been a mistake in the use of fertilizers without following the instructions and this has affected the soil. better training and how to do in this regard.
On Twitter, Chief Superintendent of Police Dr. LR Bishnoi said that he is deeply saddened by the lack of convictions of the perpetrators.
Shillong, June 13: The Ministry of AYUSH, Shillong, today celebrated the World Homeopathy Day 2019, which is also the 264th birth anniversary of Dr. Christian Friedrich Samuel Hahnemann, the founder of Homeopathy.
From Mawthadraishan MLA constituency, NS Marwein, RW Syiem, Lospingland Pariong, Phailandar Nonglait, S. Wahlang, Ionis Lyngdah, Espar Hujon, Ovarin Nongsiej and George Rapsang.
It is prohibited for the public to carry any weapons of mass destruction in public places.
On this occasion, the BSF distributed necessary equipment to the residents of Betgora, Khaikona, Purnanagar and Badrup villages. students.
Sanmit said that after the opportunity to enter the Doctorate program on behalf of the state government, the union has urged the government to do so. check carefully the documents of the elders, especially the syrnot of the villagers.
He said that the JAC cannot accept the requests of NHIDCL and therefore they have given time to NHIDCL within 20 days to do something on this road and if NHIDCL cannot The JAC has not hesitated to file a PIL in the Meghalaya High Court. He said that the deterioration of this road has affected the people in the Meghalaya High Court. They have increased their prices and the number of students has affected them especially during the rainy season.
The purpose of the meeting was to announce the contribution of this Rangbah to the Seng in many ways and the meeting held a temporary silence as a sign of gratitude. to honor this Rangbah and to pray for his soul.
Shillong, Naieng 13: The Meghalaya Right to Information (MRTI) has demanded that the government should amend the Meghalaya Lokayukta and the Up-Lokayukta Act,
The Commissioner of Transport, Bah IW Ingty also informed about the services provided by the DTO office including the registration of vehicles registered in the district, the provision of vehicles registered in the district. and renewal of licences, permits, various certificates, collection of revenue, implementation of various laws and regulations and so on.
Also as a friend to avoid any tragic incidents in the future and especially to avoid the racial differences between the Khasi and Garo.
PM hosts a delegation of Women Students from Nagaland, at his residence in Lok Kalyan Marg, in New Delhi on June 09, 2022.
When Union Minister Dharmendra Pradhan arrived at the gate of NEHU, members of the KSU who were waiting at the NEHU carried placards demanding that the Union Government should implement the NEHU. The ILP is in the state of Meghalaya.
The HYC Maweit Circle has convened an Executive Committee to discuss the government's neglect of the Maweit area in all aspects especially in relation to the deterioration of the Nongstoin-Maweit road. Meeting today 12-04-2019 at Dorbar Hall Maweit and took a strong decision to inform the Government of Meghalaya by holding a Rally from Maweit to Nongstoin on .
Secretary, Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade (DPIIT), Anurag Jain, Secretary, Commerce, Sunil Barthwal, Secretary, Textiles, Rachna Shah, Special Secretary, DPIIT, Sumita Dawra, Special Secretary and Financial Advisor, DPIIT, Shahank Priya and other officers from various departments attended the meeting.
The team has been investigating since the ban on coal mining. The incidents after the ban on coal mining include the death of a man in Mukhep and the killing of Poipynhun Mawjaw, one of the volunteers.
Rangbah Shnong Mawlai Mawtawar Bah IR Kharsyndon expressed his gratitude to the BDO for his hard work and also to the Chairman of VEC Lummawsing, AEC Mawtawar, Bah B Lyngdoh, JE Mylliem Block and others who have worked hard. involved in the construction of this Hall for the benefit of the whole village.
Speaking on relations with China on the border dispute, he said that talks between the two countries are ongoing to resolve the issue.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has not taken into consideration the suggestions of the Seng regarding the improvement of solar panels and or the installation of Generator Machine as recommended by the Seng. a few weeks ago.
Meghalaya Government officials who attended the ceremony included Urban Affairs Minister Amapareen Lyngdoh, PWD Minister Sgewbhalang Dhar, Parliamentary Secretary Ngaitlang Dhar and other government officials. in West Jaintia Hills District.
Speaking at the meeting, the Prime Minister expressed his gratitude to be present in Assam today through the blessings of MaaKamakhya to inaugurate and lay the foundation stone of projects worth T.11,000 crore.
The Freedom Run programs to showcase culture in various places, the dissemination of information on encouraging people to participate in this program and also the holding of small Freedom Runs in rural areas.
Union Minister for Defense and Cooperation Amit Shah said this is a special milestone in history.
There were 80 participants from all over India, 32 women from Thiruvarambu, Kanyakumari, Tamil Nadu and Kuriyanoor from Kerala.
Therefore, the union demands that the DC office should inform the court.
Through this statement, the SWSEJHD has sent a clear message to the State Government within two months from the date of publication of this statement that the State Government should repair these roads. .
Chyne said the central government through the 15th Finance Commission has allocated T.192 crore to the KHADC and out of this it has released T.91 crore in the first phase and the state government has released T.192 crore. The government has allocated T.20 crore from the tide scheme.
During the march, Bah Kasperlin Iawphngiaw and some of the Covid 19 workers had the opportunity to meet with the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma.
There are 184 cases of COVID-19 in Meghalaya today, 91 cases from East Khasi Hills and 62 cases from West Khasi Hills. .
Representatives of various companies and groups working in the fields of M&E and AVGC-XR participated in the workshop and gave their views on the development of these fields in the country.
Martamlin said that he has joined the party and will remain in the party until the day he breathes his last. newspaper.
This initiative of the Mawpran unit will be a lesson and an example to other villages to work hard and serve the people in times of need.
The equipment distributed by the BSF is very expensive and the state government is also finding it difficult to help the people. The equipment distributed is Power Tiller, Tulu Pump, Wooden Chairs, Water storage tanks. , Dual desk bench ,Godrej Almirah, Water Filters ,Footballs (including Football shoes and dresses, Volleyball sets)
When asked about the Blueprint improved by the State Government at the meeting, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said, “The current office of the Shillong Municipal Board covers an area of ​​2.14 acres.
I request you to also pay the tree planting allocation given to the State in the past three years through the agreement signed by the ANVC and ANVC-B as the Forest Department of GHADC has been allocated, not to the state.
The Gram Swaraj Abhiyan has been launched in 117 Aspirational Districts where there are still shortages despite the fact that the country has been independent for more than 70 years.
Shillong, November 05: Police of West Garo Hills District today on receiving a tip that there are drug traffickers in Garobadha area have arrested One Maruti car with the number plate AS-01-AK-6
“Why do I say that we cannot accept to resolve the border issue, this is no longer the responsibility of the state government but the responsibility of the two countries, between the government of India and the government of Bangladesh. which has already adopted this border agreement between these countries by the two Houses of Parliament"
Regarding those who say that the ILP has nothing to do with the District Councils, the Land Transfer Act, Kharjahrim sent a message to those people by saying that they still lack knowledge and vision. don't explain wisely and be quick to discuss with them on this matter.
In this meeting, the Minister said that the contract with GVK Company will expire in 2021, but when these problems arise, the government has given 60 days to the company to complete the contract. will answer.
The Congress party has decided not to contest the Deputy Speaker election scheduled for the 21st of this month.
He said that there is a need to include this section as one of the studies.
: The HiTO on Tuesday sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, SC Sadhu to reject the permission of the Meghalaya Linguistic Minority Forum (MLMDF) The protest was held at Khyndai Lad, Shillong.
Referring to many other questions, Justice Mahesh said that it would be good if someone sent a letter to the commission so that the commission can talk to the state governments on those letters. If there is a violation of human rights, appeal to the Commission.
On the other hand, the KHDA has 17 MDCs who have worked together and all 17 MDCs have come to cast their votes for the ruling party candidate while the opposition party has 12 MDCs. There were 10 PDA groups who came to file but two of them have died.
Speaking to media, HYC President Bah Roykupar Synrem said that after receiving a complaint that there are drug users who are addicted to drugs, the HYC immediately decided to go and catch them and warn them by sending them away.
How many children will learn more about agriculture or traditional occupations if they are taught to be literate and literate in various fields of knowledge.
The race was flagged off by Bah G.Reenborn, President of KJWA Shillong. The race started from the school grounds in the morning and the race was 6 kms for the children and 10 kms for the seniors. in the age groups 6 – 9, 10 – 13, 14 – 17 and 18 years and above for boys and girls as well.
DD Sangma, who is Additional Secretary to the Ministry of Mining and Geology, Health and Family Welfare and the Chief Minister's Secretariat, will also serve as the Commissioner of Transport.
What the British divided in 1890 through the divide and rule policy was to try to rebuild, in fact.
He applauded the State’s initiative promoting innovative practices in public service delivery.
Meghalaya and other parts of India are currently in crisis and distrust of political parties. This attempt not to include political parties under this Act will destroy the status of political parties. world in Ri.
In particular, the KSU Laskein Circle urges the Khasi Pnar MLAs to unite for the bringing of Block 1 & 2 into Meghalaya and other benefits to the Khasi Pnar people.
Introducing the Bill in the KHADC, Titosstarwell said that in India as a whole there are Panchayats but in Meghalaya because there are foreign prices, the Act will work because of the Panchayat. long that you have to keep the customs and traditions.
Shillong, Iaiong 21: The passing away of Bah J.Dringwell Rymbai, former Chief Minister of Meghalaya today has brought sadness to the state of Meghalaya. great loss.
It is said that at the time of Jah, this child, who was 5 feet tall, had a blue hair, a bright appearance, and a star on his left eye.
The BJP has been blaming the Chief Minister and the Cabinet for the doctoral studies. they should not hire.
Once the union has received all the information, it will take it to the government to discuss these ways and means how to help the farmers of the state.
The mock drill was conducted by the police today to ensure that if there is any violence on the part of the insurgents, the police are ready to fight against them.
New Delhi February 01: To promote the Digital Economy and curb corruption, Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today presented the Budget in Parliament. He said the government has decided not to allow the payment of more than 3 lakh tyngka.
Speaking to reporters after being welcomed by the NPP, Martin M Danggo said that since he first won the PDM as MLA of Langrin in that election, His goal was to establish a Civil Sub Division.
Speaking on the occasion, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, congratulated the Mawkhar Church and received a souvenir of 30 tyngka from the Senior Christian Society. Christian Society 5tyngka has been established for 125 years.
The BSF troops have difficulty in moving from one side to the other because there is no bridge over the river.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District today issued a notice that all schools and colleges in the district will be closed due to the storm in the next 24 hours. This will be held on 25/10/2
Regarding those who sell in the squares, Bah Titostarwell Chyne said that the council does not have the authority, but it is the district authorities to look after those vendors.
Meanwhile, Saphai said that a Public Hearing has been held in the village and the residents have accepted and approved the construction of the Entry and Exit Point, but what remains is the arrangement. bad landlords.
Within Bakhlapara GS Circle: Bakhlapara, Jimbrigoan, Lyngkhung, Hawla and Patgaon.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: Former Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Martin M Danggo on Tuesday said that since the day he left the NPP party, he has not joined any party.
Since its launch on 15th November, 2023, Prime Minister Duh has from time to time held talks with the beneficiaries of the Viksit Bharat SankalpYatra from across the country.
Shillong, Naitung 26: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has congratulated the CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) for speaking before the NOC for the two lane road from Nongstoin to Mawthabah.
The President of India, Droupadi Murmu on Tuesday presented awards to teachers from across the country at a function held at Vigyan Bhavan, New Delhi on the occasion of Teachers' Day.
The abduction of this young man, who is the only follower of the JCB of Bah Kynsai Dkhar, has happened since the 27th of last month and no trace has been found yet.
He also said that in this recruitment process, the recruitment process will be implemented in a clean manner so that there will be a cleanliness in the recruitment process.
However, the number of IITs, IIMs and AIIMs has now spread across the country and the number of medical colleges in Assam has increased from 6 to
He said that the office has sent to complete the work within 45 days but the work has been completed since June, 2020 before the lockdown and till now they have not received the money.
Khongwir said that an independent investigation should be conducted and those involved should be brought to justice according to the law because in public administration such incidents are unacceptable in the country. Sometimes valid.
Other office bearers of the party are Victor Lyngdoh and Silvestar Masharing as Vice President, Joyfulson Tamung as General Secretary and Justin Kharbuki as Assistant Secretary. and other office bearers of the organization are elected together.
Vice President of India Jagdeep Dhankhar in his Christmas greetings said that Jesus showed the path of love, compassion and kindness and this is to bring peace and harmony in society. stay together to bring lasting peace to this earth.
This is the fourth visit of Rajeev Chandrasekhar to the North East as Union Minister.
Shillong, Nailur 27: Bangladesh Border Guard (BGB) troops today stopped a survey team from searching the Indian border crossing at Tamabil, West Jaintia Hills District.
The Disturbed Areas Notification has been in force since 1990 throughout Assam.
They said that the Chief Minister has not yet said anything regarding their protest and they expect the Chief Minister to take action against the GHADC. the salary of the workers.
Speaking on the value of the Nokma in the society, the Chief Minister said that in order to develop the state, there should be a working group within the state so that the leaders can work together. and the people and at the same time to teach the people to understand the rule of law.
This promise of the CEM is very pleasant but the Seng Bhalang has also expressed to him that he should keep what he has promised because if he does not implement, the Seng Bhalang can take another path. a path that can lead to violent protests too.
On the other hand, the union said that if the government can provide commercial vehicles in Shillong, it should also provide vehicles for the rural people especially in Nongstoin.
This can only be the beginning of a great process in which many more such recognitions will be made.
In the Sohra Icon season 2, the B.Boys rapper won the prize of 10,000 tyngka.
The HYC has already sent a letter to the Shillong Municipal Board and the Shillong Cantonment Board to remove these people but till today they have not done anything. ei, it is on this basis that they are going to demolish the illegal houses in this area.
He said the director has been directed to convene an emergency meeting of the doctors to arrange for their household chores.
It is also urgent to get clarification from the Dorbar Hima Mylliem on the rules for building houses, markets and villages.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The Khasi Jaintia Welfare Association (KJWA) today announced that the State Consumer Helpline Meghalaya has been launched in the state from today. They can call 1800-345-3687 to complain about their problems in the purchase of pets, said Bah G Reenbohn president.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: The Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union (MAWU) today after holding an EC meeting decided to cancel the strike scheduled to be held in front of the Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union (MAWU). Main Secretariat Shillong on the 27th of this month.
Shillong, Nailar 28: A meeting of officers will be convened to discuss the matter, said the EM of KHADC. Shillong, Nailar 28: U Union Minister of State for Social Justice and Empowerment, Ramdas Athawale today inaugurated the Incubation Center at NEHU, Shillong in the presence of the Minister of State for Social Justice and Empowerment. AL Hek and Vice-Chancellor of NEHU Prof SK Srivastava.
“During the protest at Jantar Mantar, New Delhi, we also met with the officials of the Ministry of Home Affairs and they promised to look into the three demands of HANM. to inform the Government of India,” said Bah Kharbani.
This is a step between the state and central governments.
The most important part of the Lehniam began in the afternoon at Aitnar- the holy pool.
Mawri said that the EC in JHADC which includes the UDP and NPP has not included the three BJP MDCs even though they are in the MDA government. The state, this behavior of these two parties is unacceptable.
All village shops must close on or before 3 pm.
In an interview with one of the world's leading Olympic silver and Commonwealth Games gold medalist Robert Kabbas who is also a teacher and inspirer of the Meghalaya Elite Pathway program “The management of the 5Meghalaya Games is very good.
Tura, Naitung 24: The Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) today criticized the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC)'s plan to introduce a customary law bill. The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma.
The KSU in a petition submitted to the Vice Chancellor of NEHU today said that there is a shortage of teachers in the university and urged the VC to complete the training. these seats are vacant because it affects the students.
Jowai, November 16: U Dr Azad Zaman MLA of Rajabala today visited the site of the collapse of a coal mine at Lumthari in East Jaintia Hills District where 13 people were allowed to enter the mine. coal.
Regarding the complaints of the people regarding the problems they are facing in the field of food items and others especially after the announcement of the 21 day curfew by the Prime Minister and the imposition of the dam by the state government, u bah Metbah urged the MLAs to look after their respective constituencies especially to ensure that the people do not face any problems.
The Cabinet today has decided to set aside T.10 crore for the Food and Civil Supplies Department. by the central government and 10% by the state government.
At the same time, he urged the parents, the Government and the Dorbar Shnongs to take steps to curb the spread of drug users and dealers in the state.
Recently, Dr-MuKul said that the states that have ILP cannot control the INFLUX. He said that they fail, but we are happy to say that if those states fail, our state will also fail. "IF 1 ONE OF THE STUDENTS IN ONE CLASS OF PHlM FAIL, it can be said that ALL OF THE PEOPLE FAIL. Similarly, in our state, if the government itself has the will, we will see that the ILP in the state is complete.
Shillong, July 27: Heavy rainfall which started since the morning of Tuesday morning has caused heavy flooding in Four villages have been affected, Hat Mawdon, Telsora, Ryngku and Patakat.
He urged all political parties, civil society organizations and the private sector to come forward to help fight against this disease so that the goal of eradicating this disease can be achieved. in Ri.
The PWD department has invited a tender for the construction of this road on 2/06/2023, but the tender has been canceled on 7/06/2023 within three days of the construction of the road. tender.
Speaking to media, HANM Vice President Tyllang Thongni said that the party strongly condemns the remarks of CEM Karbi Anlong and demands that the Meghalaya government should take action against him. The CEM's remarks have insulted and disgraced the people and the state of Meghalaya as a whole.
The State Bank does not have a name and experienced staff. He said that in the North East there are many areas to improve the work in collaboration with the state governments. The Meghalaya government will provide support to ensure that rural villages also have banks, he said.
Naba Bhattacharjee, Vice President of the Central Puja Committee, said that all the puja activities in Meghalaya have gone smoothly and all this is due to the support of the villagers.
In this match, the judges decided to win 5-2
Shillong, March 27: The 2nd Round of the Inter KUR 27th October 2016 has started at 10 pm today.
Shillong, Nailur 10: I Love You and Rames along with four other prisoners have escaped from District Jail Jowai at around 10 pm today.
The festival will be held for two days on the 14th and 15th of this month.
Nongstoin Police Station said they have taken the driver of the vehicle for examination and the names of the two injured are pending. claim of injury.
The Union has also decided to withdraw from the membership of the Union of Village Authorities of Bri U Hynniewtrep (SKNSBH) until the full office bearers are appointed and those who have received the approval from the Dorbar Shnongs of they.
In the complaint, a thorough investigation was sent to find out the root cause of the stock of food items so that those who dare to take advantage of this time of bad weather will be punished severely by the law enforcement authorities.
“If the people like the working methods of the party, they can become members of the party but they must be good and clean people,” said Payieng.
On the other hand, the EJNC-SC leaders said that they will convene a special meeting to discuss the issue.
On receiving a tip, the troops and police conducted a search operation and at around 23rd November 2022, they recovered the vehicle and seized the drugs. Methamphetamine tablets 5,05,000 tablets.
Once again, the Chief Guest congratulated the leaders of Thangsning Cricket Club for their hard work in organizing this 1Open Cricket Tournament 2017 which was a success even though it was the first time.
KHNAM said that they have written to the government many times but the government has not yet responded to this letter. KHNAM wanted to know what the government has done on this.
Speaking to reporters, Sangma said the war would not produce any results.
The North East Frontier Railways' increasing efforts to build a railway line in Ri Khasi have angered many churches.
The Search and Rescue Team on Thursday recovered the body of a man believed to be 25-30 years old from Thup Thup Valley, near Wei-Mynsier. It is located in Eastern West Khasi Hills District.
Inspector General of Police (Operations) GHP Raju said the state police had received information that the GNLA leader was in Bangalore.
It has been handed over to the Ministry of Education to arrange the dates of the examination.
The site of the construction of the house falls under Riad Marwet, Khanapara. The investigation is not only against the company which built the house but also against the company. to the officers.
There, the United Khasi Hills District was established to provide for the Khadar system.
In this incident, the robbers also attacked Rida Salahe and the mother was injured in the incident.
The HFU urges the Minister to declare 2019 as the Year of Farmers.
Besides, New Delhi has its own reasons for delaying the ILP. However, by implementing the ILP in the two District Councils (KHADC and JHADC), one remains because there has been a repealing Act 1897) will come later, and it will not be possible to abolish the (GHADC) if the KHADC and JHADC have been established.
Shillong, July 18: The BSF has seized 1348 cows in the past 15 days of this month and the value of these cows has reached Rs. to T.2.20 crore.
Shillong, July 11: BSF troops on patrol on the border with Bangladesh today arrested smugglers from East Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: There are 26 new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 11 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 4 cases in North Garo Hills and 3 cases in North Garo Hills. who have been tested in other districts as well.
From this, the police confirm that these people have hands and if they don't have hands they will leave the house and how parents cannot complain when their children are not at home.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: BSF troops have seized a large quantity of Phensdyle worth T.13.34 lakh from Tiewka in Nongjri area.
Other initiatives such as the Atal Innovation Mission and Digital India, focus on promoting innovation and the introduction of digital resources and an enabling environment for startups.
As part of the commemoration of this National Freedom Fighter.
The union will provide the vehicles as they wish.
The EMs who attended the meeting were Deputy CEM, Titostarwell Chyne and KHADC offices in the presence of Robert J Kharjahrin, Chairman of the Executive Committee.
He said that in a state with 60 MLAs and only 12 government ministers, it is necessary to work together.
The Government has not completed the awareness programs and does not have the cooperation with the Dorbar Shnongs because as we know the Government has not recognized the Dorbar Shnongs for more than a year, but it is in a hurry to complete these projects. even after the decision and clarification of the Supreme Court that Aadhar is not compulsory for anyone.
The committee was set up to review the current reservation policy in Meghalaya.
“I would also like to remind the Minister of Health and Family Welfare that the State Government has paid us a fixed honorarium of T.2,000 after the abolition of the ABF/MBBS, which has not been cleared for many years. many years," she added.
The Minister of Home Affairs said that he is sorry that he cannot speak alone without the authority given by the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Central Government. peace talks if the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Central Government does not accept.
This meeting is a follow-up to the meeting held on 10th June 2024 in Shillong, Meghalaya between His Excellency Dr. Thierry Mathou, Ambassador of France to India in the presence of Consul General Mr. Didier Talpain. The Chief Secretary, Bah DP Wahlang, Dr. Vijay Kumar D, IAS, Commissioner, Planning, Agriculture, Sports etc. and the Working President of MSOA were also present. Sports.
U Bah Synrem said that these drug users who use this garbage dump as their camp where visitors and especially school children get to inject thyrnia. of these people.
Shillong, July 12: In preparation for the arrival of the President of India to Shillong on the 16th of this month, the office of the Governor of Meghalaya Raj Bahvan Shillong has made preparations to welcome the President of India. President.
On the other hand, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne MDC of the constituency who is also the CEM of KHADC, said that the loss of the MCCL is due to the mismanagement of the MCCL in the past.
During the meeting, Ravi Gandhi ADG of BSF promised to have close cooperation with the state governments and also with the people of the border areas.
Two persons have been arrested, L Marak and P Marak. From these two persons, a mobile phone has been stolen and the name of Pangseng has been found. members of the ANVC(B).
According to a letter received by the SP News Agency, Mawkyrwat Division has received T.82.1970 lakh for the year 2012-2 T.85 lakh for the construction of the road from Mawkyrwat to Pyngdengsakwang and T.85 lakh for the construction of the road from Nongshillong to Mawthong.
However, the Raid and the three kurs and one kur have already given this land.
After a thorough discussion, the Dorbar authorized him on behalf of Bah John F Kharshiing, the Dorbar of Chiefs of Khasi Hills and the Federation of Khasi States to arrange a meeting with Bah Pynsngainlang N Syiem. , MLA & MDC, CEM, Bah L Blah, MDC, EM I/C District, KHADC, on 15th July 2013 at
It is to be recalled that Bah Kitdor Syiem was an MLA from Mairang Constituency and a Cabinet Minister in the state government from the Congress party. When we look at the behavior of the Congress party at this time, it is no longer like the Congress party in the past.
On the other hand, the SP of West Garo Hills, Mukesh Kumar Singh, said that police have received a tip-off and have raided the area and arrested the suspects. He was arrested with the help of the people of Purakhasia.
Charles said that many of the roads in the Mawhati area have been badly damaged and have turned into fish ponds and this has affected not only the passengers but also the owners of vehicles.
These include foreigners who sit in shops and those who sell along the streets.
Leaders of HYC Nongthliew Circle, Secretary Senglongkmie Diengïei, Elders, Vice President of the Union of Village Authorities of HYC Nongthliew Circle and members of HYC Nongthliew Circle. ,Prayer by Samla Over Mawlong, short speech and encouraging speech by the Vice President of the Union of Village Authorities of Diengïei Pyllun Bah Wanlambok Nonhrum.
Shillong, July 20: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) on Tuesday said that the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) should disclose the names of its members who have been illegally registered. to be subject to various provisions of law whether in various courts within the State.
Shillong, March 02: U Sagar Thakuri, 24, resident of Nongmensong, Shillong, has died after his bike collided with another bike. Another injured was identified as Amrit Dev Verma, 23, who works at the Tranquil Inn Guest House at Lum Shyiap, Pdeng Village.
“We investigated with the cooperation of the youth and women's organizations and after that we handed over to the police and they did their duty.
The road connects the villages of Siju and Baghmara which is the capital of South Garo Hills District.
With this visit of Bah Thangkhiew, the Chief Minister hopes that other members of the party who are still in Bangladesh will come forward to follow in the footsteps of Bah Thangkhiew.
Meker Suting scored the first goal in the 14th minute while in the 32nd minute the Police department scored the first goal. In the second half, PHE beat PHE by 2 goals to score the first goal of the match.
Shillong, March 22: The people of Shillong have flocked from one pandal to another to watch the Durga Puja ceremony according to their faith.
The Supreme Court has accepted the bill, but the Supreme Court has not yet approved the bill.
To preserve the forests of the state which provide many benefits to the villagers of the state to be sold to the military departments which can cause many problems and disruption to their livelihood. Villagers and neighboring Villages.
There are some misunderstandings but we will have to clear those up," he added.
There are also complaints from other parts of Garo Hills and I request the distributors in the districts not to demand money from the beneficiaries.
Earlier, the Executive Committee had received from many villages that they wanted to join the constituencies which are easier to travel.
Through this small step, the KSU hopes that one day the drop out rate of education in the Jaidbynriew will be reduced.
The CEM receives T.5000/- per month, the Deputy CEM, Chairman and Leader of the Opposition receive T.4500/- per month. per month, while the Executive Member and Deputy Chairman receive T.3500/- per month.
This GD / PI session was held for the youth who wish to learn more and improve their education for their future.
“My appeal to the people is to be farsighted and vote for the BJP. It will be a blessing if the party gives ticket to Kong Fenella and if she wins “It will bring milk and honey to the State, it will bring many development projects to create employment opportunities for the people of the State,” he said.
He said that the allocation of funds in recent years has been to improve and upgrade government LP and UP schools, and higher education.
Regarding the recruitment of students as members of the Academic Council (AC), NEHUSU General Secretary Banpynbiang Riang said that the VC has agreed to allow the students to lead the Academic Council. Council.
Replying to a question on the part of the Minister in charge of District Council, James K Sangma, he said that everyone has one mind for the sake of protecting the state. Many laws to protect the people of the state and the same discussion was brought by Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit which was rejected by the government at that time.
MCC officials have found it difficult to clean up the posters posted by the TMC and BJP parties because the posters on the streets are not like the posters posted with books. They have worked hard to clean up the election.
Speaking on the border issue, the Chief Minister said that he has met with the Chief Minister of Assam to discuss the issue which has been going on for many years between the two states. on this I went forward, and I saw that they would meet.
He also expressed his satisfaction that the Chief Minister has promised to survey all the areas and the land whether it is suitable for Civil Sub Division and after that he will consider whether to do so. need.
This was announced by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday, referring to the Official Data on the salary of ASHA workers in 7,000 thousand villages across the country. in the state of Meghalaya.
During the meeting, various issues related to the market vendors were discussed.
Mookhep scored the second goal in the 42nd minute through the same player.
New Delhi, Jymmang 16: There has been a decline in school dropout rates among children aged 6 to 14 years across India since the launch of the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan scheme in
The Green Skills Academy offers a unique blend of theoretical knowledge, projects, workplace experiences, internships and job readiness mentoring creating a dynamic learning environment.
The Second Amendment Bill, 2018 is to introduce a new ban on Khasi from marrying non-Khasis.
The first reason is that the Urban Development Department of the Central Government has released the funds for the second phase too late, but the Water Supply Department of the Meghalaya Government has worked hard. to complete this work by the end of this year 2013.
When inquired, she said the Union has demanded that the Government should issue an Identity Card, pay the salary for 12 months, pay the Honorarium every month and give leave during the working hours. day that pain.
Bah Marwein said that his wife had eaten the unknown tit after she had eaten it alive and because it had nothing to do with it, she had shet jyntah but without thinking. He said that now that they are in the hospital, he and his three children have recovered while his wife is still weak.
The meeting was attended by Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma, Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong, Joint Secretary to the Union Home Ministry, ANVC leaders and leaders. the ANVC(B) and members of the committee.
During the programme, the Union Minister also inaugurated the MPHETA at IIPH, Shillong in the presence of the Union Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare. Dr Bharati Pravin Pawar and Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Ampareen Lyngdoh.
Speaking on the occasion, Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Hamletson Dohling said that he is surprised to learn that Jail Road does not have a public toilet and although it is a place with many shops, he said that the availability of toilets in public places is important.
Shillong, July 24: The Executive Committee of the All Meghalaya Dancers' Association (AMDA) Central Bady, which met on the 24th of this month, has decided to postpone the 40th Anniversary of the Association. It was scheduled to be held from the 10th to the 5th of June for unavoidable reasons.
The meeting was attended by the villagers and members of the party. It was explained to the public how alcohol is the cause of evil in the family and the society as a whole.
On this occasion, the Minister informed the public about many of the schemes in the government which the government has already done and will do for them.
It may be recalled that most of the civil society groups like KSU, HANM and HNPF have already staged protests such as curfew and night road blockade to demand the government to improve and repair this road but the government has not listened. There is nothing wrong with that but only in promising to the Sengbhalang.
The JHADC dorbar will be held in October.
Programs such as drawing competition on Environmental Pollution (SEC), Rain Harvesting (UP) and Water Cycle (LP), Essay writing on Conservation of Biodiversity (SEC), Issues of Child Marriage were held. (UP) and Environmental Degradation (LP) and also information and discussion (sec + UP) on the topic 'Wealth is greater than knowledge'
The demands of the students of the college are that the government should expand the college, appoint teachers for those who study in the morning and provide a basket. ball court.
The Minister of Home Affairs said that the police department is aware of what was shown on one of the TV channels and published in one of the newspapers. The Eastern Range should investigate the owners and managers in connection with this matter.
The competition was enriched by the performances of the students of Nabon Sawian Memorial Secondary School, Mawmluh, Larsing Khongwir Memorial School, Mawsmai and Sohra Twa Presbyterian Upper Primary School, Sohra.
The railway department has sent another train to send back the people to Assam. Officials from the state are continuing to talk to find out if there are any. If you are interested in Meghalaya, please call
Speaking to reporters, Donbok said that there is only one B.Ed College in the state, at Rongkhon Tura in West Garo Hills District. There are 50 students and only 7 Khasi students. This shows that the government has not implemented the special allocation.
Shillong, Lber 04: The Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, on Tuesday said that the government is very concerned about the problems faced by the people. note that any problem should be temporary.
In the past 10 years, the Modi government has allocated more than T.145 crore to upgrade the staff at NEIAH. The allocation for the project to upgrade the staff at NEIAH is T.217.02 crore.
The competition, sponsored by the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society Shillong, was attended by many traditional music groups from the villages of West Jaintia Hills District.
The winners will have to take part again in the international level competition to be held soon in April, 2022, which is only two months away in Malaysia.
In the first part of the party's agenda, it is written in large and clear letters “IMPLEMENTATION OF ILP” and they stand firm on this and will be with and support anyone who demands this issue.
He said that this attack by the Bangladesh army has put the people in fear.
During the meeting, DC Sanjay Goyal explained to the civil society organizations about the NPR and how it will work in the implementation of government schemes and in at the same time to identify non-residents of the state.
On this occasion, the Union Minister of State for Home Affairs urged the States of the North Eastern Region of India to make full use of the funds allocated for them, such as in the Ministry of Energy. fire, airport, information department and other projects funded by the central government.
Other ring sports include Full Contact, Lowkick, Thaikick (K-1) and the most popular is Professional Kickboxing which MAKO has decided to hold for the first time in Shillong in November. 2014 where the trophy will be a prize money for the winners.
On the other hand, Bah Paul Lyngdoh MLA of Jaiaw said that he too is concerned about this project as it has not yet started.
Nearly 3000 participants will meet with Prime Minister Duh during the programme.
Shillong, Lber 28: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma today inaugurated three branches of HDFC Bank at three places, one at Baghmara, Mendipathar and Phulbari. Shillong.
All the students who came to take part in the meeting expressed what they had to say about the state of corruption in the country.
Shillong, June 27: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the parties in the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government have not lodged any complaint against the government. The agreement was signed with Assam in the presence of Union Home Minister Amit Shah on the border dispute.
When asked whether there has been any discussion with the leader, Dr Roy said that this will be discussed after the announcement of the results of the election, as is the case with the ethnic parties. The state does not announce the leader but the MLAs elect the leader.
On the other hand, Prestone said that the purpose of registering the people sitting on the square is to get information on the number of people sitting on the ground, so that the government can provide land for these people. people who don't seek money and don't sell in the marketplace.
This was done because the office has received information that there are some groups who want to create trouble inside the district, the district authorities will not allow them to do so. These orders will come into force immediately from 6 pm to 5 pm.
After their return from Delhi, the party will hold a public meeting in Arunachal Pradesh.
Furthermore, one candidate from Surat PC in Gujarat has won without any contest.
The leader of the union said that they don't know whether they are government employees or contractors or students or traders. If we don't allow them anymore, we don't know what will happen. Thank you very much to all the press and media. Thank you very much to all the press and media.
Empathy, 3.
Referring to the roads, the Chief Minister said the government has allocated Rs 590 crore, not only that, there will be a plane from Delhi to Shillong and the Baljek Airport has also been taken care of. To get it to work, all that remains now is to expand the runway.
He said the department also agreed to recognize the hard work of the SSA employees and the salary increase will be the goal so that the employees will work smarter and implement this programme.
The union has erected a signboard at Mawroh Market which falls on the border of Assam and Jirang Hima.
Shillong, July 9, 2023 : The Ministry of New and Renewable Energy in collaboration with the Meghalaya Non-Conventional and Rural Energy Development Agency (MNREDA) has organized several lighting programs to mark the Environment Day.
Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong said that 2539 cases have been confirmed and 2526 cases have been tested negative. One person has died of COVID-19, 11 people have recovered and one person is still undergoing treatment.
The protest will be held in all the district headquarters of Meghalaya, from Motphrah in Shillong.
Regarding the expenses for the treatment of Agnes and Amita, the government has already decided to bear them from the government.
Others who attended the meeting were Bah TP Passah BDO of Mawlai Block who congratulated the organization. Manager of Axis Bank Bah Tory Kharsyrieng also attended the meeting. The meeting was led by Donbok Shadap, Vice President of the party.
During the visit from the office of the SP News Agency, it was found that the water tanks in the water tanks have been closed down and these two wells have collapsed raw raw. Nearby residents of these two wells have expressed their surprise to see that these wells which have never run out of water in the past have now been running out of water since the month of June.
In this regard, there are two issues before the government, one is how to implement the Meghalaya Mines & Minerals Policy, 2012 by drafting it along with many relevant laws. The government will now fight as hard as it can to bring before the NGT to overturn the decision given earlier.
The meeting today consisted of two parts, one was the Baiko Dera festival and the fifth meeting of the ARSUM which was held today at Manikganj in North Garo Hills.
The funeral service for the Khasi Marbisu will be held on the 30th of this month at the cremation ground in Marbisu at 2 pm.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: Sikkim's Independence Day was celebrated at Raj Bhavan Shillong today. Chief Guest and Minister of State Bah AL Hek as the chief guest.
He said that the principal amount that the government has brought every three years is not good enough for the benefit of the people.
The President stressed the need to support and encourage the talented youth to shape their full sporting careers.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister said that the schools which receive assistance from the government are Government Aided Schools, Deficit Schools and Improve Deficit Schools. school fees.
The Association expresses its surprise at the inability of the MDSA to open the Football Astro Turf Stadium in Mawkyrwat and this shows the lack of attention of the current leadership of the Association in the development of Football in the District.
The ceremony was attended by BJP Meghalaya Pradesh President Rikman G. Momin and other party leaders.
“There are many factors such as society, economy and others that cause a child to commit crimes.
The meeting was led by Chairman SC Marak and members of the Board and Canada was led by Chairman SC Marak. by Arjun Kumar Dutta, Trade Commissioner, Kolkata, and  Mortoza Tarafder, Director Trade Development South Asia, MENA, of the  Saskatchewan Trade & Export Partnership.
“He spoke about the achievements in the work of bringing peace and stability in the region by recalling that there are many political agreements that have been signed, border agreements that have been completed and that the settlement works have been completed. was very rare.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed that two persons from West Garo Hills District have recovered from the disease. 3 cases, 1 case in East Khasi Hills, 1 case in South West Khasi Hills and 1 case in West Jaintia Hills.
They also congratulated Bah HS Shylla, CEM, KHADC, who promised that from now on all the Hima Dorbars should hold the Kut Year Dorbar in the morning with the Khun u Hajar and in the presence of We are ready to cooperate for the sake of the country and the unique Khasi people.
Through the continuation of the project in seven states of the North East namely Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Nagaland and Tripura; Mobile users today can report the theft of their mobile phones through the internet.
As an organization that looks after the welfare of all, we will continue to pursue such men who destroy the society who have no compassion and treat women like those who have no life only for themselves. The lusts of the flesh deceive the young women with their cunning without regard to the lives of the women.
The CMOT Talent Camp will be held to identify leaders from various Indian companies related to Media and Entertainment including production houses, AVGC companies, studios and others.
We expect to reach more than 90% in the implementation of Jal Jeevan and umkor in the households before this fiscal year.
We are still waiting for them to do so but if you allow us to implement the Work Permit.
As we have witnessed in these days, the peace has been lost because it is no longer possible to drive on this road and most of the time when you come to school or work in the office you have to park your vehicles inside the main road MG Road. IGP Point and fear has caused many to worry about the incident of overcrowding which has resulted in traffic jam.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: U Congress Legislative Party (CLP) Leader Ronnie V Lyngdoh on Tuesday criticized the BJP MLA from South Shillong, Sanbor Shullai for not saying a word in the party. Assembly.
“Besides this scheme, I as an MLA, there are many other development projects which I have prepared to carry out in the constituency which have been suspended due to the COVID-19 pandemic,” he said. state.
A complaint has been registered under Section 363 of the IPC against the child at Lumdiengjri Police Station. Police received a complaint that the child was missing on the 12th of this month. When police checked the phone number, they found that the child was taken outside the state and from the phone they found that she was in Kooch. Behavior.
Santosh K Agrawal, President of WAKO India Kickboxing Federation, also congratulated Hame.
“If anyone violates this notice issued by the Hima Mylliem and approved by the District Council, we will punish them according to the law,” said the CEM of KHADC. Trading License We have discussed with the District Council from time to time and all foreigners who trade in the village cannot leave without getting a NoC from the village and permission from the KHADC. “We don't know how many foreigners have received Trading License but so far there are hundreds of foreigners registered in Rynjah and Them Rynjah.
If there is a need to discuss, a special meeting should be convened to discuss this.
The government has declared a public holiday only within the border of East Khasi Hills District as there will be a shad nongkrem on this day.
Shillong, Nailar 30: After the inauguration of the Ranikor Civil Sub Division by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Prestone Tynsong on 10th November Therefore, you must be able to do this, and you will not be able to do anything else.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: The BJP Meghalaya Unit has appointed Bah Jrop Sing Nongkhlaw to prepare and strengthen the BJP Shella Mandal in a proper manner in collaboration with the existing Mandal for the year 2016-2 .
They also demanded the establishment of a police station in East Jaintia Hills to drive vehicles.
