The injured were taken to Nongstoin Civil Hospital for treatment.
After the training, the Bansara Eye Care was held for the drivers and the program was concluded. Mr. Evangelinstone, Sport Secretary of the Association, welcomed the guests.
While the MeECL employees were removing the electrical wires from the houses in the slum, the Police and CRPF were accompanying them. They are from Assam and Uttar Pradesh.
This is the first time in Meghalaya that political parties have agreed to work together in the election.
Why hasn't the police department done anything about this incident even though the people of this area have lodged a complaint?
Shillong, Naitung 05: The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, MS Rao, on Tuesday said that the new district will include only the land. of Mairang Civil Sub Division.
The KSU has been waiting for the MMRSA but it has ended only at the Secretariat. They have expected that the resolution of the 60 MLAs on the ILP will be welcomed by the Central Government in Delhi. noh halfway.
In another incident, Md. Sikander Ali stabbed Rbilash Paswan with a sharp weapon on the 1st of this month at Nongpoh. The injured was taken to Guwahati for treatment.
On the other hand, the employees of 108 want the state government to call for tenders after the expiry of the term of office of the company. take ti yourself to this department under your control.
James K Sangma said that Article 371 cannot be replaced by District Councils.
There have been 71 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 55 from West Jaintia Hills and 7 from West Jaintia Hills. after.
Williamnagar, Naitung 04: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today inaugurated the Chaiding Police Station in East Garo Hills. If you have peace, you will be able to grow in all aspects.
The Minister said that the Civil Defense and Home Guard team has done a lot of work in helping the people affected by the floods and as a department it has come forward to help the people in many cases. many of them are not affected by the environment.
Ribhoi and West Garo Hills won the bronze medals.
The International Pepper Community has awarded him the title of “Best Pepper Grower from India” in
" Young people used to have no source of income from sports activities.
He said the state government has set up a special committee on this issue with Dr Kharlukhi as one of its members and the committee has already sent its findings to the state government. and now it is the responsibility of the Government to send to the Central Government for the recognition of the Khasi Language by the Constitution of the country.
There are 130 districts which have complete water pipes for every household.
Others who attended the ceremony were CCM Shushil, IAS, Nodal Officer who gave the welcome speech, and Dr H Iangrai, State Liaison Officer. S Basumtri, Youth Officer, NSS North East Region.
To discuss the measures and changes, experts, journalists and Government officials gathered here today.
Police have stepped up patrols in Ichamati to ensure peace and order in the village and the area as a whole.
There is an urgent need to arrange for the protection of the Khasi people living on the border to avoid the increasing attacks by the Assam police, Nepali and Karbi insurgents and robbers.
The decision, which states that the price of natural gas in India should be 10% of the total monthly price of the Indian Crude Basket, is a fair decision, according to all.
Furthermore, the management of the fund is monitored by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and the Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) through periodic audit.
He went on to talk about the benefits that come to people when there are strong healthcare businesses in the area.
He said that the people should be encouraged to protect the environment.
Conversion from Prepaid to Postpaid or Postpaid to Prepaid using OTP, Implementing an OTP-based conversion allows people to convert from Prepaid to Postpaid or Postpaid Shillong, Nailur 24: The “Sur Ki Nong Mawlai” which includes the KSU, FKJGP and HNYF today went to the Secretariat to protest against the The government should temporarily suspend the policemen accused of involvement in the shooting death of Bah Chesristerfield Thangkhiew on the 13th of July.
Mawkyrwat, July 09: The Iong Lajong Festival will be held on the 18th of this month at Mawkyrwat. The festival is organized by the South West Khasi Hills District Arts and Culture Society. Arts and Culture of the State Government.
“What we want is to build intermediate lanes and I think that is enough,” he added.
Police have launched an investigation into the cause of the fire in the Datta Processing Room.
During this time, all work should be stopped and walking should be stopped during this time.
Nongpoh, July 29: The Women Organization of Ri Bhoi District (WORD) has received the full support of the Mrs. Ri Bhoi contest for the first time. the district who came to witness to know my opinion.
Other scholars who have examined the durim have commented that the Apot durim is worthy of a great reputation in the field of the story 'U Tiewlarun' in explaining the Khasi customs and traditions. in the perfection of the manufacturing process according to modern technologies.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed one death in West Jaintia Hills District today. There are 723 cases in South Garo Hills, 10 in West Garo Hills and 1 in West Jaintia Hills.
Regarding the traffic on the day of the Prime Minister's visit, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District said that the Superintendent of Police will issue a notice.
It is true that the Kashari District Councils need the authority of the Governor under para 5 of the Sixth Schedule but they do not need notification from the CPC & CRPc to continue to function.
In this society, there shall be no discrimination based on gender or religion.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The Meghalaya Mines Owners and Exporters Association (MMOEA) has said that they will not be able to transport all the coal that has been mined due to the deterioration of the road from Nongjri to Borsora. Exports from Lailad to Borsora and Nongjri to Bakli Land Custom Station will not be able to transport coal before the 30th of this month as scheduled by the Supreme Court of India. .
The union also warned the people of the area to refrain from going to Shillong and other places for the time being especially to those places declared by the government as containment places. Zone Except for those who are seriously ill, said the Organizing Secretary, Samla Macfairson Dkhar.
On the other hand, Bah Paul demanded that the government should have an independent committee in which the government should not appoint its own people as members of this committee.
Dr.
The question that many have prepared for the MDC elections to be held in June 2024 is whether the Delimitation Committee will be able to complete the delimitation of the 29 constituencies within the KHADC in these months. the two months regardless of the month of the election.
Two deaths have been reported from East Khasi Hills, 1 from West Khasi Hills, 1 from West Khasi Hills, bringing the total number of deaths to sun.
Despite all this, the system has prepared for the increase in the number of cheetahs brought in for the first time each year.
The Cabinet has also appointed a Special Committee to look after the peace and order headed by the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma, the Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong and the Minister of Home Affairs. There is no peace in the state.
MH Dkhar, President of AJYWO Central Body.
Replying to the issue of teachers, the Prime Minister said that inside the House, he has taken the opinion of all the members of the House who have taken the opinion. part in this discussion on the Governor's speech.
The demands of the farmers are to ban the kilo cutting of agricultural products by the traders in the market.
The Minister later inaugurated the Assam Rifles Public School (ARPS) in Shillong as the Khelo India Sports School.
On the other hand, various political parties of the EJHD said that if the government does not listen to their demand, after 4 days they will not be responsible if there is any tragic incident in the country. this area.
The Seng will not stand idly by but will continue to follow up on both these issues and if the JHADC cannot do anything on this, the Seng will have to take strong action in relation to the Trading License. and NESL, concluded the statement.
Following the incident, Police have tightened security at the residence of the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, the Symbud Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong and other key offices of the Chief Minister. the Government.
They also requested the CM to request the Government of India to resolve the protest of the farmers in Delhi on the three laws on agriculture. riang which has just been passed.
The winners of the National United Muaythai Championship have been selected to compete in the Sub Junior, Junior, Men's and Women's Muaythai Fight Armature Under-23 and Waikru categories of the Youth IFMA World Championship. Muaythai Championship" will be held in Thailand, Bangkok from 26th November to 4th March
She said that the funeral service for the remaining body of Bah Marshall will be held on Tuesday at the request of the Kurs to bury the body tonight.
The RozgarMela will be held at 47 venues across the country.
The budget for the year 2017-2018 is T.201,59,38,220/- crore.
There are 80 quarries in the area which have received this information from the SDO's office and the SDO's office has ordered to close them immediately. judgment against those who do not work.
He said that the 108 Ambulances have resumed operations across the state and there are Ambulances that are still running to reach the places where they are. The day came when they went to the place where they were working.
“A lot of opportunities arise for you in India," he said.
The HYC leader asked whether foreigners are more important than their children, family members or relatives. those who trade benami whom the organization will investigate.
We aim to develop 2 lakh hectares of forests in the next 5 years through this programme.
I was elected as the president along with other members of the CEC through the General Convention of the party at the Polytechnic Hall on 27th July 2017 which was witnessed by the press and media.
– [.
Police have conducted an investigation to find out the truth.
New Delhi, November 11: Startups have become the engine of economic revival through innovation, reconnection, and economic growth while building the future in relation to needs and the changing beliefs of countries.
To seek help from Jowai and it was long to reach the scene to control the incident and some people lost their lives when the house collapsed.
According to information received, the police raid was conducted across the constituencies of the 1-Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
Furthermore, the Chief Guest said that it is his duty as a leader to look after the needs of the people. He also urged the residents of the constituency to continue to give their right hand and left hand if they really want to. bring many changes.
Commandant IBNNDRF (BSF) Randhir Kumar said that there are three National Disaster Response Force stations in India and this is one of them in Guwahati.
Manish Sharma and Abhishek Kumar were electrifying with the ball, claiming 45 and 40 wickets respectively, and they have both been included in the list for this season as well.
The delegation visited the seedbed, research center and herbal medicines related to the preparation of seeds from the laboratory for planting in the ground according to the needs of the farmers under the scheme. Himalayan Bioresource Mission.
Committees have also been set up to discuss how to make this fertilizer.
The incident happened on the 13th of this month. Initially it was suspected that 13 people were trapped inside the coal mine. people were trapped inside the coal mine.
To celebrate this successful day, KAS has already held meetings in all four districts in the Khasi Hills and today it has held a meeting with the civil society organizations as well as the KAS. Village Authority to discuss this issue.
In these days, it has been seen that people have to stand in line to get tested as stipulated by the government. After receiving this number of people, the government has decided to strengthen the line. The workplace has not only set up two RPTCR testing centers but also registration centres.
The singer will have to select one of the Coaches/Judges to teach him/her to sing.
Shillong, July 8: The Meghalaya Editors and Publishers' Association (MEPA) has expressed its deep sorrow over the incident which happened on July 6, at the Main Secretariat, Shillong where one of the leading journalists, EM Jose, was treated rudely and rudely by the Minister of Home Affairs, James K. Sangma.
Meghalaya has sent 43 contestants in both the men's and women's categories.
The funeral service will be held on the 13th July 2016 at the Mawlai Nonglum Substation.
If we turn to Art.19(5) of India, we find that the Constitution of India does not prohibit the implementation of existing laws or the making of laws against the entry and exit of India. non-tribe residents in Scheduled Tribe areas.
“Despite the hard work to continue and convey our demands through the spokesperson Bah Sadon Blah, the Government has shown a lack of attention to our demands.
Union Children's Minister Rijiju said the North East should be showcased in a proper manner by bringing along the food of the region.
Speaking on the increase in income, he said that there is no other way to increase except through hard work.
The NPP party in Ranikor will hold a meeting tomorrow morning to elect the MDC candidate, while the UDP will hold a meeting on the 30th of this month at Rangthong.
Many vehicles were also damaged in the incident. Police rushed to the scene to stop the incident.
It is sad to see that even after the DC has informed the Assam government authorities, but today while the people were leaving for the repair of this road, suddenly they came. Assam police have forcibly stopped the people who wanted to repair the road.
At the same time, he expressed his satisfaction that the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma will visit South Korea to further strengthen relations between Meghalaya and South Korea.
Family members,couples and even strangers meet enthusiastically, to share not only food but stories and a good laugh.
The Police Department of the State Government has been run by foreigners and the Khasi Police Officers have been treated as 'sew beh'
The Vice President of the party said that the party has urged President Bah Martle N Mukhim to contest elections from any national party according to the wishes of the party supporters.
The shopkeepers came to the office and said that they understand the mistake and want to go according to the law as directed by the KHADC.
Ester Mary Lyngdoh from Mawprem won the first prize, Freddy L Sun came second and others received special prizes. reach the finish line of the race.
As a party, we have to go to all the constituencies to explain to the people what the Congress party is and what it is for. I don't know if this government is bad or bad, but I'm working hard.
The Forest Department, which has a committee to look after the protection of the rivers, should put up signs to the neighbors to warn the people not to throw soil into the rivers.
The hope is that people will listen to the lyrics of the song written and sung in Pnar and Khasi Sohra.
The Council has taken notice of this incident and has received a complaint from the civil society of Ri Bhoi District.
At present, the people of the North East of India have their own customs and traditions which need to be maintained, he said.
It is very difficult for the poor people especially those who live far away and sometimes they cannot afford to go to Jowai just to get adequate treatment to avoid the pain.
However, before they send a letter of support to the executive committee led by Bah Pynshngain, it is their duty to meet.
This is the internal affairs of the Congress party and the UDP cannot interfere.
The residents of South West Khasi Hills District have demanded that the leaders especially the MLA of this area should not make any efforts to have a bank in this area of ​​South West Khasi Hills District.
Don War is the senior leader of the Congress party from the former Mawkhar constituency which has now shifted to Shillong North.
Shillong, Iaiong 21: A strong earthquake has struck Tura on Thursday, in which many houses have been damaged. At the time of writing of this news, no one has been injured. a tragic event.
Furthermore, the Seng is surprised at the violent use of force by the police in Shillong, but while they are reducing and covering up in the border areas, the statement said.
The Government understands how to deal with the challenges ahead.
Shillong, Naitung 5: The Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District, on Tuesday urged the public not to buy mobile phones from people. by the sellers.
At Mawphlang, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, the Governor of Meghalaya, V.K. Shanmuganathanu who was accompanied by other government ministers and officials.
“In the past years, as a Jaitbynriew, we have faced discrimination against foreigners from other states whether in jobs or education, but the KSU has come out. Forward to protect the Jaitbynriew through the leadership of the Seng and one of them is Bah Bull Nongjop Lyngdoh to pray to God.
Shillong, Lber 14: Meghalaya Police today on receiving a tip conducted a search operation and seized a vehicle suspected to be carrying Ganja.
Fines will be imposed from time to time for violations of the instructions.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, in reply to a question by Himalaya Muktan Shangpliang regarding the allocation of funds from the District Minerals Foundation (DMF), The government has released T.10.53 crore to seven districts.
According to him, the party has also launched its election campaign.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The Federation of Khasi States has urged the Hima Dorbars to convene their Hima Dorbars together with the children of the thousand to discuss the implementation of the terms and conditions of the IOA & AA. ,The meeting of the Khasi Hima within the Federation of Khasi States was held on 7th May 2019 at Shillong, under the chairmanship of Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Dorbar of Chiefs of Khasi Hills. Khasi States, in which it was decided to urge the Hima to convene their Hima Dorbars together with the children of the thousand to discuss the suspension of the provisions of the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement (IOA & AA) 17 August to get clarification on the problems faced to date, even after many letters sent to the Government of India, Government of Meghalaya and Government of KHADC. Khasi States to fix the date to come to the Hima Dorbars to explain the progress to date and to discuss the intention of the KHADC authorities to discuss and discuss the four IOA & AA provisions that are pending. The Government of India has implemented the provisions of para 3 of the Sixth Schedule.
Shillong, March 22: Police have recovered a mini truck from Rngai on its way to Pynursla.
“We have already conveyed the needs of the constituency to the Government, but to answer this maybe what is the problem of the government if it is the road we want the PWD department to respond and other departments to respond.
“We have to break the chain of spread of this disease.
He said this while replying to a question on the 48 hour strike by the All Meghalaya Tourist Taxi Association against the newly implemented Bharatiya Nyaya Sanhita (BNS) Act. The Government of India to increase the punishment of drivers who hit people on the road and flee.
From the arrest of this KSU member, it was seen that the KSU members have reached Sadar Police station.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: The students of Jyoti Sroat School today performed a song for the competitors at Nan Polok.
The General Secretary of the Harijan Colony said that the government should not ignore these threats. He said that everyone knows that the Harijan Colony is a den of robbers where women and children are killed. I'm going to walk through this place and it's going to be dark.
The Government shall do its duty in accordance with the Constitution.
Speaking on the factors leading to the choice of teacher, he said, “After completing my B.Sc from Sankardev College, Shillong I am still waiting for my result in
The announcement was signed by Dr. Mandeep K Bhandari, Joint Secretary.
HITO also expressed its surprise to learn that Meghalaya has not yet implemented the Sports Code of India. For example, according to the Sports Code, those over 70 years of age can no longer hold office. There are also rules on the term of office of the Association where the President can hold office for three terms while the General Secretary can hold office for only two terms. , which the MSOA has not implemented, there are also associations which are not registered but do not hold any championship while on the other hand they receive assistance from the Government.
Aizwal, Naiwieng 21: The National President of the National People's Party (NPP) Conrad K Sangma today campaigned for the MLA elections in Mizoram at two constituencies in Vairengte and Kolasib to seek the support of the people. for the party candidates.
The union also gave an example of the water that turns color only from the river near Phodkud which has a uranium mine in this area, but the river Riliang which flows into the same river is clean without discoloration.
The Khasi Author's Society (KAS), Khliehriat Branch in collaboration with the Khasi Department of Jaintia Eastern College, Khliehriat has marked the death anniversary of poet Soso Tham by holding an information workshop on The theme, “The Contribution of Soso Tham to the Khasi Nation”, was held at Jaintia Eastern College, Khliehriat.
The vehicles were used by various villages, farmers, traders, buyers, groups and groups, and this helped to transport goods from all over the area to larger markets.
The Dorbar Shnong has requested the DVO to set up a Marketing Cell on the site of the Pig and Poultry Farm so that it will benefit the people in terms of employment by selling pigs and pork.
Following Labour's victory, King Charles III appointed Starmer as the new Prime Minister of the UK. The country's new Prime Minister, Starmer said, “Our work is urgent and we will start now.
According to police, on the 19th of this month, they received a complaint that a child was found sleeping at Nongrim-Sawdew village in upper Shillong.
If any fish pond has been cleaned, the Superintendent of Fisheries must obtain permission to issue a certificate that the pond has been cleaned. Kynrud, March 29: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawthadraishan Circle has started explaining to the public how to bring about peace and stability in the area by holding a The meeting was held at Iew Kynrud to explain to the public how to elect their leaders and to understand that party differences should not enter because it causes many evils.
There are 172 recoveries today, 100 from East Khasi Hills, 41 from Ri Bhoi, 16 from West Garo Hills, 6 from North Garo Hills, 3 from South Garo Hills, 2 from West Jaintia Hills. Khasi Hills 1 The total number of recoveries so far is
After being arrested by the BSF, Sumiron said that the money was given by Khubi to people he did not know because he was ordered not to. When he arrived in Gumaghat, he will phone where to pay the money and what he gets is that after paying the money, his reward will be T.1000. In another incident, the BSF arrested Johan. Marak while he was cutting down the Shiah knives and others managed to escape at Chikenbari, South West Khasi Hills, Meghalaya.
The total loss of money from the coal mining ban is about T.4000 crore and when the money runs out, the market has come to a standstill and has affected the workers.
: The Executive Committee of the High Court of Meghalaya Bar Association (HCMBA) has strongly condemned the threat of two prominent Muktiars in Shillong by some robbers if they continue to plead for them. relief seekers’ cases and to participate in relief seekers’ litigation.
He said that there are also other projects which have started working in the constituency which will benefit the residents.
The purpose of that is to remind their fellow citizens to tipkur tipkha in order to avoid the shongsang and not to misbehave with those who are not of the same clan.
For the public, the room fee has been increased to T.1550 per night.
On my part and as the Health Minister when we do any development work we do for the benefit of the people and I don't do politics and this is your request for promotion. “I will tell you that I will put this issue forward,” said Bah Hek.
Speaking on Narendra Modi, he said that he cannot be stopped from being the Prime Minister of the country.
When asked, he said that in East Khasi Hills alone, there are 89 vacant teacher posts in Upper Primary and 22 vacancies in Lower Primary. There are 27 primary schools and 21 lower primary schools.
By the month of November, the ECD Mission has been able to produce documents on how to run the work of the Mission which will be distributed to the villages of Meghalaya so that they can be assisted. people, village leaders and self-help groups, to be able to conduct ECD activities. Training for Master Trainers at Cluster Level.
Speaking to reporters, Dr Carol said that three Indians, besides Bah Wahlang, others from Delhi, Bangalore and Jammu, will participate in the race which was held in Portugal this month. and Kashmir and lives in Canada.
The JYF is disappointed that the government has not taken action on this issue and found that the bridge at Lad Rymbai Myngkseh is dangerous especially during the rainy season. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate in this area because it can be destroyed at any time,” said Ma Rymbai.
The ILP is a law created by the Bengal Eastern Frontiers Regulation Act of 1873, which requires foreigners to register themselves before entering the country so that the government authorities can know where they come from. “I don't want to come back as I please,” said the Sengbhalang leaders.
New Delhi, Jymmang 16: The Union Minister of State for Defense and Cooperation, Amit Shah today held meetings with the Chief Minister of Manipur, Meitei and Kuki leaders and others. to oversee the measures taken to restore peace and order in the state.
The death toll has risen to 819 with two deaths from East Khasi Hills and one from Ri Bhoi District.
They also seized 100 Indian rupees.
They demanded that Bah YS Shullai should be appointed who should have been promoted.
On behalf of Samla Donald Nongsteen, Genl.
To encourage the people to exercise their right to vote, the CEO on this occasion laid the flag for three races, one is the race. Bicycle, Royal Enfield bike race and a race to showcase the oldest Jeeps in Shillong.
There are 609 cases in the state, 91 cases in East Khasi Hills, 80 cases in East Garo Hills. 1, Ri Bhoi 1, South Garo Hills 1, South West Garo Hills 2, West Garo Hills 3, West Jaintia Hills
According to information received, the 14 villages under Nongwah have already sent a letter to the KHADC in 2021 to inform them that they have been transferred to the Sohiong Hima and if they are transferred to the Sohiong Hima, they will go to Assam. The Jirang Hima has been allowed to enter Meghalaya. This letter has also been sent to the Syiem of the Jirang Hima.
The meeting was held at Shree Kanchi Kamakoti Vidyalaya, Mawbah, Shillong.
A panel discussion on “How India can harness its youth population to become a superpower” was also held in the second part of the program today.
He urged the Deputy Chairman that even if he is from the ruling party, he should not take sides.
What the government wants now is to increase the number of Out Posts and Police Out Posts. in the state.
Shillong, July 31: The permission of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) to cut down trees according to the working plan will expire on 31st October.
The Minister said that for this reason the government will not refuse to cancel the soskular signed with the company in the past.
There have been 3 deaths today, all three from East Khasi Hills, 2 from West Jaintia Hills, 1 from West Jaintia Hills, bringing the total number of deaths in the state to .
Shillong, July 02: : Air Marshal BS Dhanoa YSM VM has been appointed as Senior Air Staff Officer of the Eastern Air Command.
Naidu said that Meghalaya has a beautiful natural beauty which can attract many tourists and Umiam Lake is already one of the places that attracts people to visit this place. don't be afraid.
The Minister said that the Ministry of Labor is responsible for this and that this is another milestone in achieving the goal of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi in terms of welfare. of non-governmental people, who are the builders of the country.
They said that the Deputy Commissioner has promised to take action on the request of the group of farmers to protect the crops and lives of people.
it is not that Team 1917 will buy like the merchants in the marketplace.
This day is not a day of rejoicing but a day of comfort and sorrow.
He said that there are some constituencies where the people have to pass through other constituencies but the committee's duty is only to look into the problem.
For the year 2017-2018, T.1.5 crore has been allocated for agriculture and T.80 lakh has been released so far.
The Prime Minister said that many times what the government wants to do for the development of the people has faced many difficulties due to the lack of land, but in this case The Chief Minister expressed his gratitude to the Nokmas for donating this land for the construction of this health centre.
At the confirmation of these two branches of the KSU in Jiantia Hills, Lambokstarwell said that the establishment of this branch does not mean that the members of the KSU will become the pillars of the community. or that they will be the pillars of the Dorbar Shnong, but as members of the Seng they should share the burden of the community and contribute to the development of the village in all aspects.
The CAS has strongly criticized the authorities especially the police who are merely spectators from vehicles to the bloodshed and to allow the mob to violate the rights of women and rape them. the lives of a 19-year-old son and father on the street while trying to help refugees (daughters of the country) from mob violence.
Shillong, Lber 30: The KSU of three units, the Mynriang Unit, the Nonghali Unit and the Diengpasoh Unit, will hold a meeting on October 29,
U Bah Samlin, Minister in charge of Water Resources, said that he has spoken to the president of the party on this issue. Bah KP Pangniang and I have taken the responsibility to ensure that this will not affect the party especially when the party has only two MLAs. It is up to the president to decide how he will act in the party and what they will do for that will be the best. The president's side has also taken notice.
Earlier, the Chief Guest presented the medals for Meritorious Service to four Civil Defense and Home Guards.
Darly was accompanied by Zenith M Sangma, Noverfield Marak and Congress supporters including MLAs and MDCs. Purno A Sangma was accompanied by his daughter Agatha K Sangma. Darly went to file his nomination at 12 noon while PA Sangma went to file his nomination at 12 noon. Your nomination will be held at 2 pm.
Most of the time they have to wait for the police from Sohra and it is very far away,” he said.
Both belonged to the Mendicant order and were Friars.
He added that this action of the MBOSE is a sign of the threat to the Khasi language.
Ailinda Mawlong of the Secretariat of the Admin (E) Department and Smti.
Shillong, June 29: U IG BSF Sudesh Kumar IPS, in a public meeting held at Rongra South Garo Hills, on Tuesday said that the BSF will conduct a special recruitment exercise for youths from the border areas with Bangladesh.
Therefore, the Director (Census Operation) has issued these certificates to these people.
He added that in Meghalaya there is no special allocation for constituencies to contest the MDC election and there is no restriction on others to contest the election from voting. I do not accept this suggestion to appoint other ethnic groups to the District Councils.
Along with these leaders, 13 vice presidents, 15 secretaries and 62 executive members were elected.
Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi District CP Gotmare IAS was the chief guest in the presence of government officials from the district.
The meeting discussed the intention of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (IOC) to request the Indian Olympic Association (IOA) to allow Meghalaya to host the National Games.
In 1947, when India gained independence, the Khasi Hills was divided into two parts, the Khasi Hills and the British-occupied areas.
Likewise, the increase in the bill has affected many people and we don't understand how they count but many shortcomings and delays have been found in the work of this company from Orissa.
“We appreciate what the Commission has done and we will follow up on this,” said Bah Lamare.
He said that there has been a suggestion that they want to have their own clean governor so that the work can go smoothly. a decision could not be made.
Shillong, March 21: There are 52 cases of COVID-19 in Shillong, 27 cases in East Khasi Hills and 19 cases in East Khasi Hills. There are 735 people in Shitom.
Shillong, March 23: The Syiem of Khyriem Hima, Dr. Balajied Syiem, has visited Raid Iapngar to confirm the Syiem of the Raid and the Lyngdoh of the Raid. confusion in which as the king the mother of the kingdom was suspended the confirmation of the king of the raid.
About 50 people, students and members of the CORP, attended the blood donation ceremony. The President of the CORP said that the Blood donation continues for the benefit of the poor.
Local Taxis (Maruti 800) should carry four passengers, one in the back and one in front and so on. cars.
At that time, the responsibility of building a new India was placed on the shoulders of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The Deputy Secretary to the Governor of Meghalaya today issued a notice that the Administrator Rule has been enacted within the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
Pyngrope said the election was conducted by the Saw Raid according to the law passed by the District Council and the information will be sent to the Council and other authorities.
Marwein said the government knows that the land in the state is owned by private individuals, the hima, the kur and the government does not have land. buy from the people, but in relation to this coal industry which has affected the livelihood of the people and also the budget of the government, instead of formulating a policy that the landowners The MMOEA and the people of South West Khasi Hills will not hand over the land to the MMDC which is a corporation. “We don't want to lose our land, we will be the owners of the land,” he said.
Terrorists go and come.
Chyne said yes.
The foundation stone of the hospital was laid by the Prime Minister in June
To celebrate Meghalaya Day, the government has decided to implement the 100 Days programme. For example, he said to bring about changes in the secretariat by using led lights. This will be done in the form of NPP mode and this is also for the Street Lights to use LEDs because the Led Lights will consume less light.
The driver of the vehicle said that he had no information about the incident but the vehicle caught fire suddenly and the vehicle was damaged.
On the lack of assistance to farmers when they are affected by natural disasters, he said it is true that farmers do not receive assistance because there is no special allocation of funds for farmers when there is natural disasters. One is that the government will allocate funds for the farmers so that they can benefit in many ways.
A total of 20616 students wrote the examination and 11791 students passed with a percentage of 57.19%.
Shillong, November 13: The Cabinet today approved an ordinance to rename the university as The Captain Williamson Sangma Technical University. State University” has been responsible for bringing about changes and this acceptance today was done so that the state can have its own university.
The CEO said that out of these CrPF troops who have arrived in Meghalaya, there are 40 companies which have been deployed in many parts of the state, the remaining 80 companies will arrive in Meghalaya. After the elections in Tripura.
Meghalaya ranks second in tobacco consumption in the North East and Mizoram ranks first in tobacco consumption, while India ranks 15th in tobacco consumption.
Alicia Bakor Phanwar, 26, will receive the ENBA Gold Award for Best News Producer on October 30,
ICCR Director Manish Singh in his speech said that it will be difficult in this age for people to produce these films related to culture and traditions because they are in a hurry to produce films. they don't have a product.
Tura, Naitung 03: Three CRPF personnel were injured in a clash with GNLA members at Bolsal A'ding, near Resubelpara in North Garo Hills.
In its verdict, the Division Bench comprising Chief Justice S. Vaidyanathan and Justice W. Diengdoh said, There is no merit in the plaintiff's argument, we feel that the suit should be dismissed.
The number of CNG stations in India has increased from 938 in 2014 to 4900 in
Another issue that the Hima and the Government will have to find out is where the land of the freedom fighters was placed when it was taken from the residence of Tirot Singh.
The memorial was inaugurated by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and the Deputy Chief Minister, Preston Tynsong. The prayer and blessing was offered by Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh. LR Bishnoi, the welcome speech was delivered by Bah Fantin Joseph Lakadong.
Jowai, Nailar 07: Puja Gogoi has lodged a complaint with the Jowai Police Station that her husband Pradip Lywait has killed her 40 month old son at her home in Mynthong village. It is located in the West Jaintia Hills District.
The Director said that six oxygen concentrators and one oxygen concentrator for 25 beds have already been installed at Shillong Civil Hospital. Ganesh Das Hospital is under the UNDP scheme.
The foundation stone will also be laid for four NIELITs in Guwahati, Shillong, Lunglei and Gangtok.
Soshan Sangma said that this road is not only in poor condition but it is very useful because it connects with the AMPT road which leads to Iew Najing. The market is 5km away.
Recently, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Ministry of Home Affairs, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said that the area is still under litigation in court.
The central theme of the peace talks is that they should get Garo Land. In this struggle for Garo Land, they don't want to have bloodshed and they want to stop the peace talks. .
IT/ITES industry leaders have urged the Commerce Department to allow workplaces in the Special Economic Zones (SEZs) to start operating from home and from workplaces and to open up opportunities for them to tree from home.
While the government has not been able to increase the number of police in the area, it should have sent police from Mawkyrwat to patrol the area.
On the third day of the Shad Suk Mynsiem, there was a heavy rainfall for only a few minutes in the evening.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Dr Simon Khonglah, in charge of Dawki PHC, said that all the tests have been completed according to the rules laid down by the government and they have been brought by government vehicles from Tamabil. They were taken to Shillong at the Quarantine Centre.
According to reports, this happened during a light outage and the reason why the vehicle was stoned is still unknown. investigation into this incident.
On the same day, the new office bearers of the Unit for the term 2020-2023 were also appointed.
In the case of Gandhiji and the case of the country, we believe in the age-old teaching of Vasudhaiva Kutumbakam or “The world is one family.
“It is a shame to call this road the National Highway of India, when its name and nature do not match at all.
Conrad agreed without consulting his fellow ministers in the government and wrote, “Please release the money allocated to the Autonomous District Councils immediately,” Martle said.
Bah Kharpran urged the youth of the constituency who wish to apply for jobs at this hospital to prepare well for the examinations conducted by NEIGRIHMS Hospital and to follow the advertisements. in this clinic.
Through the G20 presidency, India aims to bring to the world the belief in 'One World, One Family, One Future.
This year's results have increased compared to
RDA Secretary KP Pangniang who is also the President of the HSPDP said that the appointment of Bah Robert is a desire to restore the dignity of the jaidbynriew in front of the world and it is up to the people to take action. you die.
Shillong, November 28: Four Congress MLAs, one UDP MLA and two Independent MLAs will resign as MLAs today morning in order to join the party. National People Party.
The ceremony was enriched by the traditional dance known as “Shad Sohjer” and Karbi dance known as “Rah Kynthei”. and a dance competition.
School, Laitumkhrah and NYKS, Meghalaya Zone where the Zenith was awarded.
"If the Government says that the power is in the HNLC, it is the path of law that the Government wants but if the HNLC says that the decision is in the Government, the group will not agree. it should not be done by the Government.
Shilong, November 13: The Seiñ Kur Dkhar of East Jaintia Hills District today awarded the title of Miss Meghalaya 2022 as Miss Northeast 2022, Miss Irene Dkhar from Rymbai, East Jaintia Hills District. Hills, at the Community Hall, Khliehriat West, East Jaintia Hills, with a lot of joy and happiness after winning the Miss Meghalaya, 2022 and Miss Northeast, 2022 pageants, which was held recently this year. in Shillong and Cohima.
The selection of these two players from UAMAI was informed by Prasenjit Singha President of UAMAI to the President and Secretary of the party in Meghalaya in the past few days.
At this meeting, the Minister launched the UNNATI-2024 in the presence of the Chief Minister of Arunachal Pradesh Pema Khandu.
Farmers can increase their income by using the latest technology.
The Symbut Myntri Rangbah also informed that the Central Government has released the foodgrains for the months of June and July and the transportation of the foodgrains has started and the distribution will be this month. .
Speaking to reporters, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, AT Mondal, said that a tender for the construction of the Legislative Assembly will be called soon. the meeting will begin in April.
The National Food Security Act 2013, which is an Act of India passed by Parliament to benefit the 1.2 billion people of the country, was also launched.
The purpose of this visit is to request the Meghalaya government to contribute.
Dr. D. Wanswett Principal of the college said that the college was started in 1962 by the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Church with the aim of providing special opportunities to the students from the rural areas.
Like the Son of Man, when he works in the fields, in the fields, in the fields, in the fields, he doesn't forget to honor his Creator, because from one season to another. Year after year, mankind has walked along with the blessings of God the Creator.
The Chief Electoral Officer of the State, Dr. BDR Tiwari, who was the chief guest, in his speech, announced that the Election Department of the State will send the name of the singer Alin Iawphniaw. The Election Commission of India (ECI) has appointed him as the State Icon for the Sweep Systematic Electoral Programme.
We want the law enforcement agencies to take action against the people who killed Lurshai.
Therefore, as the education cell, we would like to ask for the opinion of all the authorities of colleges/universities in the state from the principals, teachers and also the final year students on this decision. The UGC has decided that even if there is any opposition, there will be only one strong voice from all for the safety of the students and teachers who have to attend as directed by the UGC. The Supreme Court has held a petition of 31 students from all over India against the decision of the UGC to hold the final year examination in the Supreme Court. The case will be heard in the Delhi High Court, Bombay High Court, Karnataka High Court and Gauhati High Court in the past few days.
It is in Dr Homiwell's writings that he died on 4 June 1834 and this day is celebrated as the death anniversary of Tirot Singh. Sila of Decca sent to the Secretary, "Tirot Singh died yesterday at 1.00 pm" This letter was written on 18th November he died on 17 November
This thought of taking one's own life is a disease in the human mind and this disease can be prevented by talking to him or her. of a man or woman.
Members of the HITO, Shillong on Friday night arrested four men and a woman suspected of being drug traffickers and drug users at Khyndai Lad, Shillong.
In a short meeting before the cleaning of the Iewduh, the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Teinwell Dkhar in his speech said that the Iewduh is the source of food for many people. you don't have to clean it.
“The name of the shop is not the name of the shop because it is not called China Bazar,” said the KSU JHDU leader. Why didn't you call it 'Hynniewtrep Market'?
Dr Mukul said that Nalin is only a spectator.
The state leaders have been directed to send the names of the candidates to Delhi. Those who wish to contest the MP election can call 9862041663, he said.
The program will also include a system of health services where doctors and staff nurses will reach the homes of patients across the villages and areas of the Northeast including Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Meghalaya, Manipur and Mizoram. , Nagaland, Tripura and Sikkim as well.
Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday said that the BJP in the state will support this initiative.
The shops that will be open during these four days in Shillong will be ration shops, umphniang sharak shops, registered shops and these have been increased to 2122 shops.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club today to announce his resignation from the party, he said that the reason for his resignation is because of the Congress party. You don't have to worry about that in Delhi or in the state.
The new office bearers were sworn in by Donald V Thabah in the presence of all the residents of Khasi Veng, Vairangte.
At the same time, he urged the people to continue their support in this demand for the protection of the minority.
Minister of Home Affairs Roshan Warjri and Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA of this constituency were also present on the occasion.
The donation of the KSU is part of the efforts to help and develop the paradoh parasnam who come from poor families who have been neglected in all aspects especially by the government authorities.
Shillong, March 03: The All India Congress Committee (AICC) today approved three candidates for the mid-term elections to three MLA constituencies in Meghalaya.
In connection with the signboards erected by GR Infra, the company that is currently constructing this road, the union demands that the The company should correct these spellings or remove them immediately and replace them with new ones so that this will not mislead the people and also affect the country and the nation.
The demand of the union comes after the state government has decided to hold a final meeting with the leaders of the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HYC) on 7th June, 2024 regarding the relocation of the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HYC). people who live in the Iewmawlong Valley.
Police are conducting investigation to find out the cause of the death of the child.
Speaking to media, Bah Michael Hek said that even if the Government agrees to run it, it should ensure that the youth of the village will get jobs.
The death toll has risen to 18, nine from East Khasi Hills, one from Ri Bhoi, one from South West Garo Hills, two from West Garo Hills, four from West Jaintia Hills and one from West Khadi Hills.
“The nation comes forward and the party is behind, I am afraid of the election but I am happy for the nation,” he said. the BJP".
A big step has been taken to create employment opportunities for the youth and ensure the welfare of the residents”.
The Congress party has turned a blind eye to the allegations of links between the insurgents and politicians, the allegations of teacher recruitment and the inability to build a dorbar hall. fresh.
Shillong, June 21: The Institute of Bioresources and Sustainable Development (IBSD) in Upper Shillong today welcomed the students and teachers of St. Edmund's College. the laboratory is your bag.
“The BJP's attitude is to blame other parties and only the BJP is right.
She said that the IMD on the 15th of this month has sent a notice to the three districts of East Khasi Hills, West Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills to monitor the situation. the atmosphere.
Shillong, July 03: The Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan (NYKS) of Meghalaya today held a cycle rally in Shillong to mark World Bicycle Day.
The KSU strongly condemns this act of intimidating the professor and also to prevent her from filling the post of Vice-Chancellor at NEHU. The VC has been stealing or opposing her from applying for higher posts in order to serve better.
They were confirmed by the Working President of the State Youth Wing, Bah Adelbert Nongrum in the presence of the President of the State Youth Wing, Bah Thomas Passah and other members of the party who were present.
The Vice Chancellor had to sign the complaint submitted to him by the students.
Therefore, we have lodged this complaint against him to take action according to the rules of law,” said Bah Passah.
Shillong, Lber 30: U MNa Conrad Sangma has personally phoned the Deputy Commissioners to get information regarding the earthquake today.
Many of the women who attended this special training for women said that they went for the training to protect themselves or in this age where women are being treated badly. men and women, by this teaching they can protect themselves.
If they are able to attend private schools, the RTE fees will be paid by PM CARES. PM-CARES will also pay for school uniforms and books. School attendance: Children between Children shall be enrolled in any residential school of the Central Government such as Sainik School, Navodaya Vidyalaya and others.
These drugs were seized under the provisions of the NPDS Act.
Shillong, March 11: The Raid Tuber Elaka Demand Committee (RTEDC) has convened a meeting at Tuberkmai village in East Jaintia Hills District under the chairmanship of Bah Helping Phawa. The Raid Tuber had to get its own Elaka by separating it from the Jowai Elaka.
The office bearers of Bholaganj Block were elected in the presence of Assistant General Secretary Bah Bankitbok Kharsyntiew.
He said that among the many demands of the union, the government has agreed to set up the Farmer Commission, to declare wild sohmrit and lasi as agricultural products and he believes that the government will. It will also implement other demands such as the declaration of 2020 as the Year of Farmers and others.
The HNYF leader said that the allegation that they are foreigners is wrong because they are not from Bangladesh or Pakistan. The organization shall do what is right according to the law.
In this regard, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has directed the residents to collect and dispose of garbage at the designated places in different parts of the city. Shillong and also on private property.
He said that this announcement will be effective immediately as these new co-incharges will work for the future of the party and especially in relation to the elections in these different states.
The first mistake of this government is that it does not understand the boundary of Meghalaya. It should be understood that the District Council gets the boundary through the Khasi Hills. It is up to the District Councils to know exactly the boundaries of the state and to have a consensus especially with the Khasi Hills.
They were arrested from Demthring under Madanrting Police Station.
“In exercise of my powers under Section 144 CrPC and for the protection of the environment, illegal mining and quarrying in the hilly areas and “It is not allowed to mine shyiap from the river by any person, company or any authority without first obtaining a Mining License/Quarry Permit and other Clearance Certificate from the relevant authorities,” said the District Magistrate Kong RM. Kurbah is not a law.
In another incident, heavy rainfall today has caused flooding at Jumnorlane in Laban. to relieve the flow of water into the road.
The KHNAM leader alleged that the Indian government offices in the state have also seen that they do not believe in the powers of the Council as enshrined in the Sixth Scheduled.
Shillong, Nailur 21: Shillong Lajong FC today beat Shillong United FC 1-0
The I&B Department, in collaboration with the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, has prepared guidelines and Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) on safety measures for those working in the film industry and The announcement was made by the Union Minister in charge of Information and Broadcasting, Prakash Javadekar in New Delhi.
The Government has also set up special facilities to provide treatment to health workers.
BSF today arrested 6 Bangladeshis while they were trying to return to their country. They were arrested from Jaintia Hills. Meghalaya does not have a factory in Jaintia Hills.
When there are such incidents on the border, the Deputy Commissioners and Superintendents from both sides talk to resolve the issues.
During his two terms as MLA, he was also a Minister of Home Affairs.
Besides various competitions, the students of the kur who have improved in their personal skills including Ellerene Warjri who won the second place in the Bachelor examination were also honoured. Obinas Warjri won gold medal in the 5th Annual National Martial Arts Games, Badahunshisha Warjri won second place in the Poster Competition 2023 by the Forest and Environment Department, Meghalaya in collaboration with the Global Tribal Forum.
Minister Kharlukhi of Mylliem Hima today told SP News Agency that the Hima has had to suspend the plan to clean the market because the DC has banned it from cleaning the market. You don't have to go to Lockdown.
The commission shall comprise a Chairman and seven members, two of whom shall be women.
During the lockdown, grocery stores were allowed to open in the villages every day, banks, post offices were allowed to open and home delivery was allowed. .
We will not sit idly by and we have decided to monitor until the issue of Trading License is clarified and to ensure that all Non-Tribal traders in Jaintia Hills should have Trading License and also that Trading Licenses shall not be issued for the benefit of the Jaidbynriew.
The decision came after they found through RTI that there are 51 employees of the Civil Hospital who have been appointed without complying with the appointment rules of the government.
“By allocating nine colleges across the state, it will ensure that the youth will get adequate education in the rural areas, providing equal opportunities for all.
Shillong, Nailur 25: The National Institute of Disaster Management, New Delhi together with the Meghalaya State Disaster Management Authority (MDA) have conducted a one-day training at Shillong Club.
The decision was taken by Bah Kwit Kyrsian, Sordar Shnong and Bah Faithstar Nongtri, Secretary Shnong.
The Prime Minister's proposal to pay the salaries by sending them directly to the bank accounts of the teachers is to reduce the delay in receiving their salaries every month. long also for teachers who teach in deficit schools.
The villages on the border between Meghalaya and Assam are Desh Domria village under Mylliem Hima, Borduar village under Nongspung Hima and Nongkhlaw Hima. Sohiong and in the Jirang Hima, Langpih village under the Nongmynsaw Hima and Block-II which still falls under the Raid Nongtung of the Khyrim Hima.
Mayborn said that as the talks were not successful, the party has decided not to cooperate with the government.
The Government has directed the Deputy Commissioners to consult with the owners of those markets to discuss how to deal with the government's decision to allow the usual markets. once a day to play.
This protocol will be valid until July 5, 2020 and will be renewed after 5 years.
Shillong, Nailur 30: The JSU has arrested Ayush Kumar for using a forged PRC from DC East Jaintia Hills in 2021 by applying for a Temporary Residential Certificate from Thangskai. He has applied for the state quota for MBBS 2023-24 and has also received it.
Bah Titus appealed to the public to come and take part in the celebration.
“In fact, the Lineage (Amendment) Bill is only a copy of the Clauses of the Clan Bill.
Also present at the meeting were Dhruba Joti Talukdar, Ghanashyam Kalita and Rajib Deka, members of APWs.
According to the government announcement, all government offices, schools and courts, any offices related to the conduct of financial activities in East Khasi Hills District will be closed on this day. .
“India is a young country with a spirit of innovation,” said Prime Minister Duh, pointing out the role of skills as the second pillar of India's journey.
In these days, a man from Mawngap has been offered gold by people from Assam and they have sent him to pay 9 lakh tyngka to Tezpur to get this gold. They went to pay for the money and when they examined it, they found that it was a nar rynnong which was covered with ksair only from above.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister spoke on several areas that can boost income such as tourism, IT and others, which will boost the income of the country. and the state.
Other areas mentioned in the election manifesto are to improve the income of the country, respect for the rule of law between the Central and State Governments, to protect the country and to protect the environment.
Everyone has to provide their Aadhar otherwise they will lose the benefits of this scheme.
On the other hand, the owners of the parks said that they have already submitted this report since July this year to the office of the DFO of East Khasi Hills District that there is still a lot of coal in their parks. at the time of the judgment, it was judged.
Referring to the party, he said that their departure will not affect the party as those who join the party are increasing day by day.
Speaking to media, he said that he came to Meghalaya to shoot the film because he was born in Shillong and he wants to show the world the beauty of Shillong. This place is for the development of tourism in the state.
All the dignitaries appreciated the efforts of the Riti Academy and the award is one of the ways to encourage and motivate the youth.
Shillong, Nailur 21: The BSF has received a tip that some insurgents have entered India from Bangladesh with weapons. The police have arrested a member of the ULFA with weapons from Kachhuadogri, West Garo Hills district.
According to reports, these people who died were day laborers who were returning home from the coal mines.
This was stated by Bah Enlang Sawian, General Secretary of HYC Shillong City.
Encourage others to download this app.
The SSC has decided to conduct another examination only in those places where the examination has taken place. steal.
Prestone said the examination will start on 16/4/2021 and the government has directed all those places where the examination will be held to provide all the necessary measures. to parents not to worry about their children when they go to write the exam.
Shillong, March 21: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the shortage of banks in the state has affected the development schemes of the central and state governments as well. .
The training will be for the work of mechanics, plumbers, plumbers, lighting technicians and pump operators.
Ayushi Sudan, Special Secretary (Planning) gave the concluding remarks and thanks.
This campaign shows that great things can be done when people, society and Government agencies work together for a common goal like the 'Swachh Bharat' Mission.
Referring to the ban on the import of coal from Assam, Prestone said it was allowed because the coal from the state cannot be sold yet, because Coal India Ltd has not been able to arrange for the import. this is the lockdown.
The officer said that it has been prepared and the work is in progress.
Besides these, there are also trainings such as khap snniuh for women or men, how to sell mobile cards, how to install wire lights in homes, how to make household appliances. sem bad to build a car.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The President of the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) on Tuesday said that the government should cancel the announcement of the Assam government that Block I and Block II have been transferred to the Assam government. to Michir.
He said this is a big step to bring about change in the coastal states like Tamil Nadu, Kerala and West Bengal to turn them into strong business states.
The Meghalaya BJP in its Policy Paper has promised to take action on this issue and has promised that the BJP will respect all the agreements signed between the Government of India and the Khasi Hills. States (Federation of Khasi States).
“The Government should set up Rehabilitation Centers which can help the low income people so that they can get rid of these alcoholic beverages,” urged the HYC leader.
He said that not only that but also that we are the people who have the right to stand and elect those who will become leaders in order to bring about the needs of the people. They just go hylla or put turoi up and down until they reach the limit to treat the people just because of their feelings as the Lord without thinking and remembering their position in the service of the people.
This has affected the environment and the whole world.
At the same time, the Union urges all the civil society organizations to come together to oppose the CAB according to the rules.
KAS expresses its gratitude to the government for recognizing the KAS to look after the Khasi language and this is the first time that the government has allocated funds for the work of the KAS. For two years they have not been able to do anything because of the COVID-19 pandemic.
The MDC of the area said that the Chief Minister should not sell to fight politics and development works of the people, he should order the contractor to expedite the implementation of the cleaning of the road. which the people have nothing to do with.
Through this statement, the KSU North Khasi Hills District Unit and the KSU Nongpoh Circle express their deep sorrow and condolences on the passing away of Samla Sabathani, one of the stalwart office bearers of the KSU. .
The Assam Riffle base is currently in use.
He said that the departure of these youths from Kyrphei village to join the Seng will strengthen the Seng as a whole and give hope to the future generation.
India has surplus food commodities which opens up opportunities for it to run a security business in terms of food commodities.
: The Dorbar Shnong Lawsohtun on Thursday submitted a petition to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Rosetta M. Kurbah on the demand to enforce the rules against Mahadev Khola and to stop the land grabbing. people who came from outside the state.
He also asked how much people can survive on government jobs.
The Government has now required the returning citizens to undergo tests and place them in special places so that they do not become the spreaders of the disease.
Shillong, July 17: There are 174 new cases of COVID-19 in East Jaintia Hills, 1 in East Jaintia Hills and 144 in East Khasi Hills. , Ri Bhoi 9, South Garo Hills 1, West Garo Hills 13, West Jaitnia Hills 3, West Khasi Hills
In the case of Class VI to Class VIII in Upper Primary, all the students said that what they are doing now is enough but in the case of Class KG to Class V, they said that what they are doing now is enough. the difference in attitude.
Strengthening the close relationship with India's identity, he thanked Prime Minister Narendra Modi for promoting yoga in the world since he came to power.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The Meghalaya People's Labor Union (MPP), the Union of Rangbah Shnongs, the Coal Suppliers Association and various organizations in Jaintia Hills District have held a protest in front of the office of the Jaintia Hills District Committee. DC East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat to strongly oppose the authorization of the Government of Meghalaya to set up many cement factories in Narpuh District.
The meeting was led by KSU NKHD Unit President Ferdynald Kharkamni, KSU NKHD Unit President Banjop Maring, KSU NKHD Unit President Banjop Maring. NKHD Unit and KSU Members
Regarding the border issues with Assam, the government has gone to the field to talk and has taken action. This issue has been going on for 50 years now and the government has done its best. and the demand of Adhoc school teachers, the government has increased the assistance.
KHNAM has seen that the MPs from Shillong do not raise the issues of the state and the nation to fight firmly with the Central Government, but they are ready to bring only issues or projects of the Central Government to Meghalaya if This shows that they have thought only of the National Interest and not the State Interest.
According to the signs, this bridge is now only a shynrong.
Speaking to media, Finance Secretary of NEHUSU, Samla Mandor Diengdoh Swer said that there are many issues in the NEP 2020 which are interesting and relevant to improve and transform education in the country. India and the state of Meghalaya.
We make it clear that the party itself has no order to any of its members to do these things for the sake of peace and order in the State as a whole.
Sainkupar General Secretary of the HNLC has demanded that the police should release the letter of demand for money. the signature of the Secretary in charge of Finance.
Meghalaya Police have been directed to talk to Bihar Police who have helped to release the religious leaders from the state. you have complained against them.
Any Cabinet Minister is bound by the decision of the Cabinet and if he opposes or does not agree with the decision of the Cabinet, the Chief Minister should remove him from the ministry as happened to Bah DP Iangjuh during his tenure. L) FA Khonglam to dissent from the Cabinet's decision on the online lottery system.
The Village Defense Party (VP) has celebrated its 50th anniversary in West Jaintia Hills District.
The residents of the area cannot help but express their gratitude to the government through the hard work of the leaders especially to Bah Nehlang Lyngdoh who was the MLA of this area at that time. To bring about the cleanliness of this road so that we can easily travel unlike in the past when we had to walk for many hours to reach Ladrymbai market.
If the Government authorities do not take action by themselves, we will have to remove those who are illegal.
When the applicants enter the examination centre, select the question to be distributed by lot and it should be ring video.
The Chief Guest was the MLA of North Shillong Constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, who in his speech said that even though the state has its own beliefs, customs and traditions, , the date, but the duty itself is to preserve it.
The opinion states that the Guidelines for the Prevention of Misleading Advertisements and Endorsements, 2022, prohibit the advertisement of goods or services prohibited under any law.
The HNLC would like to inform the public that after the retirement of Bah Cherishsterfield Thangkhiew as General, the HNLC leaders and members have elected Bah Saiñkupar Nongtraw as the Acting General. Secretary and at the same time to hold the same post as Publicity Secretary.
Answering additional questions, Symbut, Chief Minister, said that the reason for the delay was due to the land, but now it has been resolved and all that remains is to pay the land fee.
The Director said that 79 people have recovered from the disease, 14 from East Khasi Hills, 14 from West Garo Hills, 11 from West Jaintia Hills, 10 from Ri Bhoi, 5 from North Garo Hills. 4, East Garo Hills 1 The total number of recoveries so far is
The seized Sugar bags were handed over to the Rongra police station for further action.
Answering additional questions, he said that the construction of the MCCL requires T.190 crore and the government has assisted the MCCL from 2007 to 2020 to T.303 crore.
The Khasi language should be included in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
Speaking to reporters, Kong Bindas Syiem said that on arrival at Nongpoh Civil Hospital, she felt very weak and in the middle of the night she urgently needed nurses or doctors. good of Drip medicine.
At present, every year 100,000 youths have reached the age of employment and it is the responsibility of the government to open up employment opportunities.
The celebration was inaugurated and blessed by the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma.
The same treatment will be provided at Balat of South West Khasi Hills on the 21st and 22nd of this month, said UK Nayal, DIG/PRO Meghalaya Frontier.
Those who blame the FOCUS scheme are those who have not yet understood the poverty of the farmers. The farmers are now happy to receive this assistance and this scheme started in 2021 and started in Tura.
Shillong, March 5: Shillong Lajong FC today opened their mobile shop in Shillong.
While the loss of tobacco is lower than in other countries, the use of tobacco in other areas is high.
However, the inevitable reason can be done in this regard as the purpose of the election proposal is opposed to the election process.
“The complaint against the Syiem and some of the Ministers is that we see that the activities are not in accordance with the customs and traditions and the rule of law.
In a letter sent to the Prime Minister of India, AHAM said that the demand for the inclusion of the Garo language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India has been going on for 30 years. this is their request.
The dam was built in the 2000s and the dam was completed in 2005 or
On the other hand, the union demands that the government should immediately build the roads and if the government does not do anything, the union will not hesitate to take protest measures.
Similarly, the main offices of the Central Government and the State Governments, the Village Authorities will remain open with the departure of staff to these offices as required.
Police are conducting investigation to find out the truth.
To oversee the implementation of the recommendations of the Committee, a Committee of Secretaries (CoS) under the chairmanship of the Cabinet Secretary was held on
He said that the party expresses its gratitude to the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma for saying that the government will not allow any development works for UCIL in the area. UCIL to cancel the EOI issued in recent days and to seek clarification from the Road Construction Department of the Union Government.
Speaking to reporters, some of the residents of the area said that the construction of this road has been going on for many months and they have seen that the construction has been going smoothly. completed at the right time which the people of the area want.
After the government has reached an agreement with these two companies, the MTDC has received back the land at Khyndailad and after receiving it has called a tender to hand it over to the public to complete the construction. work.
In a very competitive competition; Rishot from Dongmihsngi, Jowai won the second prize and the second prize went to the team from Chlem hikai Sur Tynre of Seiñraid Mukhla and the second prize went to the team from MUS. from the village of Mustem.
Speaking at the General Council, the Block Election Observer (BEO) in charge of Mawsynram, Bah Pynthymmai Bor Chyne said, “I have been ordered only to come and see the names of the candidates who want to vote. to contest the election from the party and the decision you have taken and agreed upon today,” he said.
The EM in charge of the Trade Department said that it is not yet clear whether the files are true or not. for thou shalt not send them away.
Education for all: To ensure that all have access to quality education, including students from backward communities, through a financial assistance of up to T 1 crore, IIM Shillong has support the students so that no one will lose their education opportunities due to lack of funds.
Police have recovered three boxes of heroin weighing 64.1 grams, six mobile phones, T.1,29,000 lakh and a Maruti Car 800 (ML 05 E and a Yamaha R15 bike with the number plate ML05 AC
The salary increase will not affect the Health Department and the Police, Home Guard and Civil Defense Departments which are in Group C. The salary increase will be 35% for Group A, Group B and Group C will also apply to those offices and schools which receive assistance from the government except the employees of Municipalities who fall under this category. On the other hand, the Chief Secretary said that there will be no suspension of salaries of those working in Group D as well as pensions.
Soso Shaiza, Member of the NCWm explained in detail the problems faced by women in terms of employment and at the same time she also mentioned the ways and means how to fight against these problems. trouble.
On the other hand, Madonbai Rymbai CEM JHADC expressed his deep sorrow after learning of the sudden passing away of Qualy Suiam, EM. Qualy Suiam is a very knowledgeable person in the field of Sain Hima Shima because he has been in this field for a long time and he is also quick to give advice on how to do a good job. Madon B Rymbai CEM JHADC also sent his condolences to the family, friends and relatives of Qualy Suiam. May God bless and protect them in the days to come. your life is yours.
Shillong, Nailar 27: Speaking to the leaders and people of Mawkyrwat constituency, Sounder Cajee today said that only the Meghalaya Trinamool Congress party will fight against the NPP-led government. At a meeting held at Mawkyrwat, it was announced that Bah Sounder will contest from the TMC party. At a meeting held at Mawkyrwat, he said that only the TMC can work for the people of Meghalaya. which can also be taken to Delhi to discuss the issues of Meghalaya, such as the border issue, such as the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
In the I-league, teams are allowed to sign foreign players and only two players are allowed.
Most of the positive cases and deaths were from East Khasi Hills District.
The Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) in charge of Mawlai Police Station, Mawlai Police Station, said that the body of the man was between 40 and 45 years old. Police said they did not know the name of the deceased.
As the organization from time to time we have warned the owners, contractors, traders to bring in Dkhar workers and also the villagers who do Benami.
Shillong Lajong, on the other hand, struggled to score but could not turn a single goal in the first half.
“In his speech, the Minister said that he will take action on our demands but we are not satisfied because we have not received any encouraging promises. 15 days for the State Government,” said Bah Barikupar.
There are 17 members in the 29-member House but with the departure of Grace, there are now 16 members, said Bah Shylla.
Police have taken the body to NEIGRIHMS Hospital, Shillong for post mortem. After the post mortem, the body has been handed over to the family members. sun.
The Central Government will focus on the JalJeevan Mission and this has been reflected in the allocation of T.₹92,309 crore in 2021-22, from T.23,022 crore last year.
We affirm the fact and the basis on which we stand that NEIGRIHMS is an Autonomous Institute located in the Tribal Area of ​​Meghalaya with the aim of providing services to the people of Meghalaya as a whole.
The training started today in Guwahati and the National Team will leave for Laos on the 2nd of next month.
He said that after receiving the report, the committee will sit down with all the members and consider what the committee should do which will be submitted to the government.
Instead of those intellectuals, the auto drivers, taxi drivers, market vendors will come and explain how to run the state. to understand that this is the work of governance and governance is sacred it is not a drama of the scientists who is the hero and who is William this is about running the government and building them policy.
When the House discussed the issue of opposition to the UCC brought by the CEM, the members of the House agreed to express their opposition. Shillong, Naitung 05: The Federation of Riwar Mihngi Local Dorbar (FRMLD) today met with the Minister of State for Social Affairs. Welfare of Bah Paul Lyngdoh to set up a Village Task Force Committee for the purpose of fighting against drugs in the Pynursla area.
Shillong, June 06: The Cabinet meeting held today has decided to appoint Supreme Court Advocate Amit Kumar as the Advocate General of Meghalaya.
The distribution of these equipment is still in Phase-II and these solar lanterns cost T.3500 each and the total cost has reached T.3 lakh.
There is only one HNLC in the 7trep, the Congress rule in Delhi in the past even to the point of overthrowing the UALA now.
“The journalist should investigate and find out the truth before publishing these news, and should not mislead the public,” he added.
At the meeting, the leaders of the Dorbar Shnong Khanduli, submitted a petition on three demands, namely to immediately remove the Entry Tax Gate of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council which has been erected for about four months. Khanduli, to remove the Assam Police from the area where the tax collection gate has been installed and to remove the Assam Police Camp from Khanduli.
He said that about 80 percent of the houses have been completed and only 20 percent remain. He said that Ri Bhoi District will be able to declare itself as the first district next month. Meghalaya has completed the construction of toilets in all households.
The Minister also mentioned the promotion of the commemoration of the heroes in programs across the country by holding speech and essay competitions.
Many political parties from Ribhoi have come to Shillong to encourage Kong Bindas in this demand and to demand that the Government should create the mechanisms to raise funds for the construction of the on the Nongpoh-Umden-Sonapur road.
This is the beginning and I am confident that the next government will look after the needs of the youth because as of now the youth of this state do not have any shortcomings compared to other youth from other states. of India's responsibility is to open the door for them.
The remaining 10% of projects are expected to be completed before October 31, 2025.
The flooding in the Kynshi River, especially in Kynshi village, is not a new incident or a recent incident. It has happened every year when there has been heavy rainfall. It has spread to Kynshi village where many households have been affected.
“Where the employees have to work long hours and their salary is the highest compared to other states, this company does not take action to improve these ambulances. I'm lost like a car,” he said.
As many States have requested for a change in the working methods for the distribution of vaccines and to restore the working methods that were in place before 1st June, Minister Duh said that It was decided that 25% of the vaccination allocation allocated to the States will be taken over by the Central Government.
He said that the HITO will not be able to file a complaint because they no longer trust the law enforcement agencies as many complaints have been lodged but they say it has not reached anywhere.
In a letter signed by Rashi Sharma, Deputy Secretary, MHRD, it said that teachers who have been in service have been allowed to register themselves with NIOS and the registration will start from 1st November. it will end on November 7th.
Mawphlang, Jymmang 03: The residents of MB Road, Mawphlang Balat Road, have been complaining about the deterioration of this road especially under the Mawphlang PWD Division.
The GSU has demanded that the Meghalaya government should take action against this incident as it is not easy for the students to lose classes especially in MBBS. Assam has a shortage of doctors in the state.
May the soul of this Rangbah rest in peace forever in the place that God has not chosen.
Shillong, Iaiong 08: U Dr WR Kharlukhi, State President of the National People's Party (NPP), while speaking on the election manifesto of the BJP party, said that if the BJP comes to power, it will implement the Speaking to reporters at the party office in Lachumier, the NPP leader said that the party has already made it clear that it will continue to oppose the CAB. He said that the NPP was founded to protect the people of the North East and if there is any action that affects the people of the North East, the party will oppose it. whether it is CAB or not.
To the west, it will run from Umkei village to Mawtari Thaiang, from Umtari village to Umtyrkhang village. and they came into the city of Korhadem.
The order was issued following a tragic incident in Uttar Pradesh.
When inquired, the Minister said that the State Government has planned to build a Rehabilitation Center at the site of the Tribal Research Institute (TRI) at Mawlai Nongkwar. CRPF Police to Mawdiangdiang village which is now in progress.
The BSF has been closely monitoring the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh.
The authority to authorize the distribution of rice has been given to the State Governments.
Shillong, March 29: Isawanda Laloo, CEO of STEMS, today received the award from Manoj Joshi, Secretary, Urban Development Department, Shillong. that there is no cooperation in the operation of shared vehicles.
In his speech, he said that these Skill Training Institutes also provide more opportunities to those who come from low income families and especially to the rural areas where they don't have to pay a penny. It is for food and accommodation if they leave their villages to come for training in various Skill Development Training Institutes and to get jobs without having to seek further assistance from those Program Implementing Agencies. (PIA) or Vocational Training Center (VTC) recognized by the Central and State Governments in the State and abroad.
The reason for the blindness of the people is due to the lack of Vitamin A in the body of the people and urged the public to understand how to eat the kinds of foods to that you and your person will get this vitamin.
Students from St. Peters Higher Secondary School, HL Mizo Secondary School, Madan Hindi Pathshala, Holy Child and Madanriting Presbyterian Higher Secondary School .
The authorities have visited this famous market and through their visit, the trade of the residents of Raliang district has declined.
All are urged to respect the time.
Other scholars who spoke at the conference included Dr. SS Lamare, Dr. SS Khongkliam, Dr. KD Ramsiej, Dr. Andrias Sun and Bah PR Kharshiing among others.
However, there is a limit and the government has not treated the ASHA workers at all. In the Eastern Region, Meghalaya is one of the states which has treated the ASHAs very well. free to come to the negotiating table, because this affects their own work if they are on the streets.
On the other hand, Bah Pynbiang rejected the issue after the CEM promised that the EC will not issue NOC for the mining of uranium.
The NHIS is currently continuing to visit the homes of the people to explain and provide assistance especially to those poor households who cannot afford to purchase the electricity as needed through this. “It's a good idea to register 5 people per household and pay only 31 tyngka,” said Doctor Jeny.
Union Minister in charge of Communications Ashvini Vaishnaw, Minister of State for Communications, Devusinh Chauhan, Chairman of Reliance Industries, MukeshAmbani, Chairman of Bharti Enterprises, Sunil Mittal, Chairman of Aditya and Mangala Secretary Birla Group. K Rajaramanki was also present on the occasion.
The granting of Civil Sub Division to the area is the only way to bring the Khadar government closer to the people and as the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance government led by Conrad A Sangma used to say, “It is the government of the people. ".
The cleanliness drive is part of the Swachhata Pakhwada-Swachhata Hi Seva2023, which will be held from 15th November to 2nd March.
During the training, NCC members who downloaded the BHIM App to understand how to transfer money, also explained how to use SBI Buddy. app to help them with the remittance process.
The office of the Deputy Director General of the Ministry of Foreign Trade and Industry at Morello Building, Shillong has been moved to Shillong.
Shillong, July 19: Two new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills District today, bringing the total number of confirmed cases to .
Speaking to reporters, HFU General Secretary Alfonsebirth Kharsyntiew said that the meeting was not successful because the Hima Mylliem has not implemented the decisions of the previous meeting. The Dy.CEM, Bah Pyniaid, has promised to convene another meeting on the 28th of this month to discuss the matter.
Many civil society organizations have expressed their opposition to the proposal to build a two lane road from Nongstoin-Pambriew-Wahkaji-Mawthabah under the SARDP-NE scheme. The meeting was attended by NESO, KSU, JACSO, JAC, and others. The meeting was attended by the civil society leaders NESO, KSU, JACSO, JAC and others. They said they want the road but they are against the mining of uranium.
The Dongmusa was handed over by the famous runner of the State Bah Binningstar Lyngkhoi who has won many medals in competitions in the State, India and abroad.
HANM says that the Durbar Shnong Lumdingjri is the first source of authority to implement the ILP even if the government does not. If the village authorities take stingy agreement to implement the ILP, this is an example.
Those who have more than 2 children, will lose all the benefits from the government including ration, umphniang sharak, old age pension scheme, death penalty scheme, 100 days work scheme Build houses for the poor in the block, especially not even allowed to enroll children who have more than 2 children.
Other children have also married and settled farther away and find it difficult to carry their mother because they themselves are poor and have to work around.
The largest gathering in the country was held in Jabalpur, Madhya Pradesh with the participation of more than 15,000 people in the presence of Vice President Jagdeep Dhankar.
People are also advised not to go outside without wearing a mask to cover their nose, head and throat, not to spread their hands and wash their hands with soap. frequent.
In the MP elections in 2019, the people will give their answer to the BJP government led by Narendra Modi as the Prime Minister of the country.
According to the 2011 Census, about 50% of the population depends on agriculture.
Shillong, July 16: The Inter School Subroto Cup Football Tournament 2024 has been postponed today at the Rowell Lyngdoh Stadium.
On the same issue, the CEM of KHADC, earlier said that the government has not released the money yet.
Some factories have started to build their own coal power plants, but the ban on coal mining has come and has forced factories with captive power plants to close down. .
The Government of India has promulgated the Citizenship (Amendment) Rules, 2024 on 11th October
The Chief Minister also inspected the construction of the road from Bajengdoba to Resubelpara which leads to Mendipathar to Damra which connects Bajengdoba.
Speaking to media after the meeting, Bah Pynïaid said the KHADC and KAAC have decided to work together to maintain peace between the two ethnic groups living on the border.
In 2018, under the Nikshay Poshan Yojana Scheme, the Government has provided T.500 (five hundred tyngka) per month to all TB patients who have registered under the Nikshay until they complete the treatment. care.
Shillong, July 21: On the occasion of the 41st Independence Day of Meghalaya, Governor RS Mooshahary said that Meghalaya still has to go through many milestones to achieve its goals. sides.
Shillong, Nailur 27: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today confirmed that three persons have died of COVID-19 positive in East Khasi Hills. Hills District, the total number of deaths has risen to
Shillong, Naitung 23: U Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Executive Member in charge of Trade and Industry within the Khasi Hills Autonomous District (KHADC) today introduced the Khasi Hills Autonomous District (KHADC) Rules,
The body of Dr Donkupar Roy was brought from Delhi to Shillong today, buried in Shillong tonight, tomorrow morning at his home in Sohra and buried at his village in Shella on Wednesday.
and even to the countryside.
Khalid Khan, Suresh, Susuki Paraiat and Kailash Verma were the leaders of the group.
On the urgency of renewing the textbooks in schools, he said that it is enough, but he urged the government to expedite the revision, not just to do it in a hurry. .
On the other hand, the UDP leader said that “the Congress leaders have misled the people”.
On the other hand, the union urges the Minister in charge of the Ministry of Public Works to take action on this issue.
Wang also acknowledged that Communist Party leader Wang Yi and US National Security Adviser Jake Sullivan had met on June 10 and 11 at Vienna, Austria.
For Shillong, if any land owners wish to take this loan, they can obtain the forms from the office, Raitong Buidling.
On the other hand, the police said that such an act by the robbers is unprecedented and even on Sunday they committed such a robbery.
He said that the question of the boundary disputes in Block-1 and Block-2 does not exist but the demand is to restore these land according to the Notification issued in issued by the Government of Assam.
The cost of paying the salaries of teachers will be T.53.64 crore.
Shillong, July 03: Policemen who were supposed to drive vehicles at Laitumkhrah police station at about 2 pm today had to fight because of commercial taxis parked at this place. They don't want to take people who want to come to Police Bazar or market.
When we ask about these things, we come to where we have to go.
Shillong, June 13: Police of Sardar Police Station have received a complaint from TC Marak, Principal Chief Conservator of Forests, Meghalaya against an English newspaper published in Meghalaya for allegedly He was accused of losing two files from the secretariat.
Through this statement, the Seng requests all the students from Photjaud Rangthong, Mawthanrew, Mawlangngad and Mawmerang who have achieved 60% marks in the SSLC or Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate (HSLC) to apply. to send documents or notify members and Unit Leaders.
Even the High Court of the State, the High Court Badonburom, also gives a holiday on Shad Nongkrem in honor of this unique custom and tradition of our people.
Many teachers and students were injured in the incident at JNU Delhi on Tuesday morning when a group of robbers entered the university and attacked. read.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: The election of the new Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today announced that the election of the new Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will be held on Tuesday. This election will be held in Shai.
Accepting the feelings of the people, the state government has gone to talk to the central government and the Ministry of Home Affairs on this issue to talk to the rebel group. the government continues to hunt them down.
ONYX in the men's category and Dubakh-A in the women's category were the two teams to win the title in the Maitshaprang Khasi League Basketball Tournament organized by the Khasi Student Union.
Similar events have already been held in Nongstoin, Mawkyrwat, Resubelpara, Bagmara and Williamnagar.
He said there are some important things to understand and that’s it.
After listening to the arguments from both sides, the Speaker of the House, Bah Lamphrang Blah, put the matter before the House whether it will accept it or not. she accepted.
He said that the turnout in the nine constituencies was 63.14 percent.
The State Governments should order to allow only non-exempt activities to continue in about 71 districts where COVID-19 cases have been confirmed.
Tura, July 02: A group of armed groups in Garo Hills including the United Achik Liberation Army (UALA) and the Achik Revolutionary Front (ARF) and others have expressed their readiness to arrive. to the table of conversation.
He said that the Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has decided to request land from the State Government in New Shillong for the purpose of relocating the office of the District Council from the current location. don now.
In Madanrting, the road from Lumbasuk Junction to NLU will be opened to only one lane, ie vehicles will not be able to travel from Lumbasuk Junction to NLU. Only 10 lines, vehicles can pass from Demthring Petrol Pump Junction to Madanrting Presbyterian Junction.
On this occasion, the CEM of KHADC said that the meeting will be called again as the number of MDCs who came today was not enough to speak.
If the government doesn't have teachers, they will do what they need.
MoHUA has urged officers from States and cities to participate and support this initiative which will be a step towards the involvement of women in the important job related to employment opportunities. Shillong, Naiwieng 06: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh today said that the tender for the operation of the 108 in the state has not been completed and the government has There is no intention to provide the best company for the welfare of the sick, but the intention to provide is completely wrong.
The passing away of Dr Donkupar is a great loss to the state as he is the oldest member of the House who has won from 1988 to 2018 and in politics until now. He has been an MLA for 31 years. During these 31 years of his career, he has faced the challenge of being removed from the post of MLA in 1991 during the tenure of Speaker Bah Shillong, Naitung 29: The Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy today visited the house of Dr Donkupar Roy. Services at his residence in Pine Mount Ridge to pay tribute to the late man.
Their demand is that the government should appoint all those who have passed the examination as there are many vacancies in the offices where people who have not passed the examination have been appointed.
Shillong, July 16: Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma today led the MDA delegation to Delhi to meet with the central government authorities to express their opposition to the attempt. of the Central Government to enact the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill,
Shillong, July 12: The BJP strongly condemns the incidents of violence against women and children in Meghalaya and said it has no words to explain.
The Block Congress Committee of Ranikor has decided to hold a meeting of the party branches on the 18th of this month to decide whom to send to the DCC as the party's candidate. area.
While the curfew continues, the government has decided to allow shops to open up to 20% of the shops, but it is up to the DCs to decide whether the opening will exceed 20% of the shops. to 20%.
The General Secretary of the party, Lindias Sangma, said that there are many types of schools in Meghalaya and there are 13 deficit pattern schools in the state including Secondary and Upper Primary Schools.
In fact, it is the right of the poor and the hill tribes to be protected according to the Constitution of India.
Anyone who has found or knows where this child is is kindly informed to the Laitumkrah Police Station on the following numbers, mobile 919863103649 and landline No.0364-2
The Chief Minister recalled that at the 69th meeting of the North Eastern Council which was attended by Home Minister Amit Shah on 23rd and 24th July 2021, there were nine NGO groups. Please send a letter to the DC of EKH District requesting to meet with the Minister of Home Affairs.
There are 2 deaths from East Khasi Hills, 1 from West Jaintia Hills and 1 from West Jaintia Hills. There are 1294 cases in the state so far.
St. Anthony's College, Shillong and Don Bosco College, Tura.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the land belongs to the government after the signing of a soskular between the government, the District Council and the Hima Mylliem. by the government.
Mawkyrwat United Democratic Party RENIKTON LYNGDOH TONGKHAR (WINNER).
In particular, the union demands that the government should explain to the public who gives permission and where they get permission to mine uranium and at the same time should strongly order AMD not to mine uranium anymore.
Shillong, November 19: The Ieng Rasong Sports Social and Cultural Club, in a statement, said that the club held its general council meeting on the 17th November, Shillong Club Residential Quarter, Shillong.
Thus, the white stick is the face of these friends of ours, who helps them when they walk, cross the road, get on or off the road, go to work, offices, banks, hospitals. and others.
He said that the officers will be called in these days to ask them about this and if they are not in the office , an inquiry will have to be sent to find out where the files are missing from the office those who believe that they have, they shall not be ashamed.
The objective should be considered in the villages and there should be a Village Action Plan (VAP) in each village which should be prepared in collaboration through various programs such as MGNREGS, SBM, grants of the 15Finance Commission to the villagers. PRI, CAMPA Fund, District Mineral Development Fund, Local Area Development Fund and others.
As it is in this regard, there has been no attempt to put information on the customs and traditions of the people regardless of their ethnic group.
The discussions at the meeting will focus on issues related to five sectors including tourism, fisheries, fish farming, dairy farming and slasha.
Shillong, March 31: JACATAM General Secretary Kenneth Shadap in a statement today said that the meeting of the JACATAM will be held on the 5th of March at Mawkhar Christian Higher Secondary School, Mawkhar Shillong. .
At this meeting, the party demanded a thorough investigation into their situation, if this quota is given to them which means four seats the people of the state will lose.
Another policeman, Rahul Marak, was seriously injured in the incident and was taken to Guwahati for treatment.
The Chief Minister said that any decision taken by the government will not affect the environment, will not affect the availability of forests, if there are shrah areas without trees for such forests. land can be used for planting these palm trees.
Therefore, the Seng Khasi Kmie will hold a flag raising ceremony at the Seng Khasi Hall, Mawkhar on the 23rd November 2020, at 8:00 pm in the presence of only the leading office bearers of the Seng Khasi Kmie and three members of Tymmen U San to complete the thanksgiving, prayer and phirat.
One of the main issues raised by the union in the petition is to strengthen the Border Police Outposts due to the increasing violence from time to time. on the border with Assam due to the persecution of the Khasi Pnars by the people of Assam.
It is with the approval of the Central Government that many of the employees in the nine new blocks have been appointed on contract basis.
According to information received, about 40 to 50 people who were appointed as Nursing Officers in the last recruitment through NORCET have not left or resigned.
She also urged that there should be a vision that the family should also be in the hands of women.
Speaking on the implementation of schemes under the National Health Mission, Dr Pawar said that through the NHM, the funds allocated to Meghalaya this year is about Rs 600 crore at 90% of the total. Central Government and 10% from the State Government.
Within Mynnar Jirang GS Circle: Mynnar Jirang, Nongsier, Nongthymmai, Smokoki, Paham Umshru, Umshru, Iomuroh, Sukunijira and Ampatama.
Speaking to media after the opening of a workshop on the construction of National Highways in Assam, Gadkari said, “Projects worth T.2,89,425 lakh crore have been allocated to them. The state has been in the North East for the past 10 years.
According to the information received, 76 churches, 40 church offices, 24 Sunday school halls and 28 villages were destroyed and 9 people were killed.
Regarding the newly joined youth, the President welcomed them and explained the principles of the Seng and what path they have to take to join the KSU. to all the members of the branch to continue to work better as a team in serving the community and surrounding villages.
During his tenure, he was appointed as a Minister in the government led by Dr Mukul Sangma and held government departments such as Power, Food, forest.
Grace Mary Kharpuri, Alvin Khyriem Sawkmie, Latiplang Kharkongor, Fantin Joseph Lakadong, Teibor Pathaw, Lamphrang Blah, Batskhem Ryntathiang, Bajop Pyngrope, Gigur Myrthong, Carness Sohshang and Bindo.
This happened on Tuesday morning at about 2:00 pm.
When we have strengthened ourselves so well, why should we give way to others.
Along with Himalaya Shangpliang, MLA, Kennedy Khyriem and Ampareen Lyngdoh, who left for Mawsynram to campaign for the election, were also present. Leaders of the Block Congress from Mawsynram.
“The failure of the JHADC to fully implement the Trading by Non-Tribals Act-2011, has led to the influx of foreigners into the country. Ri Lum Ri Jaintia, because the economy here is very easy and there is no need to follow the rules and regulations,” said Bah MH Dkhar, President of AJYWO Central Body.
“India needs more towers to achieve Gati Shakti and the Digital India vision of the Central Government.
After being informed, the Assam Police immediately rushed to the scene and arrested the people.
“India is the second largest country in the world in terms of tobacco use, despite public awareness about the harmful effects of tobacco on health.
In this letter, it was clearly stated that if he was not removed from the place, there would be trouble.
This is not the first time but such incidents have happened from time to time since the years they have been invading these areas.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills has ordered the temporary closure of the nearby Unique for the safety of the public. DCIC, Polo Short Round Road Shillong.
For we know not what shall be on the morrow.
It is expected that the construction of this small Jhad which will be a restaurant on the water will be completed during the rainy months and within this year the plan to set up a restaurant will be implemented. per year Water.
Shillong, November 31: The year 2012 has been free from many incidents regarding the curfew in the Khasi Hills. This is the city of Shillong.
Shylla said that when the Seng Bhalang goes on 15.11.2018, it is for them to demand the expedited approval of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District. not to pass the MRSS Act,
When asked who gave the authority to take more than the government's limit, he said, “I did this in consultation with the vigilance committee, because the government doesn't pay anything for transportation. They have to pay the highest cost until the rice reaches the distribution center, which is seven tyngka per kilo.
Shillong, November 20: The Assam Public Works (APWs) today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, and submitted a petition to him to urge him to talk to the government. for the implementation of only one Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the North East.
According to the students, two question papers were distributed to the students who wrote the NEET-UG examination, one Question Paper from the State Bank of India and one from the State Bank of India. I'm going to Canara Bank.
Among all these roads, the most important road for the North East is the NH-127 (B) which will connect the North East of India via Srirampur. The road, which passes through Dhubri, will connect the Bramaputra River to Phulbari, Rongram and end at Nongstoin. This road will be about 401 km long and will speed up traffic from Meghalaya and other parts of the country. of India.
Congress leader Amapreen Lyngdoh said that although the party did not win the elections, the increase in votes in the three constituencies is the party's hope in
The President of MPLU has requested the government to provide protective equipment to the employees involved in the fight against COVID-19, such as masks, personal protection equipment and special protection. “Those who are over 70 years of age,” said Bah Erwin K Syiem Sutnga in a letter to the Chief Minister.
As part of the Atmanirbhar Bharat Abhiyan through the Ministry of Food Processing, the Union Government has funded the PM Formalization of Micro Food Processing Enterprises Scheme.
MSSASA wants to send a message to the MDA government and also to the Minister of Education that their visit to the protest site is in accordance with the authorization. of the Constitution of India by leaving their children at home because they have not received their salaries for three months.
In Shillong, the Chairperson of the Women Commission, Thelin Phanbuh, has convened a meeting of women's organizations in the state to condemn the actions of the authorities in charge of the Delhi Golf Club. Tailin Lyngdoh, who was dressed in a traditional raincoat.
We have a golden opportunity before us to turn the situation for the better by showcasing the beauty of the North East and attracting people who until now have chosen to travel to other countries. countries instead of coming to experience the beauty in their own country".
Shillong, Naitung 13: The Sur of the People of Brih Hynniewtrep (KSUP7T) today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma to discuss the unresolved border issue between Meghalaya and Assam. to be resolved to this day.
Shillong, Nailar 17: The President of India today appointed three new Governors of Assam, Mr. Banwarilal Purohit as Governor of Assam, Dr. Najma A. Heptulla as Governor of Manipur and Dr. VP Singh Badnore as Governor of Punjab.
Shillong, July 16: BSF troops at Ryngku today arrested three persons who smuggled Rynsun from Bangladesh. market.
To get the cooperation of the Dorbar Shnongs, the union said that it will also discuss with the Dorbar Shnongs and select the villages to set up a Community Gym as part of the measures to divert the youth from drugs.
There are 7 recoveries from East Jaintia Hills, 1 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from South Garo Hills, 1 from South West Khasi Hills, 1 from West Garo Hills and 1 from West Jaintia Hills. The total number of recoveries so far has risen to 92,0
He said that now is the time for women and each and every one of us to contribute to the development of society, the country and the nation.
The organization also honored Greatmercy Langte who won the Spark Mrs Northeast India 2023 held recently in Guwahati.
If you don't have the knowledge it will be a problem how to use it".
Shillong, June 05: The Smart Charitable Trust (SMT) has honored two police drivers, Sabitri Rabha of Laitumkhrah and Chandradhar Basumatry of Madnriting.
eastkhasihills.
“If anyone has any suggestions to help us, please join us, please promote this reservation policy, please have that roster.
The meeting was conducted by Tymmen Basan F Pyngrope, who played a role as a mediator to bring these villages to an agreement.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's commitments to eradicate corruption through the CSC under the Digital India Mission and to deliver services to the households of the poor and to strengthen They have strengthened the entire cooperative system from PACS to Apex by establishing the Cooperation Department.
On the other hand, on the finding of the raid to collect trading licence in Bimola area, where it was found that there are Khasi girls who do not own the goods of foreigners, Bah Pyniaid said that this work has been conducted. He handed over to the Executive Member of Trade and officers to send a show cause to all.
Isn't this the permission of the Government or those in charge of the Government to do whatever they want?  According to the Meghalaya Police Act 2010, the Government has violated the rules by not appointing a Police Accountability Commission in accordance with Section 73(2) of the Act,” said KHNAM. against raising public questions and forcing the Government to answer is the Fundamental Political Rights of the people which comes directly from Article 19 of the Constitution of India and no Government can use the Police Force. to take away this right," the statement said.
The chief of staff of the EAC Air Force is a pilot of Jaguar and MiG-2
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) Meghalaya Unit today decided to nominate a candidate for the upcoming MP election.
He said too.
The Prime Minister said the government will not stand idly by in this regard but will take strong action to punish those who commit this crime.
The Central Executive Committee (CEC) of the United Democratic Party (UDP) led by its President Bah Metbah Lyngdoh has recently decided to submit to the State Election Committee (SEC) of the party to consider the proposal. regarding the decision on the candidates to contest from Shillong and Tura Parliamentary seats.
Shillong, July 30: BSF troops have arrested Tafujul Hussain, 23, from Karaigora village in South West Khasi Hills District.
This was announced by RN Parien President JSU and PL Majaw President JYF.
This documentary aims to raise awareness about the nation that is struggling between the remote region and the conflicts with others.
Welcome speech was delivered by Rangbah Oplysor Pyngrope, President of Seng Khasi Kmie, Rangbah Keringland Wahlang, President, Seng Khasi Lawbah, Rangbah Chandlok Dkhar, Chairman, Art and Culture Committee, Seiñ Raij Jowai and welcome speech. Mr. Hainess Marbaniang, General Secretary, Khasi Women's Association.
He said that there is no longer an invitation to the party leaders to speak but they have done their job and gone their own way. I don't know why.
Is it fair to blame only the youth even if it happens on this basis? Ask these questions.
The FKJGP expresses its surprise that these 16 foreigners, although they have violated the law without any protection against the spread of Corona virus, the Police Department has not done anything. They were released and went back to Silchar.
Replying to a supplementary question by Bah Blah, the EM said that the KHADC has called a tender for the repair of the winning houses at the Khasi Heritage Village in Mawphlang on 7/June/ The tender has been invited to Bah BP Thangkhiew but it has been more than a year since the work started.
Many people have died in this area.
He urged those who attended the celebration to work hard to strengthen the ethnic parties whether it is the HSPDP or UDP. the ethnic group as in the states of South India.
Shillong, Lber 12: The Pearl Jubilee Celebration of the Riti Academy of Visual Arts will be held on October 14, 2021 at MAD Gallery, Jaiaw Langsning.
Earlier, the Ministers sent the first complaint to the KHADC on 21st March, 2023 and the hearing was held on Tuesday arranged by the Dy.CEM of KHADC. Elaka Department of Bah Pynshngaiñ N.Syiem to investigate into these complaints of the Ministers against the Syiem.
On this occasion, the President of the party, Conrad K Sangma, said that Article 2 of the party's constitution states that the party will protect the customs and traditions of the minorities in India. The joining of Bah John to the party is important because he has become an advocate for the rights of the minorities.
“The Meghalaya Games gives us the opportunity to come together and bring glory to the state,” she added.
In 2014, the layoffs were from 5 Centers and in 2018, from 8 Centres.
Two days were allocated for the work of the government and one day for the opposition.
The donations that the group will send to the DC of West Garo Hills include new clothes, juti, baby food and diapers for the children.
Shillong, July 19: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong today announced that the three-day Pynibam Festival will be held at the North Eastern Hill University from 04th to 6th November. 2019.
The Chief Minister also expressed his gratitude to the Assam government for agreeing to conduct 50 tests at NEIGHRIMS. 150 tests per day and now 150 tests per day.
Tomorrow morning, they will continue to talk to other political party leaders from other states of India to seek their support to oppose the CAB, if the BJP brings it inside. Rajya Sabha in the current session.
The union has made it clear that it will continue to oppose the railway line until the government provides security measures against the entry of mynder into the state.
He said he is a skilled soldier in flying helicopters and has been in this field for up to 5000 hours. In 2003 he received the Visisht Seva Medal and in 2014 the Ati Visisht Seva Medal awarded by the President of India.
Shillong: Ka KSU EJHDU on 1st June 2024 has lodged a complaint with the DC against the foreign dew factories for not publishing advertisements in local newspapers. for.
On receiving a tip, police conducted a search operation and when the Sumo arrived at Umtyra, police seized the vehicle and conducted a search. Herion weighed 252 grams.
Mr Barisha Warjri, BsC Zoology 2nd Rank Holder, parents of students.
The BSF has seized soil from villages on the border with Bangladesh, from Lyngkhat, Pyrdwah, Umsyiem, Dawki, Kongwang and other districts.
The central theme of the meeting was to discuss the upcoming elections to the three Legislative Assemblies of the states, Nagaland, Tripura and Meghalaya. party of Cornad K Sangma.
Saraswati Kuri, 45, of Barapthar, was taken to Nazareth Hospital on 4/09/2020 and tested positive for COVID-1 at 4.30 am.
Shillong, Lber 03: Meghalaya Police today raided the house of Sabyasachi Pal Choudhury at Veronica Lane in Laitumkrah for his activities as an IPS officer.
She is studying at Umshyrpi College.
He spoke on the development of livelihoods in Arunachal Pradesh by giving an example of the construction of highways in the remote areas of the state and said that the Central Government will spend another T.50,000 crore. in the future.
Because the rule does not speak clearly, the rule has taken this opportunity to introduce amendments to the rules and to submit reports and request for more funds from the Executive Committee from the House. to bring about reform.
New Delhi, Nailar 14: India will celebrate its 75th Independence Day tomorrow, 2022 with 1082 policemen to be honored from across the states and Union Territories.
Mawryngkneng, July 29: The Hill Farmer Union (HFU) today explained to the public the demands sent to the government by the members of 1Farmer. Meghalaya Parliament.
I believe these are the fundamentals that cannot be replaced," he added.
WORD is ready to take responsibility if anything happens to the patients and the people of Umsning area. WORD will lodge a complaint today. They also urged the MLA and the Government not to take any action against the doctor even if she should be dismissed immediately from the hospital and replaced by others.
The meeting was conducted by the President of KSU Mawryngkneng Circle Riskhem Kharkamni and speeches were delivered by the Principals of both the schools and the Sordar of Mawryng.
Shillong, July 01: The Executive Engineer of MePDCL, Khliehriat today informed the public that the entire East Jaintia Hills District will not get light due to the construction of the sub-station at Moowakhu.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) led by General Secretary Bah Isaac Basaiawmoit on Thursday continued to raid and arrest drug users from 7:00 pm in Ïewduh and Motphran. Earthquake Stand.
The party also strengthened the office bearers of the district and the post of Adviser was appointed by Bah Balajied Synrem, Working President, Dr OS Jyrwa and Monarch Shabong, Vice President. Wellbirth Rani and others.
The pilgrims are reportedly in peace and are currently at the Indian Embassy in Tel Aviv.
“We have urged (NHIDCL) to improve the Shillong-Dawki road from Pynursla to Tamabil.
In 1973, Nathaniel Wyeth, a Du Pont engineer, invented the plastic bottles we use today.
“The Government should implement the Roster System from the year it issues the Office Memorandum (MO) or from the year the Government approves the Roster or the party should leave it at the discretion of the Government from the year Loius said the party does not agree with the demand of the Garo people to implement the Roster System since 1972 because it is biased. Only in the Garo community, this has led to the loss of jobs for the youth of the Khasi-Jaintia Hills.
The Minister also urged the residents of the state who feel that they have symptoms of COVID-19 to go to the health centers immediately. blocks, testing centers are also available.
Why go against the will of the people?
Sonowal also laid the foundation stone for the construction of two 50-bed Ayush hospitals at Mowamarirjhar in Kokrajhar and Silbari in Baksa.
The Minister said that through this scheme, the aim is to ensure the distribution of electricity in a more efficient and effective manner and the most important thing is to reduce the loss of electricity during the delivery. to the villages and if possible less than 18% would be good.
In the complaint, Muktiar K Paul said that the complaint was filed under Section 226 of the Constitution to appeal against the notice issued on 13/03/2020 issued by his office. Commissioner Secretary, Government of Meghalaya in charge of District Council Affairs and from the office of the Secretary of KHADC. The second announcement is to convene the House to hold the CEM election at 11.00 pm at the District Council Hall. on the 18th.
Meanwhile, Norrok's group, Krejing Marak, Dipendro Momin and Lakmen Sangma, have surrendered to the police today with Rs.
The Chief Minister said that those who tested positive for COVID-19 today after returning to the state have been placed in quarantine centres.
Mawklot Farmer Producer Company Limited was established in 2021. The company's mission is to help improve agriculture according to what they grow and to increase what they have grown.
The leader of the party said that from the very beginning of the day, the civil society groups have spoken and shown that they are ready to speak if the government listens but due to the misunderstanding. They also urged the civil society organizations to stand on their own grounds and demand from the government to protect the people of this state, the Khasi Garo and Jaintia.
This Award will also be given specially to all the students who are disabled and also those who have dropped out of school due to poverty.
Shillong, Lajong FC have decided to fight hard against West Bengal tomorrow morning.
Of all the books reviewed by the Committee, only the Health Education book has been approved, which is still being approved because it is better in this regard than these new books. .
The North East is rich in resources but how many universities visit these places as tourist destinations, you don't have to spend a lot of money or time, spend only 7 or 10 days to visit these places places in the country.
More than 1000 teachers took part in the protest by marching to demand that the government should increase their salaries or raise the schools to the deficit level.
New Delhi, November 10: The 54th edition of the International Film Festival of India (IFFI) has started with 75 filmmakers and directors selected from across India to participate in the third edition. Creative Minds of Tomorrow.
In a tweet, the Prime Minister of India tweeted today.
The visit was accompanied by staff of the French Office in Kolkatta, Bah C Alan Lyngdoh, Lyngdoh Mawphlang, Hima Mawphlang, Bah John F Kharshiing. , Chairman, The Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, bad Adviser & Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States.
On the other hand, he promised that the dorbar will work together to make this project a success.
Lakhon said that at the party meeting there was no discussion to leave the party, what they discussed was to strengthen the work of the party in all the constituencies and the party. The goal is to win more MLAs in
Regarding the teachers who have not yet received their salaries, not according to those who have passed special training, the government should pay them because the fault is not on their part but on the part of the teachers. NIOS, the government should think again regarding their salaries.
The Director General of Civil Defense and Home Guards, Meghalaya Kong I.Nongrang has awarded the Commendation Certificate, 2021 to seven Police CDs. MW Nongbri, Executive Director, State Disaster Management Authority (SDMA), C.Kharkongor, Secretary, Civil Defense & Home Guards, A Agarwal, Inspector General of Police. , CRPF, MK Sangma, Joint Director of Civil Defence, Meghalaya, Bah RP Khongwar, Bah V. Syiem, SP City. day.
He said the government will have to spend T.16.12 crore per annum.
The Rots were brought by the children of the Raij Tuber Kmai Shnong from 28 different villages of the country. Jaintia.
Talks between the union and the management on regularization and equal pay for equal work are ongoing and will continue.
In the complaint, the sister said that the doctor had published a book entitled “Trumpets from the Deep” published by Power Publishers Swabhumir. Kolkata West Bengal.
The heavy rainfall and strong winds in the past few days have claimed many lives and thousands of people have been affected.
Shillong, Nailur 22: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday unanimously decided to review the Khasi Social Custom Administration Bill, This comes after the Deputy Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem presented the report of the Executive Committee on the opening day of the two-day special session of the KHADC. After the report was submitted, the Leader of the Opposition, Bah Titos Chyne, stood up to express his opposition to the report submitted by the Dy CEM. because it is outside the jurisdiction of the House,” said Bah Titos.
Because they have the power when the people have judged them.
Guwahati, June 03: The Railway Protection Force (RPF) of NF Railway has arrested 23 robbers from train passengers this year
The writing in this book is that it has mislead the Khasi without knowing the facts and what has been misled, this is what affects the feeling of the Khasi people because it misleads about the Khasi in general. one country.
This care is that the armed forces have that responsibility for the families of the soldiers who serve their country.
Since 2015, the Department of Textiles has suspended the recruitment and examinations.
The Minister said that the government recently during the visit of the Minister of Home Affairs to Meghalaya, the state government has submitted a petition regarding the Inner Line Permit.
This has been a source of strength and encouragement to them to move forward in the midst of many struggles.
It is estimated that every year more than 23 lakh members will benefit from this amendment to Table D.Every year, lakhs of EPS members leave the scheme before they complete 10 years of investment for the sake of the old man.
The death toll has risen to four and the number of recoveries has risen to
On this occasion, there were performances by various groups especially a special performance by the people of Pynursla, a calcical performance from Kolkatta led by ICAR, and a song by the youth. the Center of Excellence in the state of Meghalaya.
The Deputy Commissioner said that at this meeting, the land owners will be informed and at the same time to hear from the land owners what they have to say. but if the owners of the land do not accept it, it will be a problem.
On the other hand, the Minister of State said that in this age, if there is no news, how can it be?
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has also estimated that 9 people have recovered from the disease today, 54 people are still suffering from the disease and 54 people are still in hospital. There are 17 people.
This ban has caused problems to the residents. The behavior of the villages is necessary to be vigilant as it has been prohibited by the Nongsynshar. Everyone in the community is afraid that those who have been infected with Covid-19 have had contact with friends before or in their homes. HYC Nongstoin Circle said that Nongstoin is the blood vessel of West Khasi Hills. “If it affects Nongstoin, it will affect everyone,” said the General Secretary HYC Nongstoin Circle. u Samla Redyfernandy sun.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The Meghalaya Government Lower Primary Contract Teachers Association (MGLPCSTA) today urged the government to consider the issue. for those teachers who did not pass the MTET examination which was held in July 2019 and the result was released on the Tuesday of this month.
It is on this basis that Bah Lawai has decided not to contest the MDC election in
Referring to the first rishot, the Prime Minister said the shortage of goods can be achieved through Aatmanirbharta.
The Union of Catholic Women of Shillong Archdiocese has handed over the Lama to the Spiritual Director and the announcement of the 6th General Assembly to be held in Zone 6 at Nongpoh.
The union today lodged a complaint with the police at Khapmara Police Out Post regarding this incident. you are not an illegal coal miner.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: On the demand of ASHA workers for PPEs, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, on Tuesday said that the ASHAs who need PPEs are only those who have to visit. those who may not have COVID-1
The General Secretary of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Donald V. Thabah on Friday urged the government not to harass and harass the members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU). other measures which may affect the peace and order and which may affect the powers of the government.
On the other hand, Samla Donald V. Thabah General Secretary of KSU CEC recalled that on 25th November 2019, the KSU RIST-USTM Unit was first established inside the shop. The KSU Sports Meet of the three universities was held inside the KSU Sports Meet hall of RIST-USTM. He also recalled that he was a student of NEHU through the KSU office in the presence of Samla Lambok Marngar. to identify many of the requirements for the translation of writings in relation to the requirements of the university to translate foreign languages ​​into native languages.
This year, the IFFI Cine-mela has been introduced where those who come to the IFFI can enjoy themselves while celebrating films, paintings, handicrafts, food and others.
When attempting to talk to many youths, they refused to talk about this problem.
According to Article 19, Indians are allowed to reside in any part of India, but in the same Article 19, sub clause 19(5) states that the State may create a state. The law to protect the hill tribes is only within the Sohra Hima where non-Khasis are allowed to buy land.
He directed the States and UTs to ensure that every electorate gets to exercise their rights without fear or intimidation.
T.19044 for 5814 LP teachers and T.20493 for 6727 UP teachers. Under this new scheme of the Central Government, the salary of LP teachers will be T. 5000/- and for UP teachers the central government will pay T.20000/- and the remaining amount will have to be paid by the state government according to the 14th budget of the Finance Commission, he said.
When more women are involved in key roles, our priorities will be more tailored to the needs of the population.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare replied that the Tura Medical College should have been completed in 2021 but for unavoidable reasons it has been postponed to June
Therefore, you must be able to answer them.
Jowai, Naiutng 04: The General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Achick National Movement (HANM), Bah Damoni S Dkhar, has criticized the Chief Executive Member of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (HANM), Bah MB Rymbai. In another incident, HANM President Bah Lamphrang Kharbani has been arrested by the police on a complaint by Carolin Nongrum. with her daughter over the phone.
Although the Act has been released for implementation in the states covered by the Inner Line Permit (ILP) including Mizoram, Nagaland and Manipur as well as in the states under the Article 10 of the Constitution, India which includes 98% in Meghalaya, 70% in Tripura and 8 districts of Assam but 27 districts of Assam have not been released at all.
Under the MCRM Act of 2012, there is a provision under Section 2(b) which states that the marriage law covers all those who claim to have any marriage certificate regardless of their race or ethnicity. The religion of those who have completed their customs and traditions and have remarried is marriage, but the word marriage is not in the law.
And neighboring countries.
In his speech, Dr BDR Tiwari gave information on the history of Goa and Telangana by explaining their strengths and achievements.
The union has urged all government offices including banks and financial offices to honor this special day of the jaitbynriew, the days which the state government has declared as a holiday to honor the great men.
Besides the speakers, Wahh Toi Secretary of Seiñ Raij Jowai, Dr. BS Challam, Rev. HH Mohrmen and Mr. Wyraiki Kharbuki, there were also patriotic songs by the youth of Dulong and a short play. about the village of Loompyrdi Yongpiah.
Speaking to reporters after inspecting the new road from Khyndailad to Motphran, Bah Nongrum said that the traffic jam in Shillong is such that the government has not been able to relocate it. to the people who live in Themmotor.
He added that the training focused on physical strength, fighting techniques and information sharing in the forest fighting.
Other states in India have implemented this Act, and Sikkim and others have implemented the ILP, therefore it would be wrong to say that in Meghalaya it is not. which is acceptable.
They said.
On 2nd June, the cleaning of the ground floor and cleaning of unnecessary equipment and documents was done by various departments of NEIGRIHMS. From 2nd to 15th June , health training was given to the patients and caregivers by the staff of NEIGRIHMS during the opening hours of the OPD. Health experts from NEIGRIHMS on this Swachhta Pakhwada On the 5th of June, the Swachhta Conference, “Hygeia 2019” was held at NEIGRIHMS Auditorium. In which the cleanliness staff of various educational institutions took part with great enthusiasm.
The districts with the highest number of cases are East Garo Hills with 6 cases, East Jaintia Hills with 3 cases, East Khasi Hills with 220 cases, Ri Bhoi with 5 cases, South Garo Hills with 1 case and West Garo Hills with , West Jaintia Hills 2, West Khasi Hills 3 persons.
They demanded that the governments of Meghalaya and Assam should do something to curb these crimes.
In this incident, the truck collided with a taxi number ML05 G
The struggle of the people of Meghalaya for independence is right and it is the vision of the leaders to get a special recognition of their culture and traditions. I don't think this is our state.
Shillong, Naitung 01: There have been 13 new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 9 cases in Ri Bhoi, 1 case in South West Garo Hills and 1 case in West Garo Hills. Garo Hills 1, 82 cases have been confirmed.
Shillong, Lber 27: The government has announced that shops in the villages around Shillong have opened in accordance with the government's directive to sell beverages to the public.
Speaking to reporters, he said, “I will not be able to join the Seng from now on due to internal problems which have not been resolved by the Seng leaders. Kmie until now.
According to sources, more than 25 people were injured in the attack by the Assam police. Which is exactly why the Assam police came to attack this village.
The seizure of these goods was due to the hard work of the BSF troops on the border with Bangladesh. The seized goods were handed over to the Customs for further investigation. need.
There are 22 recoveries from five districts, East Garo Hills 1, East Jaintia Hills 2, East Khasi Hills 7, Eastern West Khasi Hills 3 and North Garo Hills. Two cases have been reported from Hills, three from Ri Bhoi, one from West Garo Hills and three from West Khasi Hills.
Prof. Dr Sarman Singh, Dir, AIIMS Bhopal congratulated the students who have donated so far.
“As responsible citizens of this country, we demand the perpetrators to be punished.
Other parties have rejected the NPP BJP only six months before the election.
Two vehicles were damaged, one truck (AS-01-DC-6297) and the other (AS-01-CC-9187).
Bah Sanbor, who has led many times, said that leaders or MPs from other parties cannot do much in the Legislative Assembly which has about 400 members according to their research and information. source of information.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Pyniaid said that the preparations for the festival have started from the repair of the trep houses and also to beautify the footpaths.
Therefore, the Seng urges the electricity department to take action to repair this transformer as soon as possible so that there will be no more interruption in the supply of electricity to Mawlum. This is according to a statement sent by Samla Brostar Khongsit President KSU Mawlum Tyrsad Unit.
Three members of the committee, Adelbert Nongrum MLA, HS Shylla and Geral Sharlly, will be invited to the meeting.
The topics to be discussed at the meeting are the pension, their care and the employment of those who have retired. and the commanders of the army that day.
In his speech, Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman of the organization, said that people from Europe and different parts of India come to Shillong for medical treatment. and they gave him medicine.
India’s strong pressure on Government investment to attract individual and private investment – ​​as highlighted in the budget – will open up opportunities for investment from the UAE that will help the the growth of India.
In a petition signed by President Reuben Najiar and Secretary Jason Laloo, the union also submitted a letter stating that the Forest Department has given permission only to build the temple on November , 1923.
In his speech, Process said that the BJP government has said that if it comes to power within 180 days, they will release the coal. There is a conflict between the PHE and the PWD and the problem goes to the people when these two government departments conflict. The government should resolve this issue.
“...........
On the other hand, the party requests the paradoh Parasnam from the district to support this young man from the area so that he can reap the fruits of victory.
The MLA of 17-Shillong North has donated these items to the places of worship where the believers can wash their hands before entering the places of worship. Please don't worry about the COVID-19 pandemic.
Shillong, Iaiong 18: Due to the overcrowding of people selling in the areas of Market Duh and Mawlong Market, which has caused traffic jam and also the collapse of the market. especially those who come to buy and sell in the market areas.
More than 40 youths from 12 villages of Mylliem Lum area through various sports clubs under the auspices of the Mylliem Lum Sports Association (MLSA) attended the training. ).
Speaking on India's commitment to net-zero, he said the North East could become a powerhouse in hydropower generation.
It is to be recalled that this happened on Tuesday morning when a bloody child was found wrapped in plastic and thrown into a garbage collection vehicle inside the village. Mount Shyiap.
The journalists arrived in Guwahati yesterday and were welcomed with traditional customs.
He said that what happened in the rule of the Syiem in the Hima Mawsynram should no longer be called the rule of the Syiem U Kmie, but it has now become the rule of the Syiem Mraw.
Those who violate or commit offenses under the EC Act are illegal and can be sentenced to imprisonment for up to 7 years or a fine or both.
The main issues that the commission will look into during its three-day visit to Assam will be on social and income from 2016-2017, on the income of the state from agriculture. light.
Shillong, March 03: Following the strong opposition from the residents of Nonghali village, against the plan of the state government through the Urban Affairs Department for the purchase of land for the collection of garbage, the union The Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HYM) today submitted a petition to the Minister of Urban Affairs.
Such yoga programs have also been conducted by Doordarshan Center Shillong and Tura for the employees of these offices at various Doordarshan Studio Complexes.
His violation of the procedure can be easily forgiven because the end justifies the means, especially since he is no longer in service, that is, he has retired from his job because of the force behind him from above is too strong as I suspect because it may be the exploitation of the weakness of he.
Shillong, Nailur 09: There are 16 new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 7 in North Garo Hills, 1 in Ri Bhoi, 6 in West Jaintia Hills. Hill 1.
Martin M Danggo MLA of this area on learning of the incident this morning rushed to the scene to inspect for himself, so that the relief measures can be provided to the people more quickly.
Shillong, November 29: Congress MLAs including Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, George B Lyngdoh, Himalaya Shangpliang, Monhendro Rapsang, Azad Saman and Shitlang Pale visited the crematorium. coal mine at Lumthari in East Jaintia Hills District to inspect the coal mine which has killed 15 people.
Furthermore, the Seng strongly condemns these actions of these criminals or exploiters who have lost their lives. The Seng demands that the authorities should take action against them. The perpetrators of these acts shall be investigated and arrested immediately and shall be severely punished.
“Never before or anyone has visited our school or village even after 100 years of service of this school.
Speaking to reporters, Adrian said the Congress is against the implementation of the CAA across the country ahead of the Lok Sabha elections to divide the citizens of the country into two parts. the name of the religion.
In a letter sent today, KHNAM informed the CEM that KHNAM has already conducted an inspection of commercial taxis in Shillong which were driven by foreigners and found that one of the drivers was The taxi does not have a labor license.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Moonshine Shadap, President of the HYC North Khasi Hills. of the Mawdem Unit.
Shillong, November 11: The foundation stone of the first Medical College in Meghalaya will be laid by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today.
He said that the overcrowding of the jail has caused problems to the prisoners and I would like to get clarification from the Minister on the measures taken by the government to improve the situation. “The Government has already approved the construction of the Shillong District Jail for the purpose of relieving the overcrowding. T.8,46,45,000 crore and on behalf of PWD (Building has already met all the requirements in relation to the tender).
The Government has sent a notification on the appointment of an Expert Committee to review the Reservation Policy in the State.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: U Pildiana Kharbuki has lodged a complaint with the Laban Police Station that on the 25th of this month at 8.30 am she received a letter demanding T.50 lakh from a person. you don't know.
Shillong, November 05: The Ministry of Food Processing Industries (MoFPI) today approved the proposal to plant only one crop in one district under the “PM Formalisation” scheme. of Micro Food Processing Enterprises Scheme”.
Shillong, Lber 16: Replying to the adjournment motion moved by the opposition, Miani D Shira and George B Lyngdoh, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said that the The spread of COVID-19 has now shocked the people of the state.
During his visit, the Governor, after meeting with the government officials working in Sohra Civil Sub Division, also visited the Ramakrishna Mission and met with the Governor. to the students of this school.
Shillong, Nailar 07: The residents of Ri Bhoi West have been facing problems from time to time due to the lack of light and for four days now they have been without electricity in Ri Bhoi West.
The meeting was convened by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to explain to the public about the Intensified Diarrhea Control Fortnight 2018 at Mawlaingut Village, Diengiei, East Khasi Hills. Hills District.
To address the water demand in Shillong, the New Shillong Water Supply Scheme will be implemented by the PHE Department. works and in thirty-two neighboring towns.
: The HiTO Nongthymmai Circle last month in the presence of its President Bah Donbok Dkhar honored the youths who have brought fame and glory to Meghalaya in the Sambo tournament. The 14th National Sambo Championship 2023-24 will be held in Haryana.
The Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Nongkwar, Bah Moonstar Nongrum on Tuesday inaugurated the Together Strong Gym at Block-11 in Mawlai Nongkwar.
Hek said that during the meeting with Bah Paul, the EM in charge of trade within the KHADC promised to examine the documents of those people whose shops have been closed down. within a week to see what can be done.
Shillong, Lber 16: MeECL will have to pay the loan from the Atmanirbhar Bharat Abhiyan after three years. : Answering a question by Bah Mohendro Rapsang regarding the arrival of tourists, the Chief Minister, Cornad K Sangma, Minister in charge of Tourism, said that there have been 26123 tourists.
The venues for the re-examination can be found on the SSC website. For those who are over the age of 18, they are allowed to take the examination, but only for those who have passed. write before.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: The Catholic Church on this month every year holds the Eucharistic Procession at the Parsih Laitumkhrah Cathedral. in a religion where all are one in the Lord Jesus.
The company has signed an agreement with the insurance companies, in case of any accident, the driver will receive T.50000/- for medical treatment and the resident will receive T.30000/- for medical treatment. If there is a tragic incident, they will get 500,000 passengers and passengers.
Before the construction of any road, a Detailed Project Report (DPR) has been prepared for three roads before they start implementation. different to implement them.
“Near the Sikkim Manipal Institute of Technology, the earthquake has started and in our college too but it has not been as bad as elsewhere,” she said.
The tournament was inaugurated by the Vice President of the Seng, Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh in the presence of members of the Dorbar Shnong Malki and guests.
India on the other hand continues to show a decrease in the number of cases in the past 10 years.
This tree planting will be done across the state of Meghalaya.
“You cannot just make it a political issue,” he said, adding, “we need to focus on the main development projects and not on such projects.
There is a lack of education in some villages.
Among the 11, Alin Chingza sustained head injuries.
“What happens when the Police arrest and falsely accuse the owner of the house? While the HNLC can retaliate by kidnapping or killing those suspected of being police officers, we, as the HNLC, refrain from such actions without sufficient evidence. ," he added.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Michel Syiem said that the RTI is the source of information if there is corruption, the Lokayukta Act has been introduced as the source of information. Corruption If found through RTI, anyone who misuses public money will be punished according to the law and can also be imprisoned and their property will be confiscated.
According to the petition, the HNYM has demanded that the government should immediately stop the proposal to purchase the land at Nonghali village in Lumsohlait area.
On the other hand, Bah Lyngdoh urged the youth and school children who are the future to take responsibility to teach others for the sake of preserving the environment. clean.
Regarding the traffic jam in Shillong, Ms Nongrang said that all this is due to the lack of improvement of roads in Shillong for decades since Meghalaya got its own state.
Lots of activities have happened here and this has made everyone happy and proud.
This action of the government is only to incite the people to fight against the rights of the people.
The Bill was rejected by the President of India under Article 201 of the Constitution of India.
In terms of treatment through its dispensaries, 37,077 people have been treated and T.1,16,18774 has been spent.
In 2015, on the occasion of the 125th birth anniversary of Dr. Ambedkar, Chairman of the Drafting Committee of the Constitution, the Central Government declared 26th November as a special day. of the Constitution.
Up to 372 players, from 10 years old to adults, from different districts came to participate in this tournament.
Mairang, Naiwieng 21: In order to comply with the provisions of the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act, 1960, all residents of Eastern West Khasi Hills District have been informed that any form of cruelty is prohibited. and beating animals as a metaphor for cattle.
He said that only the TMC has brought the issues of Meghalaya to Delhi to convey and the aim of the TMC is to bring about change in the state.
This meeting of the Governor with the Prime Minister of India is very important because in such meetings it is not just a visit to meet as an honor but they always talk about the issues related to the Prime Minister of India. economic development and stability in the state.
Shillong, Naitung 31: The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Bah M Dopth, today informed the public that he has called a public hearing on 6th November 2018 at Wapung Secondary School to get the opinion of many churches. on the proposal to relocate the Block headquarters from Wapung to Lumshnong.
Shillong, Iaiong 11: A two-day meeting of the Chiefs of Army Staff of the North Eastern Region of India concluded today in Shillong.
Speaking at the opening ceremony of the one-day training for government officials, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma said that the availability of technology in this era has helped to speed up the work of providing assistance. to the people to the villages.
Shillong, March 29: The Shillong Municipal Board and students of MLCU today held a game at Motphran to raise awareness on the importance of cleanliness in the villages. .
He said that as of now, the price of jhur, Kubi, Sohsaw, Phan has dropped too much. The government should have set the price of jhur for the farmers. They will not be cut down as they are now, he said. These areas are the ones that produce the most jhur.
Shah urged all states to reduce the gap between revenue collection and expenditure and said Manipur, Assam, Nagaland and Tripura have taken good steps in this regard.
Shillong, July 10: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya today convened a meeting with the Deputy Commissioners of the three districts, South Garo Hills, West Garo Hills and South West Garo Hills in Tura to discuss the issue. There are three districts in the country.
Happiness said that it was not the ones who whited the scroll sheet, it was not the ones who took the interview, or gave the marks but now they have accused them and dismissed them without considering them. everything.
The Chief Minister on Tuesday visited the construction of the road and the Hamilton Sangma Stadium at Bakenang Nalsa. Pongseng R Marak MLA, Kharkutta MLA Rupert Momin and former Bajengdoba MDC.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has demanded that the Central Government and the State Government should implement the Inner Line Permit in Meghalaya. work to meet any challenges.
Shillong, July 04: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today announced that three cases of Omicron have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills District and two cases in Ri Bhoi District.
Sister Udaya said that Sister Bl.
There are 5 recoveries from East Garo Hills, 1, 2 from Ri Bhoi and 2 from South West Garo Hills. all the numbers are
The Ministry of Youth Affairs has set a target of collecting and disposing of 1 crore kilograms of plastic waste through Swachh Bharat
According to the Ministry of Labour & Employment, the PMMY has helped create 1.12 crore jobs from 2015 to
He said it is necessary to inform the Special Peoples Parliament and the children of the thousands of the success and victory of the three sessions of the Dorbar Ri for the first time. 64 years after the authority of the Constitution of India under Article 338, the National Commission for Schedule Tribes (NCST) issued a judgment on 17 August 1948, on April 2012, which directed the Union Ministry of Tribal Affairs, Government of India to take the necessary measures to implement these commitments agreed by the Government of India and the Hima Khasi States.
The union will demand that the government should look into the villagers where the money has been allocated.
The meeting was opened by Bah P Kharkongor, Principal Secretary to the State Government.
The Western Ri Bhoi Dorbar and other political parties have demanded that the government should upgrade the Administrative Unit Patharkhmah to a Civil Sub Division. Jirang constituency and ended only at the meeting at the secretariat.
She urged the government to provide assistance to them as many of the ASHAs are only volunteers and they have to leave their jobs and even their children.
The installation of these solar lights will benefit Umniuh Tmar and Thangsngi villages.
The Prime Minister said that this decision is important because through this decision the ownership of the land has been confirmed. The Development and Regulation Act 1957 and the Minerals Concession Rule 1960 and the decision of the National Green Tribunal will no longer exist.
Not only that, but when we turn to the road connecting Iooksi and Umsalait Sahsniang villages through the Mynsar River, we see the suffering of the residents of both these villages.
In this line of fighting, four militants were shot dead, four were injured and one was arrested alive.
He said that the youth today are the ones who free the people from the slavery of poverty and illiteracy.
Shillong, March 12: The High Court has convicted two persons, Abdul Karimb and Shabnam Parveen, for robbery. because of your drunkenness.
According to the advertisement released on 30.10.2023, there are two vacancies for the post of Library Assistant, one for Unreserved Category and one for ST Category. Candidates There are no names of candidates from the Khasi-Jaintia category although they have applied for the post.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, has written in the 'X' that the President of India will visit Meghalaya for two days, on 15/1/2024 in Tura and on 16/1/2 don't go to Shillong.
Speaking to reporters, the Congress leader who is also the former Chief Minister of the state said that his visit to Kolkata was for personal purposes and not for the purpose of There is a meeting with the TMC leaders as reported in the media.
With the implementation of this DBT, there will be no more cash payments, but the money of those who deserve it will be paid directly to their bank accounts and this will help to speed up the payment of the money of those who are not entitled to it.
She said that many of the companies that Gautam Adani has bought have been through money he has borrowed tens of thousands of crores from banks, but to pay back the money it takes about three years, Nirav said. Modi, and Lalit Modi.
On this occasion, the students of the Nonglait Kur who have passed well in their examinations at various levels from Matric to MBBS Doctor were also honoured. Led by Bah M Lyngdoh Nonglait, the day was enriched by the songs of the school children and the participation of the Nonglait Kur.
According to information received, the robbers forcibly locked the door with silver and when they entered the temple, they robbed the sacred objects of the church and stole the money. by the parishioners of the church, flower pots and some of the items used for the special service.
The session will be held for three days, the 11th, 13th and 14th.
Regarding the working hours , he said that they should be sent to work five hours a day so that they can get a salary of T.7500 tyngka per month , not to work two or three hours and be paid only T. 2500 per month.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Kynsaibor Kharkongor President Yuva Utsav of Mawryngkneng. The theme of the meeting was to promote economic development in India, to eradicate the spirit of slavery, to be proud of what we have and to bring unity to India.
On this occasion, a march was held in Mawlai which started from Mawlai Nonglum from Thangkhiew Petrol Pump in which many school children came to take part.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem and other MDCs from the People's Democratic Forum (PDF) today met with the Governor of Meghalaya. and the President at the Raj Bhavan.
According to the report as of 1.4.2012, all the villages have received drinking water.
Zenith M Sangma MLA said in the House that there was no provision in the social agreement which said that you have to pay money.
However, even though they have been stripped of their power and promoted in front of the people, they don't understand their own position.
The sponsors of this magazine are Abhik D Arengh, Rongkhon Baptist Church, Limberth G Momin, Pastor Chunmati Local Baptist Church, Bluwin Ch Sangma, Pastor Teksagre Baptist Church, Prewil Ch Marak, Mission Secretary, Upper Darengre Local Baptist Church from Tura.
The failure to open the stadium has caused a great loss to the youth of the district.
When asked by the Synroplang Self Help Group which operates the JNURM buses why they have not set aside seats in the buses for those with disabilities, the Synroplang Self Help Group replied that MUDA has not sent any letter to them.
“The KSU has congratulated the Executive Committee of the ARPA under the leadership of Bah Ardent and the MDCs of KHADC for visiting Umwang and Sabuda villages in Block-II. border with Assam to listen to the voice of the people who have informed the KHADC regarding the attack by the Karbi armed groups who used to attack the Khasi people living in these villages.
The government is very concerned about this issue.
Shillong: Dr KK Paul has given his approval to the construction of the Directorate of Anti-Infiltration, Meghalaya with its headquarters in Shillong.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner said that all government offices, schools and courts will be closed on the scheduled date.
In Wa.
During the inspection, it was found that many of the foreign shops did not have a Trading License and there was one foreigner who had been trading illegally for about 15 years without a Trading License.
This will ensure that the promotion of information about people who have booked online in advance of their vaccination appointment and status information about their vaccination is free of errors.
The program was also held to disseminate information on various aspects of Yoga and also to promote the counting of the days before IDY-2022 for the sake of health and well-being.
The teams that will take part in the first tournament are Touchline NE, Langsning Greenergy, United Gorkha FC, Nongthymmai Football Grassroots Centre, Eugeneson Lyngdoh's Team, Kick Start Football Academy, Nongtrai Sports Club, Littlestar Academy, The Baby League was organized in collaboration with three philanthropic organisations, the Tata Trusts, the MFA and the All India Football Federation. AIFF).
The NF Railway has deployed personnel of the NDRF, Assam Rifle and Air Force to evacuate the people stranded at these two Railway Stations with the cooperation of the villagers.
The distribution of vaccines will be conducted according to the procedures at the Government of India vaccination centers where those who are eligible for the vaccine will be vaccinated. 19 and those over 45 years of age.
During the one-hour meeting between the Chief Minister of Meghalaya and the Prime Minister of Bangladesh, Cornad said that Bangladesh has food processing factories and Meghalaya has food processing factories. the crops that cannot be traded.
Shillong, Lber 28: The Meghalaya government has seen a statement by the GNLA which has appeared in the media which has authorized the government for three days. The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, has written a D.O letter to the Minister of Home Affairs to demand that the Government should set up a ceasefire agreement with the GNLA. He also suggested the names of people who can do this work to talk peace with the GNLA. He also urged the Union Home Minister to expedite the peace talks. for the purpose of bringing peace and stability in the state.
The Dorbar Shnong Laitkor Mawrie Lumheh on Tuesday decided to give six months to foreigners to marry foreigners. to relocate their business activities to other places and also to leave the boundary of the village.
This is to train themselves to write the CUET Exam conducted by the NTA which is the main exam before our students enter the higher ranks of academics.
“In recent years, space technology has come into all spheres of life and because of this there is a huge demand for space related services with many job opportunities.
This allegation is not only against MeECL but also against the Electricity Department. These problems happened during the tenure of James as Minister of Electricity. the Department of Energy.
He said the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council has already passed a bill to ban Garo women and men from marrying non-members.
“We respect the promise of the DC and if there is no progress, the KSU will start taking other paths,” said Ohibait Dkhar (President KSU JHDU).
NPP MP Agatha A Sangma has won the Tura parliamentary seat while Congress leader Vincent H. Pala has won the Shillong parliamentary seat.
On the other hand, the civil society groups alleged that the illegal timber traders stole the vehicle for T.10,000/- tyngka.
Within 24 hours, the leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) have raided a slum illegally occupied by foreigners on the grounds of the Shillong Cantonment Board (SCB) outside the area. Iewmawlong, MeECL on Thursday sent its employees to cut off the electricity supply from the houses that have been stolen from the area.
Dedication and hard work have improved the quality of education in the state, he said.
He sent a request to the friends and relatives who have a sympathetic spirit to help as much as possible to the family of Rilinda Khmah who lives in Nongkynrih, Raid Nongkynrih.
In addition, programs related to hygiene and health have been launched through various programs such as Yoga, AYUSH, Fit India.
The Chief Minister's Secretary, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the teachers' venue has been relocated due to the presence of COVID-19 tests at the Secretariat. .
Robertjune Khajahrin President of the HYC said that they cannot help but express and the Federation of Khasi State has been talking about this issue from time to time.
“The arrival of the Amur Falcon is a blessing not only to this area but to the state as a whole and I urge you to take care and welcome them with kindness to promote economic development. through tourism”, said Bah Martin M Dango.
This was announced by Bah Pusterwell Disiar, Organizing Secretary.
Hek said the government has also decided to deliver food items not only to those who are undergoing isolation at home but now the government will also send food items to those who are staying at the corona center. .
Former Union Minister of State for Child Development KJ Alphons also came to Guwahati to accompany the body of the Archbishop.
Police have arrested these suspects from different parts of Shillong today.
Nongstoin, July 10: The Hynniewtrep People's Social Organization (HPA) West Khasi Hills District, one of the organizations in charge of the development of the area, has found that there is a need for a C&RD Block in the area. Rambrai is located in the 33rd Constituency of Rambrai District.
“International organizations such as the United Nations can lead the way to deliver resources to all.
There are five districts in the 2-Tura (ST) Parliamentary District. The number of voters according to the districts is East Garo Hills 106863 lakh, West Garo Hills 376256 lakh, South Garo Hills 102951 lakh and North Garo Hills. Garo Hills 136763 lakh, South West Garo Hills 103323 lakh.
In this struggle for independence, the people of the North East of India took part in the fight against the British for independence but the same government did not change the law. of the people of this region of India.
Regarding religion, the BJP has not imposed any restrictions on religion. All people can worship freely. It is the BJP government that has sent Indian leaders to the Vatican to discuss the issue. participated in the consecration of Mother Teresa.
On the other hand, the ADE said that instead of planting more trees, the GHADC wants to cut down the trees that have been planted. heavy this is the opposite of the fight to preserve the environment.
He said that during their visit to inspect, they have received complaints from the people and said that many of these quarries do not have permits. The party will fight to close down these illegal quarries and quarrying sites.
He spoke about the Ayushman Bharat Digital Health Mission and Digital Health ID which will provide immediate information on the health of the people and improve services in hospitals.
This headcount was previously 100 crore and has now been increased to 4 crore.
En bloc- Synroplang which is a coalition of members of the Legislative Assembly to support any important social work which should be through the laws governing society in the state.
The welcome speech was delivered by the Additional Director of Higher and Technical Education, A Ali Nagi.
Financing for climate action, nature-based solutions and the relevance of adaptations to the future of business.
The office bearers of Phlangkynshi Circle include President A Marwangar, Vice President LK Nohriang, Secretary MCK Nohriang, Assistant Secretary T Shylla, Treasurer Budstar Dewsaw, Adiser Phailang Marngar and Rev. HW Nongbsaw. .
On that day, the amount of money in the bank was Rs 71 lakh but the robbers managed to steal only Rs 1.5 lakh as the storage area was very strong and it was difficult to cut.
“Every mother, brothers, sisters and daughters of the country are VIPs before me.
Nongstoin, Naitung 13: The Rambrai Circle, West Khasi Hills District, has expressed its deep sorrow over the problems faced by the staff of Rambrai PHC since the departure of Dr. Basaiamoit as incharge. Looking at the PHC together with the staff of the PHC, we as the union see that it is good for the Dr as well as the staff to provide services for the people of the area.
Regarding the parking spaces, Rgh DL Nongbri said that at this time it has been prepared thoroughly and urged the relatives to cooperate with the assistants. whereby they shall believe and obey the instruction to them to park their vehicles in the places which have been prepared.
Speaking to reporters, Banrilang Pyngrope said that the Secretary to the Home Ministry has informed that the government has already issued the Office of Memorandum of Understanding (MoU). The new website of the State Government has not been published yet and has not been available on the Official Website of the State Government.
The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (NPP) Government led by the National People's Party (NPP) has refused to pay attention to the construction of the Nongpoh, Umden and Sonapur roads. Bindas Syiem alone, the residents of Ribhoi District, has turned up to sit in front of the Main Secretariat on Friday.
Even the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has warned against the impact of school bags on the health of school children, although they have suggested that school bags should not weigh more than 10 percent of the body of the child. The committee also recommended to set only three subjects per day, two periods for one subject, and many other recommendations, which the state government of Maharashtra has implemented.
Other discussions in the Cabinet today include the appointment of three Government Spokespersons, the Prime Minister and Deputy Prime Minister Ampareen Lyngdoh, Paul Lyngdoh and Marcuise N Marak is a Cabinet Minister.
Shillong, Naitung 08: Answering a question by Carnes Sohshang regarding the purchase of land in Mawkyrwat, the Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) said that in but the islands are not in the office.
According to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, so far 139 people have been tested and out of these, only 44 have been positive.
Tura, Nailar 13: Members of the VDP and residents of Seenpara village under Dalu police station in South West Garo Hills have arrested two suspected smugglers. and Bangladesh.
There are 348 illegal logging factories in the state and out of these 275 have been closed down and the PAC has ordered that all illegal logging factories should be closed down. are in the entire state.
Crime has increased and the prevalence of drugs is also high and bad incidents happen at night.
After the dismissal, the government has transferred both the teachers to other schools.
It may be recalled that Bah K Comet Rymbai has passed away suddenly as the full Doloi of Jowai Elaka and the Elaka has been temporarily without a full Doloi. The counting of votes will be held on the 17th of this month.
Like Sanjib Sarkar, the company congratulates and congratulates him for his immediate opportunity to meet Amitabh Bachan.
My struggle with my fellow CEC members now is to stand for the right and the truth and not to want to be president.
Lalruatiana Fanai from Mizoram was elected as Speaker, Mr Jones Ingti Kathar (Rtd IAS) as Deputy Speaker from Assam and Peter Twiprasa from Tripura as Assembly Secretary.
The people have been demanding the ILP for decades and they have not demanded to discriminate against anyone but to protect themselves and the nation from foreigners who enter the country without proper documents or to become citizens of the country. We demand a law recognized by the Constitution of India, not a Sovereign State or our own flag and Constitution.
In a letter signed by the President of the party, Bah Lambok Marngar and Bah Donal V Thabah, General Secretary of the party, they said, “We are surprised to learn that the government land, It is the responsibility of MUDA that the land opposite the gate of NEIGRIHMS has been given to the governments of other states to build houses.
On the other hand, the DC of North Garo Hills said that the bus carrying the passengers is not only for the passengers of North Garo Hills but also for the passengers from East Garo Hills. The bus will go to Baghmara from Hills and South Garo Hills.
He said the BJP can buy some leaders and some of them have joined the NPP. The Chief Minister said that if you elect the NPP, it is like electing the BJP. He said that these two parties will not be able to bring about change in Meghalaya.
“Because of the Model Code of Conduct, I have spoken to the Home Secretary by telephone and asked a question and the answer is that this has been done through the Revised Uniform Guide Line.
“Unfortunately, this teacher who teaches in Larnai, has been teaching for only 24 days, only 33 days, which is sad on the part of the union.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah John F Kharshiing said that the State Government is working to complete the construction of the JN Stadium at Polo.
The union would also like to express to the government that the railway line should not be urgent but should bring first the development of the people of the area in terms of roads, health, education and so on.
The purpose of this program is to develop and ensure that the people of Meghalaya benefit from various schemes of the Central Government and benefit fully through the distribution of schemes and to ensure the benefits of the people of the state through this programme.
Jowai, Jymmang 20: After many years of suffering due to the lack of electricity especially due to the lack of electricity in Iooksi village, but now with the initiative of the village leaders of Iooksi village Under the leadership of the Secretary Shnong, Histokrist Pachiang and the Rangbah Shnong, Monbait Tyngkan, the village has been able to get clean and bright electricity.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills has enforced Section 144 CrPC throughout the district which prohibits the gathering of more than three persons.
The BJP has accepted that the Congress' donation to the newspaper is not a job. bad.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, said that after discussions with the District Council leaders, the government has announced that it will implement the CrPC and CPC in this regard. He explained that the District Council Courts shall continue their functioning in accordance with the provisions of paragraphs 4 and 5 of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
“The HYC has a Constitution which is the foundation of the Seng. As Samla Rangbah we should know that the people of the Jaidbynriew are waiting for us whether we have our own foundation. Apart from bad habits, we must show the Rangbah thought, we must love ourselves, our parents, our brothers and sisters, our society, our community and our nation as a whole,” said Samla Rhembor G. Cyber.
He has no right to interfere in the affairs of Meghalaya in connection with the upcoming parliamentary elections.
Even in the central government jobs the personal interview has been abolished and other states have followed suit, so why does the Government of Meghalaya still conduct personal interview on these posts or grades and should be abolished? and the appointment shall be holy.
Besides, a ball game was held between the BSF and BGB, a ball game, a group bike race on the occasion of Teachers' Day and there were also rain showers. tradition that started in May and they will conclude in November 2022.
In addition, journalists must have an Identity Card issued by a newspaper, TV channel or digital channel or an Accreditation Card issued by DIPR. MEPA will write to DIPR on this issue so that the public will not be misled by people who pretend to be journalists or journalist.
The names of the candidates who have filed from different constituencies are as follows.
The people of this village are farmers and many of them live in poverty, but they don't have the means to turn anywhere.
Roshan Warjri received the award of Health and Family Welfare, Higher and Technical Education, Law and Corporation, Clemet Marak received the award of Forest and Environment, Social Welfare, Sericulture and Weaving.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that it would be better if the opposition should speak in the House if they have any issues, not just in the media. .
“This practice leads to the destruction of the ecosystems in the water bodies, rivers and pollutes the environments of these rivers.
Prestone said Meghalaya has the potential to generate up to 3000 mw but at present it can generate only 250 mw and this agreement between the government and NEEPCO will bring about a change in the world. in the allocation of funds for development projects in the state.
“Attempts to introduce a system of working to focus on one principle, by violating the principle of the existence of other religions or to be intolerant of any religion in the rule of the Government.
The GNC also elected the new office bearers of the party. The wife of Clifford R Marak, Kalpana D Sangma, was elected as the president of the party. Augustine R Marak and Haringston R Marak have been elected as Vice Presidents and Henysing A Sangma as General Secretary.
He started his education from St. John's School, Jakhong and completed his Matriculation from St. Thomas Higher Secondary School, Mairang.
However, the total number of cases has reached 735 of which 124 cases have been cleared. The amount of money cleared has reached T.87.07 lakh.
Mawlai MLA Bah Brightstar Marbaniang after a clash with the police in his plan to turn to the Secretariat to express his opposition to the State Government's failure to respond to the demand for the reinstallation of gut lines. officers appointed by the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly.
The KSU has demanded that the NEHU should complete these examinations within this month.
Shillong, November 09: The ANVC(B) today alleged that it is due to the government's lack of action that the members of the ANVC(B) who were involved in the peace talks with the government have been killed. fled and joined other rebel groups.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, he said that as people who have this concern as citizens of the state, we oppose this action of the state government.
The treatment was conducted at the Military Hospital in Shillong.
Speaking to media, the Deputy CEM of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem said that the houses of all the himas in the heritage village have been repaired. The council has also been able to improve the Heritage Village by improving the museum of ancient Khasi artifacts.
Until the time of publication of this news, it is not possible to get the exact identity of the deceased and the driver of the truck.
It is on this basis that the State Government on 19th November 2019 has convened a Special Session to take a decision to demand from the Central Government to implement the Inner Line Permit in Meghalaya.
The BSF troops, seeing the movement of some people on the border with Bangladesh, turned towards them, but these people fled into the forests and left their belongings to escape.
Anthony Ch.
He said this initiative would help the students from different parts of the country to sit for the examinations as the examinations were conducted in 13 indigenous languages ​​instead of English or Hindi as usual.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Election Commissioner, Bah FR Kharkongor said that the list of voters in the state for the MP Ilskehon election 2019 has been released. 18,92,716.
This is the beginning and the government has now turned to the farmers.
Instead of the Central Government strengthening the protection of the environment, through this announcement the Central Government has clearly weakened the protection of the environment by approving schemes. large affecting accelerated environment in permitting.
The two candidates were announced at a public meeting at the Assam Club in Iewdak Laban.
On Saturday 2023, the Dorbar Shnong Lumshyiap received a garbage truck which was launched at a short meeting at the Taxi Stand Lumshyiap.
Regarding the inclusion of Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India, the State Government has already sent a letter to the Ministry of Home Affairs on 14/1 /2018.
According to information received from the states of Maharashtra, Karnataka have paid compensation to farmers who lost their crops due to LSD. They can receive assistance from the State Disaster Response Fund (SDRF) which has provided them in accordance with the approval of the Government of India on equipment and procedures.
It is worth mentioning that this collapse of the Balat road happened during the rainy months when the people have been worried about the increase in the price of beverages because the Seng cannot allow them to watch.
If the MDCs are deeply concerned about the inability to resolve the border between Meghalaya and the state which has led to many unpleasant incidents, they should force the state government by any means. They also urged the government to take action as the border dispute with Assam is not only with Meghalaya, but also with Nagaland, Arunachal Pradesh and other neighboring states.
In Jowai, the Minister of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, Bah AL Hek unfurled the flag and at the coffin exhibition, the Horticulture Office won the title, while the District Commerce and Industries Centre, and the Divisional Soil and Industries Centre, won the prize. They won the second and third prizes.
The British rule first recognized the Khasi-Pnar or Hynniewtrep people under the rule of the Cossayah Hills Political Agency in
They also demanded that an inquiry should be conducted into the alleged assault on women during the raid.
The HNLC is considered an illegal organization under sub-section (1) of Section 3 of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act,
We have come here to condemn the corruption of the Congress party which is fighting against corruption,” he said.
Shillong, Naitung 20: A young man from Ri-Bhoi, Albert Maring of Umdap Dumu village, has been arrested. They came forward to give some symbols to discuss, seeing the unemployment of the youth in the district.
Two new cases have been confirmed today, one from East Khasi Hills and one from Ri Bhoi District, bringing the total number of recoveries to
Speaking on the withdrawal of the 500 and 1000 rupee notes, the Modi government has put the people in great trouble and this will lead to more corruption in the coming days. come.
This has nothing to do with covid.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Syiem said that the news is wrong, as it appears in the newspaper that the amount of money is T.6.38 crore. has already been allocated for the project but this is only an attempt to mislead the people.
Shillong, Nailar 7: The total number of cases tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District has risen to 524, with the highest number of cases being tested today. 63 cases, the total number of confirmed cases is
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: The Forum for Integrated National Security (FINS) on Tuesday said that the country's economy is experiencing a slowdown. It has launched a campaign across the four corners of India to urge the Government of India and the State Governments to address the issue of employment and other development projects.
“There is currently one positive case at Khatla North Quarantine Centre.
In a statement sent by Babu Phrangbor Marngar, President of MSSASA Rambrai Unit, he said that the meeting will discuss the decision of the Central Government to pay Rs.15,000/- per month to the students. Lower Primary teachers and Rs.20,000/- per month for Upper Primary teachers employed under the Sarva Education Abhiyan (SSA).
The mid-term elections will be held in three constituencies in Meghalaya, 13-Mawryngkeng (ST), 24-Mawphlang and 47-Rajabala. Constituent Assembly.
On the other hand, the NPP is deeply saddened by these incidents in the MLA elections in Manipur. .
The SNSBH is proud of the contribution and hard work of the village officials to look after and maintain their village.
The deterioration of the road is only from the main road from Nongpoh market to halfway to Marngar Lake. Although the lake is a beautiful tourist attraction, the deterioration of the road has put the visitors in trouble.
Also present on the occasion were Minister of Health and Family Welfare AL Hek, Minister of Water Supply Samlin Malangniang, Mohendro Rapsang, Renikton L Tongkhar MLA and many other prominent personalities. The day of the opening of this private hospital.
The VPP also demanded that the Lamphang should appoint an interpreter if the Governor speaks in Hindi in the Budget Session. ,” said the Chief Spokesperson of the BJP Meghalaya Pradesh in an interview with the media.
The party will be ready to respond to those Kaikhlaw who want to create intimidation and violate the rights of the Khasi people in Block-1
This issue that the KHADC is looking after has a close relationship with the people of the state.
Shillong, November 07: The Governor of Meghalaya, V. Shanmuganathan today met with many school children at Raj Bahvan Shillong led by Geeta Sarim President of the Inner Wheel Club of Shillong.
In the 29-member House, the ruling party has 20 MDs and the opposition has 9 MDCs. The NPP has 11, the GNC 3, the BJP 5, the Congress and 3 independent members.
The crowd who attended the parade saw the Mi-17 helicopters and the Su-30 MKI bombers flying three in the air. same time.
Shillong, Nailur 21: With the aim of raising awareness among the people of South West Khasi Hills District on the need to drink Niangpyrsit medicine, the Deputy Commissioner's Office has held a march which started from CHC Mawkyrwat and ended. in the Multipurpose Hall at the DC office.
Shillong, July 17: U Gabriel T Mawlong, who has taken part in the India Talent Fight, said that the sale of tickets in various competitions discourages those who have talent.
On the issue of reuniting the former Congress leaders, he said that some of them cannot speak first because there are those among them who have joined the party from outside.
The union demanded that the police should arrest those involved and punish them according to the rules of law.
He said that compared to other ethnic groups, many ethnic groups do not know where they come from because they do not have a law to protect their uniqueness under the Constitution of India after the independence of India. India has gained independence.
He also praised the Speaker's decision to hold the Sengol as part of the annual tradition and said that this will connect future generations with the time when India gained independence and it will also be encouraging.
We must preserve this spirit.
Shah said that in order to bring peace and order in the North East, the Modi Government has signed nine agreements and through these, many outstanding issues related to the North East have been resolved. peaceful.
On the other hand, the Seng will continue to work with the residents of the border areas and if anything happens, those who start will have to take responsibility, according to a statement sent by Samla Juhhi Tariang. News from KSU, WJH District.
Shillong, March 22: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War today said that the government is preparing to include the COVID-19 test in the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) card.
Shillong, Naitung 05: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma today met with Union Minister of State for Home Affairs Santosh Gangwar. During the visit to Delhi today, the Chief Minister, Bah Prestone Tynson, who is in charge of the Ministry of Agriculture, met with the Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare. Union Minister Giriraj Singh in charge of Animal Husbandry Department.
He said that the Tibetans who have arrived in Shillong since 1960 during the time of Assam and now Meghalaya. The Government of Meghalaya has given land to the Tibetan people.
Pollution affects the growth of plants and affects the clean air we breathe.
He said that there are many needs that still need to be addressed especially in Meghalaya which still needs a new airport.
The MHC's illegal fight against Meghalaya in these years is exactly like running a parallel government and that is why the media is now turning into someone's slave.
“We also discussed the decision of the Supreme Court of India that the District Council has to work with the state government so that the central government can listen,” he said.
The length of optical fiber laid in the country has now exceeded 28 lakh km.
PMKSK oversees the provision of services and materials such as fertilizers,seeds, pesticides, various machines and the use of drones to spray fertilizers and pesticides.
I4C, in partnership with Microsoft, has suspended more than 1,000 Skype IDs used for such purposes.
At this meeting, Conrad also announced that Alvin K Sawkmie will be the NPP candidate from Mawsynram Constituency for the MDC election.
He said that the salary for the 2021-2022 fiscal year of T.44 crore remains with the Ministry of Finance, while the three months of the 2022-2023 fiscal year will be paid by the central government. The teachers have been informed that the education department has completed its part and it remains in the finance department.
