Shillong, Iaiong 15: A special team of Meghalaya Police on receiving a tip that some GNLA militants have entered Shillong have conducted a search operation and found They said that it was successful in arresting three members of the group from Iew Mawlong.
The FKS encourages all those involved in the health sector to come forward at this time and congratulates the State Government and the Government of India for taking the initiative to create safety measures and maybe more According to scientists, the announcements will be made in less than 18 months.
Shillong, July 10: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today laid the foundation stone for the construction of a new Block Office at Chokpot and a Degree College at Chokpot. District.
Referring to the school, he said that this school has allowed poor and rich families to study in this school and this school has been able to show itself by passing. This is the hard work of the teachers.
On this occasion, many of those who were happy to receive food after not being able to eat due to the curfew to fight against COVID-19, many expressed their gratitude to the group that has been able to turn around. and their eyes are upon the poor, that they may distribute them bread.
“In our village, since ancient times we have always had the view that we have decided that we will not allow foreigners to come and work within our border.
Hundreds of ethnic artists from 17 states of India have taken part in the tournament which started on 28th July and will end on 3rd June,
Shillong, Lber 20: The Office of the Hima Mylliem in the presence of the Magistrate, Police, Police and members of the NIA this evening raided the quarters of the Hima. in the market even after the end of the time given by the Hima.
Tura, March 18: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today said that the government will not implement the 19th Century Act, which will govern in the 21st Century.
If the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016 becomes law, crores of Bangladeshis will become Indian citizens and we as a nation will be overwhelmed and lose our power in our country.
This initiative has also helped the farmers to get a sustainable and adequate market linked to the market in the country.
Speeches were delivered by Ma Piwel Shylla, Acting President of Khliehriat Block Congress Committee, Ma Pheinlang Siangshai, Vice President of Khliehriat Block Congress Committee. Daywork happiness.
The Seng has also warned that if anyone fights against it, they will have to take responsibility.
It will also promote tourism in the state.
The union does not accept any proposal to accept the Railway if Meghalaya is implemented which produces the Entry and Exit Point, the Immigrants Facilitation Centre. the rights to enter the State) and the rules on citizens.
His wish to leave the party is that he does not agree with the party's decision to join hands with the HSPDP. His wish is that all the ethnic parties should be united.
Replying to a question in the Budget Session on Tuesday, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, said that the announcement issued during the government of Dr Mukul Sangma has allowed companies to They should start working before they get the trading licenses from the ADCs in the state.
This order will also not apply to ration shops, wholesale shops and shops which will be announced from time to time in consultation with the police.
The Dorbar.
The song “ko Ri ba ieid” which this Rangbah has composed and sung, touches the minds, because the words of the song explain the nature of the nation and at the same time it is an encouragement to the brothers of the country shall stand up for the country.
“How can this veterinary clinic provide services to the people of the area when all the necessities are not available,” said the Seng leaders.
On the other hand, the DC said that once they receive this money through the education department of the state government, they will start building the class rooms.
The allocation of this fund is to carry out development works in these tribal areas.
The two parties will not accept this action of the Government along the India-Bangladesh border in War Jaintia.
In his speech, Dr Donkupar said that there is no end to the talents of man, it is a pride that Bah Tymthai at a young age has been able to produce two that book.
He urged the people to help and educate the drug users to avoid this evil, not to exclude them from the society. The same celebration was held at the BSF Senior Secondary School, Umpling, La. Shillong, July 26: The Meghalaya Aids Control Society (AIDS) today held a march in Shillong to mark the International Day against Drugs. abuse and illicit trafficking”.
Jowai, Jymmang 06: The All Jaintia Transporters Association (APA) and the Meghalaya People's Labor Union (MPLA) held a meeting in Jowai today to discuss the lack of attention of the state regarding the decision. of the Supreme Court of India in the case of coal mining in Meghalaya.
In a supplementary question, u Bah Carnes said why the District Council has not taken over the land. The CEM who is also in charge of the Land Department, said in the House that he has taken over the land. dulir is not in the office.
The Silk Printing & Processing Unit in Agartala, Tripura has spent Rs 3.71 crore to produce, print and manufacture 1.5 lakh meters of silk per annum.
The office bearers of the KSU Moojem unit are Samla Kriko Tamaha as President, Samla Heidathmu Lathong as Vice President, Samla Bhawan Langstang as General Secretary, Samla Thmulang Suchiang as Assistant Secretary and other office bearers.
There are some health indicators in Meghalaya which are below the national average such as child mortality, maternal anemia and infant mortality.
Speaking to reporters at the meeting room of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District in the presence of officials from the District Administration, she said that during her visit, she met with seven small groups of people. are from different religions.
m and on Saturday from 10:00 a.
Tura, Naitung 14: A mother who was raped by robbers at Pipulbari village on the border of Meghalaya and Assam has been taken to a hospital in Dhubri. to send care.
Behind this hill are the villages of Mawbidong, Manad, Lummawbah, Pyndenlyngdoh, the Umngi River, the Um-it River, many small rivers, the farmland of Dongriwar and the heritage.
The Minister added that all measures have been taken to assist the North Eastern States on a special basis.
Dr Gardon Rangad, Medical Superintendent of the hospital, said.
He was also arrested by the Assam Police.
Reports said that after receiving the drawings of the bridge, the Forest Department will be able to prepare the allocation for the construction of the bridge. government agencies.
The Governor during his visit was impressed by the speech of Malabika Bisharad and promised to talk to the Chief Minister and the Central Government to protect this important place.
Regarding the MUDA By-laws, the Government will issue a notice to recognize the Local Authorities or Town Committees for the areas outside the Municipal. The Town Committee and the KHADC will be responsible for the implementation of the Town and Country Planning Act 1973 by the Government.
He spoke about his outlook on startups, innovative technologies, homestays and tourism-related opportunities for the youth of the region.
The passport will be printed and sent by the RPO to the address specified in the application by the applicant.
On this occasion, many crops were explained for their benefit to improve in agriculture.
About 400 people attended the ceremony to commemorate the independence of Meghalaya on 21st July 47 years ago.
Speaking at the meeting, K Satish Nambudiripad, Director General, North East Zone, said the NE Conference aims to provide a forum for sharing ideas and consensus to ensure the implementation of the NE Conference. order of all field units.
In a letter to the Governor of Meghalaya, Bah Sumer said that according to the decision of the Hon'ble High Court on 09.11.2017 regarding the PIL No. In 2016, the High Court ruled that the village is in the hands of the Governor to take a decision. This is in accordance with the decision of the Division Bench of the Meghalaya High Court.
The Seng also found that the toilets are inadequate and dirty.
This was stated in a statement sent by Rev. LD Nongsiej, Secretary, Kur Jyrwa Nongsiej.
The facilities provided by this hospital for the people of Meghalaya are that they can make an appointment with the doctors at this hospital when they want to go for treatment.
Shillong, November 13: Meghalaya Police together with Nagaland Police have raided a camp of illegal immigrants in Shillong. At 12.30 pm, the incident occurred at Lumdingsoh.
He said that in this election the power of money will work well for the candidates who will contest from Mawlai Constituency and as the youth we have to be vigilant and not to be misled and deceived.
He expressed his condolences to all the souls of those who died that day especially to Crystal Gayle whom he took more care of because they found her still alive.
Shillong, Naitung 17 : After 30 years of invasion of Bangladesh, far from their beloved country, leaders of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) who arrived in Khasi Hills from Bangladesh On the 17th November, 2023, on the occasion of the peace talks with the Central and State Governments, they laid flowers at the statue of the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Paiem Tirot Singh at Iewrynghep Square, Shillong. The 188th Death Anniversary of this hero of the Khasi people.
If you need an explanation, come and see me and I will explain everything to you as necessary," he said.
The Memorandum of Understanding was signed in the presence of Sampath Kumar, Development Commissioner & Principal Secretary, Government of Meghalaya and Pravin Bakshi, Commissioner & Secretary, Information Technology, & Communication (IT&C) Department, and Deepika Venkatesh, Program Manager- Green Skills & Sustainability, 1M1B at Additional Secretariat, Shillong, Meghalaya,The Chief Minister of Meghalaya Conrad Sangma has a vision to enable Meghalaya's youth to achieve their full potential through the Meghalaya Program for Adolescent Wellbeing, Empowerment and Resilience (MPOWER).
Through this competition, the children have been able to showcase their talents, whether it is in the field of skating and others.
Shillong, July 5: The Deputy Commissioner (Excise), East Khasi Hills District has declared the 6th July 2018 as a curfew in all districts.
On the other hand, HANM condemns the crimes, regarding this incident, the law will do whatever is necessary and they have confidence in the law enforcement agencies to do whatever is necessary to punish. he is a wicked man.
So far, the 11 NCP MLAs who have been complained against have not sent any letter to the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly saying that they have joined the NCP. and the NPP. (SP News).
The Khasi States – A Brief Historical Timeline – 1771 to
Nine new cases have been recovered from East Khasi Hills District, bringing the total number of recoveries in the state to
The total number of registered candidates has reached 3000 from the North East alone and it will take about two days to bring them all back.
Shillong, Naitung 04: The Secretary to the Road Construction Department in charge of Roads and Bridges today announced that a sum of T.200.81 crore has been allocated for the improvement of the NH-6 Jowai to Ratacherra has received T.200.81 crore on 17/10/2
The scheme is for all those areas which have municipal areas, such as Shillong, Jowai, Resubelpara, Baghmara, Willamnagar and Tura.
Mawryngkneng, Naiwieng 30: KSU Mawryngkneng Circle under the leadership of Samla Reallystar Nongspung, General Secretary Samla Shiningstar Kharbihkhiew in the presence of Incharge of Eastern Central Unit Samla Vincent Makri on Tuesday met with the Deputy Commissioner of Eastern Central Unit Samla Vincent Makri. and the Block Development Officer of Mawryngkneng C&RD Block after it was found that foreigners have started registering their names in the Electoral Roll (EPIC) and Aadhaar Card.
On the other hand, the state government is still waiting for a reply from the central government whether it will call for talks.
Condemning the incident, the journalists from Meghalaya demanded that the Maharashtra government should punish those involved in the incident.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The NH-06 connecting Khliehriat and Silchar has been suspended due to heavy rainfall this morning due to a landslide at Kuliang village in East Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, Lber 27: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today alleged that the government of Dr Mukul Sangma has alleged that the government of Dr Mukul Sangma has not contested the election for the NPP candidate Agatha K Sangma. has not done anything regarding the ban on coal mining which has affected the entire state.
Wing Commander Sreeprakash J., PRO Defense Meghalaya attended the program and encouraged the children with his words.
Dr Jemino Mawthoh, Working President of the UDP, told reporters that there are candidates in all the constituencies, but as there are many candidates, they have to decide who will be appointed. It has been handed over to the constituencies and districts to do whatever is necessary.
“For now we will wait for the reply from the Cantonment and the Government,” said Bah Synrem.
The Vice President of the All Dimahasa Students Union said that they and the KSU are like brothers here and we are very close and we will work together here.
For the requirements and other information, the rules and regulations for the Nari Shakti Puraskar can be found on the website of the Ministry of Women & Child Development of the Union Government as well as on the Applications/Nominations. portal is not available.
Other speakers who took part in the speech were George B Lyngdoh, Meralborn Syiem, Kimfa S Marbaniang, Charles Pyngrope, SK Sunn. private member.
Alliance Air has strengthened its flights to Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Mizoram, Manipur and Meghalaya.
On the basis of the complaint, the police have arrested the two men and remanded them in jail.
The union demands that the state government and all the leaders should unanimously announce through the media that the state will continue to celebrate Christmas by declaring a public holiday as usual. .
Police have arrested Laba Kumar Taid and seized a computer from the premises.
Speaking on the occasion, Samla Stream Niangti congratulated the students who were honored and urged them to continue their studies.
The award was received by Dr Meenesh Shah, Chairman of WAMUL's on behalf of the committee and SB Bose, Managing Director of WAMUL, at a function held in Gandhinagar, Gujarat on Saturday. on 12/30/2023.
In this regard, the District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District in accordance with the provisions of the Epidemic Diseases Act, 1897 and the Meghalaya Regulations , 2020 has declared Wahshnong and Nongshiliang villages as containment zones.
On the other hand, the Speaker of the House, Bah PN Syiem, has directed the Executive Committee to look into the matter and to investigate as these have been built recently.
Ardent admitted that through the protest against the Reservation Policy, the people, various political parties, have come to support and this shows clearly that they understand that it is a necessary issue and through this the see that a new structure has been established that can build the unity of the nation.
Speaking to reporters after the examination of the documents by the Secretary of the Legislative of KHADC, he said that there are 16 members on their side because Grace has left without There is no difference between Grace and her husband.
When the BSF seized these packages and opened them, they found that it was Ganja packaged in plastic bags.
If the NCERT is published suddenly, without consulting anyone, without giving time to the students, parents to buy new books because they have to break the old books and have to buy a new book.
Shillong, Naitung 28: Members of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today welcomed the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma at Mawkyrwat. .
Shillong, Naitung 18: The EMRI Workers Union (EMRI) today staged a sit-in at the parking lot of the Additional Secretariat to demand their rights from the EMRI authorities in Meghalaya.
Even in our courts, the Prime Minister has said that such technologies should be used to make life easier for the people.
The meeting of all the sports associations has been held to meet the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma to demand that the government should include Jaintia Hills in the 39th National Games to be held in state.
Other teams will receive trophies and 1-5,000/-; 2– 3,000/- and 3– 2,000/-.
The police station has been disinfected according to the guidelines laid down by the government and will be reopened soon.
Shillong, July 18: The Chief Engineer in charge of light development in the villages of Mawthabah has admitted that it was a mistake by the office to announce that the work of lighting to Mawthabah has been completed.
The Government is conducting an inquiry to find out whether he has violated the rules and regulations laid down by the State Government regarding the rules and regulations laid down by the State Government. against this man.
Before we serve in other parts of the area within the whole of Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Jowai Unit today conducted a search operation at Ïawmusiang, Jymmang 17, 2023 and found that they were illegal immigrants. don't have any documents as required.
George B Lyngdoh said the report is sufficient, but when it comes to the punishment of those involved, the government has said that it will send a letter of summons to appear before the police for clarification.
They said that the new Garo state will also include some of the Khasi areas in the West and South West Khasi Hills.
He said that mankind is now struggling to find a place in another world to live but he does not understand and does not surprise people that where we live now we have to improve.
On the other hand, the CEM promised that in the next few days after the MP election, he together with the Hima Mylliem will have a meeting to resolve the issues of these residents. village and also the demands of these Garo people.
On the other hand, the Governor stressed the importance of the tribals, saying that as of now, their work is too slow.
Bah Syntrak Ryntathiang was appointed as the Chairman and 26 other office bearers of the party.
Shillong, Nailar 21: Shillong FC will face Rangdajiet FC on the opening day of the Gionee Shillong Premier League tomorrow.
K.United.
“Corruption is against democracy, corruption is poor service delivery by the Government, corruption affects economic growth.
She said that this salary is not enough for the asha.
This was done to prevent people from using money to buy votes for any candidate to contest the MP election.
According to police, these two men came to the scene but the reason is unknown what happened to them but at 3 pm they received information that these two men had drowned. in this river.
Speech by Apurva Chandra, IAS Secretary, Union Health Services, at the meeting of Additional Secretary and Director HNM, Aradhana Patniak IAS, in the presence of Sampath Kumar, Principal Secretary, Union Health Services. of the state government.
Regarding Para 12(a) of the Sixth Schedule, the power should be vested in the Governor of the State.
During the meeting, the Chairman of the Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya and Advisor-Spokesperson, John F Kharshiing, briefed the foreign leaders on the progress of the struggle for more than 70 years. years of traditional administrations.
After the public explanation of the proposal by convening the public meeting, it was decided to form the group with Bah Ardent as the leader.
Shillong, November 19: A Maruti Baleno and a truck collided at Umsning this morning at about 3 pm.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, congratulated the CPC for convening this meeting in which all the religions were present.
The Congress leader said she would like to ask the Chief Minister of Meghalaya , Conrad Sangma , whether in the past 45 years , her father , Purno A Sangma , has not been at the door of God he was also an MP in the 1970s and 1980s.
In several technical sessions held, discussions were held on projects related to employment opportunities development, self-employment, resources, transportation and others. other related businesses in the area.
Shillong, Iaiong 14: The Governor of Meghalaya on Tuesday gave his approval to the Executive Members of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) after the two parties, the NPP and the UDP, signed a memorandum of understanding. they have already made peace among themselves.
The purpose of the word Vanamahotsava, which means the day of trees, is that this celebration is held throughout India.
On the other hand, the BSF on seeing the ships coming from Bangladesh to cross the Ranikor River, they rushed to the scene with Speed ​​Boads and stopped them. ships of Bangladeshis and arrested them and took them away.
The union urges the state government to increase the revenue to help the people as Meghalaya is a state that does not rely on transportation. price increases will affect the public.
Referring to the allegations of corruption, Nongrem said he has been in the Congress party since 2003 and such allegations usually come out when elections are approaching. because these claims are always there.
The office bearers of the South West Khasi Hills District are Wallambok Syiemiong as Chairman, Polin Lyngdoh and WCD Toi as Vice Chairman. others are not members of the Executive Committee.
For other posts, two candidates, Sonstar Nongkhlaw and Sumarlang Lyngdoh, have contested for the post of Assistant General Secretary.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The 1971 Indo-Pak War on the Eastern Front in 1971 has been commemorated at BOP Kilapara, Dalu.
The purpose of this competition is to encourage the children of the area to take part in sports. This is not only to recognize their talents but also to educate the youth. to look forward to the good.
What happened at the office of the Sub-Divisional School Education Officers, Mawkyrwat regarding the appointment of contract teachers at Rngikseh Government LP School shows the failure of the Government in the recruitment process.
Many people from Shillong have arrived at the venue to witness and watch the festival.
The illegal collection of taxes on agricultural vehicles of the residents of the state, the intimidation by the Karbi rebels and the violence by the security forces and Assam police against the Khasi people.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The filing of nomination papers for the mid-term MDC elections from the 26-Langrin MDC Constituency has ended today. registered are eligible.
Shillong, Iaiong 18: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed that 1 case of COVID-19 has been confirmed in the state. test positive of East Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, July 23: According to international law, no 150 jobs can be built across the border, which India and Bangladesh have to comply with. Praveen Bakshi, DIG of BSF, Shillong Border, said that the country's economy is experiencing a slowdown.
The office today held a meeting to commemorate the deceased and at this meeting a five minute silence was also held to pray for the soul of the deceased.
Devika Hari Kumar, President, Air Force Wives Welfare Association (Regional) inaugurated the campaign in the presence of other Air Force officials including Air Vice Marshal M Singh AVSM VrC VSM, you don't have to paint the office.
The Inspector General of BSF Shillong Frontier, Kuldip Saini, said that the reason for the failure to start the construction is because they have not yet received the land and 47 km of work has started and is progressing.
The Minister of State for Culture and Heritage, Bah AL Hek today inaugurated the Cultural Welcome Arch Gate at the State Central Library, Shillong. customs and traditions of the state of Meghalaya.
They said that there are 24 villages in Sawsymper area as well as the neighboring villages and the population of the village is more than 20 thousand according to the census. year 2011.
Due to the increasing smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh, the BSF has tightened its patrolling on the border with Bangladesh.
On the other hand, Bah Alantry Dkhar in his speech said that at present there is no confidence in the use of these machines, even the Congress party has already submitted a letter for the election. A 15-page commission on the lack of confidence in these machines.
Shillong, Nailar 28: Meghalaya Police today arrested the Joint Director, Mechanical of the Agriculture Department of the Meghalaya Government for allegedly taking money from M/s Horizon. Tour Marketing.
Shillong, November 26: While the world is celebrating Christmas, a man named Phlan War Syntengheh has stabbed and stabbed Bah Hes Sohtun in Mawryngkneng village.
In the middle of this road there is also the All Saint School where many people like to send their children to school through education.
On the part of the Rangbah Shnong of Madanriting, in his short speech, he praised Bah Lambor for being quick to see the problems of the people and for being quick to bring about development works in the village in all aspects. .
Also present on the occasion were General Secretary of the party Dr Jemino Mawthoh, UDP Mawkynrew President Teibok Kurkalang, Prety Kharpyngrope, Thynroit Sordar and other party officials.
A petition was also submitted to the Executive Member, i/c Elaka KHADC in which he mentioned many issues such as the need for the Dorbar Pyllun to include some of the Village Authorities, Village Authorities. The raid also included about 20 (20) leaders of the Hima Mylliem who were elected by the Hima Dorbar to attend the Executive Dorbar of the Hima Mylliem.
There are 23 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 19 from East Khasi Hills, 3 from Ri Bhoi and 1 from West Garo Hills. sun.
I am surprised to see that these volunteers are receiving a high salary,” said Dr Ampareen while talking to media after opening a meeting with the Health Officers.
On the other hand, the members of the House in their welcoming speech expressed their confidence in her and hope that she will run the House without any bias.
The main features of the digital SCR are that all 519 sections of the Supreme Court reports since 1950, including 36,308 cases, will be available in digital, bookmarked, easy to use and who received all.
In another incident, unidentified persons in Puriang on the road to Jowai threw stones at vehicles parked on the road in Puriang.
The purpose of the inspection was to check the condition of the road and whether there is any problem for the company to implement the road. The distance is 104.125 Km.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Lapangap Unit has expressed its shock and surprise at the same time and strongly condemns all the MDCs of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) especially the EC of the JHADC. responsibility for the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam.
The President of MAASA said that in the North East there are places like Arunachal Pradesh and Assam and the best places are in Meghalaya.
The NE-I, which includes Meghalaya, Tripura and Mizoram, opposes the central government's proposal in collaboration with all BSNL groups. New Delhi, November 14: A group of MDCs The Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) led by their MP Conrad K Sangma, MP from Tura and MDCs met with Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitely in Parliament.
The Dorbar Shnong has done this with the intention of encouraging this young man and also to encourage other children of the village to work hard in their studies.
Regarding the Central Government, the talks have been held with the office of the Prime Minister of India, the Minister of Railways and the officials of the Railway Department. After receiving the consent of the people, without the consent of the people, the government will do anything that affects the people.
According to the Director, most of those who tested positive for COVID-19 were in close contact with those who had been infected. In Shilong, there were 25 cases of COVID-19 in Shilong. In Tura, three out of four cases have been in close contact with those who have been infected with COVID-1
The worst affected areas in Shillong are Madanriting, Mawlai, Jaiaw, Mawprem, Jhalupara, Mawiong, Polo, Nongmynsong and many other villages and townships in Shillong.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: The District TB Office, Ri Bhoi District under the leadership of Dr.E.Kalwing has launched a campaign to eradicate TB from the country. Training at Civil Hospital Nongpoh on how to prevent the spread of this disease.
Shillong, Iaiong 04: The BSF on Tuesday after receiving a tip on a tip-off, conducted a raid together with the Meghalaya Police and arrested two persons. women from the border with Bangladesh.
The Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, who is also the MDC of Sohra, has sent his condolences to the family of Dr. Phlour.
In a statement today, the party said that it has received many information that some people have demanded money in the name of the party and the party has decided to to exterminate such persons who have destroyed the party.
The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on July 14, 2024 has issued a notice to the entire Sohiong Hima after examining the report of the Inquiry Officer. violated Section-6 of the United Khasi and Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Act,
Also present were the Chief Minister Conrad Kongkal Sangma, Shillong MP Vincent H. Pala, Ministers, MLAs and MDCs. and others who have been invited.
The impact of these drugs will be a serious threat to the health of the people especially to the neighboring villages who are still using the water supply from the wells near Marten. in relation to agriculture and others in the fields of agriculture especially as it has been found from time to time at Jaka Marten under Mawlai Mawiong.
Regarding the seizure of cows, the BSF has seized 10239 cows and the market value of these cows has reached T.16,86,51,930/- tyngka.
Maternity leave shall be granted for 90 days without any restrictions even if you have many children.
According to sources, the vehicle was coming from West Khasi Hills District when unidentified persons stopped the vehicle and set it on fire.
In fact, the MDCs should have come from the boundaries of the 54 Hima Elaka in Khasi Hills, and 19 Elaka in Jaintia Hills and the candidates should have come from the Hima and not from the Party.
Under this rule, there will be a Mission Director to assist the state government and T.5 crore has been allocated for public awareness and public information on the dangers of drug abuse.
In accordance with the authority empowered by sub-section (1) of Section 3 of the Meghalaya Essential Maintenance (Amendment) Act,
The MLA congratulated all the frontline workers who are fighting against the spread of COVID-19 and added that the Government has spent a lot in the health department.
New Delhi, Lber 17: Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K. Sangma today met with the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, together with the MDA government. Cabinet Minister to discuss the issues facing the state.
The training center at Williamnagar is well equipped for forest workers to control forest destroyers.
To date, there are 187 teaching vacancies in the Ministry of Education especially in higher education and these vacancies have been vacant for three or four years. The Board shall complete the appointment within the next three months if not longer than six months.
Children should be orphans, children with disabilities and suffering in all aspects and those who have been transgendered.
The shooting took place in the afternoon and the exchange of gunfire lasted for about 20 minutes.
I congratulate the efforts taken to make this festival happen and would like to support the vision of the KHADC to promote the Khasi Culture for it is Land, Language and Lineage which are the three cornerstones of our community of which we can pass it down strong and proud of our descendants.
Shillong, March 26: The President of the Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) Samla Lawyerson War in a statement today strongly said that as members of the JSU, they are not just spectators. He recalled that when he joined the party to protect the country and the nation.
The Minister explained how the roster system works and the government follows the directives of the Supreme Court. and those who do not understand will come and ask again.
He urged all the leaders at this meeting to take the oath that we are here with one mind to revive the society and to revive the despair.
Myntri Rangbah Duh stressed on the importance of setting goals and said that the previous Governments did not have goals and did not work hard.
It is learned that this testing center has been set up since the beginning of the curfew in the state and is still ongoing to test passengers between the two districts.
Speaking to media, Kenneth Shadap said that there are 7042 Adhok teachers in the state and the problem they are facing is the salary which does not fall among their fellow teachers.
Shillong, July 06: The BSF has been arresting smuggled cows to Bangladesh almost every day but the smugglers are not willing to do so because the cow meat in Bangladesh has become expensive. good.
The office sends its condolences to the family and children of the former Speaker of the Legislative Assembly.
At the same time, he said that all the states in India have not yet received their share because they have not yet received the budget of the central government in Parliament.
The meeting will last for one day, starting on the 14th and ending on the 21st of this month.
These Bonsai trees are long-lived trees.
However, they dug into their reserves and held off Nongthymmai for the remaining minutes and gratefully welcomed the final whistle when they could breathe a sigh of relief.
When these companies were inspected, it was found that they were not located in the places where they were shown to be established.
The churches should talk about how the MLAs and MDCs elected by the people can do something for the state, they should not talk about how much money a candidate has. and all that kind of church.
Shillong, March 17: The 12 hour curfew called by civil society groups to demand the implementation of the ILP in Meghalaya has ended without any incident. hour of curfew.
On the other hand, SOGI has talked to the central government but as the Lok Sabha elections are approaching, they have promised to look into this issue after the elections and now there is a new government.
The casualties of the petrol bomb blast were the lights on the ground and the rainwater tank.
Answering a question, the CEM of KHADC said that once the Bill is introduced by the EC in the House, it will be passed. At this meeting, the CEM said that there has been a discussion regarding the specification of the jait and it should be in Khasi characters. , which are spelled with other characters should be corrected.
Police said that it is believed that someone went to set these bombs on the night of the 15th and 16th of this month.
In Shillong alone, the Ministry of Home Affairs has found that there are 30 houses in Shillong which should have been brought under the Act as Heritage Sites. Out of these 30, 23 are government buildings and 7 are public buildings. The names of these buildings which the Urban Development Department wants to demolish as Heritage Sites The government buildings are the PWD Chief Engineer's Building at Barik, the Shillong Golf Course including the Golf Club House and the High Court Building at the former Assembly Hall at Police Bazar.
Provision of clean water through mechanisms and others.
Shillong, November 19: Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh MLA of Shillong East and Bah Mohendro Rapsang MLA of Shillong West both from the Congress party have resigned from the post of MLA to join the National People's Party (NPP). The resignation letter to the Commissioner and Secretary of the Legislative Assembly, Dr Andrew Simon, to send back the resignation letters to the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly to accept their resignation from the post of MLA. Spokesperson Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh said that after the party congress collapsed, four MLAs have been expelled from the party. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to join a party.
He said that the purpose of the party is to bring about a change in the Khaddar rule and he appealed to the people to come and take part in bringing about a change in the Khaddar rule. to bring about a holy nation.
Jobs were also expanded.
For the fiscal year 2019-2020, the government has already released T.28.26 crore and for the fiscal year 2020-2021, T.23.70 crore has been released. The state has released T.2.82 crore for the fiscal year 2019-2020 and T.2.37 crore for the fiscal year 2020-2021 which is 10% of the share of the state government.
India has now had the opportunity to host the G-20 Summit in the country.
And this shows that our district has been neglected or discriminated against without getting a share like other colleges.
From Meghalaya, former Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma, Dr DD Lapang and MLAs from the UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy have attended the meeting. NCP President Saleng A Sangma and many others.
Members of the three tea producers' associations in the state, the Ribhoi Tea Growers' Association, the Mawlyngot Tea Growers' Society and the West Garo Hills Tea Farmers Federation were also present.
Nikhla has been holding this post for only six months.
Tynsong also spoke to the SP of East Khasi Hills where he promised that the farmers are not responsible for the problems.
Many parents have witnessed many protests by SSA teachers in the past to appeal to the government to have mercy and to help them create the means to increase their salaries. that they can support their children according to the passage of time, because it is not easy to provide for the household only on the salary of 6000, 9200 and
Shillong, Lber 25: The Deputy Commissioner of Food Safety Technical of the State Food Testing Laboratory, Pasture Hills Shillong, Shillong, on Tuesday announced that they will not accept water or food testing from the public for the next 25 days. day.
The theft of electricity has been happening for decades as no one has seen the emergence of this slum in the middle of Shillong.
The convention center will be modernized and will be the central hub for citizenship and information about the North East in Delhi.
The AJYWO also expresses its gratitude to the two Dorbar Shnongs, the Dorbar Shnong Wapungskur and the Dorbar Shnong Wapungshnong for their generosity in providing a large, beautiful and best land for the to build the present C&RD Block in Wapung area and also for their cooperation to expedite the work, said Bah Dkhar.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, said that the government has approved T.300 crore for the construction of three roads in Ri Bhoi District. The foundation stone of the road from Umling to Patharkhamah, Umsning-Jagiroad and Nongpoh-Umden-Sonapur.
The MP has donated 20 lakh tyngka and the school has spent another 9 lakh tyngka to complete the hall.
Jyrwa questioned why the government through the Chief Minister's symbol, Prestone Tynsong, has not called for talks. There is a responsibility for the problem of those who park commercial vehicles in the state, what is the problem for the government to call for talks.
The union also urged the government as a suggestion to carry out emergency repair of some of the bridges which have almost collapsed and collapsed at any time.
Bah Arbok Khar Jahrin, President, HYC, South West Khasi Hill District.
At this meeting, it was also decided that the Mobile Internet will be released from 6.00 pm tomorrow morning. The Prime Minister said that he has not taken any decision.
The party has also sent a copy of the same letter to the Chief Minister, all the Ministers and all the leaders of various political parties so that they can discuss this issue in the House. The CM said there will be a meeting of all parties on this issue.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister said that there is a need to find ways and means to generate electricity in the state.
At the awareness programme, Bah John F Kharshiing expressed his gratitude to the State Government and KHADC for their approval to enact the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Act. Act 2011, which came into force in October
Shillong, March 19: Nine civil society organizations from Ri Bhoi District including RBYO, HYC, MPUF, UHM, MPSO, STIEH and HITO today signed a letter sent to the Minister of State for Home Affairs. The Cherry Blossom Festival was closed on Sunday.
According to the report, 25% of the male population in cities under Tier II and III suffer from many problems and 29% are severe; while 50% of the male respondents from the first category cities reported that they suffered from illness and 44% were severely ill.
The Gala Premier, which started last year, has been extended this year.
Speaking to media at Shillong Press Club, he said the party will not have any alliance with other political parties but will fight alone.
Speaking to media after the election of the MLA of Selsella regarding the MP election regarding the defeat of the UDP candidate to the Congress candidate in the MP election. He said that since 1989, the ethnic parties have not won the MP elections.
In his speech, Chief Secretary Swami Vedaswarupanandaji, Ramakrishna Mission Institute of Culture, Kolkata encouraged the youth with the pure and appropriate words of Swami Vivekananda.
Police said that on the 20th of this month, Memorial Ryntong lodged a complaint with the Shallang Police Station that Rangsa had disappeared from his home. u don now.
This time too, a new party has emerged called the Voice of People's Party (VPP).
Shillong, Jymmang 25: A group of people from Ranikor Constituency led by their MLA Martin M Danggo today met with the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma to submit a petition to the Chief Minister. They demanded that the Ranikor Administrative Unit should be upgraded to the status of Civil Sub-Division.
“We are confident that with the success of this curfew, the government has seen and heard our demands, which are for the benefit of the people. Julius Nongtdu, President of HNYF-EJZ said, “We would like to express our gratitude and special greetings to the passengers of KSU-JHDU. The district authorities and the EJHD police for their hard work in ensuring that our curfew has been smooth and orderly without any tragic incident.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with the Chief Minister at his residence in Oakland, Adelbert said that if the Chief Minister does not respond within three days, he will respond. has decided not to take part in the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: The KNGCSU on Tuesday met with the Director of Higher and Technical Education (DHTE), Ram Singh IAS. Petition to demand the appointment of a full time Principal and Vice Principal of Kiang Nangbah Government College.
Speaking at the launch of the NPP Presidential Election campaign in Adogre, North Garo Hills, Mamata Banerjee said, “Mamata Banerjee, many leaders have now joined the TMC. Conrad said the TMC leaders should have talked to other political parties. He said this is not what he is saying but This is what has been discussed in the marketplace especially in political parties.
This is a sign of joining hands with the health facilities to fight against covid1
The loss of these two power plants has affected Meghalaya by 50 MW.
The State Governments should take action to prevent the residents of the border areas from becoming slaves and bloodshed.
The donation was inaugurated by the Deputy General Manager of Shillong Rajeev Arora and in his speech he said that this is a sign of solidarity with the 12 villages around Kynshi. .
After hearing these problems from the public and also the doctors of the PHC, the Seng Leaders inspected all the offices and hospitals and found There are still many shortages of Man Power including MBBS, Staff Nurses, Lab Technicians, Pharmacists, Ward Boys and also Staff who fall under IV Grade in relation to The requirement for material instruments such as generators, radiant warmers, shadowless lamps, delivery instruments, manually operated suction apparatus and other facilities is also found to be in short supply. in every case.
The program was also attended by Bansharai Warjri, Organizing Secretary, KSU CEC, Lambok S. Marngar, Finance Secretary, KSU CEC, Donald V Thabah Education Secretary, KSU CEC, Shemphang Lyngdoh. Grace Lanong President KSU Girls' Wing and the residents of Saw Mer.
On the other hand, the HNPF has demanded that if the government does not open and implement these sub-centres within six months, the HNPF will not hesitate to hold a strong protest for the benefit of the sick.
The market is not only a place to enjoy, it is a platform for local entrepreneurs, farmers and manufacturers to showcase their talents.
Since this Act has nothing to do with curbing the entry of mynder into this beloved country, why does the government have so much work to implement it?
MeECL has announced the recruitment of 336 staff in Phase I and 233 for Phase II and III. can be appointed to this day.
Especially to assist in the provision of adequate training facilities and adequate equipment during the training periods so that we can improve and as the Association we will be able to develop talented youth.
Police have directed the public to provide the phone numbers of the SSP CID (Coordinator) at 9863021516 or send a mail to this is your email ID.
(First Come first Serves).
The HFU was preparing to hold a public meeting on this day but it rained.
The AICC leaders want to bring him back as prime minister but it is up to the MLAs to decide.
After the seizure of these coal trucks, the police are now searching for the drivers, smugglers and owners of the vehicles.
In times of great persecution and when the world's troubles often blind the people and especially many of the leaders.
The meeting also demanded that the Central Government should support the Governments of Meghalaya and Assam to reach an agreement between the two states which has been pending for 50 years, to achieve peace on the border. you cannot fix the border.
In the classroom, there are 10/15 percent intellectuals while 90/80 percent are Average and Below Average Students.
Shillong, Iaiong 18: All the officers who were to conduct the counting of votes for the Lok Sabha elections 2024 have left for their posts this morning.
On the issue of coal mining, the Prime Minister said, “I don't want to say anything because this issue is subjudice and if I say anything it will not be for me”.
During these two days, there was also an eye treatment by Bansara Eye Care and people from Laitlyngkot and Umtyngar also came to take part in this treatment.
During the meeting, the Chief Minister promised the group that the government will look into the demand to upgrade the Ranikor Administrative Unit to a Civil Sub-Division.
Metro trains have been suspended until 31st October
The deceased were identified as Arphuis Khymdiet and Lambarthu Suchiang, who was driving a gypsy.
We would like to extend our special congratulations to the Dorbar Shnongs, the concerned citizens who stand on the same basis to force the government to implement the ILP. To all the people of the state who have supported the protest of the Sengbhalang to demand the implementation of the ILP, we hope that the people with one mind and unity will continue to support us. We understand that the demand for ILp is not an issue of the political parties but an issue of the state as a whole. Agents of the government but they should understand that the ILP itself is a very important issue in our state.
He said that although there is an increase in these days but it is from the BSF and others who have come from other states, the Governor appealed to the people to cooperate with the government to fight against this COVID-19 pandemic. -19.
Laitunkhreh Police Station has registered a case against the girl under section 70(04)2020 under the IPC and MV Act.
However, after a thorough discussion in the House, the House decided to hand over the Clan Bill to the Executive Committee for further consideration. in this meeting of the people.
The purpose of the visit of the party leaders to Mawreng village was to meet with the parents and family members of the Amebaaihunsha village. the mind is as wide as the Rangbah.
The Election Committee appointed by the CEC of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) to conduct the XIII election to the KSU office for the term 2017-2 The meeting will be held on the 11th June, 2017 from 8 pm to 3 pm at Dinam Hall, Jaiaw, Shillong.
Shillong, Lber 03: The office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Nongstoin has announced that the e-services in the district will start from the 6th of this month
The third part is Know Man Know God, is to go beyond selfishness, as it is now the selfishness that is killing this world today, go to Europe and you will find that many people shitom is the power of the pytkhat.
Jowai, July 19: U MLA of Mowkaiaw, Bah Robinus Syngkon, on his visit to Borate village to learn about the lack of water in the village, found that the cause of the lack of water is The pipes have been closed since 1988 due to the ringing of water in the village.
On the 18th of July, the residents saw Marak riding a bike. On the 19th, Emnuel came to look for Bah Brik Mukhim, Rangbah Dong. If there is no Rangbah Dong, he should have met the Rangbah Shnong on the 20th and 21st of July. He was taken to Civil Hospital on the 3rd of November and died on the 6th. Five Rangbah Dong have lodged an FIR against Emnuel's wife. of Banisha King.
Unemployment, misuse of mobile phones and others.
Shillong, Lber 17: Answering a question by Mayralborn Syiem regarding the development scheme on the border with Assam, the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, said that the government has The allocation for the fiscal year 2022-2023 is Rs.
He spoke about the uniqueness of the number 18 according to Indian beliefs, saying that the Gita has 18 chapters that convey the message of karma, duty and compassion, there are 18 Puranas. and Uppurana, half of the number 18 is 9 which is the sign of supremacy, and the voting age in India is 18 years.
New Delhi, Jymmang 22: Sustainable income growth in the 21st century has been inspired by the rapid development of technology which has changed the way we live, work and communicate.
Prestone reminded that the vehicles that come to transport jhur from the villages to outside the state have received permission from the government and said that they should not be disturbed.
Donal V Thabah said that the union has lodged a complaint at Nartiang Police Station against the Assam police. The government should take action to avoid these incidents. Meghalaya should strengthen that demand as no signs have been received yet.
The Executive Engineer of PWD Mawkyrwat Division, on receipt of the complaint, said that he too has been concerned about the maintenance of these roads. He said that he will take immediate action on this issue and promised to send a letter to the higher authorities of the government so that it can be fully resolved.
Although the time has been only a few months, the Mawhati BCC has expressed its gratitude to Dr. Mukul Sangma for including Dr. Bom in his team.
The implementation of Hill Storm Operation III by the state government has severely affected the GNLA and has forced many to surrender before the government . and civil society organizations to convince them that they should return to the right path.
In his speech, the Prime Minister said that the people want cleanliness and this is the only voice, to bring cleanliness cannot be done by the leaders alone. government without the cooperation of the people and now this struggle to bring about cleanliness has become the struggle of the people.
“This is to expedite the provision of assistance to the youths who have lost their lives, but what is most important is the Rehabilitation Centre,” said the youth. Bribery Expense.
The current member of DHAC from Jatinga constituency is Fleming Rupsi and before him was Moril Massa.
Furthermore, during the inspection of the food shops in the past months on the cleanliness of the morning on 13th June 2023, the union found that the food shops used to use domestic tyndong which is against the law.
India has always been a country based on paper currency.
The Seng also demands that the leaders of these two kurs should think carefully on this issue as it will affect many people.
The PWD (RDS) Central Division, Jowai has accused the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI), the NHAI has accused the PWD of simple infrastructure and simple infrastructure,” said Bah MH Dkhar President. AJYWO Sengkmie through a press release.
The invitation to New Delhi by the Minister of State for Tribal Affairs came after a meeting between the Chief Executive Members on 12th March 2013 in Shillong.
The activities allowed to resume from 20th June are intended to ensure the smooth running of agricultural activities, that the income in the rural areas is stable, that there is income generation opportunities for day laborers and other workers, that some factory activities continue with adequate safeguards and the observance of Standard Operating Protocols (SOPs) and the use of digital payment methods.
The people of the North East are pleased to see that the political parties have worked together to oppose this Bill.
On the other hand, AITC President Mamata congratulated the new office bearers of the party in Meghalaya and urged them to work hard for the party.
The union has decided to meet with the CEM tomorrow morning on this issue, and the union also demands that Bah Sana should be removed and suspended from his post temporarily. only the PIO can hold all the schemes.
This was announced by the Joint Secretary of the party, Bah Ronald P.Kharshiing.
He gave an example in Nongkwai, the PMGSY road construction scheme had to be canceled because it was not possible to allocate land to only one person where the village had to suffer.
At the same time, the party has also warned against Khasi women who want to marry foreigners.
The Cabinet also approved the amendment to the Meghalaya Agriculture Engineering Medical Rule, which is to increase the promotion in the department from 25% to 30%. long 30% promotion from public sector.
This is based on the fact that the shutting down without care or monitoring to ensure that they grow up will be useless.
The people will never forget his contribution to the state.
Shillong, July 01: Assam MP Gautam Gogoi today said he is ready to hold talks with BJP leader Nalin Kholi. He is the spokesperson of the BJP party on issues affecting the North East.
On the other hand, the BJP urges the people to bring in a new government with a new leader.
This country has been described as a country where foreigners are closed, and it is not surprising that it has many strict laws.
Speaking to media after the meetings, Dr Pawar said that in the last six years, the Government has tried to strengthen the health facilities.
Naseer Ahmad Bhat, Sub Inspector, 6BN/RPSF, N.Subba Rao, Sub Inspector, S.E.C.Railway, Thiripal Gottemukkala, Assistant Sub-Inspector, South Western Railway, Subba Rao Natakam, Assistant Sub-Inspector, TC-Maula Ali, to Raghavendra K Shirageri, Assistant Sub-Inspector, South Western Railway.
Shillong, March 23: CoMSO Leaders today met with the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma in the presence of the Chief Secretary, Bah P.Tynsong, at his office at the Secretariat. the demand to include the provisions of the ILP in the Amendment of the MRSSA as demanded from the beginning through meetings with the Government.
Union Minister Shekhawat has held several meetings to inspect and visit the works in the states. North Eastern Region to expedite the implementation of this scheme.
On the other hand, Dr Mukul Sangma, although he has the right to elect his own people, it is understood that he has consulted with the two former Chief Ministers, Bah DD Lapang and Salseng CH Marak. elect ministers in the present government.
Besides, in order for us as the Hynniewtrep people not to be attacked and oppressed by inappropriate laws, the time has come to unite and demand that the Government of India should give power to the Hynniewtrep people. The State shall not be able to refuse to release itself or to amend before the Acts of the Central Government come into force in the State.
Shillong, November 08: Police have received a complaint from Bah Bijoy Pyngrope, resident of Ur-Masi-U-Joh village in Smit that unidentified robbers have broken into his house and stolen They also seized three lakh tyngka and gold worth T.2.20 lakh tyngka.
Through this programme, the party does not want to work without the approval of the people.
He said that the dispute has delayed the implementation of the project to the point that now it is impossible to get a new water supply scheme from the Government of India just because of the delay.
There have been 17 recoveries from the disease today, bringing the total number of recoveries to 91869. Two deaths have been reported from East Garo Hills 1, RiBhoi 1, The death toll has risen to
Replying to a question by Bah Himalaya Shangpliang, the Chief Minister said that there has been a discussion between the Minister of DoNER, the Minister of Agriculture of the Union Government and the Chief Ministers of the Eastern Region. India has been working hard to plant Palm Oil trees.
C.Warjri President FKJGP Mawlai Circle, FKJGP Malki Circle, FKJGP Jaiaw Circle who welcomed the guests from Banalari World Cars, Leaders of Mylliem Youth Welfare Organization, Mylliem Lum. Mylliem Circle, the residents of Lummawbah, Lawsohtun and the residents of Upper Shillong who gathered from the villages of Thaw to welcome the guests during the ceremony. Bah Upper Shillong from Lummawbah Road and so on as part of encouraging Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang to continue to provide more accurate service in the days and times to come.
The Director General said this while speaking at the Media Workshop – Vartalap held in Shillong today on the topic of 'Media and Election'
Therefore, at our meeting today, we have decided to call for a 12 hour curfew on the 13th of this month from 5 pm to 5 pm. East Jaintia Hills District as a sign of our protest against the government's failure to deteriorate the NH 44, from Tuberkmai Shnong to Malidor.
The Shillong Press Club and a group of journalists from Ribhoi District have expressed their deep sorrow on receiving the news of the passing away of Bah Ronaldstone Syiem.
The introduction of GSTN, a technology company to run the platform, is a good step.
After this incident, the leaders of the Seng Khasi Mawlaingut, on the 3rd of this month, lodged an FIR at Lumdiengjri PS. arrest the persons involved in this case.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that no new case of COVID-19 has been confirmed in Eastern Khasi Hills District. .
He said it is necessary to have transportation to the remote areas of the state and said that 85% of the villages of Arunachal Pradesh have been connected through the PradhanMantri Gram Sadak Yojna.
The new simplified rules will encourage universities to look closely at the quality of service delivery.
The death toll has now risen to 1 and the death toll has risen to 1582 in East Khasi Hills. The highest number of deaths has risen to 1072 in East Khasi Hills.
The Meghalaya Transfer of Land Bill 1971 was passed on the same ground, that is, it is against clause (e) of Article 19 (1) and was sent to the Central Government but was approved. Because Meghalaya is our State of Scheduled Tribes, we can legislate to impose reasonable restrictions under Article 19 (5).
“The union has asked why the examination conducted by the Meghalaya Medical Recruitment Board should not be allowed? There are many youths from the state who have completed their studies in the field of Medical and this vacancy of up to 170 jobs will allow them to fill these jobs if only Meghalayans are selected. The State Government has opened the door to all Indians.
The four organizations also extend their special thanks to the EJHD police who worked tirelessly day and night to maintain peace and order during the curfew hours in EJHD until the curfew was in place. smoothly without incident and also free from robbers during the curfew hours.
Shillong, Naitung 07: Khadsawphra College Mariang has started a training course for students in the field of football, three times a day.
The issues to be discussed at this meeting are as follows: The main issue that the party has put forward is the Comprehensive Mechanism for the influx of foreigners into the state. , Facilitation Centres, which means entry and exit points.
Judging by the facts, it is not the Indian government that does not want the IOA but the MDA government led by the NPP including the UDP, PDF, HSPDP, KHNAM, NCP, BJP, IND, who rejected it because they remember that at that time when Dr M. Ampareen Lyngdoh, MLA brought the motion on the IOA in the Assembly, the MDA rejected it.
The meeting will discuss in more detail how to act if they no longer want Aadhar.
He sent another letter to the same Executive Engineer, Bah D Tariang.
The Leader of the Opposition, who is also the former CEM of KHADC, said that there is a need to amend the AD Rule to clarify, in fact the convening of a special session should be for only one. a special topic not to be missed.
Therefore, the opportunity should be opened first for the state residents to get employment and also in education in the various courses offered by the Institute,” said the union.
C.Mawkon, Block Development Officer, Wapung C&RD Block.
The Waheh Shnongs together with the Acting Doloi have urged the immediate arrest and punishment of all those involved in violating this rule. , They cannot go through other more difficult routes and appeal to the Meghalaya High Court.
He said that he congratulated Mrs India Universal for taking this award.
Tura, July 16: Meghalaya Police and Bangaluru Police today arrested the Vice Chairman of the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) from the city. your house.
Therefore, the CAA 2019 has violated and discriminated against the traditional religious groups.
In connection with this incident, police have registered a complaint against these suspects and the investigation into the incident is ongoing. run.
If the government does not listen or act unfairly, it is necessary for the Court to challenge other rights that teachers should receive as a reward for their rightful service to educate the youth. read until they have learned at various levels.
When asked whether he has sent the names of the NPP as stated by the National President and Chief Minister, Dr Kharlukhi said he has not. The appointment and removal of any candidate is the authority of the Chief Minister.
Speaking to the athletes, Prime Minister Duh said, “While you were in the middle of the fighting in Birmingham, billions of people of the country watched here in India at night to watch your fights.
The meeting will be conducted by the Minister of Food and Civil Supplies, Prof.K.V.Thomas.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act.
The incident happened in New Colony, Laitumkhrah. When the neighbors heard about the incident, they informed the family members and immediately rushed to the scene. However, she was pronounced dead on arrival at the hospital.
The objective of the Viksit Bharat SankalpYatraka is to provide information and deliver the benefits of schemes related to sanitation, financial services, electricity, housing and others.
In the past few years, it has encouraged the private sector to come forward to participate in health in the form of Private Public Participation.
Weibha Nongtdu Lakiang has scored 4th position in the Top-20 in the SSLC examination
Therefore, the Dalloi of this area wants to fight against these evils and damage to this river which falls under his jurisdiction as the Dalloi of this Elaka of the District Council, and especially to provide to protect the public from the spread of Corona virus in the area.
KSU leader Bah Marnger said that the attempt by the BSF to buy land near the uranium deposit is not new. Hills but the party and the people opposed and this plan failed.
Speaking at the meeting, Samla Osternick Marbaniang said that the presence of Mendie Ri poses a great threat to the Jaitbynriew, because the Mendie Ri live with us but we don't know their evil intentions and they can “We must stand now as young people to protect our land because it is our perfect land and we must not be afraid when foreigners come to intimidate us especially. I'm from Bangladesh,” said the young man.
There will be volunteers to provide parking.
The donation was led by KSU Mawkyrwat Circle, Shngimawlein Unit and Pyndenmawthawiang Unit.
The first leaders of this circle were sworn in by Raymond Kharjana, Organizing Secretary, KSU NKHD Unit, James Hitler Mawphniang, Legal. Affair Secretary of KSU Sengkmie, General Secretary of KSU NKHD Unit, Leaders of KSU Nongpoh Circle and others.
During the meeting, John said that the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has appreciated the assistance and promised that the law will not forgive anyone. those involved will be punished according to the law.
Under the leadership of Dr. BR Ambedkar, the Constitution, which contains this principle, has led us to the path of social justice and the elimination of all forms of discrimination.
Thus, the transmission of intelligence or the transmission of information in the brain or the transmission of information to others means.
He urged the people to be vigilant even after receiving the vaccine because only two months after receiving the second dose, the human body will be protected from Corona.
In Nongkhlieh constituency, the EC has appointed a daloi who has not been suspended.
When this Act was passed, there were no rules, which said that you need to do this especially Meghalaya is the gateway.
According to the letter sent to the office, it is a matter of speaking to request permission to introduce Private Members Bills, which is according to rule 65(1). The question was asked why the Speaker of the House has deviated from the rule of procedure and said that he will request to bring the Bill and why you have not ordered to bring the bill. The action on that day is a breach of privilege.
This action of the Department of Agriculture is intended to mislead but as the youth have understood that this cannot be misled, the selection of students should be like the selection of students who go to study. MBBS, Engineering, B.Pham should be so what is being done now is against the rules and regulations of the state government.
At the same time, the government encourages the traders to sell online if possible, if possible to deliver to their homes. the Ministry of Agriculture and the Deputy Commissioner.
The soldiers recovered several items including a mobile phone and a Bangladesh SIM card.
Pynïaid Sing Syiem said the EC has directed the Deputy Secretary in charge of Land Department to send a letter to all banks requesting them to recognize the documents received from KHADC to verify the ownership. land according to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Regulation and Administration of Land Act 2021.
He said that as public leaders, we will work for their employment.
The groundbreaking ceremony for the construction of the stadium was attended by the village officials and residents of Dong Mawbynna, Kharang from the parents and youth of the village. Village.
In such times of the fourth century, when the whole world is facing a real crisis, that the powers of the gods who are able to protect and protect this disease are not allowed to spread. It will come to spread in this land of Hynniewtrep, which by the power of God, will be destroyed or driven away from this face of the earth.
On the other hand, Conrad urged the people to vote for the NPP candidates this time to bring about change in income in Meghalaya.
However, what he has done now when he has been given the opportunity to serve the people of the state, he has turned his attention to corruption and we see how he protects corrupt people,” said Bobeeta Sharma.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: Four cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills, two in South West Khasi Hills and one in South West Khasi Hills. Hills District 1, West Jaintia Hills 1.
Police from the Infiltration Department came and deported the Bangladeshis outside the Meghalaya border.
“The inability of the owner to come when they called shows us that there is something behind the allegation.
The Minister said that due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the tourism industry has been severely affected and the government is preparing how to revive this industry in the state.
He said the CoRP supports the VPP party which has taken the initiative to take action on this issue and will continue to support until the government implements the demand for the future of the children. young country and nation.
The MLA made this demand after he found that there is a big problem faced by the people because the fare of sumo is very high and this affects the people who are low income. .
On the other hand, the BSF has been conducting checks from time to time on what they should do at the border. Two checkpoints have been opened on the border with Bangladesh in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Naitung 24: While SF-10 police were patrolling at Chambildam village in East Garo Hills District, a shooting incident occurred at Rongjeng Police Station this morning. The GNLA suspects attacked the police and the police opened fire. There were no casualties on both sides.
The Saubhagya scheme has been divided into two phases, the first phase is for Khasi Hills and a tender has been called for T.173.60 crore. for Garo Hills, the tender was called for T.179.00 crore and after review it was increased to T.270.37 crore.
“This has benefited the central government,” said Zenith Sangma.
On July 2, 2006, Barley Chullet, brother of Lobi Chullet, lodged a complaint in Jowai. Police Station against Shem Langstang, Tharki Langstang and Hiarki Langstang on charges of involvement in the rape of Lobi Chullet on July 1, 2006 at Ait Shrieh. A case has been registered under Section 302/201/34 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).
Speaking on the DCRG, he said that according to the government's approval, only those who have retired from 1/1/2017 to 2022 should be given the DCRG. before 2017 and after
Only Parliament can bring about any amendment to the laws that existed before the Constitution of India.
It is a walk from Phlangtyngor village and takes only 45 minutes through the lawbah lawsan and farmland.
: The Catholic Association of Shillong (CAS) on Friday invited the residents of Shillong as well as the Catholic Church and the faithful of various religious groups to take part in the Participate in the Peace Rally for Peace in Manipur on the 5th of this month from 10:00 am starting from Iewrynghep Square and ending at Don Bosco Mini Stadium, Laitumkhrah. , Shillong.
Jowai, Iaiong 03: The surrounding coal mines of Myntriang village have become dirty and unclean and can also cause diseases. that train.
Shillong, Naiweing, 30: All the speakers of the leaders of the civil society at a public meeting held today at Madan Stuent where tens of thousands of people from all over the Khasi Hills have gathered to attend the ceremony. They said that the government should implement the Inner Line Permit and if the government refuses, they will continue to protest.
In the complaint sent to Delhi, it was stated that on 12.07.1967 a decision was taken to implement the Proclamation of 1876. This decision was accepted by both sides but it was not accepted or to implement this notice.
He said the party strongly condemns the killing of two foreigners Ishan Singh and Sujit Dutta in Ichamati village by robbers.
The JSU has urged to implement these issues for the good and benefit of the country and the nation as a whole.
The Dorbar Ri shall be inclusive of all without discrimination and without any religious discrimination. The Dorbar Ri shall take certain decisions and shall discuss the letter of the National Commission for Schedule Tribes, (NCST), dated 26 April 2013 directing the Ministry of Tribal Affairs, Govt of India to implement the promises under the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement 17 Aug 1948, signed and approved between the Government of India. India and the 25 Khasi Hills States on 17th August
Many people were injured and members of the HITO were shot and bomb by the police. At the time of writing of this news, it is not known how many members of HITO were injured and shot by the police. Police and it is not known how many policemen were injured in the clashes.
At the same time, the JSU has made it clear that it does not want to see only the demolition of the Civil Hospital Jowai but to lay the foundation stone for the reconstruction soon.
The Symbut Myntri Rangbah also warned against those who try to spread false news regarding the COVID-19 pandemic and the government has directed the relevant authorities to arrest and punish them according to the law. .
At the same time, the CSWO urged the government to find ways and means to curb the protest. He said that the ILP will not bring any benefit to the people of the state but will affect the income and economic development of the state. from other states of India.
The Chennai-Andaman & Nicobar (CANI) Project at a cost of Rs 1,224 crore was launched and handed over to the country by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on 10th March Nailar, 2020.
If we can abolish Sati Pratha, if we can bring laws to eliminate female infanticide, if we can talk against child marriage, if we can take strong decisions against dowry, why can't we talk against triple talaq? We have taken this decision which is necessary in the belief in democracy and the Constitution.
The meeting was also attended by the Principal Secretary Prestone Tynsong, Government Minister Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, Chief Secretary DP Wahlang, former MLA HM Shangpliang and others. Augustine Marak of the GNC and others.
The Cabinet has also fixed the same price for autorickshaws at T.14 per kilometer and after that the fare for autorickshaws will be T.6 per kilometer.
Many of the speakers at the rally against suicide said that this can be prevented by talking and sharing with those people who have this thought of taking their own lives. which kills itself.
Condemning Sarma's statement that it was because of religion that worked in Meghalaya that led to the defeat of the NDA in the last Lok Sabha elections, Basaïawmoit said, “This Himanta Biswa Sarma, Chief Minister of Assam, who has been accustomed to saying the wrong thing, should look after his own affairs and and that he may take good care of his garden outside his house.
Shillong, November 04: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that besides the existing government markets, the government has also built many farmers' markets in the state and allowed the farmers to set up their farmers' markets. of rules to regulate the market.
u Judges
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with the Chief Secretary, Ranikor MLA Martin M Danggo said that they hope that the Civil Sub Division will be opened soon. The government has announced the upgradation of the Ranikor Administrative Unit to the Ranikor Civil Sub Division.
The law is not for those who have responsibility and for honor.
Jymmang 07: A 16 year old child named Sunil Chakma from Diwasita village of Tripura District has disappeared from the Children Home on 3rd February Krist Syiem Social Welfare Centeramdong West Jaintia Hills District, Child Welfare Department Jowai.
It was also announced that the government will encourage the farming of animals without the use of pesticides and the state government in June will receive a loan of T.220 crore from the central government. to strengthen the pig, cow and pig farming industry.
The Government officials agreed that the time and work requires to pay the salaries of the VEC and AEC office bearers, and agreed to send the report to the Cabinet of the Government of Meghalaya.
The Director said that there will be no Personal Interview but the recruitment will be based on the Entrance Exam written by the students and the advertisements will be published from time to time.
Ibanriakor Lyngkhoi from Weiloi, Mawsynram Constituency on Tuesday was honored by the Weiloi Sports Club after winning the Tata Steel Marathon. Kolkata 25K. The awarding ceremony was held at ISBT, Mawiongrim, Shillong after returning from Kolkata, West Bengal on Tuesday in the presence of the Adviser of Weiloi Sports Club Presius Kharnaior. .
Indian Oil's LPG Bottling Plant in Banka, Bihar, Indian Oil's LPG Bottling Plant in Banka will boost Bihar's 'AtmaNirbharta' by meeting the demand for LPG.
The Women's Wing of the Unitarian Church in Khasi Jaintia and Karbi Anlong has also conducted a white ribbon campaign to raise awareness about the prevalence of violence against women.
On the other hand, the FKJGP leader said that the bill has been passed but nothing has been done to make the rules since 2013 but nothing has been done yet. The land for the construction of entry and exit points has already been visited but the government has not taken them yet.
In accordance with the State's Electric Vehicle Policy 2021, up to 100 electric buses will be operated in Shillong and Tura.
Shillong, Nailur 29: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma in the presence of the Minister in charge of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui today inaugurated 50 schools. Lower Primary and Upper Primary which have been renovated in the first phase.
MeECL has cut off electricity supply to all these households and will issue notices to these people in these days to be fined.
In another joint operation, the BSF in South Garo Hills District seized 16,000 kilos of sugar from a house in the forest under Rongra Police Station. They were arrested on the Bangladesh border and handed over to the police for further investigation.
We request the State Government to ensure that the schools in Meghalaya should have the necessary equipment so that the students can pass the CUET examination,” said the union.
The Chief Minister was accompanied by the Minister in charge of School Affairs Deborah Marak, Parliamentary Secretaries Brigady Marak, Cherak W. Momin, Sengnam Marak and Marthone J. Sangma.
Regarding the GHADC, it was alleged that the misuse of the SAG funds allocated by the central government is excessive and this was found through the RTI which they have already requested. The EC has not included the BJP even though they are in the MDA government. The SAG said that the central government in the 2015-16 fiscal year has allocated T.133.12 crore to the KHADC and T.133.12 crore to the GHADC. 100.71 crore and JHADC Rs 33.37 crore.
The growth in startups around the world is driven by the growth and innovation of startups.
Shillong, Nailur 28: Eight new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Shillong, three from Ri Bhoi, one from South West Garo Hills and two from West Garo Hills. There are 3 recoveries today.
Amit Shah directed the security forces to work in mission mode and ensure prompt response in strong cooperation.
Shillong, November 01: U Commissioner and Secretary to the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya, Dr. Andrew Simons today sent a letter to Dr Mukul Sangma requesting him to clarify within nine days the demand for nomination from the Legislative Assembly. Congress has filed a complaint against Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh.
In his speech, Bah S Rashi, one of the governments, said that it is time to rethink how society treats women and at the same time to give them that freedom. freely and at the same time to protect them in a proper manner.
Shillong, July 30: The Deputy Commissioner, West Khasi Hills District, Nongstoin today informed the public that there will be a public hearing especially for the Rangbah Shnongs of Nongstoin Block on 6th November 2017 regarding the scheme. known as the Pradhan Mantri Ujjwala Yojana which is a scheme of the Central Government.
At the time of writing, the search operation in the area is ongoing to search for the kidnappers. (SP News).
The Minister said that the Meghalaya Games should be held every year and this is to open the door for talented youth to take part and reach the top. higher levels to qualify for the National, International and Olympic Games.
Therefore, the Chief Executive Members often have to go to the White House to seek protection from the violence and violence of the EC, Khadc, from time to time.
He said that the PWD Shillong South Division will be moved to Pynursla and this will help to reduce the traffic jam in Shillong. He said that the relocation of government offices from Shillong will continue.
Once the knowledge has reached the climax, it will begin to decline.
“This shows that cities that are not included in the NCAP do not have to be clean,” Dahia said.
Ganol S Massar won his first MLA election from Nongskhen Assembly Constituency on the HSPDP ticket in 1983, in 1988 on the HPU ticket and in
“It is surprising how GR Infra, the company which is currently constructing the NH-44, is willing to put up signboards and mention the names of villages, townships and places. in Jaintia Hills along the NH-44, without consulting the village leaders to get the exact names and spellings of all these places, so that there will be no misleading of the “We have insulted and affected the Dorbar Shnongs, Dorbar Dongs and the indigenous people of Jaintia Hills by doing such things,” said Bah MH Dkhar, President of AJYWO Central Body.
He said that when remembering the great men, we should also remember their sacrifice like Syiem Tirot Singh sacrificed his life in prison for the sake of the country.
The curfew is for those coming from different states and abroad as well as to prevent the spread of the corona virus in the region.
Regarding the request for a Police Station in the area, the Chief Minister said that they will not discuss this because they want to resolve the border between the two states. , the union has expressed its desire to be in Meghalaya.
When the SP News Agency visited the area, which has been built by the government to store agricultural products such as rice and jhur, it has become a hole in the ground. The newspapers in this area have been destroyed because the government has not used them.
“When a country like India with many differences, with many people fighting against various challenges moves forward, it encourages other countries.
She acknowledged that the current neutral monetary policy, which is based on a data-based approach.
On this occasion, the Department of Agriculture in charge of soybean planting has taken the names of all the farmers who produce soybeans from the villages and most of them are from East Khasi Hills District. Riwar, from Pynursla, Sohra and Mawsynram Block.
Not only that, members of the KSU South West Khasi Hills District also closed down the State Bank of India Ranikor Branch.
Death from infection or other causes are exempt from the penalty of the law.
Many meetings have been held for the President's visit to the state.
In a statement of condolences sent to the wife of Bah Ronald, Kong Baailang Lyngdoh Nonglait, the Shillong Press Club and the journalists of Ribhoi District have also expressed their gratitude to the family of Bah Ronald. He has been working as a journalist for Kotkhubor Kynjatshai and All India Radio for more than 15 years.
NPP leader Nongbri said it was the lack of responsibility of Dr Mukul Sangma during his tenure as prime minister even in the committee set up by his government in
In West Khasi Hills, 6, Ri Bhoi 83, West Jaintia Hills 15, East Jaintia Hills 18, West Garo Hills 31, South West Garo Hills 2, South Garo Hills 2 and North Garo Hills
The festival celebrates the immortal journey of Rukmini from Arunachal Pradesh to Gujarat with Lord Krishna.
The members of the Executive Committee of the Acting Sordar, expressed their desire to attend the funeral of Bah Massar, but it is very difficult for them to attend, because the There is a lockdown by the government.
In this incident, the doors of the house were damaged and the documents of the office were damaged.
Susuki Pariat, President of the BJP Women's Wing in Meghalaya, said that this is an honor not only for Meghalaya but for the North East. The Prime Minister of India who gave this special recognition to the traditional border.
and they hope that one day they will be like Manchester United.
During the visit, they found that the villages that pass through this road are from Umdap Rngi, Dupduki, Ronghona and other small villages. It is located on the banks of the Umpli River which separates Ri Bhoi from the Anglong River.
Two children completed the compass drill (agility test) in 7.07sec and 7.09 seconds respectively. Wanmera (blue tshirt), 17 years old, Abanggi (white t-shirt) 16 years old (3.11secs) and Alandi (16 years old) ran 3.11secs. Olympian Ian Campbell and Global International Coach Alistair Tait said the 16-year-old ran 2.81secs in the 10M ladder run. Australia and USA. The Olympian said that the same talents have been found in Mawkyrwat Ampati and Tura (many children from the countryside come to study in Tura). or USA means that they have been trained by national coaches and under the supervision of the Australian Institute of Sports for at least five years.
The Government of Meghalaya prepared the Human Development Index in 2008 with the assistance of the United Nations Development Program (UNDP) and the then Planning Commission.
CoMSO, although they have not received the letter, understands that the rules of the ILP and CoMSO urges the Governor to give his approval to the ILP. it is bad for the Ordinance.
Those who came now were those who had received their farmland but the Syiem Raid had given away the land worked by those who had received the land first.
The MLA was appointed to the post.
The public meeting, which was convened by several leaders who are concerned about the death toll in Jaintia Hills and the State as a whole, was held on the grounds that the National Green Tribunal (NGT) order to ban the mining and transportation of coal without prior permission or notification to the residents of the State.
Mr. Ricky Sohlang said.
The Government has also continued schemes to provide free food items to vulnerable sections of society during the pandemic.
He said that scientists are role models and their research and hard work has shown that we can do anything if we put our minds to it.
The land belongs to Durga Hajong and Sujeet Hajong, residents of Kuligoan under the jurisdiction of Mahenderganj Police Station.
He said that in 2014, if there is a cooperation with the farmers, they will not remove this drug. “The production of urea has been passed by those officials who sit in the Secretariat,” said Banteidor.
The Narendra Modi government has invested more than Rs 14 lakh crore in the development of infrastructure and transportation in the North East.
She said that she has received many schemes and expressed her gratitude to the government for its support in this regard.
If you don't take care of it, you will die.
At the same time, he said that the demand for ILP is still ongoing.
The 60 MLAs can only help with what the 60 MDCs need, that is, that the Sixth Schedule will go ahead and the First Schedule will follow.
Shillong, March 05: U Ganga Prasad today took oath as the Governor of Meghalaya at Raj Bhavan Shillong. Lat is not a new state.
“According to the Minister, the cost of paying the VRR to the employees will amount to about T.7.42 crore.
The cooperation of NGOs is essential to be vigilant in the implementation of development projects.
Answering additional questions, he said that the Land Department alone has registered land at T.25,54,669/-, while the Forest Department has registered T.2,35,68,611/- for Trading License. They received T.1,68,62,117/-.
When contacted by SP News Agency, the Sordar of the village, Bah Kynsai Syiem, said that the arrest was made and when they refused to stand up, nothing could be done. shah cut the load.
In November 2023, the soh ñiamtra will be sold to the public for only three days at the Zest Fest held in Bangalore.
Delicia Jyrwa, Field Publicity Asst, CBC Nongstoinka concluded the meeting with a welcome speech.
This decision was taken as a sign of respect for those souls who have passed away, the meetings and the foundation stone laying ceremony will be held on that date, all the festivals will be cancelled. to share the sorrow with those families who have suffered this sorrow.
Expressing her gratitude to the KSU members who have honored her, Kong Silbi admonished them by saying, “Be careful and be patient.
During all these meetings, they discussed how to pay the salaries of teachers.
And if they step out of line they will be snatched up by others.
Whether it is the authority of the State Government or the Government of India, they should have taken the responsibility to resolve these issues and pass a Bill to enable the Hima Khasi States to get land through the Schedule. or the Constitutional Amendment of the Constitution of India through a new Article to have the force of law.
Four houses, including the Nile, Tigris, Jordan and Euphrates, have taken part in the tournament.
Regarding the shortage of BSNL signal in the city, the BSNL chief informed the Co-Chairman, MSPB, that it is shortage of range power according to the order. He said that as a government company, they have complied with these laws.
We also urge the residents of War Jaintia, from the Rangbah Shnongs, Youth Associations, Various Churches, Mothers' Associations to join hands.
“As we move towards the Lok Sabha elections to be held on the 19th of this month, we will maintain a peaceful and peaceful attitude.
On the other hand, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh said that on his part as Minister of State, he will take action to introduce measures through various policies to achieve the aspirations of the youth.
Shillong has been facing problems in terms of traffic congestion in Shillong, especially during school and office hours and during holidays.
The Seng and the people are surprised that even when the Assam Police were planning to build a station in Khadkasla, the Meghalaya Police did not do anything to provide adequate security to the people from time to time.
The flight from Delhi to Shillong will start on the 21st of this month and will accommodate 72 passengers.
The BJP is struggling to get candidates to contest the 2023 elections in all 60 constituencies in the state. long to assist the president of the party.
He said the Government has sent thousands of security personnel to Manipur just to be spectators of the drama and have not done anything to stop the bloodshed.
On the other hand, the MSSASA led by Bah Aristotle Rymbai said that the protest was held today because the government has not been able to release their remaining salaries. The second is the government's failure to release the remaining T.104 crore for three years. The choice of this day to hold this protest is to surprise the 60 MLAs. They have chosen to turn their attention to the education department especially to the teachers, not only to the SSA teachers but to all the teachers.
The injured were identified as Yash Singh, 5, Simon Singh Kharmuti, 12, Amanda S Kharmuti, 22 and Bandana Kharmuti, Police have launched an investigation into the incident.
On this day, traditional dances were performed in the style of the Khasi people.
The college does not have a full time Principal and Vice Principal, the teachers lack adequate housing and the provision of food for the students of the college is insufficient. compared to other colleges in the state.
The prizes were distributed to the winners by the Chief Guest, the Chief Secretary and other dignitaries who were present on the occasion.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The Tibetan Parliament, which is currently in exile, has urged the international community to support the liberation of Tibet from Chinese rule. Tibetan parliamentarian says they appeal to the international community to support by taking a decision in their country to ask China to allow independence luid him to the Tibetans.
He said that at present 2000 candidates have passed the METET and the government is preparing for the census of the number of employees after which the government will invite applications for the post. Regarding the shooting of teachers, the Ministry of Home Affairs is still seeking a report from the District Administration. said the Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen.
This office has been found to be insufficient even in terms of staff and insufficient light because the generator is also running out from time to time.
The Budget Session will start tomorrow morning and end on the 22nd of this month.
Also speaking on the occasion were the President of KSU Sawsymper Circle, President of FKJGP Sawsymper Circle, Kistoles Marbaniang, Bah Kynpham Kharlyngdoh and other elders of the area and Longkmie.
There are 230 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 94 from West Khasi Hills and 76 from West Khasi Hills. 77,750 people.
The heads of various government departments will also be requested to implement all these rules to ensure that there will be no violation of the social distancing rule in the workplace.
Speaking to the members of CoMSO before the start of the flag raising ceremony, Bah Roy Synrem said that they should raise the flags only to those who welcome them and not to force anyone.
In fact, we have sent the complaint to the Minister of Transport in March, 2023 but the Government has not done anything for almost 10 years,” said Uriah.
The Dorbar Shnong will pray for the parents of all the members of the KSU, who have encouraged their children to come forward without fear.
The question now is whether the ethnic parties will work together in the KHADC? Many of the speakers said that the people have given the opportunity to the ethnic parties to get 17 MDCs and this will be a sign that they have succeeded. The HSPDP will lead the EC in KHADC, which will work with KHNAM and UDP, and as it is now, Bah Ardent Miller said. HSPDP Vice President Basaiawmoit to become CEM of KHADC.
Before MUDA evicted them from the area, it did not look at what would happen to the human rights.
New Delhi, July 10: After taking oath as Prime Minister for the third time, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has signed the first file authorizing the release of the 17th section of the Payment under the PM Kisan Nidhi.
As of July 2019, 54 countries have banned plastics, 32 countries have imposed fines on each plastic bag, Sweden recycles it.
Shillong, November 20: The Session Judge, Shillong has sentenced Bah Tenderlywell Hynniewta to life imprisonment and a fine of T.20,0
Regarding the letter sent by the Minister, the Assam government has not yet responded. They are still waiting for a reply. If the government does not receive a reply, they will think how to act.
It is necessary to explain in detail the preparation of the Riti Academy for the construction of those statues of the heroes of the state.
Speaking to reporters, Sherrard said that in the state, the people here can eat only the daily soh mynken and the soh mynken jhur. Sherrard has started sohmynken cultivation for six months in the country so that the people of this state can experience other varieties of sohmynken which they have never had before. Bhoi District, Nongpoh where he brought nine varieties of sohmynken from California, Canada and Trinidad and brought nine varieties of sohmynken but only seven varieties of sohmynken were available and three varieties of sohmynken were not available due to that it does not fall with the sky in this state.
It is learned that the length of the existing runway is only 1100 meters but what is needed to land the ATR airplane is 1750 meters. further 68 acres.
The Minister urged the people to be patient with us as the talks with other banks are in progress and next month we will be able to resolve these issues. .
The existence of this block will help the people of the area, even in the midst of the lack of funds, the government is struggling to bring development works to the villages.
In commemoration of Swami Vivekananda on his birthday, the Prime Minister said that even in the midst of time, the influence of Swami Vivekananda's teachings remains in our lives.
Replying to this statement by the MLA of 17-North Shillong, the Leader of the Opposition Dr. Mukul Sangma said that it is necessary to arrange the Point of Order under Rule the House and as it is many people are watching what is being said especially now.
The meeting also focused on the deposits of people in banks and the arrival of new currency.
The construction, maintenance, renovation and division of the Library Room at the Old High Court of the Legislative Assembly amounted to 99,590 tyngka.
Those who bring wealth to the country, those who contribute to the wealth of the country all serve the country.
At present, 169 insurgents have been arrested, 27 have been shot dead, 13 civilians have been killed and more than 100 have been abducted. you 20 people.
Shillong, Nailur 2: The Principal Secretary Home, KS Kropha, today said that according to the estimates received by the government, all those who arrived at their workplaces during the curfew called by the civil society organizations it reached only 25%.
ka MYAFWe cannot ignore the fact that the rapid growth of foreigners in the state will inevitably lead to the violation of the right to own land and become low paid in our own country. Therefore, there is an urgent need for a strong law to enforce this issue as demanded by the civil society for the ILP. Verification of Tenants Bill but it will be harmful if there are no rules to restrict the entry of foreigners.
New Delhi, Naiwieng 26: The Food Security Bills, 2011 were introduced by the Union Government in Parliament on 22nd November 2011 with the aim of providing food security to the rural and urban areas. The government has allocated up to 75% of the food needs to the specially identified households.
Shillong, Iaiong 30: The Cabinet of Ministers of the Union Government has decided that from tomorrow morning, government ministers and officers will no longer be allowed to use light saws in their government vehicles. the whole country.
As ethnic parties, we must understand and work together for a common goal to survive and as the North East of India is recognized as one group.
This announcement was made after receiving a complaint from the Executive Engineer of PWD in charge of NEC Roads, Khliehriat.
He said the establishment of the new Nalanda University would usher in the golden age of India.
Meghalaya, although small, has a rich natural resources, in terms of its nature and fame.
Shillong, Lber 03: The Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya has approved the request of the Minister of Factories, Bah Sniewbhalang Dhar for T.2 crore to pay the employees of MCCL till the end of this year. the month of October.
Shillong, July 01: U Bah Benediction Buam, General Secretary of Muktapur Village, on Tuesday said that eight persons who had returned from Bangladesh have been arrested. on 31.5.2020 from Jarain village.
At this meeting, the union decided to submit a memorandum to the Chief Minister on Friday.
He said that as the children of the Syiemiong clan, they strongly oppose the suspension of Bah Patrick because the allegations against him are false.
Regarding the Village Administration Bill, the government has scheduled a meeting on Friday between the government, KHADC and SRS to discuss the issue.
In his speech, Bah PT Sawkmie, while congratulating the government for bringing this decision, said that today has been a memorable day for the people of the state.
“We have already written to the government and we have also discussed this with the Meghalaya government led by the DC of East Jaintia Hills District and the EE of PWD. (Rds) Central Division Jowai on the 17th of this month where the government has promised to repair this road from today but no sign has been received. and the government has thanked us.
The entry fee for this tournament is T.
During the meeting, the EM in charge of Land and Shyiap requested to amend the Land Transfer Act so that all three District Councils should have equal powers in this regard. role.
The Hima Mylliem on 13th July 2013 has issued an order removing Bah Rapbor Roi Thangkhiew as Rangbah Shnong and appointing Bah Maurise Lyngdoh Myrdon as Acting Rangbah Shnong in his place. Village Headman.
Before the rally, the Sharman of COHSO, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, in his speech, said that what led the 14 civil society organizations to oppose the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill You can also write to the Joint Parliamentary Committee.
In the past, the KSU has often stood alone against the proposal to mine uranium when there have been comments from the paradoh parasnam as to why the KSU is against the development.
On the other hand, Conrad MP of Tura who led the delegation explained that the Chief Commissioner's office has been in Shillong for more than 15 years and this office is the only office that has been in existence for more than 15 years. The office has already purchased 15 acres of land to build this office in Shillong.
XVII, he said that the elections in Meghalaya will be held in 2018 and for the PDF party, Mombati will be the party's leader in Meghalaya.
Latest reports said that the name of Bah Latiplang was sent on Tuesday and will now go to the Governor for his approval.
The East Khasi Hills Local Taxi Welfare Association (EKHLTWA) on the 11th of this month held a flag raising ceremony.
Shillong, Naitung 15: Speaking at a public meeting of the KSU Sohra today to explain the opposition of the KSU to the railway line, he said that this is not the first time. Initially, the party fought against the railway line to reach the state, but they have been fighting against it since
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The Mawkneng Youth Wing (MYA) has found through RTI that the job cards of the 100 days NREGA workers in Kyndong Wahlang village have been cancelled.
Jowai, Naiwieng 17: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Laskein Circle has renewed the new office bearers of its two offices at Iooksi and Saphai.
The NHIDCL has ordered the NHIDCL to deploy personnel on the NH-40 road due to heavy rainfall. Police have helped the youths today. read to deliver to the examination centers of those who have been closed due to the collapse.
The Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, today said that in the last two and a half years, the government has already approved up to T.5000 crore for the construction of roads in the state. a little while.
The purpose of this game is to raise awareness among the people of the area that if they need any assistance in terms of the law, they can get assistance.
Jowai, Naitung 28: The protest by the civil society and the expectation of the people of East Jaintia Hills to get a good road from the NHAI is still in the air as the NHAI has not yet set a time or date. The government through the PWD department has said that at present the NHAI does not believe in the construction of this road because the Simplex Company which has received the work but has been allowed to leave and now the NHAI will call a tender. On the other hand, while the tender has not been called, the NHAI has allocated T.24 crore to the road construction department for the repair of the NH-4
New Delhi, Nailar 26: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday visited the ISRO Telemetry Tracking and Command Network (ISTRAC) in Bengaluru after returning from Greece and addressed the ISRO team on the success of the ISRO team. Chandrayaan-3.
It is up to the EC to take a decision and it cannot be decided alone.
He said that these three colleges were started in 2008 and completed in 2020. He said that the vision of Captain WA Sangma, Lodhsing Sangma will not come true if the students of these colleges do not succeed. IAS, IIT, IIM and other examinations and this college should not be just a home but should make the youth good people.
There is no law or government regulation that allows them to do what they do.
He also urged the members that when the country and the nation needs, the members should be ready without using the power and to put aside fear and take responsibility for the country and the nation.
The HYC doesn't care how much they want but they should ensure that it reaches the people.
He explained how drugs increase body weight, eyesight and so on, but said that if you see these physical changes in a child it means it is too late to control the drugs. your drug use.
“Now is the time for our people to be wise and farsighted.
She said that the Union has sent a petition to the government but they have not received any reply from them. The government has not done anything, so the union has had to face a huge problem.
For this special recognition, those who wish to be an example in the field of agriculture can call the President or Secretary of the Central Body or the Presidents and Secretaries of the Districts, Blocks, Circles. and units.
These include the South Zone Cultural Centre, the South West Zone Cultural Centre, the West Zone and others.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Khasi Authors' Society (KA) will hold a General Meeting and Discussion on the theme “" on Saturday, 25th June, 2024 at 10:30 am at the Arts and Culture Hall, Shillong.
When contacted by SP News Agency, the Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills to find out the names of the four deceased persons who were shot dead by the crowd and who are still on the run. The author of this news has not yet provided any information on the incident.
U Bah Shangpliang said that the celebration of this special day will no longer be a joke, but it will be a special and important celebration for the farmers. The farmers were also approved by the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma at the Meghalaya Farmers Parliament in Tura on November 9,
The Wahadadar, Executive Members of the Shella Confederacy and also the Miners & Exporters Association of the area on the 6th October 2020 at 12:00 pm at Mawmluh, Sohra Dorbar Hall. These are the characteristics and also to take further steps.
Does the NH-6 pass through hills, rivers, or forests that don't need to be named on your signboards?
The briefing also aims to promote healthy eating and showcase government initiatives to tackle malnutrition by promoting healthy eating habits.
He said it is time to educate the public about the dangers of these practices which affect not only the environment, but especially the health of the people.
Therefore, we believe that the new Office Memorandum issued on July 14, 2023 is the Roster of Backlog which is confidential as the data has been taken since 1972 through the Roster Register,” he added. .
Hek thanked the Dorbar Shnongs and the media who have worked together to fight against COVID-1
Shillong, Nailar 05: The 49th Annual Cultural Competition was held on Saturday, 5th July 2023 at Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda Cultural Centre, Quinton Road, Shillong.
At the moment the government has passed the resolution, there is hope that this issue will be resolved soon, because it has seen the approval of all the legislators in the last House, but it is sad to say that only A few months later, it became clear that the resolution was not complete and full of shortcomings.
Amendment- Syrdepaiñ to revise the law which has been found to be outdated and needs to be repaired according to the demands of the times.
Afghanistan, Pakistan and Nigeria.
Three officers who have been suspended are the Director of Inquiry and Prosecution, Bah J. Rymmai, a former IPS officer; Inquiry Officers Bah RPde and Anil K. Sangma.
The purpose of the marathon is to attract tourists to Meghalaya to increase employment opportunities for the people.
In his speech, James Lyngdoh, Working President of the MPCC, said that the party will win this election with the cooperation of Dr Celestine Lyngdoh as the new President of the MPCC. The former MPCC President said that as a party we need cooperation and this cooperation will bring victory and he hopes that the Congress will continue to do so. come back in power.
Shillong, March 11: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today inaugurated the Nartiang Police Station in West Jaintia Hills. and the MLA of this constituency who is also a Minister in the government, Bah Sngewbhalang Dhar.
In a letter submitted by KHNAM to the Secretariat today, they wrote, “Don't just talk but do”.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: After the state government announced to implement the new salary of government employees from November next month, the employees of KHADC have been waiting for The EC has decided to implement the new salary according to the 5Pay Commission of the State Government. Because they cannot have their own Pay Commission, the KHADC will have its own Pay Commission.
In the past few days, they have arrested Jobkupar Wahlang, Sibu Swargiary, Robert Lamlasuong Singson, Richir C. Marak and Barimon Laloo.
He said that when the village is clean, the surroundings of the household are clean.
After the silence, the flag of the Federation of Khasi States was hoisted by Bah Harlinjai Skhemlon, Sirdar Hima Mawdon, and Secretary, Federation of Khasi States.
There are 34 recoveries, 26 from East Khasi Hills, 3 from Ri Bhoi, 3 from West Garo Hills and 2 from West Jaintia Hills.
Before the CEM delivered his speech, the opposition leader demanded that the Chairman of the House should adjourn the House immediately as the sound system inside the House is not working. long those who are in power and what is said by the power they don’t like.
Police have arrested the suspect under Section 66(E) of the Information Technology Act and Section 420/506 of the IPC. not their names because they are still children.
At the same time, the Dorbar urged that the MDC election is over, and it is time for the KHADC and JHADC authorities to codify the Acts and Rules. Many of them in JHADC and KHADC and especially in the 53 + 1 Hima/Elaka in Khasi Hills and 18 +1 Elaka in Jaintia Hills, which will be the stieh of the children of thousands in this age where they speak only of the Laws and Rules.
Shillong, Nailur 02: U Bah Kit Thabah, President of the All Meghalaya Dancers Association (AMDA), on Tuesday said that Meghalaya is one of the states that has fallen into poverty. don have young children.
Because the government is silent, the union of commercial vehicle owners will continue to strike until the government calls for talks or grants the demands of the union.
The KHADC has also introduced its own fees for the registration of land.
A family from Riangmang village, Eastern West Khasi Hills District has become ill after eating pork bought from a meat vendor in the village. The Dorbar has sentenced him to death.
He said the country is full of hope for the players from Meghalaya.
Shillong, June 25: The road from SOS Village in Umiam to Lum Sohpet Bneng has not yet been painted despite the completion of Mawsaling.
The BSF seized the smuggled goods while the smugglers were trying to cross the Bangladesh border.
The NESO curfew has been implemented throughout Meghalaya, in all 11 districts.
““From 7th June 2011, the Meghalaya Police Act, 2010 has been promulgated and Section 73 (2) Chapter XII stipulates that the State Government within three months of the commencement of this Act shall enact the “ Police Accountability Commission" to look into complaints from the public about the use of police violence.
Neighboring areas will be open from Monday to Tuesday, from 9 am to 5 pm, so that the residents can buy and sell essential items.
Replying to a supplementary question by other Members of the House regarding the transformers, the Minister said that MeECL currently has three transformer repair centers, one at Umiam, one at Dakopgre and one at Mendipathar and if there are too many transformers, MeECL also sends them to private construction sites.
Many of the parents said that it doesn't matter if the schools allow them to pay at least three times, but many of them have to pay twice and this is a problem because not only They have to pay the entrance fee but they still have to buy uniforms for their children.
The court has fixed the date for the hearing of the case on the 19th of this month.
Shillong, June 07: Former Laitumkhrah MLA and Rajya Sabha MP Robert Kharshiing, 63, passed away today at Nazareth Hospital Shillong after a long illness. for.
Shillong, March 19: “I am also a member of the High Level Committee and I have been involved in submitting a suggestion to the government on how to evacuate the people living in Them Metor,” said Titosstarwell Chyne CEM. Speaking to reporters, the CEM of KHADC said that the District Council is involved in the report of the HLC, as you know that the area falls under the Hima Mylliem.
Until today we are living in illegal activities whether in forestry, quarrying, mining, mining we are in conflict with many of the laws of India, for example The United Khasi –Jaintia Hills Autonomous District (Appointment and Succession of Chiefs and Headmen) Act 1959.
Shillong, Nailar 18:The FKJGP Mawprem Circle, strongly condemns the rape and assault on a young man Lamphrang Uriah in Bishop Falls Lower Mawprem on August 8, 2014 by some people who wanted to spread the word. They took the life of Lamphrang Uriah.
Teinwell's remarks were in response to the opposition's statement that they don't want to see him as CEM for only one year but for all five years. it will only be one year as reported in the media.
He said that even the Congress party has opposed the ILP but the protest of CoMSO has led the party to support the demand for ILP and congratulated all the MLAs who have accepted the demand for ILP. the demand of the people.
Bah Paul Lyngdoh should first confirm whether they are the leading leaders as published in the newspapers, and the party itself will be ready to provide information on its members.
The DG, SCOPE said that the purpose of holding this meeting in all the regions is to provide more information, information and discussion on various aspects of RTI. Speeches by Government officials and teachers, this meeting is another step of SCOPE to take its training activities to different parts of the country, through workshops on helpful topics. such as Corporate Governance, Climate Change, Women Empowerment, Leadership, Digital Transformation and many more.
In this meeting, the teachers urged the government to provide this salary to the teachers as the teachers have served the state for more than 35 to 40 years in this field of teaching. they rest from their work, they sit empty-handed.
“Regarding the land issue, it is regrettable that the Syiem has acted without convening the Executive Dorbar and the Dorbar Pyllun especially the major issues related to Mylliem and others which we have complained about.
The Government of India has taken the first step to encourage women to participate in athletics and this year 2023 it has organized the Khelo India Women's League.
The programs for economic development in the last 10 years have focused on all households and people through 'housing for all', electricity for all, cooking gas for all, bank accounts and financial services to all, in a very limited time, she said.
Therefore, training should be good and cover all aspects of driving all types of vehicles.
Nationwide, 97 winners from different states and from Meghalaya the winners are Witawan Sungoh, Anganwadi Worker, Lumshor, Thadlaskein ICDS Project. , West Jaintia Hills District and Mrs. Silbi Pohing, Anganwadi Worker Rata Cherra, West AWC Khliehriat ICDS Project, East Jaintia Hills District.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has informed that the curfew will be in all the areas under the Shillong Municipal, the areas under the Cantonment.
We find out why the discarded medicines cannot be delivered to the CHCs, PHCs and Sub-Centres.
The HYC has already met with all the political parties regarding this demand of the HYC and all of them have agreed to what the HYC demands except the ruling Congress party. The Congress-led state has ignored the demands of the party.
The KSU has called for a march which started from Nonghylla and ended at Nongjri for about four kilometers. in that region should end.
Operations in the area are underway to drive out the militants from the area.
Shillong, July 23: U Bah Baitlang Pohsngap today announced that he will contest the upcoming MDC elections as an independent candidate from the Jowai South MDC Constituency.
It was reported that at this meeting they found that the work culture of our people has declined too much. To explain the value of work, the organization will provide training to the people in this role to take responsibility for the work.
Leaders of the party including its president, Bah Thomas Passah, and other senior office bearers of the party have hung banners in front of the statue of Kiang Nangbah as a sign of protest. Speaking to reporters, the Working President of KHNAM, Bah Thomas Passah, said that the NPP-led MDA-2 Government has been demanding this demand from the NPP-led MDA-2 Government. A letter has been sent to the Government to request that it should abolish the Personal Interview for recruitment for posts in Group-B, Group-C and Group-D in various departments. The Government has not listened to this demand of the union.
The ships were stolen today belonging to Bah Harmon Ryngksai, Katinos Ryngksai, Seborlang Ryngksai, Morrisi Ryngksai, Bailas, Mar, Head Syngkrem and Dilip from Darang.
Last year, the handover of the land at Shillong Peak for the construction of the Shillong Rope Way Project was witnessed by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
At the same time, they will ensure that tourist taxis coming from Assam will park at this place and those who want to go for recreation will have to take taxis from other states.
Additional Deputy Commissioner (Election) SB Marak, Kharkutta Returning Officer MK Marak, Kharkutta Returning Officer MK Marak on the Code of Conduct and candidacy. Bhupesh Hajong, Returning Officer of Rongjeng.
The work will start in July 2018 and will be completed and implemented in June
The union does not agree with this statement of the EE of MePDCL because there may be something hidden behind it, and the union will continue to investigate why this increase in electricity bill has increased without any reason. official notifications from the Office to the households of various villages within the boundary of East Jaintia Hills.
On the other hand, Bah Sanbor said that for many years the employees of this police department have been living in these old quarters since the time of the Assam government and these houses have been destroyed. bad.
Speaking at the meeting, Dr Mandaviya said the Government wants to ensure that everyone has access to equal health services without any discrimination between the rich and the poor. document.
Pankaj Kumar and Ajay Tirkey were sworn in as members of the Lokpal of India at the office of the Lokpal of India in New Delhi.
Politicians, government officials or any person who interferes with the employment should also be punished.
On this occasion, the former Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Aman Warr, urged the Minister of Health and Family Welfare to register the MHIS so that the poor and needy people can get treatment in this hospital. There is no Ayurvedic treatment available.
The welcome speech was delivered by Theilin Phanbuh, Chairperson of the Meghalaya State Commission for Women.
In the past years when there were protests on the part of the civil society when they held protests they took the law into their own hands and these are the incidents of the past. No, but now they should think and if they have that clear intention to talk to the government they should stop all their protests.
Shillong, Naitung 13: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Matsiewdor War Nongbri, has directed the Block Development Officer of Mawsynram Block to collect information from the villages affected by the natural disaster. role in the delivery of food and beverages to the public.
During his two-day visit to Shillong, the Chief of Army Staff met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Dr KK Paul at Raj Bhavan.
Under Modiji's leadership, the 10-year expenditure of the central government on infrastructure projects like roads, ports, railways, and airports has increased by Rs 2 lakh crore more than T.11 lakh crore.
He also recalled the times when the struggle for Government jobs was multifaceted and when corruption was strong in the selection of those who would get jobs.
At the same time, he said that as Meghalaya is a mountainous state, there is a risk of landslides and he urged the people to be vigilant at such times.
On the other hand, the KSU SWKH District has said that from now on, the KSU will take strong action if these offices do not respect the special day of the jaidbynriew, said Samla Pulljohn Wanniang, Asst. .Education Secretary in a statement sent today.
Shillong, July 19: The KSU Iooksi Unit has strongly condemned the tragic incident of murder and rape of a 5 year old girl in Priang West Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: The Additional Chief Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya in charge of General Administration (A) Department today announced that there will be a public holiday in East Khasi Hills District on Monday due to the festival. Crematorium.
Speaking to reporters, Amperene Lyngdoh said, “I am not afraid or worried about their victory.
What is more surprising is that the Act 1959 on the one hand prohibits all the rulers from Rangbah Kur, Rangbah Shnong, Sordar Shnong, Minister, Shnong, Ministers, Basan, Syiem, Lyngdoh, Wahadar, to on the other hand, the Election Act of India states that the election shall be free and fair.
We can't wait any longer.
He said that these ethnic parties are throwing stones at his Government because his Government is strong and stable.
The union expresses its regret to find that there is a shortage of land for the collection and disposal of garbage from Mawkyrwat market.
Many do not recognize him, many have forgotten him, his sacrifices for the cause of the Jaidbynriew.
Dr WR Kharlukhi in his short speech congratulated and expressed his gratitude to the NPP Shillong City for taking this opportunity to honor him.
Speaking at the meeting before the start of the talks between the two countries, he said that Bangladesh will crack down on terrorism from their country and now they are almost able to eliminate it. domestic terrorism.
Superintendent of Police, Shillong City, Vivek Syiem, said that it is true that the police have arrested the President of KSU Mawlai, Biangbor Paliar.
At this meeting, the GEC has authorized the CEC to oversee the work of the party.
Not only pilgrims but thousands of tourists also come to this place and many times they take advantage of such places to create trouble.
The non-disclosure of the names of those infected with Covid-19 raises many questions and raises the possibility that there is something wrong.
On the other hand, the Governor expressed his regret over this incident.
He said the Central and State Governments should work together to pave the way for investment in the region.
Shillong, Naitung 08: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government led by the National People's Party (NPP) has been appointed as the Chief Minister of Meghalaya. The NPP has contested the MLA election from South Tura Constituency to re-elect the Chief Minister of the state due to the absence of an MLA. The MDA government, the UDP, the PDF and others will contest the mid-term elections.
Shillong, March 26: U Vikash Nandwal, a trader in Shillong, who was burnt to death by unidentified persons in his shop in Mophran this month, passed away today. I am from a hospital in New Delhi.
“If they (police) can crack down on the insurgents, why can't they immediately eradicate the drug traffickers in Shillong?
Bah Daly said that it is not easy to find such cranes, because many of the crematoria have no right to mine.
In fact, the government should have announced the sub division on the day of the opening of the new district in Mairang so that the people of Ri Bhoi could celebrate on that day with the people of Mairang. forget about it.
In connection with this incident, Khliehriat Police have registered a complaint in connection with this incident. the village.
In a major step, the Khelo India Games has been recognized as the country's premier sporting event, joining the ranks of other sports and competitions.
The IEC Van will visit 49 villages in Thadlaskein Block to provide information on Government schemes.
This is the second time that the program has been held and earlier in June this year it was held at the SAI Training Center at NEHU with the participation of 527 students from all districts of NEHU. State in Athletics, Boxing and Football.
Regarding the error in the first soskular, JACBOM is now preparing to submit the documents to appeal to the Supreme Court, according to the proclamation of 1876 and the proof that people want to come to Meghalaya. .
Shillong, Naitung 30: The Minister in charge of Labor and Employment, Bah Sanbor Shullai, on Tuesday said that the scheme related to the assistance to employees will be considered and to ensure that all employees those who are eligible for assistance should receive this money.
On the other hand, the office bearers of the Seng Kur Warjri said that although they have been able to take care and fulfill their duties to their fellow citizens, the Covid 19 pandemic has affected not only this family, but to society as a whole.
According to the availability of ration cards in the state, the availability of sugar is 556674 kilos per month and this is to distribute 10 kilos per card for the entire state.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has requested the MLAs to speak in the Dorbar Synrai of the Legislative Assembly on the admission of 8 foreigners to MBBS from Meghalaya. “Last month, when the list of students who have been admitted to MBBS was released, it was found that in the Open Category, there are about 8 bars. states that are eligible for this Category.
One of the demands of the HYC is that the government should implement the ILP in the state as only the ILP can prevent the illegal entry of foreigners into the state. it is on this basis that the organization stands.
“We know that the government wants to close down the dewbilat factory and destroy it, looking at the beauty of this place, it is sad to destroy it,” said Insurance Committee Chairman Renikton.
However, it is sad to know that this government announcement has not been sent to the Sahitya Akademi and the Central Government.
Myntri Rangbah Duh congratulated the Vice Chancellors of universities, heads of institutions and teachers at workshops held at Raj Bhawans across the country to mark the launch of this initiative.
The Seng has also met with the DC South West Khasi Hills District, Kong R.Lyngdoh on this issue and we have also urged that strict action should be taken against these robbers who have dared to violate the rights of children. .
In the Junior Girls' Kyorugi category under 46 kg, Ibapyhnun Kharmyndai of East Khasi Hills defeated Joynilla Ch Sangma of South West Garo Hills while Nokgrikchi G. Momin and Jheanchim B. Marak won the second prize. they received bronze medals.
“We have sent a letter to the Government since last year, but the Government has not yet responded to the letter,” he said.
Police had earlier arrested Issei Sungoh for his involvement in the bomb blast at a police station in Khliehriat in 2021 but he was released on bail by the court.
Khliehriat, July 07:, The Khasi Students Union (KSU) today met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District to get more clarification regarding the check gate at Malidor East. Jaintia Hills District.
With the implementation of GST, there has been a huge benefit in the transportation cost of goods between different states which has led to the shortage of some goods, he said.
The job share should be increased to 93% for STs in the districts, 2% for SCs and 5% for the unreserved category.
The Minister also urged all the states to use the funds allocated by various government departments so that all the people can benefit from various schemes.
Today it was seen that many people who parked cars, bikes, scooty without passes with them, the authorities in charge of the district have imposed fines when they found that they must not be afraid.
The program started with a scientific session in which four (4) teachers of NEIAH gave training on various topics related to the theme of the seminar.
The meeting was to discuss how to work hard for the candidate to win.
Last year, the JSU had put forward three demands before the government, of which only two were met, namely the implementation of the Ialong Civil Hospital and the renovation of the Jowai Civil Hospital. Blood Bank is available for purchase.
The first prize was T50000/-, the second prize was T.20000/- and the third prize was T.10000/-.
Regarding the 100% forgiveness of the light bill, the Congress party has a strong suspicion that this too may be one of the problems if it is the case. He said that with this policy, MeECL will lose about T.700/- crore. The bailight for the factories is T.6.20 per unit and the factories have appealed to the Regulatory Commission and after discussion it has been increased to T.4.90/-. day to come.
Through this e-Vidhan Application, Members of Parliament, State Legislative Assemblies can send their questions and the Government can answer questions through this e-Vidhan and at the same time, the people will know what their leaders ask and what the government answers.
Every household, on the part of the Father, gave a pata in the name of these beneficiaries and the village has also provided for the daily needs such as water supply and electricity. electric.
He said that as the MP of Tura, the task before him is to look after and work for the development of the community, the He said that his father Purno A Sangma has many visions for the development of the region and he will follow up to achieve them.
He said that his desire to contest the MLA election is to serve the people of the area who still need many development projects.
Daniel said that in the past years when they have met with the Vice Chancellors, the answer they have received is that because they are not full Vice Chancellors they cannot do anything with them. He said that the remaining posts cannot be taken until the full time Vice Chancellor is appointed. The purpose of the meeting was to remind the full time Vice Chancellor that he should complete the remaining works within this high school.
In another letter sent to the Minister of State for Forests, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, the union demanded that the Minister should remove CP Marak from his post as he should have remained silent.
In honor of these citizens who came forward to help the police to arrest the robbers, the police today awarded them with a certificate of appreciation. This is the SP of Bah M Kharkrang.
The Chief Minister of Tripura, Biplab Kumar Deb, congratulated the Prime Minister for giving the opportunity to Tripura to host this great programme.
The storm is forecasted to cross the Bangladesh and adjoining West Bengal coasts between Sagar Island and Khepupara by the midnight of May 26, 2024, with wind speeds of 110-120 kmph, gusting up to 135 kmph.
At the same time, to commemorate the opening of the project, a meeting was held to inform the participants how to protect themselves from diabetes which is also one of the causes of blindness. people.
Andhra Pradesh has also received sanction to set up the MPV fleet for Anantapur and Kadapa districts and the funds have been allocated from the Nirbhaya Fund.
This was brought up on the opening day of the Synrai Dorbar.
The UDP is currently looking into the reshuffle of the CEM seat in the KHADC, as the absence of a party law in the District Council has prompted the MDCs to vote for the post of CEM in the District Council. Shillong, Iaiong 04: Eriong Fani has hit Meghalaya today and in this earthquake this storm has also caused the fall of u Heavy rainfall across the state along with strong winds have caused many trees to fall and landslides.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Presclub, Bah Barikupar Mylliemngap said that at this meeting, they unanimously decided to demand from the government to increase their salaries. for as it is now, they have little income.
In his speech, the Chief Minister said that this road has been neglected for many years, this government is now fighting to achieve what the people want. This road is not clean.
It feels that this is just a ploy to suppress other religions in this country.
And the Law No.C&S.3/2009/Pt.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Dr H Gordon Roberts Hospital Shillong today 23rd July 2024 has opened another milestone in its services to the public by opening the Home Care Services at Dr H Gordon Roberts Hospital Shillong. The meeting was held at the Margaret E. Buckley Hall of the Hospital.
These 9 issues were also discussed at the People Democratic Forum (PDF) meeting held on the same day 16.02.2017 at 4.30 PM. these are the 9 mats".
Prizes were also awarded to the winners of the March Past where Little Star Secondary School, Lad Rymbai and Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya (JNV), Rymbai were selected as the winners.
New Delhi, Naitung 03: The Smart Cities Mission is a unique initiative in India's urban development efforts.
When asked by the Principal Secretary Prestone Tynsong, Nongrum said, “I appreciate the initiative of the Government.
Regarding the demand for ILP, the Chief Minister has informed the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, that the Citizenship (Amendment) Act, 2019, has not been passed, although the land of the tribals has been released. It is for this reason that a decision has been taken in the House to implement the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation 1873 in Meghalaya.
Bah Paul said that many of those who want to enter the world of science are from a tribe or religion.
The award was administered by the Government of India, Ministry of Women and Child Development.
The government has not taken action from the beginning, this is clear from the fact that the government has only done the Thermal Screening for those who returned and sent them home and after that they will do the RT- PCR test and there is a fear that this has spread to the public.
According to a statement sent by the army, Sarabjit Thapa is a soldier with a physical disability who has to walk with the support of crutches.
At the same time, the HNLC has strongly criticized the Chief Minister for not doing anything on the peace talks proposal of the HNLC. The Prime Minister and the Minister of State for Home Affairs of the Union Government.
Regarding the Khasi language, he said it would be good to be proficient in speaking and writing in the Khasi language. very helpful if still speaking and writing.
More than 50% of those who have tested positive for COVID-19 in these days are those who have close contact with those who are sick and most of them are from family members, workmates, friends. neighbors and from acquaintances and those who go out and go to public places must strictly follow all the rules including cleanliness and stay away from family members during the year.
In distributing the Word of God, Archbishop Lyngdoh expressed his gratitude to God for the arrival of the Salesian Group in Shillong.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that the state will have two oxygen cylinder filling stations, one at Umsawli in East Khasi Hills and one at Jengjal in West Garo Hills. .
We will not accept them at all if they are inside Block
The Chief Secretary today held a meeting with the army personnel in Shillong to discuss the spread of COVID-19 in the state and how to prevent it. you are sick.
At present, peace has started to return to the government and there has been no new incident.
Tom has been in the field of journalism as a photographer since 1980 until today. He has worked with many newspapers, Khasi, English, English and now he has passed away. and UB Photos of Guwahati, which is well known in the North East.
He said that more than 50,000 people have taken jaid from their fathers. If they are allowed to take jaids from their mothers and fathers, it will lead to bloodshed. In India, only the Khasi and Garo are descended from their mothers.
The youths who participated in this competition were those who passed from training in Himachal Pradesh and also from Pune. plan to expand this in Meghalaya.
The Government led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has taken steps to open up opportunities for the private sector in the private sector through the reforms in the private sector by 2020 to increase the participation of private group in these activities.
He said that in Meghalaya, 70% of government schemes related to the people go through the Meghalaya Rural Bank.
He said that in the policies of the BJP Government, the goals and decisions do not come from personal gain but from the belief in the country first – people first.
During this season, foreign meat traders take advantage of the opportunity to enter the market to sell the meat imported from abroad and reduce the conditions for the local meat traders.
The Additional Director General, BSF (Eastern Command) Kolkata, Sonali Mishra on Tuesday visited Meghalaya to inspect the border between East Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills District. ruser crimes that happen frequently on the border of Meghalaya and Bangladesh.
: it means to produce and earn money to support oneself, one's family and society.
At the same time, the police have also conducted adequate patrolling to ensure that there will be no disruption to the peace and order.
Regarding the post of Rangbah Kur, the EC will introduce a bill in the KHADC dorbar to be held in November.
The Postal Department of the Union Government has issued the Stamp of the Nongkrem Festival which was launched by the Chief Minister Preston Tynsong. the end of the Cream Shad.
The Union Health Ministry has advised State Governments and UTs to direct employees to vaccinate such persons when they visit vaccination centres.
In previous years he performed all over the state and in different parts of the country.
Shillong, July 3: The Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, Kong C Kharkongor, on Tuesday said that the opening of trade routes to Bangladesh has not yet been allowed.
Shillong, Iaiong 22: Police today received a tip that a man has committed suicide at the entrance of the Company PL Traders Agency at the CrPF camp at Mawlai Bridge.
When it comes to “Khasi Grammar.
The Commission has learned that the Government of Meghalaya has launched the Industrial Policy-2012, which promises to provide assistance and benefits to women entrepreneurs. 10% assistance from the State Government in employment, 15% State Capital Investment Subsidy in rural areas and others. others.
Shillong, Nailur 28: The party has elected Abdul Saleng from 47-Rajabala, Bah Pyniaid Syiem from 13-Mawryngkeng and Mawphlang. they will still be a few days old.
509 vehicles, 172 vehicles driving in the wrong places, 559 driving without a license plate, 42 vehicles were fined for parking in the wrong places. 279 for driving without a license, 19 for driving without a permit, 49 for driving without a helmet and all these are violations of the MV Act.
Those who attended the meeting said that it is unfortunate that until now the desire of the villagers to get a good road has remained only in talks.
Shillong, July 21: The HITO leaders have refused to meet with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and the Chief Minister's Secretary, Prestone Tynsong. AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, has sent a letter to the Chief Minister.
said the secretary of the unit.
They stressed the need to pass a full law as soon as possible to protect the rights of the children of thousands of Khasi in the state.
Speaking to SP News Agency, outside the office of the Directorate of Health Services, Bah Basil Lyngdoh, said that the Prime Minister has been aware of the problem of the people. He promised to take action on this issue as it appeared in the media. The party respects what the Chief Minister has said. day.
There are three Medical Colleges in the state.
In the last 10 years, the Modi Government has invested Rs 81,000 crore in railways, Rs 48,000 crore in roads and constructed 5196 km of roads in the North East under the Bharat Mala project.
On the other hand, the CoMSO will discuss in these days on various programs to be implemented if the Government does not show signs that it really intends to implement this demand, said Bah Roy. Shillong, March 25: The Hynniewtrep Cultural and Welfare Organization (HTCWO) will hold the final competition of the “Sur Tynrai” song competition on the 31st of this month at 5 pm. request the public to come and witness this competition.
Through the National Rural Livelihood Mission, 44,067 Self Help Groups (SHGs) have been established, benefiting 427,195 households.
I don't want to explain the reasons for this incident because the case is still ongoing but I just want to say a little bit about the root cause of this incident: -i and heard from the media that this incident occurred due to the theft of timber by the Mukroh people from Karbi Anglong Assam.
Shillong, November 09: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District today issued a public notice that on the 13th of this month all schools and government offices within the boundary of the district will be closed. West Khasi Hills District is on holiday.
At this meeting, the Rangbah Shnongs and leaders of the Union took a decision to give their full support to these demands of the KSU and other organizations.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: U Minister of Road Construction, Meghalaya, Martin M Danggo today convened a meeting of government officials from the PWD department at Resubelpara in North Garo Hills. Find the condition of the roads in this District.
Before the confirmation of the full office bearers of JSU Jowai Circle, Heibor Pariat, one of the advisors of the JSU, Samla H.Lanong, Executive Member and President of the JSU Jowai Circle, Rikut, gave a speech. .
On this occasion, as the MLA of this area, he donated computers to this school for the benefit of the students of this area. and the teachers of this school.
On the other hand, he said that many of our youth who study or work abroad in Ri Khasi are reluctant to wear the jaiñsem of Kyrshah but they are reluctant to follow the dress code of foreigners. the body is broken and broken.
The campaign is to conclude the celebration of the 75th Anniversary of India's Independence which started today and will end on the 30th of this month.
All these will be taken together and RAI will be issued at the same time, that is, in November,
Regarding the lack of veterinary services, the Seng has demanded that the government should immediately provide the necessary facilities to the veterinary hospital so that the veterinary hospital can provide adequate services. bad news.
We later learned that the dulir was only a non-judicial book of T.
The Seng holds a special prayer for all of you that “May God the Creator not leave you behind, but may He continue to guide and bless you all for other times to come. said Banshai Marbaniang, President of the National Assembly in a statement.
Shillong, Naitung 25: Former Ranikor MLA Martin M Danggo today joined the National People's Party (NPP) in Shillong. only the leaders of the organization.
“He said the government has failed in all areas because instead of encouraging and encouraging the youth to sit for various examinations to shut their brains, it has been stingy and has not Measures have been taken to encourage the students to promote them to a higher level so that they can compete with other students from other states.
Shillong, Lber.17: The Dorbar Niamtre of Jalyiah Village Council on April 16, 2014 has decided to hold a Shad Sukra on April 26, 2014 at Iapsuda Football Playground at 1.00 pm.
A delegation of BJP women's organizations visited Sylbi's residence in Raitsamthiah led by party spokesperson Mariahom Kharkrang and vice president Gagan Jain in the presence of other party officials.
Jowai, Naitung 17: The President of the KJNU, Bah Niman N Shadap, in a statement issued today, said that there is no intention to abolish the Pnar alphabet or the Pnar alphabet. Pnar script, but the opinion in the news published on 15.07.2016, should be stopped before the formation of the Committee because there are still many problems.
The injured were taken to Guwahati for treatment.
The Minister also inaugurated the Technology Center of the MSME sector, which has been set up in Puducherry at a cost of Rs 122 crore.
Shillong, Nailur 11: The Executive Committee of the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) has held a meeting today, 09.09.2016 and decided to meet with the CEM of Regarding the VAB, it was decided to write a letter to the CEM of KHADC, Bah.
Shillong, Nailur 27 : The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) was founded on 26th November 2008 and has now turned 15 years old.
“At this time, I would like to appeal to the people not to worry when such incidents happen because the Government will inform the residents and don't let us be misled by the hamsaïa.
The Government has decided to take strong action against this illegal entry of foreigners.
On the other hand, the HYC today also extended its assistance to the poor families who have been affected by the lockdown to fight against COVID-1
He said that these schools will attract students from abroad to study in the state.
As of 24.12.2021, more than 54 lakh women have been assisted.
Whether they are willing to come forward or not to affect the nation, it was said in his time, is very clear.
The school was established in 1932 before India gained independence and was upgraded to Secondary School in students of Ri Lum Garo in these years.
Regarding the Work Permit, the union has expressed its concern over the ease of registering foreign workers by contractors and coal traders despite the fact that the District Level Team has been set up in the district since The District has its own Labor Inspectors to look after Ranikor Block and Mawkyrwat Block.
Hek said that Shillong has 14 cases, Jowai 5 cases, Tura 5 cases, Ampati 5 cases and Resubelpara 1 case.
Meanwhile, the Central Government today has imposed restrictions on the traders who cannot store piat in their warehouses, the traders who sell piat are allowed to store only 100 quintals and the joint vendors are allowed to store only 500 quintals, this will come into force from today.
On the first day of his appointment as CEM of GHADC, Boston Marak said that his first task is to find ways and means to raise funds to pay the salaries of the GHADC. Shillong, Nailar 10: The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) of the Union Government has issued a Heavy rainfall is expected in parts of Meghalaya on the 11th and 12th of this month.
Addressing the problems faced by young people and reforms from time to time.
Bah Halding said that the deterioration of this road has put the residents in trouble especially to transport the sick. good to enjoy the journey.
On Saturday, Bah Hek together with Mawsynram MLA HM Shangpliang, besides visiting the Sub-Centre at Sawsymper, also visited the patients admitted to Mawsynram CHC and the Mawsynram CHC. The main function of this CHC is to clean the patients but there is no staff to be appointed in this position and the most important thing now is to improve the ring light in this CHC. On the same day, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, on the same day, visited the PHC in Lawbah. the state government.
Therefore, if the NGT is really concerned about the damage to the environment, it should first shut down the cement plants in East Jaintia which are owned by foreigners,” said Samla.
Guwahati, Naitung 05: U Pranab Kumar Nath, Assistant Director of Yoga, Guwahati, has won first place in the senior category in two yoga competitions in
Dr. Ampareen said it is true that the BJP has invited her to join the party but when she was asked, the people did not accept the party. Speaking to reporters, Mohendro Rapsang said that his departure from the Congress party is not his own doing but the party's doing. It is no longer his fault to resign and join the NPP, a party from this state.
The HYC also urges all to honor this place which they used to remember and to celebrate every year the anniversary of the death of this hero of the country and the nation.
The shortcoming is that there is no ambulance, which is now owned by other private companies. If the government cannot provide an ambulance, HITO will provide an ambulance to the government.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Minister said that it is an honor for his family that the foundation stone of the doctoral college has been named after his father. , this investment for the community will be of great benefit.
He said that regarding the availability of medical equipment, he informed that the government will soon be able to provide all the necessary equipment at the hospital.
The Committee has given 2 months to the SP of Ri Bhoi District to investigate and take action on the complaints and lodge a complaint against all these incidents according to the law. ASHA is responsible for helping the child who is injured.
After the adoption of the motion of no confidence in the government led by Dr Mukul Sangma, the Speaker announced in the House that the motion will be discussed. crane to shai the day.
When looking at the number of students who are looking for classes at this college, the union has seen that every year many students do not attend classes. I'm looking for classes at this college.
Minister Duh said that many athletes have done this under the 'Meet the Champion' programme.
The Fit India Freedom Run was held in 75 districts and 75 villages in all these districts of the country till 2nd March,
This is the beginning and the room is small but they will be able to provide a larger one if there is a need.
After the funeral service, the body was taken to the Catholic Church in Laitumkhrah by Father John Madur.
In the 11 Bn BSF Shillong Sector, the final was between Bordup Football Team and Karigora. The match was held at Nalikata Football Ground.
The Auxiliary Bishop urged the State Government to take immediate action on this incident by talking to the Assam Government so that such incidents will not happen again.
Regarding the construction of the office, there are rules laid down under the Meghalaya Building By Law, they have changed the request, other answers are correct, but the shortcoming is that according to the permit they cannot violate the trees without permission from the office of the Deputy Commissioner.
The NEHU has organized this employment center to ensure that the youth can talk to those who employ them.
of India, Nongstoin Unit has held a public awareness campaign on health at Nonghyllam on 12th January
The message to the police is that their job is to ensure the peace and order in the village but by arresting the members of the community do not mean that there will be peace and order in the village. who came to support the party and encourage.
That passion gave her the opportunity to join the Amazon trucking team where she has been working for about 10 years now.
During the storm, many trees have fallen and electrical wires have been cut off. Work for the repair of the electrical wires is ongoing.
On the third issue, the price of data, Minister Duh said that various benefits have been given to those involved in this industry and that technologies like 4G have received support from the police.
The HNLC has alleged that it is during this election period that the rich pay money to politicians to buy the votes of the people and it is for this reason that poverty has affected the people. This state has been experiencing difficulties in receiving food for two days.
At this time, all the people's leaders, civil society organizations should cooperate with the government.
The first report for June – July, 2021 was released in November, 2021 Releasing this report for the 4th quarter, the Union Minister said that unemployment is still increasing in these work selected to view.
The terrible sound of the flames shocked all the passengers who witnessed the incident.
It is learned that the residents of the area have been sitting on these two footpaths and earning their living, but now when they heard that someone has contracted the disease from the Jagiroad area, they have left. The roads have been closed and people are now unable to enter.
Speaking at the public meeting, the Chief Minister also congratulated the people of West Khasi Hills who will benefit from the T.210 crore road construction scheme. The road will be used by the people to Williamnagar.
The party will hold a meeting tomorrow morning at the residence of its president Dr Donkupar Roy to discuss the candidates whom the party will announce for the MLA election. in the year
The purpose of the Sports Department of the Federal Government is to recognize the special talents of the children and provide them with full training through the provision of adequate sports facilities. which will appear in foreign sporting events such as the Olympics and others.
He said that even today almost all the MDCs and parties have worked together under one roof of the Congress party.
The Commission will also meet with the leaders of the political parties in the state.
We also hope that this will soon be achieved.
This will be the last session of the current Assembly as Meghalaya will go to the elections in early 2018 to elect new leaders.
The incident took place under the supervision of the Dobasipara Police Beat House on the road to Kherapara.
She also urged the ministry to provide more training to NGOs working in these fields so that they can get government grants for their programs and so that they can expand their activities to rural areas of the state.
After the government has set up a Medical Expert Committee to look into the fight against COVID-19, a meeting was held with the Chief Secretary of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. The state to discuss the issue of using masks to fight against COVID-1
“It is time for us farmers to unite with one voice and we must come out on the 8th of this month. Shillong, November 01: The President of the Hill Farmers Union (HFU) on Saturday visited Phlangwanbroi, Mawsynram Block where a meeting with the farmers of Phlangwanbroi village as well as with the farmers of neighboring villages.
Shillong, July 20: The cleaning of the posters of political parties in Shillong has started today by the MCC officials in charge of the conduct of the elections to the Legislative Assembly.
Mandor said that NEHUSU is not against the NEP but feels that the decision of the VC to implement it from 1st July in all the colleges under the jurisdiction of NEHU is too urgent as there are still many. The actions needed to be taken to ensure the smooth implementation of the NEP in Meghalaya.
During this year, the police chiefs have received training in the field of law, human relations, how to provide protection to VVIPs, how to control setting off bombs and observing the way people behave and so on.
Although there is a loss, the government wants to see that the income of foreign traders will increase again, this is only for those who export these goods outside Meghalaya.
She urged the NPP office bearers from Jaintia Hills to go and convince the people to support her and said that she will not lose the support of the people.
Shillong, Nailar 18: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma today met with the Rangbah Shnongs and civil society groups from Mawlai who submitted a petition to the meeting held at Mawlai. between them on 17/8/2
Hek said that about 30 convicts have been transferred from Shillong to Nongpoh Jail to relieve the overcrowding in the Shillong District Jail.
The GSI is closely monitoring the implementation of the National Baseline Geoscience Data Generation program in the country and has promoted the exploration of key mineral resources in the North East.
The Assam Government has illegally constructed the road in Bakhlapara village despite the strong opposition from the Hima rulers and the residents without listening to the opinions of the Nongspung Hima rulers.
These leaders of the union said that the government has not listened to the problems faced by the people of this area from time to time. The road has been severely affected by the traffic jam, especially the illness, and many times the people have been stranded on the road just because of the bad condition of this road.
Referring to the Ranikor Constituency, the Chairman of the PDF, Bah PN Syiem, has decided to nominate a candidate of his own choice. The Congress is looking for a candidate for the post of Bah Pynshngianlang Syiem. The Congress is currently looking for a candidate for the post of Bah Pynshngianlang Syiem.
The road is 530 meters long and has been constructed by PWD Mairang.
In his speech, Bah Hek said that it is the duty of every resident to have the responsibility to bring about cleanliness in the villages, townships and villages where they live.
The chief speaker on the occasion was Bah J.Swer, Statistical Investigator, who explained the benefits of having Aadhaar.
Announcing the two candidates for the 2023 elections, the party through the State President will order the renewal of the Block in these constituencies.
The statement further requested that the terms of the guidelines be disseminated so that local authorities, church groups, social welfare groups and residents are informed.
Replying to the protest against the use of force by the Police against the citizens, Najiar said the Union wants to seek clarification on the working methods of the Police Department, firstly, on this incident why The Police have to force the person to file a complaint and this has been seen many times when there are incidents against non-Khasis, especially against the members of the Union where the Police proceed to prepare a complaint. against the members of the party.
There are many other increases which the Cabinet today approved in the implementation of the new salary scheme known as the Fifth Pay Commission.
“The AJYWO strongly condemns Tyrkeh Sumber from Sanaro, who has been accused of raping an 8-year-old girl. He was born in West Jaintia Hills District on 30th June this year.
“Shillong remains Shillong, I love it.” All my family members in Shillong have died, their children and grandchildren have reached all over the world. “The last of my family members who lives in Shillong is my brother-in-law who teaches at St. Anthony's College. His name is Heralal Roy, but people call him Herol Roy,” he said. you didn't appear in those 30 years ago.
Shillong, Naitung 25: The KSU Mawprem Circle together with the KSU Upper Shillong Circle this evening conducted a surprise drug raid in the cantonment area including Jhalupara.
Under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the Government has implemented many measures for transformation which have helped the lives of all sections of Indian society and lifted the country to the top. new ones.
The estimate of the success of anyone is unpredictable.
The state government, ministers and MLAs have been calling for the increase in unemployment in the state, urging the youth to stand on their own feet, but this RTI survey of The Seng says that the Government, Ministers and MLAs are blind and cannot speak on this issue. On the one hand, they urge the youth to stand on their own feet but on the other hand, They cut off the feet of the youth by preventing them from getting jobs.
The union has issued this order because they don't know whether these people have come to sell incidents in such a lyngpung.
The Garo people led by Pa Togan Sangma armed with sums, stieh and swords fought against the foreign troops at Rongrenggiri.
Closer cooperation, based on closeness, trust and faith in self-employment will pave the way for our economy, for our industries, cities and people. now and in the centuries to come.
During the meeting, the Chief Minister said that the government is ready to welcome entrepreneurs in many fields and to do this, the support of the central government is needed. various assistance programs implemented in other States and Union Territories.
Since 2018 it has been going on like this.
New Delhi, Nailur 13: The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, visited the Meghalaya stall at the Craft Bazar at the G20 Summit.
The Search for Malade is about the journey of each person in their personal life and encourages us not to lose hope at any time because God has a plan for us. part for each other.
The order issued on the 13th of this month has ordered that the notice issued on the 13th should be suspended as the case will be heard on the 19th of this month. but this decision was made after receiving the copy from the court.
Shillong, Naitung 10: The Minister in charge of Disaster Management, Bah Kymren Shylla, today said that no information has been received yet that there will be any tragic incident. and he was three days old.
" said the statement from the five organizations.
The deadline for submitting these is May 1, 2023.
Shillong, July 19: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) War Jaintia Circle today led by President Samla Laitphar Syngkrem and General Secretary Samla Lurman B Talang in the presence of President Samla Ohibait Dkhar and Organizing Secretary Samla Leningrad Tariang today held a meeting to discuss the issue. They met with the SDO (Civil) Amlarem Sub Division to discuss the matter and demand the deletion of all the Non Tribals from their polling stations in the 7th Amlarem Constituency.
The program was organized by the Song and Drama Division under the Information and Broadcasting Department of the Government of India.
Shillong, July 25: There are 11 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 2 cases in Ri Bhoi District and 25 cases in Ri Bhoi. .
The Minister of State for Transport and Communications said that the request for additional funds amounting to T.2.5/- crore is to pay the salaries of the employees of the MTC which has implemented the payment. The fourth state government, as it is now, the MTC cannot pay its own employees from its revenue.
Under Rule 8 of the Central Motor Vehicle Rules, 1989, a driver of a goods vehicle must pass or release class
Police said that a public hearing was held today to increase the production of foreign dew of Meghalaya Cement Limited, Thangskai from 2600 TPD equivalent to 0.858 MTPA to 4500 TPD. MW CPP and 9.5 MW WHRS. The public hearing on the project was conducted by the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board together with the District Administration and officers. Meghalaya Cement Limited, due to the damage to the building constructed for the snap, had to move the venue to hold the public hearing.
There have been 434 recoveries in the state today, the highest number of recoveries in East Khasi Hills 199 cases. to 41349 people.
Police are still searching for those who caused the incident by taking evidence through CCTV videos. The purpose of taking videos is to arrest exactly those who have don't have a hand in the riots that day.
After receiving the speeches from both sides, Bah Pynshngian asked Bah Pyniaid whether he will resolve this issue. On the other hand, Bah Pyniad said that he will not. remove.
He said that earlier they wanted the land, but now the government says they will build more houses.
On the other hand, the Hima Mylliem on Tuesday went to put up a singnboard at the market place in Iewduh where it wrote the rules that the Hima has issued to ban the kilo cutting by the farmers inside the market.
On Saturday, KSU Nongmynsong reached out to help 105 poor households in the area. The relief campaign was from one household to another and from one household to another. Members wear masks when they go to distribute kids.
In the women's category, Angelis Kharumnuid, Airikmen Shabong and Milartita Lyngdoh Nongbri won in the 50 kg category.
Bajop criticized the leaders of other political parties who were present in Delhi when the signing of the soskular and took pictures together but when they returned to the state they mislead the people. such leaders in the state to mislead and show the color in front and behind.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh has urged all households to register themselves with the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) for their benefit. for they are sick.
He said that the revenue collection gates of KHADC do not forgive even the vehicles carrying firewood to burn lunch in schools.
This is the first time that 12 metric tonnes of sohtrun has been sent to Varanasi in Uttar Pradesh. The sohtrun has been harvested from the Chibinang farm.
John said that it was found that even Rev JJM Nichols Roy, who was involved in the creation of the sixth Khyrnit, wrote in the old book after the time he had filled it. I was surprised to see that at the last minute due to the pressure of the Ministers of Assam which held the Premiere of the Chief Minister of Assam Shri.Gopinath Bordoloi.
“I believe that in this age we need teachers who can inspire children in the spirit of self-reliance, perseverance, openness of mind, understanding and responsibility and knowledge. lem, these will build the future of the country.
The residents said that as soon as they saw the incident, they tried to help him with the tyllai but he refused to throw the tyllai and after that he fell into the river. The river below this bridge has disappeared completely.
The ceremony was held smoothly from the beginning to the end of the day at Polo in the presence of police to ensure that there will be no incident.
However, many of those who have received recognition are foreigners and those who have acquainted themselves with the officials of NEHU and there are more than 600 day laborers who have not yet received recognition.
Tura, Naitung 13: The Garo Students' Union (GSU) Southern Zone has launched a day-long protest against the deterioration of the road in the Southern Zone. Garo Hills District.
As we speak, the T.380 crore project is underway in parts of New Shillong, Knowledge City and Administrative City.
The annual CNE Bulletin was also released at the meeting.
The union has questioned whether the District Council has sent to check these shops in Upper Mawprem and it was also found that there are inspectors from the District Council who go by themselves to renew the trading licence of the shops. These inspectors have brought the mynder to their seats for their own benefit. This has also raised doubts on the part of the union how the inspector himself will go. Whether the EM of Trade is aware of the working methods of the staff of KHADC. Regarding the shop at last stop Laban, it was found that there is a shop. The sale of shyiap and stone by a mynder has been completed by the mynder himself through the obtaining of a trading license from the KHADC. The question is why the district council, after seeing that there are no tribals who trade and do this business, why does it still issue a trading licence, and according to the trading of non tribal? act clearly states that a non tribal cannot engage in commercial activities when there are tribals who can engage in business.
He said the Commissioner of Food Safety has allowed fish vendors to sell only fish from Assam.
The VHP is not a national party in Khasi Hills, it is a foreign agency, a foreign organization and should not interfere in the situation in Hynniewtrep.
Bah Dkhar said that the state government is too slow to implement what has been discussed many times in relation to these issues which should be implemented immediately. that it has been decided together to curb the entry and exit and residence of foreigners within the borders of the State so that it will not affect the indigenous people.
The High Level brought an ambulance which has not been available for 25 years and a football field.
Bah Wanseng Jyrwa, Deputy Rangbah Shnong, said that the removal of the Rangbah Shnong by the KHADC has put the village in darkness and this action of the KHADC has shown that there is something behind this. The KHADC has not looked into the explanations from the village.
The important thing is that the rules can be changed without affecting the law.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the BDO said that all the villages affected by the natural disaster are 14 villages and many houses have been lost due to the floods. of the tip sop ing because of the heavy cold.
People stayed in their homes because the thunder and lightning were terrible.
This is also a sign of the Prime Minister's determination to strengthen health resources across the country.
This celebration should be meaningful and do what is right to protect the environment.
The meeting was conducted by the Rangbah Shnong of Mission Bah G Basan, Convener of the Working Committee Bah Donkupar War, MLA Roshan Warjri, MDC James Ban Basaiawmoit and others.
The Commandant of the 2nd Meghalaya Police Battalion, Aditya Goenka, said that the women policemen had lodged a complaint with him and he had suggested lodging an FIR. He said that the police chief is not from the rank of MPS but he has just been promoted and it is time for him to retire.
The Ministry of Home Affairs has recently issued four medals, two for Gallantry and two for Service to all members of the CAPF, State Police, Civil Defense and Home Guards. , RPF, Correctional Services, Fire Service and others.
It is due to the lack of knowledge or understanding that farmers have used expensive and harmful chemicals to protect their crops.
However, even after the closure of the border today, it was found that not a single foreign worker had these documents.
Yoga is the solution to all these problems," said Birla while addressing the program today.
“As Christians we need Christ to be in our lives,” Archbishop Girelli urged the people of God and added, “the Church comes to life through the Eucharist.
It may be recalled that the residents of Pynursla area had carried pla cards in front of the NHIDCL office in Shillong to protest against the lack of action on the deterioration of the road.
The meeting was conducted by the Ministry of Culture and Heritage of the Union Government together with the authorities in charge of the school and the Meghalaya Shikska Samiti.
Shillong, Lber 05: The sessions of the KHADC and JHADC have ended today, and the implementation of the six-month extension in these two District Councils has started today.
On the other hand, the JHADC has no intention of issuing another permit, but has decided not to issue another permit to cut trees.
The party is pleased to say that without these, the independence of the state in 1972 after the independence of the state in 1970 would not have brought complete peace to the people of the state.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Choudhary, who is also a teacher, said that the school has been established for 15 years. earlier.
North Garo Hills SP Jerry Marak said one of the injured CRPF personnel was shot in the chest and another in the tympha. There were about 15 militants in the area and the shooting happened at 4 pm due to the forest area. The militants managed to escape. from this bag.
The Cabinet also approved the rules regarding the courts in the districts of the state.
Shillong, Naitung 07: U Symbut Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong today said that the situation in the state is not safe. attend.
The Governor was accompanied by the Speaker of the House Dr Donkupar Roy, the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and the Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma from the ground floor of the House to the House. to give thy speech.
“I know the land is in Meghalaya, but we should not be afraid and we will fight according to the law to get our rights and the talks between the two states are ongoing,” she said. added.
Thus, it was drawn from the face of the heirs as it was drawn and created the most beautiful portrait according to the heritage of the kpoh long syiem and also to match the true age before the death of Tirot Sing Syiem. about forty years old.
At this meeting, the KSU also discussed the welfare of the students in Manipur as there is currently a crisis in the state. This was discussed at the meeting at Meghalaya House New Delhi. .
The three persons accused of involvement in the murder are Willterwell Syiem, Litos Syiem and Specius Syiem.
Shillong, July 14: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the Khasi Students Union (KSU) will stop its violent activities. When asked whether the government will call for talks with the KSU, the Prime Minister said that the KSU will do so. The Chief Minister said that the government has taken action on how to deal with the influx of foreigners into the state. You have to follow the rules of taking land for this reason.
The Congress candidates especially Bah RV Lyngdoh MLA of Mylliem have been fighting for tickets but when the voice of the people was taken, the Congress leaders took the vote. I decided to go to Bah Pala.
Shillong, June 28: The KSU Shillong Mihngi Circle has expressed its deep sorrow over the incident which happened on the 26th June 2020 at Umkdait, Nongmensong. assistance through placards and slogans.
Shillong, Nailar 05: U MLA of Mairang Constituency, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh who is also the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that there is no compulsion on the vaccination against COVID-1 .
Shillong, Nailar 01: A child under the age of 10 years old went to sleep on a deserted road and was found by people on the 30th of November from 101 area on the footpath. The victim was taken to Ganesh Das Hospital Shillong.
This includes 5 signal operator posts, 98 commando posts for men, 41 commando posts for women, 64 follower posts for men and 10 follower posts for women. SF-10.
Most of the villagers of Sohkynduh live from the cultivation of synsar and other crops.
We must remember our duty to the country.
So far, up to T.70,000 crore has been released for the year 2020-2
They will display the BBBP logo on their shirts and banners as a sign of their support for this.
He also recalled the words of Dr. BR Ambedkar – “You must be the people of India first, you must be the people of India last and you must be nothing but the people of India.
The training center is run by the Presbyterian Church of the village in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnong.
The Director of Health Services (DHS) has expressed his satisfaction that through this joint effort of the religious leaders in the state to explain to the people the need to vaccinate, the government has hope. that this will be successful.
Although the leaders of these four organizations said that they would visit the poor people in Khumlwng, the SP did not allow them saying that 144 CrPC is in force in the area and no one is allowed. to enter the area.
: The North East Sunshine Trust (India) on Saturday admitted that the letter relating to the proposal to resume uranium mining in the state is still being prepared and has not been sent. Dr. Jitendra Singh, Minister of State for Atomic Energy, Government of India.
Shillong, Naitung 17: U Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima today met with PM Syiemlieh, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, HYC, HITO, KSU, HNAM and Others also laid flowers in front of the statue of Syiem Tirot Sing Syiem on the 186th death anniversary of Syiem Tirot Sing Syiem.
PK Dubey, Inspector General BSF Meghalaya Frontier, said that the seizure of gold by the BSF from Shella area has shocked them as the smuggling of gold has never been done in this area.
The incident took place at a farm known as Tahpat where hundreds of Karbi suspected to have been attacking the Khasi-Pnars who have been farming in Tahpat for the past few months. rail.
He also appealed to the people to do “Plogging” while you are running or walking step by step, remove and throw away the plastic spread around the roads or footpaths.
He said that the poor and low income earn T 13,000 crore annually due to the production of stents and medical supplies.
Speaking to reporters, AKMT President Bah Ricaldinus Dohling said that vehicles from other states such as Assam have arrived at the tourist attractions of Ri-lum Khasi Jaintia. state vehicle drivers who earn money by taking people outside the state to tourist destinations.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills District Pravin Bakshi said that the floods have not subsided till today and according to estimates, about 1.20 lakh people have been evacuated. people to temporary accommodation set up by the government.
Maligaon, Naiwieng 04: The Railway Protection Force (RPF) of the Northeast Frontier Railway (RPF) on Tuesday conducted a search operation on trains running in different parts of the country after receiving a tip that there was a those who carry weapons are not illegal.
Speaking to reporters, KSU President Samla Lambokstarwell said that the talks between the government and the HPC leaders, especially at the meeting held on the 25th of this month, are clear. that accepting a conditional exit was something unacceptable.
Furthermore, the MeECL officers expressed their concern over the lack of rainfall until these days until now the Umiam Dam is still less than 60 feet to fill as before at this time.
To urge all political parties in Meghalaya and India to support the Constitution (One Hundred Seventeenth Amendment) Bill, 2012, which will provide for the right to freedom of expression. To support the demand of the civil society organizations to the State Government to Introduce a clear and strong Lokayukta Bill as part of providing the people with a clean and transparent governance in Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the FINS believes that without the railway, it will be difficult to increase income because it is in this way that if there is a railway, it will be easier to travel and transport goods. and economic recovery will also accelerate.
I asked him what he wanted to be when he grew up, he said he didn't want to be like any doctor or lawyer but he was preparing himself for 'Akirat' which means life after death. prepare yourselves for the day of judgment.
In East Khasi Hills, 61, West Jaintia Hills 25, Ri Bhoi 6, East Garo Hills 2, West Garo Hills 2, North Garo Hills 1 and South Garo Hills 1, the total number of cases in the state is
The Seng is confident that his family members will accept this.
The ruling National People's Party (NPP) has decided to contest from Shillong and Tura parliamentary seats in next year's Lok Sabha elections.
Through this statement, the party also expresses to the people that it is true that we are all in fear and anxiety but as it is now the most important part is for us as the people how to change our way of life. strictly adhering to the Ministry of Health definitions.
Before the speech of the Chief Guest, Prestone Tynsong read out the Notification approved for the establishment of Ranikor Civil Sub-Division by the Commissioner Secretary, Home & Political Department, Government of Meghalaya, Bah S Kharlyngdoh. Bah HS Diengdoh, Sub-Divisional Officer, Ranikor Civil Sub-Division.
This has shown that these two people have not fulfilled their duties as government servants but have acted like dictators whose ultimate goal is to destroy the people and to to abolish that constitution within the district.
Shillong, Naitung 04: The price of rice has increased today at the Shillong Market. The price of rice has increased today. poverty and suffering from this increase in the price of rice.
Residents who are citizens of the State also have to do the same as foreigners, that is, they have to submit their EPIC or Ration Card, they have to write an Affidavit, they have to submit their Certificate of Village, they have to submit their photographs and so on.
Therefore, we have decided to hold a protest on the 7th June, 2024 against the allegation that we the people of the State are the killers of foreigners,” said the President of HNYF. The affected villages include Langpih, Tynghor, Umyiap and other villages in Ri Muliang, West Khasi Hills District. who are marjan in this area.
However, we cannot accept to own the river at all.
Six of the cases are from East Khasi Hills and one from Ri Bhoi District.
In the inspection, the union found that the gate is not complete and the government has also made this place a COVOD 19-Check point.
“It (MHA) has not said yes or no on this,” he said.
The KSU also found that there is no violation of the Trading by Non Tribals Rules, 1959 which is the law of the District Council. They have expired since 2015, 2017 and even since
Taking a statement under section 164 CrPC, the abducted woman said that she and her friend were taken to a place owned by Rimpu where they took a room and committed The property is owned by Bernard N Marak and is known as Rimpu, who is also a member of the House of Representatives. Police of West Garo Hills have registered more than 25 cases against Bernard known as Rimpu since 2000. On these complaints, the police have launched a complaint. The raid was conducted on 22nd November 2022 at 6 pm and the raid was completed at 5 pm.
Shillong, July 02; AICC President Rahul Gandhi has reshuffled the party's MPCC office bearers and appointed Dr Celestine Lyngdoh as the party's chief executive officer. Vincent H is the president and working president.
According to the latest news received by the SP News Agency, during the meeting with the Governor, the BJP also led four intellectuals of NEHU to They met with the Governor on this issue.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: The program was conducted by Bah G Kharumnuid, Member EC of the Village in the presence of Bah S Kharbani, Rangbah Shnong, Police Chiefs of 6th Battalion and Chief Guest Bah John F Kharshiing, son of Martin N Majaw, MLA, former Mawhati Constituency, who has been in power since 1972-1978-1978-1983, who came from the house.
The Government should provide land first to the people of the state and then to others and if they have these land for the people of the state it will be a blessing because many of the villagers are facing difficulties in getting food. They came to treat people in Shillong.
To further improve the capacity of the Byrwa unit, Conrad K Sangma announced further assistance from the government for the purchase of machinery.
“The Donyi Polo Airport is a reflection of the history and heritage of Arunachal Pradesh,” Modi said.
Under the MoHFW's special scheme for the Viksit Bharat SankalpYatra, Ayushman cards were created using the Ayushman app and distributed directly to the beneficiaries.
On the other hand, the Seng will continue to monitor these factories to improve and will continue to expand this Sier Lapalang Operation to other parts of the country.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister said that although Meghalaya is 97% exempt from the implementation of the CAA, the government wants to laity not only that but it should be 100%.
Answering a question regarding the MDC elections to the Houses of Assembly, the Minister in charge of the ADC department, said that the department in charge of the District Councils has not yet decided. do your own thing.
He said that he wants to revive the culture and traditions of the Khasi people which has started to decline, and I have the spirit and I am ready to help the people as much as I can.
In his public speech, Bah Adelbert demanded that the government should immediately call for talks with the drivers, the government should not be afraid to hide, it should call for talks to resolve this issue. public, the government should invite dialogue.
The one-day meeting was organized by the Meghalaya State Judicial Academy in the presence of Justice HS Thangkhiew, Judge of the High Court of Meghalaya, Bah W Diengdoh, District Judge and officers of the High Court of Meghalaya. The State of Meghalaya and the District Courts have been present.
Prof. Dutta said the world population by 2050 will reach 10 billion and this will require the world to produce 1.7 times more food than it does now.
Buh is the market and tyngka is the market.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The BJP today invited applications for the mid-term elections to the 53-Ampati Constituency in Meghalaya. on the 28th of this month.
Aboh is the NPP MLA from Khonsa West Assembly Constituency who has contested the MLA election from the same constituency.
Alvarinea is the only woman to represent India at the World Summit held in Switzerland. During her visit, she also visited Zurich, Kanderstag and Geneva in Switzerland, Paris, France and Milan, Italy.
Many of the states are now wondering whether the MUA-II government will implement this scheme because it is the same prime minister in the MUA-I government and in the MUA-II government too, the people want to The government will start implementing this scheme.
Shillong Lajong have now reached fourth position in the I-League with 10 points.
Shri Lakador Syiem, IPS, Commandant, 4th MLP Bn, Sohpian has been transferred to the post of Principal, Police Training School, Umran in place of Mary GT Sangma, IPS. by Superintendent of Police, Anti-Infiltration Directorate, Shillong.
The Minister in charge of Education, on this occasion, also introduced amendments to the existing laws regarding the five private universities which already exist in the state.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Hel, said that the purpose of these health centers is to check the children if they have any problems. This will save them from the danger, it is necessary for the parents to take action to send them for treatment.
This initiative will not only increase the income of the state but will also honor the local entrepreneurs and also the skilled drivers thus this will improve in all aspects.
This issue will be discussed during the dorbar synrai to be held in November.
Shillong, Naitung 18: Speaking to reporters at the Shillong Press Club, NEEPCO General Manager NK Moa today said that if the Mawphu Hydro Electrical Project is implemented, it will be for the benefit of the people. of the people of the region.
The meeting will start from 10 am to 3 pm.
AICC General Secretary Mansih Chatrath said that there is no difference within the Congress party. party, it is said that the party is one.
This Holy Thursday is considered a holy day in Christianity, to commemorate what happened to the Savior of the world more than two thousand years ago when he paid the ransom for all mankind by his death. of the Lord Jesus on the cross.
Special Police from Shillong have been called to rescue the people who fell into the river. One body has been recovered and others are still missing. continue in the morning to even because of the excessive darkness cannot even at night.
He said that the delay in visiting Kong Bindas was due to his busy schedule to bring the bodies of two coal miners from Ribhoi who died in the landslide at Tinsukia. Assam.
The meeting was held with the Chief Minister and the traders. The meeting was also with the residents of the area.
