The Digital Twin will help provide information on the safety of employees from anywhere.
Shillong, Naitung 08: The Chairperson of the National Commission for Women (NCW) Rekha Sharman on Tuesday said that the NCW is not only a place to send complaints, but will also be a pioneer in employment for women. women.
He said that it should be remembered that the construction of such buildings is very difficult because there are many parts and the height of this Dome is higher than the Dome at Rashtrapati Bhavan. houses are really hard, they never thought it would happen.
Shillong, July 11: The Chairman of the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) CP Marak today said that the board has sent officers to inspect the factories in the state which have complied with the regulations. or the decision of the Supreme Court of the country that they should have affluent plants.
It can be said that the college has all the necessary facilities from library, toilets, drinking water, and others that schools should have.
Now the world is ready to do business with us.
Shillong, July 23: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) has expressed its surprise at the misleading behavior of Vincent Pala MP, Manstudy Nongrem MDC Langrin. They have held a public meeting at Wahkaji on the 22nd and misrepresented the feelings of the people through the media.
The Prime Minister praised my determination.
Speaking to SP News Agency, General Manager of the bank, AB Purkayastha, said that this is the desire of the bank to set up its branches in all the block areas. The Board has also approved this proposal, in places where there is internet, they will set up a workplace and in places where there is no internet, they will set up a workplace.
Another problem is that we don't have the equipment to clean because the cleaning has reached lakhs of rupees and I have gone to the DMHO office to take away the equipment from the DMHO. Pynursla CHC to Sohra because they don't use the equipment and they have been destroyed.
Jowai, July 11: Three parties including HANM-EJHD, JSU-MID East and HNYF-Eastern Zone have called for a meeting.
In this regard, he said that the scheme is to ensure that those who work in this field should cooperate with the government and at the same time to apply for a license from the government so that they can continue. It is reported that some people have come to meet him regarding the closure of the tombs.
The purpose of the meeting was to express their opposition to the Government's plan to release or allow a company York Print Pvt.
John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MSPB, said that the Nongkhlaw area is rich and has many opportunities to develop tourism if the people of this area join hands to working closely with the State Government.
The venues of these competitions will be on 14th November 2019 at Hill Mount School, Myria Lyngiong, 2nd November 2019 at Saitsohpen, Sohra, 3rd 18th July 2010 at Pynursla, 4th November 2010 at Resorsla. Umta Village, Ri Bhoi district, and 5th place: at MaplePine Farm Lyngkien.
At a public meeting held at Bhaitbari, he thanked the people who have always supported the NPP party and the party expressed its willingness to work for the development of the country. the state as a whole and the region as well.
The aim is also to preserve these foreign trees.
On the other hand, the Principal Secretary of Meghalaya has invited companies who wish to invest in the supply of meat to Meghalaya especially for the purpose of pork. The market is not there and they don't have to worry about the market.
Shillong, Iaiong 14: A sudden storm has affected parts of Umsning Block in Ri Bhoi District today at noon. In this incident, the fires have been destroyed, the branches have been destroyed and the houses have been destroyed.
The Minister of Forest was also informed that Dr Donkupar Roy, when he was Chief Minister, had appointed a Committee comprising Autonomous District Councils, MLFOA members and officers of the Forest Department on 13 June The Committee has submitted a report showing that the loss to the people and the State Government due to these Acts and Rules amounts to Rs 18 crore per annum.
The elderly over 60 years of age, mothers with two bodies and children under 10 years of age should not enter the market. who has already given Tika or not.
Shillong, Nailar 22: Shillong, Nailar 22: Heavy rainfall has caused flooding of wells and drains around Shillong.
At the meeting, the Cabinet also decided to increase the price of cigarettes and beer from 27% to 25%.
On the other hand, the party said that it will write to the Home Affairs Ministry if necessary to demand the expedited inclusion of the Khasi Language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
Jinu also urged the Meghalaya government not to sit idly by but to provide assistance to the colleges which are facing difficulties in implementing the NEP. He also urged the MCTA and the VC of NEHU to Shillong, Nailar 29: To bring about cleanliness, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid, today announced that two garbage trucks will be donated to the NEP. Hima Myllien to the Finance Commission to transport the waste from the market.
Recent works created through digital formats are now known as digital formats.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today said that the struggle to curb the influx of foreigners has been going on since 1973 and at that time the government has passed another bill which was approved by the President of India.
D.Singh, District Youth Coordinator NYKS, Shillong said that although the organization is still young, it has been able to contribute a lot for the development of the youth. NYKS, Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports, Govt.
“Electricity is one of the most important needs in today's society but the current distribution of electricity by MeECL shows that we are going back to the Stone Age”.
Some challenges may be found but sometimes challenges come with opportunities.
Meghalaya took part in the North East Sports Festival held in Dimapur, Nagaland in 1989 with seven men and one woman.
She said she is pleased that Meghalaya has taken steps to become an exemplary state and shows the orderliness of the transition to the modern era and also the preservation of traditional customs.
She was able to talk to the mother and was told that the child had died before she came to the hospital.
Shillong, Naitung 09: The All Khasi Meghalaya Tourist Taxi Association (AKHTA) today reminded the Government of the letter sent by them on July 1,
Dr. B. Decruse in her opening remarks, said that the Integrated Counseling Testing Center (ICTC) is a place to conduct counseling sessions with people to explain about HIV and the need to blood test to determine whether they are HIV positive at their discretion and ensures that the result of the blood test is known only to the patient and the doctor treating them him.
If the people support the BJP, they will introduce the same policy of recruitment for the youth, as has been done in Nagaland, Assam and Mizoram. Tripura and Arunachal Pradesh.
In the 7th grade competition, the winners were Nasisha Ryntathiang of Seng Khasi Higher Secondary School and the runner-up was Jessica L Mawnai, from the same school. Manshanbha Khongsngi, Chairman of the Laitkor Khasi Association, was also present.
“If evidence is found, they (the Central Government agencies) will take the necessary action.
Many earlier MPs were surprised and many MPs who are Ministers have sent letters of congratulations to Bah Robert Kharshiing, MP Rajya Sabha of Meghalaya for his speech on how to reconcile the conflict. you are in Gujarat.
Those who have been selected will attend the interview on the scheduled dates.
Shillong, November 21: The Cabinet today after receiving a request from the Excise Traders Association, Shillong, today said that the Excise Department has brought forward a discussion within the Cabinet. to reduce the price of Indian Made Foreign Liquor (IMFL).
The number of newly registered voters on the Electoral Roll, 2024 is 56,909, Service Voters 3835, Disabled Voters 11179, Voters over 80 years of age. There are 23,793 and 5 Non Resident Indians (NRIs).
Meghalaya is a small state but it has achieved the goal of agriculture without the use of fertilizers. It is the first time in the country that Ri Bhoi District has received the award. Pandit Deen Dayal Upadhyay Agricultural Science Promoter Award (National  and  Zonal) 2017.
Therefore, the NESO urges all the paradoh parasnam to support this strike so that the aspirations of NESO and KSU will be successful.
The meeting was conducted by the Finance Secretary of KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit and was attended by Samla Nehemaya Tyngkan, General Manager of NEEPCO and Waheh Shnong.
Shillong, March 25: The Union Minister of State for Tribal Affairs, Kishore Chandra Deo in his speech at the opening of the two-day Monoltih Festival at Mawphlang, on Tuesday said that The celebration is important because it preserves the culture of the nation.
Sunshine Rynhang was appointed as the Chairman of the Raid Madan Kyrdem HPF, according to a statement sent by the President of the HPF Ri Bhoi District. bah Apbor Nongrum.
Shillong, Lber 25: U Bah LG Nongsiej, Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), has convened a special session to discuss the report of the House Committee.
At the same time, the closure of the dam is to make it easier for the health workers to stay safe even for those people who have had close contact with those who came to report from Greenwood Assam. Today, 8 persons who had contact with those who went to the hospital have tested positive for COVID-1
This is the first time that the district authorities have had to address the trade in this area and the trade between India and Bangladesh. .
On the other hand, KHNAM believes that only the ILP can really stop the mynder.
Although the employees of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) have worked hard all night till morning to rescue Bah Marshall Marweiñ who was trapped in the collapse of a garbage dump at Marten, they have not yet found him.
After this meeting, the participants were able to clean up the banks of the river.
Police of Williamnagar and Rongjeng on receiving the incident, including police chiefs rushed to the scene to help rescue the people from the scene.
, said that they have to serve the people and especially the sick.
However, in terms of income and opportunities, the villagers who own Tourist Taxis and Local Taxis have not received any benefit but have caused a loss to the drivers in the state.
Shillong, Lber 04: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, on Tuesday expressed his deep sorrow over the sudden passing away of Dr Azad Zaman MLA from Rajabala constituency.
The Chest Number of all participants will be written.
Through the recent HIV testing conducted around the world, it shows that there is a great threat to the world today, where many people cannot be tested for some reason. of the coming of the plague.
On the part of the Minister of Home Affairs, Kong Warjri, she expressed her gratitude to the Bank for setting up this special training center for the rural youth in Meghalaya and hoped that it will helps the youth in the rural areas to stand on their own feet.
All truck owners, commercial vehicles, coal miners etc, drivers and handymen, coal and shyiap stone traders and others were invited.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: U Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA of 19-Shillong South on Saturday visited the works of the Hynniewtrep Youth Constituency (HYC). The second phase amounted to T.8.23 klur.
: Three more nurses from Meghalaya have been selected to work in Japan after completing Japanese language training through the Chief Minister Global Programme.
The HITO has sent a letter to the Chief Secretary of the State, the Chief Election Officer of the State and Bah Hamlet Dohling, Minister in charge of Rural Development.
In order for the workers to rest, the workers have been placed in this area to work 6 hours a day and after 6 hours they have been transferred to other places. this bag.
Speaking at the meeting, Sanbor Shullai, Minister in the MDA government from the BJP party, said that under the leadership of the Chief Minister, Cornad K Sangma, the are still struggling to overcome the financial crisis during this second wave of COVID-1
Replying to a supplementary question by Saleng A Sangma, the Chief Minister said, “I think in the last six months the government has not given permission to build a weighbridge.
“Her responsibility and compassion encourages us all and the Government expresses its gratitude for the work she has done in the field of health care,” said Dr. Lyngdoh.
The life expectancy of 64.7 years is lower than the all India average of 68.3 years. The literacy rate in Assam is 72.2 per cent against the national average of
The union feels that instead of the police spending their days harassing or arresting the members of the union, they should be disciplined in their working methods and train the police when they go to raid or arrest. Eric Nongkynrih Executive Member, KSU CEC from his home in Pohktieh has been arrested by the police. At midnight, the brother of the youth was arrested by the police.
Shillong, Nailar 03: The Silent Peace Rally on Saturday, August 5, 2023, has been called for by the President of the Catholic Association of Shillong, Bah John Anthony Lyngdoh. to pray for peace in Manipur.
The Meghalaya High Court has issued a timely decision to remove the MDA government's violent and unfounded decision on the participation of illegal teachers. government.
Titosstarwell said that the boundary of the District Council is based on the maps of the Hima of the Khasi States. It is now 50 years old, while the KHADC has been in existence since 1952 and the KHADC has confirmed the cases on that basis.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The President of the Hills Farmers Union (HFU) Commander Shangpliang on Tuesday said that the union has spoken to the Chief Minister Cornad K Sangma and also to the offices of the Ministry of Agriculture. The Central Government has decided to extend the PM Kisan Samman Nidhi scheme to the farmers who have lost their land.
He said success should not bring satisfaction, but should be a reason to have bigger goals.
After this incident, Mawryngkneng Village came forward to propose for the land and also on behalf of the Presbyterian Church Raitsamthiah, the government has chosen the cemetery of the Presbyterian Church in Lawmali. Dr John Sailo Ryntathiang was buried in the hospital this morning.
The committee has been empowered to reappoint people from the public if necessary. In order to maintain peace and order, the curfew has been extended until Tuesday and the mobile Internet. it will be closed for 24 hours.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) today visited Sawphorlong to protest against illegal dwellers in the area.
Therefore, the union has banned these mynder from entering and smuggling into the Raliang Elaka area since two months ago.
They should wash their hands thoroughly with soap when they cough or sneeze, cover their mouth with a cloth and avoid close contact with others if they have a fever or cough.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Fantin Lakadong blessed the village and its leaders and urged them to use the vehicle properly.
They carried placards and wrote that the Modi government is a government only for the rich. The party strongly condemns the price hike. .
Following the incident, the police have launched a search operation in Shillong.
This is not the first time that the NDA government under the leadership of the BJP has declared Christmas as Good Governance Day and now they have declared Good Friday as Good Governance Day. day Digital India Day.
The terminal building, including the existing building, will have an area of ​​336,000 sqm and will be able to serve 35 million passengers per annum.
On the other hand, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, said that the law will take action against those who mislead about the COVID-19 pandemic and this means that those who spread it will be punished.
A student named Khushi shared her experience on the education system with the Prime Minister by standing on the stage through a hologram.
The KJNU alleged that even in the morning, there are people dressed in public clothes in this area who collect money from trucks. or they are not in the place where they are assigned to work.
Shillong, November 05: The Fourth Working Group of the Meghalaya State Planning Board (MSPB) today met to review the expenditure of the three Autonomous District Councils on the allocation of funds allocated to them from the Plan. Scheme.
Shillong, March 05: Ardent Basaiawmoit today announced the formation of the Voice of the People's Party under the leadership of the party as interim president until the party is registered with the Election Commission of India. In India, the public announcement will be made from next November.
Donald V Thabah, General Secretary of the KSU, said:
Speaking to media, Minister in charge of Information and Broadcasting, James K Sangma, Minister of State for Information and Broadcasting, said that the Cabinet meeting has decided to set the government price to make it easier for the owners to get the “Mining Lease”.
Shillong, Iaiong 24: According to an inspection by the HNYF Northern Region, it has been found that there is a lot of corruption in SSA schools in Ribhoi, including the provision of lunch, school buildings, school fees and school fees.
There are 91 recoveries in East Khasi Hills, 17 in West Garo Hills and 14 in Ri Bhoi. , the total number of recoveries is now
When Bah Darwin Diengdoh Pugh did not attend the ceremony when he came as the Chief Minister, he did not stay at the house. did not stay in the government building.
Over the past year, the G02 programs in all parts of the country have showcased to the world the talents of the people of the country.
This is our goal and to achieve them.
In this regard, the Government has instructed the Deputy Commissioners to hold a special meeting with the Rangbah Shnongs to arrange the time for the opening and closing of the shops. to reduce the spread of the disease among the people because it is necessary to enforce the order not to have close contact with other people to prevent the spread of this terrible disease.
After the closure of Aircel, the residents of the border area have now returned to the old days by sending letters to the people who need them because the mobile networks have stopped working.
KarpooriJi is one of the foremost in the work for the backward classes and has dedicated his work for their welfare.
The Mission has received many requests from the State/City Government officials to give more time to complete the remaining 10% of the projects.
He said that it would be better if there were only three schools in the state, Government School, Government Aided School and Private School.
Speaking on the occasion, Amapreen Lyngdoh MLA Shillong East said that the Supreme Court of India today issued an order that the BJP government in Karnataka should prove the overpayment in the House. The dorbar was held at two o'clock in the afternoon.
Over the past five years, we’ve grown from a few hundred start-ups to 70,000 today.
Khasi people from time to time have been attacked and killed in the border areas by the Assam government and other groups.
Such incidents on the border happen from time to time and will continue to happen and this committee will ensure that if there is any incident on the border that this incident on the border will be peaceful.
The BJP Meghalaya Unit will continue to work for the strengthening of the hand of Narendra Modi,” he added.
The President of KSU Mawlai Nongkwar Unit was invited to attend the closing ceremony of the KSU Mawlai Nongkwar Inter Dong Knockout Football Tournament which started on 10th July 2023 under the leadership of Samla Mac Iver. Thabah Vice – President of KSU Mawlai Circle.
In a statement, the union said that Star Cement does not have the right to get the EC because it has gone beyond the public notice and the mining site is also adjacent to the Narpuh Wildlife. The Sanctuary is only 1.4 km away and the Eco-Sensitive is only 0.25 km from the mine and there are many species of animals that are on the verge of extinction.
He stressed the need to separate the waste into rotten and non-rotten waste in order to have a clean environment and a good place to live.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Chief Minister said, “The fight against corruption cannot be achieved without the cooperation of the people of the state. The public hearing of government schemes started in 2007 and this is still only for the MGNREGA scheme, but now according to the law all government departments have been brought under this public hearing.
The PRIME Tourism Vehicle Scheme of the Tourism Department of the State Government has also distributed life jackets, first aid boxes and sports equipment to the operators of tourist spots that have water sports.
In a statement, the General Secretary of the HNLC said that the panchayat should remember that it was the HNLA which took the life of Lal Singh in the past years. runar that you.
The bridge at Rajarongchu is 120 meters high and the bridge at Daru is 60 meters high.
According to the union leaders and some employees of the department, it is understood that the construction of the house in Mawsynram is through the Territorial Division of Khasi Hills which falls under the supervision of the DFO. department as part of facilitating the collection of revenues such as coal, mining and other mineral products produced from the forest.
The meeting was attended by the Superintendent of Police, Bah S Nongtynger and other government officials.
Shillong, July 10: Thirteen civil society organizations in the state have expressed their readiness to talk to the government without any hesitation. any rule as the government has expressed and on their part they also accept this proposal.
On this occasion, the KSU found that almost all the banks are open without respecting this special day. .
What is their role as leaders.
Bah Latiplang Kharkongor MDC in charge of Hima Affairs, who was also present on the occasion.
On the part of the Women's Wing of the Nongum Presbyterian Church, to achieve this goal, they welcomed the donation of three children of their house to the church to establish this school. with the consent of the mother of the animals, Himai Jana.
JETS 24X7 also said that the demand to ban the issuance of Trading License according to the law will be a blessing to the youth.
MH Dkhar concluded by saying that in connection with the demand of the union from the company on these signboards, the union will soon meet the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills to demand from the company. don't talk about this.
The names of the candidates announced today are Indrash M Marak from Rangsakona, Pangseng R Marak from Dalu, Witjeng N Sangma from Dadenggre, Thoseng Ch Sangma from Raksamgre and Jhimcarter M Sangma from Gambegre.
The Meghalaya State Commission for Women (MCSW) on Tuesday said that it has sought a report from the Laban Police Station on the alleged injury of Suresh Singh to his wife Poonam Singh. 31st March, 2023 at Laban residence, who was seriously injured and is still undergoing treatment at the hospital.
Shillong, March 01: The public has been given the opportunity to see and touch the helicopters of the army during the exhibition held at Hynniewmer which started on Tuesday and was opened to the public. today and tomorrow shall be the last day.
Regarding this allegation, it was said that Molin Umbah, had assaulted the Syiem at Mawhati Market.
Mawngap, Jymmang 15: A meeting held today at the residence of Bah SK Sun, Chief Executive Engineer of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, has decided that he should contest. The MLA Election will be held in 2018 to the Legislative Assembly.
Shillong, Nailar 20: The Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Assembly (KJPA) today held a meeting to discuss how to bring about a correct and orderly spelling of the Khasi language. you now.
The party will meet with the government to discuss the issue of nurses as there are two categories of nurses who have been sent by the government to study as bonded and others who have gone to study on their own. These are known as Non-Bonded Nurses. The union wants the government to appoint those sent by the government first.
On the other hand, Conrad said that billions of rupees have been spent on the foundation stone laying ceremony. He said that in the past three months, Dr Mukul Sangma has laid 30 foundation stones. .
The Executive Committee will meet in the coming days to take a decision and inform the relevant authorities.
Khanduli, March 03: The Khanduli area has been accepted by the Meghalaya and Assam governments as Block-I. the judgments of the time.
At the same time, u Symbut Chief Minister said that the construction of these buildings will not only create jobs, but will also create employment opportunities for the youth of the state. this state are skilled but need to be trained.
At the beginning of the celebration, a free medical checkup was held where doctors, nurses and assistants came from Swer CHC to conduct a medical checkup which started at 09:30 pm. Participants who attended the day.
“The EMF radiation emitted by mobile tower antennas and mobile handsets is to low non-ionizing RF/Electromagnetic energy.
A group led by Mawlai MLA Brighstarwell Marbaniang and Mawryngkneng MLA Heavingstone Kharpran were blocked by the police in front of the Deputy Commissioner's office.
He said 85 students from Assam and Meghalaya, 50 from Guwahati and 25 from Shillong have been admitted.
The Chief of Army Staff thanked the state government for its physical and spiritual support in this regard.
The death toll from COVID-19 has risen to 10 today, bringing the total number of deaths in the state to
The Rural Bank has been directed to reach an agreement with their bank in Jowai, as there is still this sudden change, the people cannot demand only shipsah, arphew or shiphew na. Banks have been directed to provide 2,000 rupees and 2,000 rupees.
Regarding the T.10 notes, he said that so far there has been no evidence of counterfeit notes. He said that the RBI has issued a directive that if anyone whoever refuses to accept this shifteen coin may be arrested and subject to the penalty of the law.
To claim that there is pollution in the air is not good without getting an explanation from the scientists, they are still waiting for the report and after receiving it they will be able to to explain clearly how it is and what they should do.
The village has elected Bah Tolbin Umbah as the new Rangbah Shnong of Mawtari Thaiang and Bah N Mynsong as the Asst Rangbah Shnong. in the absence of the Rangbah Shnong.
Regarding the claim of the President of HANM West Khasi Hills that the curfew of HANM West Khasi Hills will continue if the leaders do not escape, it is wrong and unfounded.
2856 SP bullets containing 142.8gm Tramadol Hydrochloride and 18 Nitcor 10 tablets containing 18 gm Nitrazapem IP were seized from Ghoramara near Garobadha. A case has been registered under the NDPS Act and the investigation is ongoing.
) B.D.Mishra (Retd.) who is not in Shillong at present as a welcome gift to the students and teachers who attended.
Shillong, Nailar 02: Tura Police today raided the residence of Chanchu M Marak, 32, and seized 576 grams of heroin. drunk.
In the singles shooting competition, the winner will receive a cash prize of 15,000 tyngka along with a silver medal. They were awarded 7,000 and 3,000 tyngka.
Shillong, Nailur 11: The National Lok Adalat (NLO) today was held in all 11 districts of Meghalaya.
New Delhi, 17: The Commission of India (EC) has announced the general elections to the Legislative Assembly of Arunachal Pradesh by Notification No.ECI/PN/23/2024 issued on 16th October and Sikkim will hold the General Election to the Lok Sabha in
Shillong, Nailur 29: The death toll from COVID-19 positive in Meghalaya has risen to 1400 so far, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has confirmed.
The MPHRC welcomes the government's decision and the Commission should have the powers according to the rules, said Dino DG Dympep.
The loss of this footbridge has caused a lot of trouble to the people who used to use this bridge and besides that it has also created a danger to pass through especially during the rainy season when the pedestrians have to snoh ha. that sign.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Election Commissioner, Rajiv Kumar, said that Meghalaya has always shown that Meghalaya is a peaceful state and the elections have been held smoothly. Meghalaya elections will be held smoothly.
More than 150 youths from different districts of the state attended the Inter District Integration Camp. The meeting was also witnessed by a group of youths from District Zero. , Arunachal Pradesh who came to the state to take part in the Youth Club Exchange Programme.
In his speech, the Prime Minister congratulated the people on this special day of Rongali Bihu.
The band will start playing from 10 pm at the Polo Ground.
Therefore, the Seng urges the relevant authorities to find ways to introduce a training center in the village along with adequate training centers and teachers so that this training center can be trained and improved. They played in the Shella area as a whole.
At a meeting held on Thursday, the MLA launched the scheme for the construction of the Lumsain SSA LP School, Mawlali, the construction of a water tank at Ryngkon Thynroit, the improvement of the CC Road. ) in Thangsning, the construction of the CC Footpath in Mawlein, the CC Bridge in Pingwait.
A few months before the world prepares for Christmas, Moolamylliang village in Jaintia Hills District has received the IconSWM-CE Excellence Award The 13th International Conference on Sustainable Waste Management and IPLA Global Forum 2023 was held in Mumbai on 29th November
He said that until now there is only one machine to examine the people who enter the state and this is for all those who come from abroad to enter Meghalaya.
The Regional Officer of ICCR Shillong, Bah N Munish Singh said, “It will be a moment to remember the singers and musicians from the North East of India to have such an opportunity to sing and put the tem in the rynsan of the whole world'
On the other hand, HANM insists that if the government does not remove the DC from the district, the protests will continue.
The residents of the surrounding villages are also shocked when these mynder walk along the roads, houses and talk badly about women and children especially on the days when the elderly go to work. that the village is covered.
When the time set by the Governor came, only the 16 members of the KHDA who supported Bah Shylla were present in the House because Bah Adelbert Nongrum arrived in the House later. The Pro-tem Chairman of KHADC has announced the victory of Bah HS Shylla as the new CEM of KHADC. The nomination papers for the CEM election did not reach the House as stipulated by the Governor of the State, so it announced that Bah Shylla has won without any opposition.
The CEO said that although the elections in Meghalaya have ended today, the MCC is still working until the counting of votes is completed and until all the voters have been completed. it is about the election.
Can't they become exporters, why don't their products sell in foreign markets? We want to move forward in relation to these aspirations.
On the other hand, the Hima Imat will appoint a guard to train these market dwellers to break the jhur which cannot be sold or which has remained in the designated place.
People should not walk around the market places without any need.
Before the awarding ceremony, a meeting was held with the chief guest Mr. Stephanson Mukhim, LB Sumer, F. Pakyntein, K. Pohshna and one of the students Ms. Samhakani Suja. .
There are 1,00,926 PPEs, 5,10,000 3 ply masks and 1,16,826 N95 masks.
The team was led by License Officer of KHADC Refreshal Shabong and Additional Superintendent of Enforcement Department of KHADC, Bah H. Syiemlieh.
The event was held at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong, where the Commissioner & Secretary to the State Government in charge of Sports and Youth Affairs, Bah FR Kharkongor was the guest speaker. you are the chief on this day.
Other office bearers elected at the meeting are Felicita Majaw Vice President, Secretary Purity Phawa, Hapiness Tongper Assistant Secretary, Publicity Secretary Badariti L Nonglait and Secretary The winner was Lucratia Dohtdong.
Regarding the failure to hold the celebration today, the General Secretary of the KSU said that the government authorities should not give reasons next year.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdohu said that Mairang Block is one of the oldest blocks in the state. The BDO is one of the most important offices of the government as it is the link between the people and the Khadar administration through various departments of the government as through it many schemes and programs of state and local government.
This is due to the linkage according to the State Memorandum.
The games on this day talk about how to bring peace.
The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, will convene a meeting of the Business Advisory Committee next month to determine the starting date of the session and how many days the session will last.
On this occasion, the Seng also honored those who took part in the poetry competition on the theme “Fatherhood destroys the nation”. Purningstar Shabong, former President Robert June Kharjahrin and other office bearers of the party were also present.
The union hopes that the management of this corporation of the central government will listen.
At this meeting, all the civil society organizations said that the time has come to do something to resolve this issue and the government has also said that there will be no 100% solution. but they will try without forgetting the people to solve this problem.
There was also a visit to the Shlem Deiriti of Pahambir village led by Bah Rani Maring and accompanied by his children to provide traditional food and drink from Ri-Bhoi.
The union has already submitted a petition to the Chief Secretary for clarification on the project, whether it will benefit the residents of Umden and Nongthymmai and the state as a whole. “It's a good idea to have a foreign company from Assam and Manipur,” said Bawandonbok Nongsiej.
In this meeting with the GM of FCI, the members of the JACM demanded that if the Saikai Company does not hand over the four drivers who are allegedly involved in this incident, The FCI should immediately terminate the contract to transport rice against the company.
“Ka AJYWO also demands that the Meghalaya government should find ways and means to help all these refugees who have been affected by the NGT order and “The government should do this immediately before the death of thousands of residents of Jaintia Hills,” said Bah MH Dkhar.
V. Diengdoh Joint Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya in charge of the Chief Minister's Office and others said that the ban on mobile internet will continue for 48 hours from Saturday 14/12/2
It is to be recalled that the District Task Force has been set up in accordance with the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act 2016, while the District Level Team has been set up in accordance with the Work Permit Scheme to register foreign workers.
The Working President said that the MSOA has not yet received any information from the IOA on the holding of the 36th edition of the National Games which was scheduled to be held in Goa in Nov that the IOA will take a final decision on the matter.
Answering questions, the Prime Minister said that the government has urged the people to come forward to set up good Dhabas on the road from Paikan to Tura. The house is currently under construction in Mawdiangdiang.
Those who tested positive for COVID-19 are from all districts.
Shillong, July 05: U Dr Celestine Lyngdoh today welcomed the election of Dr Celestine Lyngdoh as President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPC) held at Congress Bhavan. Election.
MPCC President DD Lapang told SP News Agency that the meeting of the MPCC today was only to consider the applications of the candidates from these two parliamentary seats. Seat.
All the living things inside this house were destroyed.
The total number of COVID-19 positive cases in the state has risen to 438, of which 206 cases are in East Khasi Hills District. after.
The Home Minister said the government is concerned about the shooting of Agnes Kharshiing and Amita Sangma and that is why the Cabinet has decided to appoint an independent commission of inquiry. to look at all the events that occurred after the coal mining ban in
This word is spoken by the ancients who knew and knew about literature in books, but they did not use the word 'nong' thew to the scholars who wrote in the language of the books.
According to the survey, the scheme has protected the jobs of about 1.5 crore people.
“The HNLC warns the CEM to immediately cancel the notification issued recently to declare Majai a Raid, but otherwise.
As a result, farmers have had the opportunity to invest in their farms by purchasing the seeds, fertilizers and equipment they need and this increases the yields of their produce.
Shillong, June 05: The Hynniewtrep People's Front (HPF) of Ri Bhoi District has demanded that the PWD of the Meghalaya Government should immediately repair the road from Marngar to Umden village of Ri Bhoi District. it was too bad.
He was also appointed to review the schemes implemented by the Department of Development of the North Eastern Region.
Preston said that after completing the resolution of these six issues, the remaining six issues will be taken up. next month they will submit a report to the government.
“Now after nine years, the North East has become on par with other states of the country.
Shillong, March 29: Seven poets, Prof Streamlet Dkhar, received the Lifetime Achievement Award at the 18th National Convention of the AIPC held in Bidar, Karnataka. Award and Kong Minimon Laloo received the Special Award. Both of them have brought honor through their contribution to the field of literacy.
Shillong, Naitung 31: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma will convene a Cabinet meeting tomorrow morning to review the government's decision taken on 24th July The Government at that time had given permission to UCIL to mine uranium at Mawthabah.
Nongstoin, Naitung 03: Members of the GNLA on the night of the 2nd of this month at about 10.15 PM raided the residence of the employees of the BSC Road Company which is constructing the road in Nongstoin. region.
Ardent said that this understanding of the KSA leader could affect the peace and order in the border areas and he wanted to know what steps the government has taken.
This is also seen as a violation of Article 19(1) (a) of the Constitution of India by the State Government. one is a resident of the village.
The polling in the state went smoothly without any incident despite the curfew called by the HNLC in Ri Lum Khasi and the presence of insurgents in Garo Hills.
There are 320 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 207 from East Khasi Hills, 53 from West Garo Hills, 16 from Ri Bhoi and 14 from West Jaintia Hills. There are 86585 cases so far, while 177 cases have been admitted to hospitals.
Vice President of the Foundation Matthew Moa from the Meghalaya Branch said the purpose of the event was to train people to help those in need of blood.
The KSU has received a letter from the Deputy Commissioner Kong I.Laloo and has seen it through the media saying that this has surprised the KSU, how she as the Head of the District Level Team has The report from the District Labor Commissioner's Office says that they have not implemented the Work Permit system.
In cases where the people do not receive the food items or food items as they should, they should send complaints to the DGROs. have the power to impose fines in case of violation of the provisions of the Act.
Meghalaya, which has been worst affected by the floods this year, is parts of West Garo Hills District where people have been forced to leave their homes to stay in shelters. lands that are reserved by the government.
Blue Bell Sangma, who won the mid-term election from Chokpot from the Congress party, has refused to give her ticket in the general election.
The group visited Ummat village before visiting the Mawbahs of the 12 Kurs of the Raid Nongtung, which is a sacred place where rituals are held for the dead.
The union also informed the Minister regarding the agencies operating in Meghalaya which recruit Khasi children to study abroad.
On the 5th of this month, Sunam Bishnab, a resident of West Jaintia Hills District, came with three Bangladeshis and walked in front of the BSF but they were not arrested.
The Deputy Commissioner and the Chief Secretary have also spoken to the Chief Secretary of Assam regarding this incident. Kamrup.
However, according to my understanding, earlier they proposed to be within the Dorbar Shnong Umpling but they refused because they said it is a refugee camp.
The Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, on Tuesday said that the police have lodged a complaint against the people involved in the illegal work permit of foreign workers working around Shillong.
The inauguration ceremony of the Central Government Health Center in Meghalaya by UNESCO officials will be held on the 11th of this month at the hospital.
Corporate employees come and stay for a short time and leave," he said.
The Congress leader has requested the NPP, UDP, HSPDP, PDF and Independent MLAs to take a decision to leave the BJP immediately. The BJP has expressed its opposition to Amit Shah's announcement to bring back the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) if the BJP comes back to power after the 2019 MP elections.
Decades passed.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: U Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA of Shillong South today inaugurated the cleaning of a parking lot at Lawsohtun Block 6 for the benefit of the people.
The high level delegation was led by Sukhjinder Singh Randhawan, Cabinet Minister in charge of Co-Corporation and Prisons.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: Former MLA of Nongkrem Constituency, Bah HS Shylla today filed his nomination paper for the mid-term MDC election from this constituency as the candidate of the UDP party. After filing the nomination paper, the former CEM of KHADC said that his contest is based on four grounds. from time to time and most importantly to repeal the Meghalaya Compulsory Registration Marriage Act which has been passed by the Legislative Assembly of the State.
Shillong, November 08: The Election Photo Identity Card of 2007 is still in force, said Sunjay Goyal, Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills.
The number of cases in East Garo Hills is 20, East Jaintia Hills 4, East Khasi Hills 202, Ri Bhoi 13, West Garo Hills There were 280 of them.
“In fact, this decision of the MDA-I Government has helped the farmers and the question of illegal tax collection within the border of Meghalaya will not be allowed at all. there is such a thing, we will have to do something immediately," he said.
Speaking as President of the NPYF, Bah Kitborlang Nongrem said that the task ahead of him is to visit all the districts to strengthen the youth wing. who has not yet planted a new one.
The number of employees in the MIDC has dropped to 50% from the previous level in all three offices, Shillong, Tura and Jowai. It is true that there is no one who has rested as a recruit and that job has been given to those who are still in office.
It is to be recalled that 13-Mawryngkneng Constituency has become vacant after the death of Bah David A. Nongrum MLA of Mawryngkneng Constituency and 47-Rajabala Constituency has also become vacant after the death of Dr. Azad Zaman MLA of Mawryngkneng. this is the constituency.
FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle strongly condemns these bloodthirsty people who have committed the robbery of Wanri Kordor Khyriem and Manbha Kupar Kshiar. Lummawbah Village, Upper Shillong while they were returning from work to support their families.
The Seng demands that the Deputy Commissioner should implement the law in relation to this illegal activity and smuggling by clearing these foreign trucks without proper documents.
He said that at present more than 200 youths from West and South West Garo Hills have been employed after completing the training as security guards.
On the other hand, Bah Metbah said that he feels that it is an honor for him that the MDA has elected him as a candidate for the Speaker election to be held in the Dorbar Synrai. accept this offer.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: Police of Laban Police Station have arrested Edmund Paul Kharir, 36, Manager of Marvelene's Inn, Rilbong, Shillong under the POCSO Act.
If we had killed people for four years, nothing would have happened in those days.
The total number of people who came to take medicine was more than
The State Planning Board has suggested to the IT & C Department to introduce an E-Waste Program to collect old and obsolete IT equipment.
He said that at the meeting on 13 August 2013, at Mawkhar, Shillong, he will release a special letter written by the first Prime Minister of India. (Late) Jawaharlal Nehru in 1947, on matters relating to the Federation of Khasi States.
The KSU leader said that on that day there will be weddings and those who attend the weddings in the morning should identify themselves by holding balloons. bri u Hynniewtrep to continue to suffer and to unite body and soul for the benefit of the present and tomorrow.
Shillong, June 29: The Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) in charge of the Elaka Department, Bah Jambor War today launched the book “Ka Phan Nonglait, A Laday Freedom Fighter of India”. This was written by Daniel Stone, Lyngdoh Nonglait.
Everyone from the elderly, the youth and the children were invited to participate in the treatment. All those who came for treatment were given free medicine for them.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The All Meghalaya Commercial Vehicle Owners and Drivers Union (AMCVODU) on Saturday held a meeting at Lad Nongkrem where officials from all over the Khasi Jaintia Hills District took part in the meeting. session.
The Chief Minister was accompanied by the Minister of Land Affairs, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, the Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, the MLA of Mokaiaw, Bah Nujorki Syngoh. , Rakkam A Sangma MLA of Rongra Siju, MLA of Jowai Wailadmiki Shylla and other government officials.
The problems of the most vulnerable and backward communities under the PM-JANMAN scheme are being addressed. Now, the foundation stone of Anganwadi Centers in Manipur has been laid for these communities.
The Chief Minister said that the purl doctor's post at the North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health and Medical Sciences can accommodate only 50 students and Meghalaya has only 9 seats.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: Union Home Minister Kiren Rijiju on Tuesday said that those who oppose the government's decision to replace the currency means that they have illegal money with them. He was speaking to reporters at St Anthony's College today.
When he arrived in the state, he was tested again and found positive.
He suggested to design the logo to bring about connections between Gujarat and the North East and the Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR), Zonal Cultural Centers (ZCC), Song & Drama Division of Information & Broadcasting. Ministries and relevant departments of the State Governments shall take an active part in various activities.
He said that these houses of Nong-Mawsynram will help the students to come and live in this city.
New Delhi, March 25: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced that the by-election to the Rajya Sabha from Meghalaya will be held on the 18th of June.
“This blockade by the Karbi is to intimidate the Khasi until they surrender in front of them,” said the Chairman of the Forum.
Besides the President, the other office bearers are Wallam K Nongsiej as Vice President, Dr Bapynsuk Nohwir Joint Secretary as General Secretary, Dr N Nongtdu as Finance Secretary, Dr A Syiemiong as Assistant Finance Secretary, Education. Secretary Samla B Umdor and 30 other office bearers of the party.
Speaking to media, the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District said that it is very difficult to avoid the spread of plastic on the roads as this is a highway which cannot be protected.
Many speakers at Madan Student and one of the 85 year old mothers said that if we cannot continue, we will be able to survive because of the infiltration of foreigners. it is a threat to the minorities.
These days, the sale of jhur is held at Anjalee parking lot where even vehicles carrying jhur from Assam come to the place, but today they were surprised when they were not allowed to enter the Anjalee parking lot. even until 8.20 in the morning.
One of the parts of the email received by Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw written by SP, M Kharkrang, “Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw I hope you are in a healthy body like me. Creator Creator".
Shillong, Iaiong 07: The Border Security Force (11-Battalion) Karaigora today distributed 10 kilos of rice per household to the neighboring villages. revenue.
The Union Minister of State for Child Development, Dr. Aman Warr, said that in the government medical colleges, the state has set the entrance fee for the students and for the private medical colleges. The decision shall be taken by a Committee set up by the Government of the State in which the Chairman shall be a retired judge of the High Courts in accordance with the order of the Supreme Court of the State.
Meghalaya borders with Bangladesh, if the Central Government passes this Bill, it will pose a serious threat to us the indigenous people of Meghalaya, besides our Jaidbynriew. , now, is already on the line of danger.
There are 24 cases of COVID-19 in the state today, while 7 cases have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills.
Shillong, June 14: The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah DP Wahlang, today said that the Shillong Municipal Board has been empowered to fine those who spread garbage in the city. days since the bill was issued, up to T.3 lakh tyngka.
This year, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Metbah Lyngdoh, were present at the ceremony in the presence of Pyniaid Sing Syiem MLA Maryngkneng.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Jirang MLA said that when development works come to the villages and areas, there are no complaints, but the problem is that after the implementation of the works, The Assam government will not own the land.
This behavior of these factories has angered the union and shows that they do not respect and care for the indigenous people in terms of unemployment.
There are 13 candidates who have registered.
The Governor of Meghalaya said he was deeply saddened and shocked to learn of the sudden passing away of Union Minister Ram Vilas Paswan.
At present, it is not clear that there is anything behind this but it is up to the party leaders of Nongpoh BCC, Ri-Bhoi DCC and MPCC. Bah Lapang could not be reached for comment.
The Prime Minister said the government is ready to talk to anyone, but the talks should be able to raise a central issue according to the Constitution which can bring benefits. for many churches.
The meeting was also the launch of the RDA election campaign for Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin.
The Chief Minister said that Meghalaya is one of the fastest growing states not only in the North East, but in the country as a whole.
Four others who escaped from the Jowai District Jail are Marsanki Tariang, Rikmenlang Lamare, Shidorki Dkhar and Lodstar Tang.
Tura, November 10: HSPDP President KP Pangniang has left Tura to meet GNC President Kalpana D Sangma in the presence of party leaders.
Meanwhile, those who work with the Chief Minister on contract basis who receive their salary as stipulated for their travel expenses will be appointed by the office in consultation with the Finance Department of the State Government.
On this Independence Day, which marks the 150th birth anniversary of Gandhiji, let each of us follow his thoughts in whatever way we can. do in your daily activities.
The BSF have arrested them and seized the sugar after completing the requirements. They were handed over to the Danger Police Station for further investigation.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) through the Education Cell in collaboration with the Elyon Institute will conduct a Free Coaching Class for the students who are awaiting the results of Class-12 and The CUET-UG will be the first time that the National Test Agency (NTA) has completed the Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate (HSSLC). First, the NTA will conduct this exam.
The expenditure of the candidates will be T.70 lakh for the election.
This law was passed to prevent criminals from escaping from prison.
Shillong, Nailar 22: Civil society groups from Garo Hills and Assam today held a one-day protest near the Civil Hospital Shillong to demand the change of the Meghalaya government. The agreement was signed between Meghalaya and Assam.
The Minister also informed that the 264th session of the Rajya Sabha will begin on July 27, 2024 and end on May 3,
Shillong, July 05: The Meghalaya Asha Workers Union (MAWU) today celebrated its 5th Anniversary at Madan Student.
Shillong, March 15: The MDC elections for the two Assemblies of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) and Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will be held on 27th June
“In order to avoid being deceived by companies, Online Earning Apps or people who promise to earn shiphew percent from a small expenditure, the Branch Manager has welcomed the proposal of the organization and promised to cooperate. “We have worked with the party to train the people to avoid the exploiters who want to steal money without misappropriating the money of the people,” said the statement.
The drugs were carried by a woman inside her vehicle and the market value of the drugs seized was T.167.86/- crore. They have been handed over to the Mizoram Police for further investigation.
In the midst of this curfew, it is to be commended for the way people have observed the rules and regulations and their celebration of these festivals with dignity and staying at home.
Urging those who oppose the introduction of foreign workers within the boundary of the village, he said, “Come forward, ask what you need and if you want to ask anyone, come by road. but to come and do so is a threat to our people who are outside our state.
Under the G20 framework, while India aims to demonstrate its commitment to developing resources for tourism growth, the Government of Mizoram has also started developing resources by which invests in the expansion and modernization of the airport and roads to enhance transport options to tourist destinations and also to more difficult to reach areas.
We cannot call for an unhealthy society, we cannot think of a society without education.
The PMMY is one of the most important schemes of the Government of India that encourages self-employment.
The number of cases by district is East Garo Hills 2, East Jaintia Hills 4, East Khasi Hills 7, Ri Bhoi 3, South West Garo Hills 1, South West Khasi Hills 1, West Garo Hills 3, West Khasi Hills 3 people.
He said the land here in Khasi Jaintia is very different from other ethnic groups in India.
If not, why are you blind? Even the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, has seen it with his own eyes on 31-10-13 during his visit to Umkiang East. Jaintia Hills District For the benefit of the people that the government does not listen to the union does not refuse to take a decision to protest, so the union in these days has held a meeting and decided to protest by holding the flag. on 16-01-2014 as a sign of regret that the government does not treat the residents of the area.
The group has also been involved in spreading the word of God through books, songs through the Pauline Book and Media Centres. in 52 countries of the world.
Union Defense Minister Amit Shah said the social agreement is a milestone to make the North East free from violence by 2024 and achieve the Prime Minister's goal. Narendra Modi for a peaceful and prosperous North East.
Honsen said he has been a big supporter of the party for the past 38 years. It is for this support that former President of India Pranab Mukherjee in In 2015, he was awarded the National Award.
The fourth resolution is that in addition to the 6th Schedule, the Government of India should enforce Article 371 (A) & (G) on Hynniewtrep as in Nagaland and Mizoram.
Maharashtra, Jharkhand and MP had a turnout of between 50.71%, 50.98% and 51.16%.
This demand of the union is due to the increase in violence against women and children in the state.
The Government has prepared a roadmap to promote this industry in the state by introducing various measures to strengthen milk production in the state and urged the stakeholders to take action. interest-free loan to promote milk production in the state.
It is learned that the ban on coal mining in Meghalaya is only after the All Dimasa Students' Union (ASU) and Dima Hasao Dist.
Sohra, March 24: Ka Kong R Synrem, mother of Balajied Kupar Synrem, on Tuesday said that the victory of her son in the mid-term elections from the 26-Shella Constituency shows that the people still trust the family of Balajied Kupar Synrem. their house.
New Delhi, Jymmang 17: The Union Home Secretary to the Union Home Ministry today announced that the National Lockdown will be extended till 31st June
The Crystal Gayle Kharnaior Memorial Award 2023 was awarded to Bah Ian Lyngdoh Nongkynrih for his book on the bridges to Ri-War which he has found hundreds of times and on TV for a day. In La Shnong, you can broadcast at the Doordarshan Kendra.
The salary increase for Adhoc teachers was made in
Shillong, Naitung 28: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawlai Circle today evening after receiving a complaint from a family of Mawlai Mawtawar Village, which falls under the containment zone, has been refused by the Ganesh Das Hospital to give birth. I was taken to the hospital.
When we look at this year since the last Republic Day, there are many things that make us happy.
Shillong, November 20: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) RIST-USTM Unit on Tuesday held its Fresher's Meet Cum Get Together
The Kitdor Memorial Award was also presented to Badariti L Nongrang Art and Baphilahun Marwein Commerce. The king did not go to the house of God.
The delay in the announcement of the candidates by the Congress will affect those candidates who will contest from the constituencies where the Congress has to contest against the MLAs of other parties.
The aim of this is to preserve the environment and it was first initiated by former Union Minister P Munshi in
Shillong, July 12: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Tuesday said that MPs and MLAs should not mislead the people on the Inner Line Permit and Sixth Schedule.
Speaking on the recent approval by the Cabinet of a grant of T.23000 crore for the development of testing and treatment facilities, the Prime Minister said that this grant will help in strengthening the resources in the field of health services in the North East.
The bodies of the two policemen were brought to Dong Khimmusniang Jowai and handed over to their families for the rituals in the presence of their children and family members. no shame.
In the formation of the government in Meghalaya, how far will the NCP leaders be able to persuade Congress leader Sonia Gandhi to allow the NCP to become a minister in the government led by Mukul Sangma?
Guwahati, June 29: Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogogi today told reporters that a CBI team will arrive in Assam tomorrow morning to investigate the collection of money by companies from the people of what is known as the "Chit Found"
It will also help to improve the quality of health care to the poor and vulnerable in the state.
Retired soldiers can also be used in call center jobs to make it easier to talk to people who are being isolated at home.
Also present on this occasion were the elders, women, young men and women.
Regarding the abuse of women and children, the Chief Superintendent of Police said that action should be taken from home to check their behavior if they are seen walking in the streets. the wrong way should be rebuked.
The appearance of this group has shocked the Meghalaya Police.
Police seized pistols and several rounds of ammunition from the vehicle along with documents related to the Garo National Liberation Council (GNLA).
He also urged the public to cooperate with the District Administration while this work is ongoing.
The GSU alleged that this action of the government is due to the negligence in the provision of drinking water to the people. It raises the question why the MLAs and MDCs in the past and now do not talk to the government about this problem of the people.
Pynaid Sing Syiem MLA of the area said that it is true that the construction of the road has ended at the area, but he has already sent a letter to the government to continue. to extend this road from Umtyrkhung to Shillong bye pass to pass through these four villages.
“Let us forget the MDC, let us forget the MLA, let us work together in the MP because it affects our customs and traditions,” he said. because the old friends have returned to the Congress.
cases in West Khasi Hills, 49 cases in Ri Bhii, 10 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 9 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 15 cases in West Garo Hills, 4 cases in South West Garo Hills, 4 cases in South Garo Hills, 1 case in East Garo Hills and 1 case in North Garo Hills 2 people.
INC. All these candidates have filed their nominations today.
"“It’s all when it’s clear for things and we want to see if we get a female candidate.
She carried the Bok to continue to rise to the Maw-mer of the Thong and expected from her that the Jaitbynriew would rise higher so that she would not only be the Mawkordor of the house but also the Mawkordor. of the Nation as a whole.
But freedom is a far-fetched idea.
According to sources, the student, who is studying in the third year of the nursing college, was found dead at 6.30 pm this morning by his brothers. There is no nurse at the hospital.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, the President said that since ancient times, the indigenous people have been protecting the environment according to their knowledge, customs and traditional beliefs.
The Government has to answer these questions.
According to a statement from Bah W Lapang from Lawmei Pdengshnong, there has been a problem since 2011 regarding the posts of Rangbah Shnong which has not been resolved since these years, but with wisdom. Under the skilled leadership of the current CEM of KHADC, these issues have been implemented properly and resolved to get a full Rangbah Shnong of the village.
Shillong, Naitung 7: U Bah Charles Marngar MDC of Mawhati today met with the Director of Electricity, MN Chetri of MePDCL to discuss the issues of the villages under Mawhati. Constitution.
All teachers are requested to attend.
Shillong, Lber 21: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Education Cell CEC (HYC) has expressed its dissatisfaction with the increasing light outages of the MPDCL which has affected and affected the children. and students of the state who are still in examination.
Of the 466 million employees (PLFS 2017-18), about 375 million or 80.47% are estimated to be employed in private sector.
The union will send a letter to the district authorities and the area leaders on this issue and if the Phiels are involved in this issue, they will have to take responsibility for this issue.
“Purno was a mentor, a true role model who taught us and guided us (his children) to do what we should do in life, especially in politics, which “It means that we must put the people first and ensure that whatever decision we take must be for the benefit of the people of the state and for the country,” he said. .
I work without thinking of myself.
In Ri Bhoi District, out of the 13 cases tested positive for COVID-19 today, 6 cases are policemen. go to public places, keep a distance from each other and wash your hands regularly.
The shop was identified as M/s Satya Narayan Jiwan Ram and the owner of the shop was Depak Chokhani.
Shillong, Naitung 26: The water level at Umiam Dam has risen to 3205.62 ft due to heavy rainfall in the past few days. at 10.30 am today
If found guilty of the rules the penalty is up to two years in prison.
A transformer at Lumshatsngi (Bishnupur) has suddenly collapsed and caught fire on Tuesday morning at about 10:00 pm.
In her speech, Ravneet Kaur said that between the closeness between countries, the need for a strong market that supports the struggle and prevents crime, and the purpose of the Competition Law is to bring about a stronger struggle.
The Tata Trusts and Dream Football will cover all the expenses of the tournament. The selection team will be conducted by Fabian Ewertz of FC. Bitburg, will play against Germany on the 18th of this month at the Polo Ground from 9 pm.
This was brought by the Leader of the House, Bah PN Syiem who is also the CEM of KHADC. The family of Bah Markus Lyngdoh on this sudden passing away of Bah Markus Lyngdoh.
Regarding the refusal of the Dorbar Shnong to set up shops at the tourist spot in Ryndang Briew, a dispute has arisen between the vendors and the Rangbah Shnong.
“We cannot say that the incidence of rape in our state is excessive but it is sad to see that after a few days these criminals who have no sense of humanity are released on bail. “We have not punished them according to the law,” said Sambormi Lyngdoh, Publicity Secretary of the party.
He said that if the government does not do anything in this regard, the cow market will be in trouble as it cannot compete with the smugglers to Bangladesh.
The Government has sent a letter to the Commission and the money sent by the Government has been distributed according to the needs of various departments. The Commission's budget for the next five years is T.82,815 crore.
What happened in the past few days in the metor area has also seen a wrong writing or explanation on the incident which has led to mislead even the media from outside the state and the has brought about problems in many areas.
He said that the Furom leaders had a visit to the DC and SP of Karbi Anglong but this meeting and discussion did not come to fruition.
Speaking at the public meeting, the Chief Minister said that he is pleased to see that the village and the region will get this 50 bed government health centre.
Speaking at the meeting, Ms Loma Jyrwa said that the most important thing in this age is to educate the youth to walk in the right path to create a clean society.
On the reports that the Regional Committees have to submit to the Government within 45 days from the date of issuance of the Government Announcement, but this will be based on the actions of the people. The Chief Secretary said that the ethnic groups in the area, the proximity to government workplaces and the proximity to the places where the villagers live.
The investigation has been going on for more than a year and the government has changed.
Phasmon, MDC, EM JHADC will be the Chief Guest, Habahun Dkhar, MDC, JHADC, will be the Chief Guest, Justine Dkhar, Ex.MLA, will be the Special Invitee. other Leaders of the Kur, along with Entertainment Items to enrich and enrich the Dorbar Kur.
Wellbirth said the incident happened outside the venue where they planned to hold the protest and this happened before the protest started involved.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District has promised to the leaders of the union that by 9th June this month, the government will repair the road as soon as possible. This road to Narpuh area has been closed due to the bad condition of the road.
Out of the 29 MDCs elected by the people, 28 MDCs have been sworn in as full-time leaders of the people. he could not come because of his illness.
Dr BH Buam, president of the party, said that they have met with the prime minister to discuss the issue.
This is the statement of Samla Plosborlin Kharjahrin.
There are 37 MLAs in the ruling party.
Shillong, March 09: U Governor of Meghalaya, V.Shanmuganathan today visited 17 pandals in Shillong. 11 pandals.
Meanwhile, Ri Bhoi, which has three Congress MLAs, did not get a seat in the cabinet.
The KHADC will send these two resolutions to the Government for action on these two resolutions which were passed by the KHADC today.
Mawkyrwat, November 18: The District Administration of South West Khasi Hills District today conducted a cleanliness drive in Mawkyrwat especially the market in the middle of Mawkyrwat town.
During this visit, Bah Robert June Kharjahrin President of the HYC met with the residents of the village and met with the mother who stood up to block the police of Assam on the day of the Police out post in Umawli.
When asked by SP News Agency whether there is any problem in the distribution of ration in East Khasi Hills District, the Chief Minister said he will have to find out.
Meghalaya has only three applications and it is up to the state government to accept or reject them before sending them to the central government.
Regarding the request for the publication of the Map of the Sacred Laws, the CEM said that the Executive Committee, JHADC has now decided to use the Global Positioning Systems (GPS) in relation to the needs. of the JHADC office, especially in relation to land holding issues.
The deadline for submission of nomination forms is 21st June 2018 before 5 pm.
He said that the vision of Dr Donkupar Ror and PA Sangma who ate kwai at the door of God has been fulfilled today and the demand of PA Sangma that the government should take over the college is in 2008 when Dr Donkupar was the Chief Minister of the state.
Therefore, to bring about the victory over the disease we need to follow the guidelines of the Government.
Bah PN Syiem CEM of KHADC said that the forced construction of buildings by-law by MUDA in areas outside the Municipal has been a major problem for the people, as MUDA has appointed MeECL. and the PHE not to provide light and water if the owners have not received permission to build their houses.
The adoption of these practices has led to a significant reduction in mortality in Sweden and the incidence of chronic diseases in the country has decreased by about 41%, than in comparison to EU countries.The world needs them appropriate measures to be introduced by the government for safety and welfare.
In his speech, Brigadier Sudhir urged the soldiers who have been recruited today to maintain the honor and reputation of this army without hesitation to defend their country. The young men in the army from the North East of India are very brave.
Those youngsters who wish to take part in judo can register at the offices of the District Sports Officers or call the MJA office bearers at 9863043125/9 to.
Mawkyrwat, November 07: In preparation for the election to the Sixth Legislative Assembly of the State to be held in 2013, Bah A Mawlong today convened a meeting of the Government Officials of the District. section to discuss this matter.
He said that it is true that the GHADC Session will end on 15th March 2020 and before this the government will take a decision on this issue, whether in any form only the government. The decision will be taken at the Cabinet meeting to be held in the coming days.
The petition was signed by Herald S Dkhar as Chairman, KC Rymbai as General Secretary and other members of the party.
Before this happened, the Congress party had called for this protest and this is only the beginning of the protest. until the block, said Zenith.
On the other hand, the Seng has sent a letter to the Director of the department, Bah Pius D Sangma to complain against the findings of the HITO which can lead to the evasion of revenue of the State Government. by the presence of opportunistic people.
The Admission-2023 shows that 40% of the students are engineers and 60% are not engineers but are studying science, humanities, commerce, pharmacy and have passed medical courses.
This annual sport meet has its own purpose and the purpose of this is to encourage and motivate you students because you have the opportunity to take part in various sports to compete with each other. pat and also to eliminate the spirit of shame for training and self-improvement.
Commander in his speech said that the leaders don't talk about the problems of the farmers because they don't understand the problems of the farmers.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today met with the Director of NEIGRIHMS and handed over a letter demanding that the increase the number of doctoral students for Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The Hynniewtrep People's Front (HPF) in the past few days has donated food items to the children of Umden Umsaitprah village in Ri Bhoi District.
Vicky said that the government's reluctance to issue recognition shows clearly that it does not want the youth to stand on their own feet, it wants the youth to go and bow in front of them at such times. election, he claimed.
Students, parents and teachers are full of worries about the health of students because of this.
This was announced by the General Secretary of the KSU Nongkrem Unit.
Regarding the purchase of transformers, the Minister said that there are companies identified by MeECL to purchase them. and many that were lost were bought with a new one.
President Lamphrang Kharbani said that the party has appointed Shaniahlang Suchen as the interim president of the party.
The Food and Civil Supplies Department has been given 60 days to complete the selection process and after that the public will be allowed to register or withdraw their names for 40 days.
The victim was identified as Rosemary Mawlong, 32, resident of Sumer, Bhoi District.
The permit must be issued by the land owners, then sent to the State Government and the State Government must send to the Ministry of Coal to do what is necessary and the mining plan must be prepared by persons recognized by the Ministry of Coal. government.
He was a mechanic in Jowai, West Jaintia Hills in
This panchayat registration is not only in Dawki but in the entire Amlarem Civil Sub Division.
Regarding the MOU for the first phase, HANM Land Protection Cell does not accept it.
According to the information of the union, these people have started sleepless nights since the KHADC through the Trade Department has banned foreigners from trading without license in the GS Road area.
“It is a pity for the people especially the mothers who have given birth in the middle of the road and cannot reach the hospitals because of the lack of vehicles. “Those who go to the market in Patharkhmah have to ride in Mahindra pickups and walk through this road like a soh phlang in the kriah especially the elderly people face many problems.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: A mother has left her 21-day-old son at the home of Ranjit Pandit and Sundari Devi at 13mile, Shillong. , Tamulkuchi, Byrnihat,ha Ri Bhoi District.
In a statement, Agens Kharshiing said that the NHRC has received her complaint and has prepared a special building for the complaint.
In West Jaintia Hills District under the 7-Amlarem Assembly Constituency, the home voting for the elderly will start on 12/June/2024 and end on 13/June/2 long two days.
The Minister also informed that the department under his supervision has worked hard in the treatment centers for those who have become addicted to alcohol and the homes of the elderly in the country. surveillance in these facilities is further restricted from the hour of care and adequate safety to those living in these facilities.
(MCAB) Mawsynram Branch.
In the junior match, Umroh A beat Umroh B 3-0
That he (Bah Tarson) should do anything by following the wrong path I cannot accept and I have never found that.
Eveningstar Sangriang, 39, of Nongryniang village, Mawkyrwat police station, has been raping his daughter since 2012, police said in a statement.
These are the 7 poorest households selected by the committee with the consent of the village authorities.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: The Mawlangwir Youth Association will hold an “Ia kop shad” on the 6th November, 2018 at Salonsar Hall, Mawlangwir at 7:00 PM. Please don't forget to participate in this competition.
Other parts of the meeting decided to prepare for the MLA elections in 2023 and set up a Central Election Committee to take this task forward.
On the other hand, the KSU has told the Minister of Education that the Supreme Court of India in its judgment issued on 15th March 2015 regarding Aadhaar has said “It is clear that the KSU cannot be unemployed until another decision has been taken and Aadhaar has been released in Meghalaya,” said the KSU in a letter sent today.
On this occasion, a book published by the college was also launched.
Speaking at the meeting before the march, Bah Sing Mulieh said, “This is the march that today is the beginning of the march. “It's not like we're going to be able to do anything about this,” he said.
Shillong, July 02: Police have given five days to investigate u Bah Joefreson Jana, 29, on charges of killing his two children on 30th June He was arrested the next day at his residence in Nongrah.
Shillong, July 18: The Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat, Bah A. Mawlong IAS in the presence of Superintendent of Police D. Sangma MPS today held a meeting with various senior officers. Mawkyrwat District Level Committee on Protection of Women (District Level Committee on Protection of Women) has also been appointed to expedite the working methods in this regard. and preventive measures against violence against women and children and other incidents against women.
The meeting will be attended by Bah PN Syiem, Chairman of the PDF. In the presence of Bah I.Marbaniang, Secretary, Bah Hedrian. Lyngdohu, who is also the MDC of Mawkyrwat Constituency and also the PDF Candidate from Mawkyrwat Constituency and other party leaders.
The winners of the 5 kilometer race were Barisha Khymdeit who won the first prize with a cash prize of 2500 tyngka while Melibad Kro won the second prize. 1500 tyngka and silver medal and in third place went to Medaroi Biam who won 1000 tyngka and bronze medal.
Those who attend the meetings must have a government passport and not a tourist passport.
Pangrak R Marak from West Garo Hills came second and third respectively.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma will meet the Planning Commission of India on the 28th of this month in Delhi to finalize the budget for the year 2013-2
Hek said that the patient is from Ri Bhoi District and was taken to Robert Hospital, but when the doctors found that he had COVID-19, he was taken to NEIGRIHMS. hospital and tested positive.
Unidentified robbers have detonated a petrol bomb at the residence of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Urban Development, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar in Nongmynsong on Friday night.
This dance is also known as the pomblang dance, in which the children of thousands go to thank the Syiem. After all the rituals, the dance of joy begins, which is known as the Nongkrem dance.
The police's charges against the leaders of the party are merely a police charge and without sufficient evidence.
Also present on the occasion were Kyrmen Shylla MLA and Minister of State, SP of East Jaintia Hills District, Doloi of Jowai District Puramon Kynjing, former MLA Justine Dkhar, MDCs of Jaintia Hills Autonomous District. Council and others are welcome.
On this occasion, 14 elderly residents, 7 households who clean the village, 7 residents who work in the children's food distribution centers were also honoured. and three ASHAs working within the village.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong expressed his surprise that Purity Phawa without the permission of Bah ST Rympei has dared to broadcast her conversation with him and how she has dared to record this conversation. I did not get permission from him to record this conversation.
Shillong, November 10: The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, will launch the 'Viksit Bharat @2047: Voice of Youth' on November 11, 2023 at 10:30 am through video conferencing.
Shillong, November 22: The United Democratic Party (UDP) of Mawkynrew District has held a Christmas celebration at Tynroit village on Monday.
Shillong, Naitung 12: The Saipung Police Station in East Jaintia Hills has been temporarily closed due to the positive case of COVID-1
Referring to the border issue with Assam, Pangniang said there is no point in the two Chief Ministers of the two states meeting if the documents are not enough. There is a meeting and the end is that we will meet again.
Shillong, Naiweing 24: The Director of DMR on Tuesday found that two books of Mineral Transport Challan and two books of Mineral Transport Challan have been lost from the office. Risa Colony, Shillong.
Fr.Majaw, while reading out the Dulir, said that the boundary of Mawiong Parish extends to Mawlaingut Parish, Mawprem Parish, Mawlai Parish and Umbir Parish.
The total number of cases has risen to 1444, highest in East Khasi Hills District with 1032 cases, followed by West Garo Hills with 174 cases and Ri Bhoi with .
On the other hand, the Syiemiong Kur has demanded that the District Council should take action on this issue and the Kur will take another path.
It is sad to see that the repair of this road is only a completion of the procedure because the repair is very slow and it has been witnessed in those parts that have been repaired only a day after the deterioration has occurred again.
According to a statement issued by the BJP spokesperson, the email ID bjpmeghalaya208 has been forged by someone and urged the media and others to report if anyone receives the email from the BJP. the ID should not be accepted.
Referring to the students of the North East, he said that out of the 2000 students of the university, more than 200 students from the North East have studied. 100 students, for the students of this area has a special allocation of food.
Speaking to reporters on arrival at Umroi Airport, he said that during the meeting, they reached an agreement on how to transport the remaining 32 lakh metric tonnes of coal to Umroi. this state.
" Modi said that the complete health care system looks at the welfare along with health.
She also called upon the day teachers in various schools in the State to take part in the protest if the Government does not pay their salaries.
Speaking to reporters at the police headquarters, he said that a member of the HNLC was arrested from his residence in Mawlynrei Khliehshnong on 2/3/2
Police of West Khasi Hills District have conducted checks across the streets to ensure that the people cannot violate the rules and regulations related to the MP elections as laid down by the ECI. Shillong, Iaiong 08: BSF troops and state police have seized 30,000 kilos of sugarcane from the Bangladesh border in South Garo Hills District.
The Skill Development Program has been conducted in collaboration with the office of Jan Shikshan Sansthan.
Police on receiving the information rushed to the scene to conduct investigation.
She said that Cyber ​​Crime in Meghalaya is not in line with other states and for this reason the Police Department has sent Police for training in this field.
Shillong, June 18: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today announced on Twitter that two persons have tested positive for COVID-19 in the state. court to 10 people.
The union demanded that MeECL should immediately install a new transformer so that the residents can escape from this problem especially at night.
Other groups who laid wreaths in memory of the freedom fighter were HANM, Shillong Socio Cultural Assamese Students' Association (SSASA). Shillong, Naitung 17: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday marked the 187th birth anniversary of Syiem Tirot Sing Syiem, the freedom fighter of the country. various civil society organizations to put themselves behind but set the goal of serving the country and the nation.
Shillong, Iaiong 23: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that six persons have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi District. I was not treated in East Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, July 27: The Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government has appointed the Governor of Assam, Banwarilal Purohit as the Interim Governor of Meghalaya.
He expressed his satisfaction that the people have given their cooperation to the organization especially those families who are facing difficulties.
Shillong, Lber 04: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) has been silent on the issue of employment in Meghalaya for many years. The discussion has been heated from time to time in the state on the 40% employment rate for the Garo and 40% for the Khasi-Jaintia.
Setting a budget of your own brings the convenience of monitoring the use of this funding.
The SP of South Garo Hills, while talking to SP News Agency, said that from the appearance of himself and the photographs with the police, the deceased was a close friend of the police. He may not be the area commander of the rebel group.
On the other hand, MLA Raphul Marak, Tura MP Conrad K Sangma, KHNAM, KSU, GSU ​​and TUR visited them. The union wants to receive a letter from the government on or before the 9th of November next month. If there is no letter, they will not send it. to continue their protest to demand as written by the Central Government in
““In 2020, the Bengali authorities killed Bah Lurshai Hynniewta in Pyntha Umdan which shocked all the Khasi people living in those areas.
At this meeting, all the members requested the Government to increase and renew the wages, to adjust the prices of materials due to the increase in prices, to release funds on time, to allow The Block to clean up and implement the roads, to improve the convergence methods and the need to restructure the deployment methods from various departments to the Block which is a burden on the Block. work in the Block.
Shillong, Naitung 01: The Dorbar Shnong Mawnai Pyllun today held an award ceremony for the students of Jidor Sing Secondary School Mawnai. Those who have passed well in the Examination "Class X and Class XII" are the students of this school from Mawnai Village and those who are studying in other colleges of this village.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: The Shillong Chamber Choir (SCC) has performed with Hindi film star Amitabh Bachchan at the Global Citizen India Festival 2016 held in Mumbai.
As a group, they have no doubt and hope to meet and get the demand of the people to implement the ILP in Meghalaya as demanded by the people.
The union urges and demands that the state's share of fuel should be reduced and if there is a need to fill the government's needs, the salaries of MLAs, ministers and leaders should be reduced. must pay out of pocket if traveling out of state.
In connection with this incident, Police from Sohra and Shella and also Police from Shillong have rushed to Ichamati village, a village on the border with Bangladesh to strengthen security and maintain peace and order.
Police suspect that these Bangladeshis have taken Bah Ricky to Bangladesh because there is no ksainar shiah in the area. Police have worked with the BSF to arrest him. release Bah Marwein from the hands of the authorities.
They said that they want to see that the government should send vehicles to pick up the machines that have arrived in Guwahati to deliver them to this place, but they said that the road is very bad. poi sha this place does not have this incident.
The Prime Minister spoke on the special day of Basant Panchami and congratulated ICRISAT on its 50th anniversary.
The name of the road was inaugurated by the Prime Minister of India today. The names of the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma, PWD Minister Martin M Danggo, u Shillong MP Vincent H Pala and Rajya Sabha MP Wansuk Syiem were not present at the opening ceremony.
Pakistani YouTube channels have been found to have published rumors about India related to the country's armed forces, Jammu & Kashmir, and the people of the country in connection with the situation in Ukraine, and other other.
All of them have reached their homes safely with the assistance of police from Ri Bhoi and East Khasi Hills.
It is true that there are only three prominent candidates for the MDC election from Mawhati Constituency, Bah RB Shadap, Bah Otrill Pamshong. Bah James Sylliang who has been working in every place or village except for a few villages but those who are strong have a spirit for Bah Sylliang.
He said that even in the past, agriculture and farmers have been the most important part of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, and because of this, they have taken many steps for the betterment of the country. the lives of the farmers and even now.
Shillong, April 12: The Indian Communications Corporation Ltd.
Shillong, Naitung 23: Three organizations including the Hynniewtrep Border Dispute Redressal Forum (HBDRF), the Hynniewtrep Women Welfare and Development Organization (HWWDO) and the Khun Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) today left for the The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, has sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, to inform that the people of Block-I from Lapang Nangphyllut and Pangam Raliang have been transferred from West Karbi Anglong Assam to West Jaintia Hills. Hills District in Meghalaya.
The aim is to raise awareness on this among those who are involved in this field and those who have the opportunity to enter this field.
At this meeting, the PDF leaders said that the increase in light bill is happening in the state as a whole and urged the Chief Minister that the government should address this problem. “It's a good idea,” said Bah Banteidor.
Shillong, July 15: The JSU has given 24 hours to the Deputy Commissioner's Office to submit a written explanation on the environmental clearance of Star Cement from Delhi without a public hearing and many opponents.
Shillong, Naitung 03: A father has raped his daughter at Lumphira in Nongmynsong on the night of the 2nd of this month.
What is important now is that according to the ejahar filed by the police, an arrest warrant should be issued against the people involved in the shooting.
For training and assistance in the preparation of ASI return through the ASI web portal by factories under ASI 201-2
At this public meeting, he also announced that he has left the NPP from today because the party does not work for the sake of the nation.
Other officers who attended the function were Dr B Rijal, Director, AH and Veterinary Department, Bah BK Sohliya, OSD, Meghalaya Institute of Entrepreneurship, Dr KK Kharmihpen, Jt.
Krishna Chhetri, father of Sidharth, said that his son had gone swimming with three or four friends in the Umkaliar River but due to heavy rainfall, the flood came suddenly and covered him. he went with a friend.
Mawshun was transported to East Pakistan which is now Bangladesh through the rivers flowing from Khasi-Jaintia and Garo Hills to Bangladesh by ships each ship could carry about 1 tonne.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District said that to stop the shops, they had to use lathi charge at several shops to force them to close.
At the same time, he said that in fact it is the District Administration that maintains peace and order in the state and these riots are due to the inability of the authorities to manage.
Shillong, July 23: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will start on Thursday and end on Monday. bill in the House.
Shillong, Nailar 13: After it appeared in the media in the past few days that about 36 households have not received ration from a rice vendor who has just planted and does not distribute rice. In Kongthong, the authorities in charge of the ration from the office of the SDO Civil of Sohra today visited Kongthong village to distribute the ration to these families.
The market, which has been built specifically for those jhur vendors in the square to go to the new market, has been a source of concern for the residents of the area for many months.
He also welcomed the former MDC son of the former Chief Minister SC Marak who came to join the NPP party and his supporters. join the party.
Police said that Uphas Uddin, 37, was injured in a shooting incident in Pyrkan village this morning and was taken to Khamati CHC. The doctor announced that he was dead.
Police have thanked the village officials who provided assistance and also Star Cement and Dalmia Cement who provided ambulances.
While the volunteer of the Home Guard was driving a vehicle, a Bolero did not stop and was stopped at Mawblei. number MN02B-1921.
The project initially covers 40 Himas/Elaka including Mawphlang, Lyngiong, Sohra, Mylliem, Nongspung, Nongkhlaw, Nonglwai, Pamsanngut, Mawbeh and Laitkroh. Umiam Sub-Watershed, Mawphlang Hima.
Without mentioning names, it was informed that in the past many government departments were still in operation and many government departments now have their own offices and in the transfer of files from time to time files are lost or from the The reason for the fire is that the office and documents have been destroyed.
If the police can stop them from staying at the Additional Secretariat, why can't they stop them at Motphran?
U Bah Comingone Ymbon, Minister of State, has praised the doctors and nurses who have provided this service to the people of the village. MLA of this constituency, Bah HS Kharpran.
Regarding the letter from the MHA, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, has proposed to hold a special meeting with HDR Lyngdoh, Minister of District Council Affairs, to discuss how to improve the situation. answer to the Government of India on matters relating to the Chief Executive Members.
Nongpoh, Naitung 20: The Assam government today forced the Meghalaya government to send its police to demolish the SSA school building in Sabuda village which is being newly constructed by the Meghalaya government.
New Delhi, Jymng 17: The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) of the Union Government has decided that the ration for the year 2013-2014 will continue to be distributed as allocated.
There will also be a competition to win the biggest sohphan in the world.
Services has won another seven finals.
There are rules and regulations for the evacuation of people. The Urban Development Department will prepare all these rules and bring them back to the Cabinet. I will fight against it if I have, this is a problem that has been going on for many years and for this reason.
The CEM of KHADC said that the names that have already been sent to the Governor for his approval are Grace Mary Kharpuri as Dy CEM, Macdalyn Sawkmie Mawlong, Lamphrang. Blah, Mr. Mitchell Wankhar, Mr. Ronnie V Lyngdoh.
Police of West Khasi Hills District have registered an ejahar at Nongstoin Police Station to track down others involved in the drug trafficking. No.95(12)2021 U/S 22 (C), 23 (C) / 25 of NDPS Act.
The heroin weighing 326 grams was packed in 13 secret boxes . Police have decided to fight against drug traffickers in the state very big.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Kennedy Khyriem, Parliamentary Secretary, Robinus Syngkon, MLA, Mowkaiaw, Bah Hopeful Bamon, MLA, Sutnga-Saipung, Commissioner & Secretary, Home (Police), EP Kharbih, DIG, Meghalaya, Dr SB Singh, Chief Executive Member, Thombor Shiwat, Wahehshnong, Nartiang and Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills, R Muthu.
The election of Bah Ming was smooth without any contest against him, and he was allowed to contest the election in the coming years after the end of the term. the spirit of the shah.
Shillong, July 08: The State Bank of India (SBA) has not yet approved the construction of houses under the Regulation and Administration Land Act 2021 due to a government notification in The Indian Registration Act, 1908 is an Act of the Central Government under Section 1 A. Regarding the Act of KHADC, almost all the Nationalist Banks within the jurisdiction of KHADC have accepted this Act. The Khasi Hills Autonomous District (Regulation and Administration Land) Act 2021 has now started to build houses.
Shillong, Nailur 24: Five cases of COVID-1 have been confirmed in Shillong, four cases in West Garo Hills and one case in West Garo Hills. there are 55 of them.
The meeting was conducted by Babu Kular Khongjirem and welcome speech was delivered by the President of Shillong Press Club, Bah David Laitphlang. You are the Editor of SP News Agency.
The appointment of teachers will be in accordance with the rules of the UGC and the payment of salaries will not be paid by the government, while the college will not be run by the Managing Committee.
Jowai, Nailar 16: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) Nongjngi Khliehshnong Unit has decided to hold the 6th JSU Nongjngi Unit Invitation Knock once again as a way to promote football in the area. JSU Football Tournament this year will start on the last day of this month at Thlusung Stadium.
Many of the residents who turned up at the Rangbah Shnong's house today, demanded that the Dorbar Shnong should take a strong decision against the FKJGP. It should use its empowered powers by completely ending the presence of this party in the Mawsynram area.
KSU General Secretary Donald V. Thabah in an interview with the media on Tuesday said, “There is no responsibility of the people in power to run the Khaddar administration but if we look at other communities if it is relevant and community issues come to the fore.
The Chief Minister said that as it appears that the number of cases in the state is decreasing with the passing of the days, it is necessary for the people to be vigilant to ensure that the disease does not spread. to spread.
The number of cases in the state has risen to 898. The number of cases by district is 1, East Garo Hills 7, East Khasi Hills 711, North Garo Hills 2, Ri Bhoi South Garo Hills 2,  South West Khasi Hills 9, West Garo Hills 81, West Jaintia Hills 15, West Khasi Hills 11 cases.
Also present on the occasion were the MDC of this area Bah EL Nongrang, Bah R Thangkhiew as the founder, principal u Bah T Rani and many other elders of the area.
The arrest of these two persons was made after they burnt down a house inside the restaurant. Police recovered 10 billion rupees of alcohol from them.
Their arrival in Tyrchang was to encourage traditional cooking and at the same time to share the traditional cooking of the Thais and Pnars.
A team of the Crime Scene Unit rushed to the scene for further investigation.
The demand for the IOA has been expressed not only by the HNLC but also by many other groups such as the Federation of Khasi State (FKS), the HyTO, the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HYC). , SOMALA, The Manifesto of the RPA for the MP-2004 election has also been released.
This is according to a statement sent by Bah RL Kharpran.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, he said that the purpose of this meeting was to discuss the issues of the jaidbynriew through the kur. They didn't have any voices to come to this day.
The Chief Minister said that the government has spent a lot of money to improve sports grounds like the JN Stadium in Shillong and the PA Sangma Stadium in Tura. better sports facilities to enable them to participate in international competitions.
The Minister also praised the initiatives taken by the government to open up the opportunity for the youth to sit for the recruitment examinations in the indigenous languages.
In this regard, for the development and benefit of the district as a whole, the JSU expresses its strong opposition to the government's plan to dismiss the current DC who has been in the district for only a few months. .
He said that in the MDA government, when they fight for something, they fight together as a group. That is why the previous government of Dr Mukul Sangma was a JCB government and this MDA government is now a Dumper government. On the CAB, Conrad said the Congress party is against the CAB. However, it is the Congress MP from Assam who has written a letter to support the CAB. As ethnic parties we cannot stand alone but as North East the entire central government has to. Referring to the North East, he said that the governments in Delhi have said Look East and another has said Act East, but all of them have not succeeded. “It is true that as the people of North East, we have to look after ourselves,” said Conrad K Sangma.
He said that in Arunachal Pradesh it is difficult to understand the language from one village to another and from one district to another.
Speaking on the operation of EVMs, Kharkongor said the commission has set targets for a smooth and orderly election and is ready to accept and implement modern technologies to strengthen and improve the election process.
Shillong, July 26: The Mairang Youth Wing (Mairang) has expressed its appreciation to Sylviana Lyngdoh Mawlong for winning the Best Actor Award for her role in the film 'Dak Bangla' The Northeast Cinema Award 2017 was held at Kokrajhar, Assam.
Shillong, March 25: Leaders of Upper Shillong under the Union of Village Authorities (SKNS), today met with the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah RV Lyngdoh to seek clarification on the border crossing. of MUDA outside of Shillong Municipal Board.
After her swearing-in ceremony, two more judges, TMK Singh and SR Sen.
Easman Lyngdoh, Chairman of the Civil Sub Division Demand Committee, said that the people of the area have been demanding for a Civil Sub Division for a long time. This is the Ri Bhoi District which is far away from Nongpoh.
It is exactly as it says, “The strong is burned, the weak is eaten.
Speaking at the first day of the MENA Climate Week in Riyadh today, the Minister of State for Home Affairs (GST) said: Ministry of Energy and Renewable Energy said that MENA Climate Week is essential in finding and sharing opportunities to build the future of energy generation, consumption and sustainability around the world. world.
Initially, the Prime Minister said that the budget of the MDA government in the first year has set special targets for education, health, roads. to rural, Agriculture, and food production sectors.
Shillong, March 13: The President of the FKJGP, Bah Joe Marwein, in a statement released today, said that the government's arrest of leaders is like setting fire to a place where will find ways on how to play.
The statement said that the union will seek information through RTI on many of the land of the Forest Department and if found that there is misuse of the land by any private individuals the union will not hesitate to take them. The strongest decision was taken by the protesters and even by the High Court.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: Today, the world is celebrating the World Day against the use of tobacco. Meghalaya has joined hands to fight against the use of tobacco. he smokes.
If we talk specifically about the STs, the quota that includes the Jaidbynriew in terms of employment, the quota in education, the quota in the election of leaders to Parliament and so on. 3/4 of the 100% goes to the Hynniewtrep people without being allowed to share the same opportunities as other people in India.
On this occasion, Kong Ripnar Lyngdoh, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District I, was also honored for her hard work for the betterment of the district.
Replying to a question, u Bah Charles said that what can the government expect when the Deputy Superintendent is shot dead? in the media it is an irresponsible statement.
The implementation of the Smart Cities Mission is the beginning of a new era in urban development as a step towards transformation, encouragement of income generation, Government service delivery according to the modern, clean and harmonious environment.
Regarding the loss of the Shillong Bypass and the Shillong-Guwahati Highway, he said that this is under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Transport of the Union Government under the supervision of NAHAI. She said that they will start repairing the loss of these roads and it is not under the jurisdiction of the PWD of the state government.
The example of Mawlynnong should be followed by other villages.
However, for the reasons that the HNLC has set some conditions, the peace talks have not been reached, as the central government wants to talk peace with the rebel groups. The BJP in Meghalaya and the MDA government want peace talks with the HNLC to bring peace especially in Shillong.
Regarding the central government in Delhi, the Congress party will be vigilant to ensure that the democracy will not be played with. The Congress party will not allow it to do so.
The meeting was accompanied by AICC President DD Lapang, Prestone Tynsong, HDR Lyngdoh, Vincent Pala MP and AICC Secretary Sanjay Bapna.
Regarding the confusion regarding the MTET Exam which will be held on 1st November 2023, the Minister in charge said that the correct answers will be the same as the answer key. it shall not be touched, neither shall it be touched.
He said there is no need for strong laws and the Government is still in the midst of thorough discussions to discuss the amendment of the Sixth Scheduled.
These glasses have a beautiful appearance and different colors include turquoise, bright red, pretty pink, party purple, fluorescent green and other colors. white, black, dark blue and brown, in which these devices also help the people to make it easier for them to wear at the time even when working or sitting.
John Lyngdoh, Assistant Organizing Secretary, said.
We the indigenous people know very well that the Congress has not sought to improve or reconcile relations in the region.
South Garo Hills 3185 cases, West Garo Hills 7562 cases, West Khasi Hills 9475 cases, North Garo Hills 7546 cases, East Jiantia Hills 11350 cases, South West Khasi Hills 4640 cases and South West Garo Hills 2061 cases.
“I am contesting this election as a Congress candidate, and the people of Nongkrem will look at the party and look at the person and this is the opportunity for him to contest this election. to serve the people of the constituency.
Who can change the light?  Have they just made the Sengbhalang leaders angry with the suspicion that it is Sanbor Pala? If they arrest Sanbor Pala shisha, we will have the right to tell his true appearance.
The candidates will go to their homes.
Stay where you are, stay safe.
Every year, the WHO recognizes individuals and groups who can make a difference in society by reducing tobacco use.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Vincent Laloo, one of the supervisors, said that the Solicom Valley Park Resort has been built on a 4 acre plot of land belonging to the Laloo clan.
They also demanded that the Prime Minister should set up a Community College in Ranikor.
The Constitution of India gives all citizens the right to worship according to their freedom without interference or interference from any government authority and all religions in the country should be respected. India.
Compared to the allocation of funds by the Central Government to Meghalaya in the past five years, that is, in 2011-2012 during the Congress government, the allocation of the state has been 1076.69 crore but the state has received T.1044.19 crore and the shortfall is T.32.5 crore.
Silent Sutnga, Rangbah Shnong of Umkiang, said, “The NH 44 especially from Sonapur to Malidor will be closed for a few days.
The villages of Tarabari, Wapara, Salbari, Gizang Reserved Forest, Rangseng, Gohanimara, Amagoan and Malangjoypur have held a meeting today to discuss the issue. This is the border demarcation between Meghalaya and Assam.
Mizoram Tourism firmly believes that responsible tourism can bring about income growth, environmental protection and social development.
He said that there has been misleading the people on religion and other issues in the fight against the NPP. He said that through the blessings of God, he hopes that the NPP will reach the goal of winning the current MP election.
Speaking as the chief guest at the opening ceremony of the Nongthymmai Dorbar Hall which he received under the SCA scheme for the year 2015-2016 when he was an MDC of Mawsynram Constituency, he said that as an MDC in During this time he established many dorbar halls in different villages of the constituency.
However, we have tried to take steps to deal immediately with problems before and as they arise.
New Delhi 13: The Prime Minister of India, Dr Manmohan Singh, has sent his condolences on the passing away of one of India's leading actors, Pran Krishan Sikand. The Prime Minister of India, Pran U, has said that the actor has killed the people of this great country with his performances.
Today, there was also a clash between the police and suspected GNLA militants at about 4.30 pm and no casualties were reported from either side, but from the area. Baghmara Police on Saturday arrested GNLA member Teleson G Momin for allegedly stealing documents belonging to the HNLA. He was arrested 10 times as a Taliban and as a Bonipa from a hideout in Kolapara on the border with Bangladesh. Bangladesh and Bangladesh are India.
Rev. Barnes Mawrie, Parish Priest of Mawpdang, Rev. Laurence Nongkseh, Parish Priest of Pynthorumkhrah Parish, Provincial Priest of Shillong Province were also present.
The two Ministers discussed the celebration of Maitri Diwas on November 6 where the implementation will be strengthened.
The delegation led by Chairman NK Singh, with members including Shaktikanta Das, Dr Anoop Singh, Dr Ashok Lahiri, Dr Ramesh Chand and Secretary Arvind Mehta along with other senior officials will meet. information on the financial situation in Assam, socio-economic problems and to explain the efforts of the state government to address these problems.
“Even the Congress leaders have been very angry with the people and I have the hope and confidence that the people will give their confidence to the UDP to lead the government in 2018,” said Commander Shangpliang. .
All items purchased from Titan come with a 1 year warranty.
All depositors within the bank are requested to attend the meeting to get information where RBI officials will come to explain to the public.
The Lunar River from the west and the Lukha River from the east differ greatly in cleanliness.
Nepal Police Spokesperson Deputy Inspector General Kuber Kadayat said the MP from Morang-3 constituency was arrested for presenting forged documents.
Therefore, they demanded that the Management should take immediate action to recognize the employees as full time employees as many of the employees have worked for many years and the age of job seeking has expired.
The Council's sudden order has angered the Dorbar Shnongs and Seng Bhalangs as this has never happened before in the history of Jaintia Hills.
The income level in the region will improve with the availability of good roads,” said Rajnath Singh.
The government has also taken excessive steps in the demarcation of the border, according to a statement issued by Sainkupar Nongtraw Publicity Secretary of the HNLC. (SP News).
He said the state hopes to receive more support from the Central Government.
The President of the KSU expressed his satisfaction that the state has had the opportunity to join hands in showing mercy especially in this village where most of the farmers are farmers and therefore they are the ones who have suffered. There is a lack of market to sell agricultural products.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, in his speech, expressed his deep sorrow over the passing away of Mawphlang MLA Syntar Klas Sunn while the House was in session.
On the part of Bah Thomas Passah, he congratulated the entire unit for their hard work to solve the problems of the Shnong and the brothers and sisters of the area without the spirit of Len Lade, the spirit of compassion. and a spirit of responsibility.
However, the recent incident was due to the fact that MeECL did not give prior notice to warn the tourists and the residents before releasing the water.
Regarding this decision, the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District has already informed the public that no markets will be allowed to open in Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, March 17: The MPCC President Vincent H Pala today said that Knasing Lynshiang has met him to inform him that he will leave the Congress party and join the NPP. “I don't know how much the NPP has proposed because kynsing Lynshiang will leave the Congress party, but he has contested from the Congress party and he has a goal to win, but now I don't know what will happen. happen because the supporters of the party will still meet him".
During a thorough investigation to track down the hideouts of the members of the group, police also seized necessary items including mobile phones and other documents.
At the same time, the WJSU has sent a letter to the Executive Engineer of MePDCL, Jowai to expedite the installation of the electrical wires from Lad Darrang to Dawki PHC along the National Highway.
To ensure that these people use these houses properly built by Father Jose and the village have agreed that these owners cannot sell the land or the house but to hand it back to Father Jose, if they don't want to stay anymore, they can give their inheritance to others who need it.
“After the discussion, we have come to the conclusion that the textbooks used in the MBOSE especially in the subjects of Science, English and Mathematics, the textbooks are not of the same standard as other schools outside the state. to complement the textbooks, we accepted this," he said.
“We have informed the DC that she agrees to enforce Section 144 CrPC at the Polo polling station but she does not agree to enforce the order in the entire district,” he said.
All the guest houses named by the victim whether government or private should be closed immediately and the NOC issued to them should be cancelled.
The complaint of the ejahar is that the perpetrator should be punished according to the rules of law. The complaint was signed by SPC President David Laitflang and General Secretary Powell Sohkhlet.
A book entitled 'Paradigms of Conflicts in the Work of HW Sten' written by Dr. Rev. Fr. Ioannis Warpakma was also launched at the meeting. the Chief Guest on this occasion in the presence of other invitees.
In the 30-member House, the NPP won the no-confidence motion with the nomination of Lamphang to the ruling party.
The Mizoram Government invites everyone to attend the festival and see the beauty of Mizoram.
Skhemlang, on the other hand, won the title after he completed the 800M race faster than Skhemlang. He finished in 1:54.7 sec, which was enough for him to score 897 points, while the Glorify Kurbah won the title after winning the title. She finished the 800m race in 2:21.5 sec and scored 809 points.
In his speech, the Prime Minister praised the organization for taking the lead in preserving the environment.
: A few days after the Border Security Force (BSF) troops shot and threw batons at East Jaintia Hills, on Thursday, members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) KSU East Jaintia Hills District Unit together with the Waheh Shnongs have turned to the BSF camp at Sonapur.
The total number of recoveries so far is 581, 42910 samples have been taken, 41425 have tested negative and 257 results are pending. 27767 people have returned so far.
Shillong, Naitung 08: The Chairman of the State Government Program Implementation and Monitoring Committee (SGPIMC) Salseng A Sangma today handed over a report to the Chief Minister. of government to schemes within the state.
Other speakers on the occasion were Dr DRL Nonglait, KSU Ribokstar Diengdoh, Sordar Saitsohpen Bah Samuel Kharmalki, Rangkur of Kur Tham and several KSU youths including Mesadap Skhembill. Vicky Mawnai welcomed the guests and congratulated all those who took part in the event.
etc.U Bah Augustar Jyrwa General Secretary KSU Seng Kmie, while explaining the impact of the NPR, as opening the door for the authorities to get registered as citizens of the country and the state. The Chief Minister said that 26426 people have been registered in the country within 40 years from 2006 – 2015 and Aadhaar has been linked to the NPR. NPR in fact should not link NPR with Aadhaar because it will affect the population of the state where we as a nation are low paid. of humanity in which we shall all become equal, there shall be no more individuality.
The dismissal of officers is not only an injustice and insult to them but to the state as a whole and therefore, it is the duty of every citizen to join in the struggle and to overthrow this Government. ,” said VPP Spokesperson Dr. Batskhem Myrboh.
Today, a meeting was held between the State Government and the Director of NEIGRIHMS to cooperate to curb the spread of COVID-19 and NEIGRIHMS is trying to increase the number of tests from I'm now the Director.
As a sign of appreciation to the Government for its good implementation of the demands, the Seng has paid tribute to the Prime Minister, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah and the Seng leaders who have worked hard physically and spiritually to run the organize the good works of the organization.
U Bah Tynsiar said that when will this disease of this struggle and desire for honor end? He asked why this incident happened within the party which is in struggle, whether the party was born or not. Should we fight against ourselves or against the forces of destruction and foreigners?
The party feels that what has happened in the past six months from November 2021 to June 2022 is now the time to reveal the truth.
The request to expedite should not affect the work.
The speakers explained the 14 demands of the party especially the ILP and strongly condemned the government of Mukul Sangma and Bah Rowell Lyngdoh.
Shillong, November 27: Meghalaya Police on 26.12.2016 received a tip from Sultanpur Police in Uttar Pradesh that a 7-year-old boy has been abducted and subdued. in Shillong.
In November 1872, the British sent troops to the Garo Hills.
Shillong, March 17: U Sr.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HYM) on Tuesday held a sudden protest at the Hima Mylliem headquarters in Mawkhar. surprise the ministers who sit in the office.
On this occasion, the DC agreed to suspend the project and to seek more details on the matter from the government. Public Premises and the party will continue to monitor this.
The government announces every day how many people have tested positive for covid and how many people have recovered. Those who have been declared cured by the government are those who tested negative in the second test report. If they are not infected with Covid, how can the government say that they have recovered?
They also demanded that the government should amend the Schedule Tribe Order 1950 to prevent other tribes from becoming tribals in Meghalaya as Nagaland has done. The Supreme Court has also decided in 2018 that the state will not have anything to do.
“Sports are something which teaches lessons in the different aspects of life, what you learn on the track or on the field will be wonderful lessons in your life", she said.
The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills on Tuesday issued an order under Section 144 CrPC directing the Government to respond. all shops, grocery stores, restaurants and grocery stores can only open until 10 pm.
The Working President of the HNYM, said that the Roster System should not be implemented at the District Level because the Reservation Policy does not contain any articles or paragraphs to say that it has been allocated, but those who can fill it. The jobs are for those who live only in this District.
Shilpi Sheoran, who won a gold medal at the 2011 Commonwealth Games, has been appointed as an assistant wrestling coach. She has joined as a boxing coach in 10 international tournaments.
Therefore, the party invites all the residents of Jaintia Hills East and West to attend this public meeting for the sake of the entire region. They have been demanding from the government to repair the NH 44 road from Mookyndur to Malidor.
Two members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) South Khasi Hills Unit have been arrested by the police on suspicion of involvement in the murder of two foreigners in Ichamati village. 27th of the month.
He said that the traders want to clarify only with the farmers whether to cut or not to cut kilos of the products and this issue will be discussed by the traders and farmers but not by the farmers. chair.
The documentary has been screened in various parts of India such as Delhi, Mumbai as well as universities in Europe, South America and Australia.
The meeting also discussed the tortious work of the NHAI on the road which has caused problems to the traffic.
T.4380 Indian currency and mobile phones were seized from them.
At the same time, many of the workers have fled from Tura to different places after the incident.
Shillong, Nailur 18: BSF troops at Sonapur Bridge in East Jaintia Hills District today seized 97 cows from three trucks smuggled to Bangladesh.
Before 2019, the problem of water supply in rural areas was complicated.
On the other hand, the HYC leaders have sent back those workers who do not have Labor License to their place of origin. Shillong, Naitung 08: Shaiñstar Kharpan, President Umniam Circle, Shillong, Naitung 08: This morning, a house of PHE employees was arrested. The fire broke out at Demthring at about 9 pm and it is suspected that the fire was caused by a light.
Shillong, Nailar 14: The Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan (NYKS) today held its Freedom Run.
Wanlamsuk dived forwards to meet a cross and the header beat Siwel, hit the crossbar and came down.
The National ODOP Awards were inaugurated by Dr.S Jaishankar, Minister of State for Home Affairs. On receiving this award, the Chief Minister in his speech said that this will encourage the farmers and those who work to earn money from crafts that produce unique designs.
On the other hand, Ms Badariti Lyngdoh Nonglait expressed her surprise to learn of this.
While the virgins who took part in the Ainguh dance wore the Pangsngiat which was accompanied by the Lasubon which was like a flower, the paila on their necks and the silver coffin chain, the sai khyllong and the kpieng. others.
The Ministry of Education has to look after the welfare of all the students and is confident that the students will be able to prepare themselves and pass this examination, said the Minister of Education. Bah Lawrence Rymbui.
: means the foundation that has fallen and spread around.
Modi said the allocation for MSMEs has been doubled to increase employment opportunities.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Chief Executive Member (CEM) of JHADC, Bah Andrew Shullai, said that the JKHADC has received the letter of allotment (LoA) and now they are preparing to make the salary of the JHADC. employees for May which they will receive in November.
Rowell has filed his nomination papers for the Mawkyrwat (ST) Assembly Constituency from the National People's Party (NPP). Salseng C Marak, 77, of Resubelpara (ST) Assembly Constituency, Lestone Wanswet, 76, of PDF, Shella (ST) Assembly Constituency and Sujit Sangma, 76, of Rongjeng (ST) Assembly Constituency. registered as an Independent.
Shillong, July 26: The 68th Republic Day of India was celebrated at Raj Bhavan Shillong in the presence of Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma, government officials, army chiefs and senior officials. Shillong MP Vincent H Pala.
Shillong, July 14: The Fire Department today received a tip from Mawngap Fire Service Station that there has been a fire in a house and police have rushed to extinguish the fire.
This year, the KSU in Delhi has met with MP Vincent Pala, Rajya Sabha MP nominee Rakesh Sinha, Union Minister of Sports Kiren Rijiju and Union Minister of Agriculture Narendra Modi. Lion Yours.
The achievement of Khasi youth in dance competitions and dance teaching is due to their talent.
Shillong, November 13: Answering a question by Bah Paul Lyngdoh, the Minister in charge of Lands, Bah RC Laloo, said that the total area of ​​land owned by the Army in Shillong is 2096.12 acres.
He said that the Seng has also demanded that the government should set up Central University Entrance Test centers in all districts of the state and that the government should also provide financial support to the colleges. for the implementation of the National Education Policy
In the complaint, the child said that the wife of the man had kept her in their house and threatened her if she told anyone about the incident. She was raped in 2016 and after she became poor, she was raped by the wife of the perpetrator.
During his visit to Mairang, the Chief Minister also inaugurated the Computer Lab of Mairang Presbyterian Science College at a cost of T.6.77 lakh. thank you for using it well.
The NPP said this violated the Model Code of Conduct.
All the officers involved in the election were present at the meeting, which was conducted by Kong Matsiewdor, in the presence of Bah F Kharshiing IPS DIG of the Police Intelligence Department, Superintendent Claudia Lyngwa, Himanshu Kumar Rai, IAS, General Observer, Rishabh Gupta, IRS, Expenditure Observer and L. Kynjing, MCS, Sub-Divisional Officer in charge of Elections within the to, Sohra Civil Sub-Division.
The Chairman, the Dorbar, informed the students and research scholars that the Chief Executive Members of the Khasi States, despite the pressure, have not been able to sign the Instrument of Merger. They did not accept the large amount of money proposed to be paid every year, called 'Privy Purse' or Pensions, which was paid to all the more than 5000 people. The Maharaja's of India, according to the size and income of their Hima, almost all these Maharajahs accepted this payment and signed the Instrument of, in which the the name, rank and title of their kingdom, and all the land within their kingdom became Revenue Land.
Shillong Lajong have scored their first goal against TRAU FC in the North East Derby I-League.
Shillong, November 18: A group of civil society organizations under the banner of COMSO today met with the Congress party at the MLA Hostel to seek their support in this special session to accept the government's decision to implement the ILP in the state.
The decision was taken by the Commission comprising Chief Election Commissioner Rajiv Kumar, Election Commissioners Gyanesh Kumar and Dr Sukhbir Singh Sandhu after receiving complaints from the Commission alleging that they have seen hoardings. Municipal authorities, hordes that do not provide printers or publishers.
Although the Deputy Chief Minister did not comment on the JICA's proposal, he acknowledged that the implementation of many of the schemes has not yet started and will soon start.
In his resignation letter, he congratulated all the members of the party from the MPCC leaders, the DCC leaders of South West Khasi Hills District and also the AICC members who have given their support. blessings to him during his tenure in the Congress party, all these will remain in memory.
K Khongjirem , one of the office bearers of the party , said that the protest is in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution of the country to demand their rights , but it seems that the government has not taken it The teachers have respected this strike and if it is in this way it will be a force to them to close down the strike.
Shillong, March 28: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) today called for a meeting with the contractor and manager of the company to discuss the delay in repairing the road from Jingking Dam to KHADC. The HNYF said that the company is owned by Raju Basamasutari and its manager has been appointed by Brightstarwell Marbaniang.
On this occasion, the Nongkrem Niam Shad of the Hima Khyriem was held with the participation of the two sons of the Hima Khyriem who danced together with other young women and young men to complete the dance. religion.
In terms of policy and education, it should be based on this area.
In the evening, the KSU burnt down the tyngshop of the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi and Amit Shah to protest against the central government's passage of the CAB, 2019 Lok. Sabha today.
The distance is 1 mile or 1.6 km.
The HSPDP has accepted the alliance to strengthen the government from 29 MLAs to 33 MLAs as the Independents cannot be trusted.
During the meeting, there was also a discussion to resolve all the complaints against the leaders of the party, but the government has not given a clear promise in this regard but said that the government will I'm going to look at what you don't have.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, said that although many works have been done in the field of education, health and agriculture in the past years, done, but much remains to be done.
Shillong, Nailur 18: The BJP Meghalaya State Unit today said that the BJP National President Amit Shah has postponed his visit to Shillong from the 28th of this month. to the 7th of April of next month.
The heavy rainfall has also flooded the Kupli River until it has covered all the shops and grocery stores of the Khasi who sell their goods along the banks of the River.
Police also seized several weapons such as rifles and other weapons.
In the letter, Bah Hek demanded the appointment of a committee to investigate the awarding of contracts for the construction of the Legislative Assembly, which has led to the failure of the Legislative Assembly during the construction of the Legislative Assembly. council.
Total 151 employees of SMB and SCB have rendered outstanding service to the residents of the village to bring about cleanliness in the villages for the sake of cleanliness. goodness and goodness.
Meanwhile, at the MGCC office in Bishanapur Laban, a petrol explosion occurred at the door of the iit and fell to the ground. There was no damage except for the paid of the iit. outside to see what was going on.
What we should not do is that we should not go to any Court of Law for this issue, whether on behalf of anyone, whether on behalf of KHADC, JHADC or GHADC, or MUDA, or the State Government, or the Seng Bhalang, or even the private sector in the name of PIL, we want the will of the people to stand and so on without The illegal Building Bye Law of MUDA has been forcibly implemented. The best thing is that this should not be discussed now in the Legislative Assembly. and decided to stand by Section 1 (2) and the Proviso of Sub-section (2) of the Act, 1973 without being affected or shaken by these two provisions. Notification (12.1.1989 and 14.3.1990) is illegal, that is, that the Autonomous Districts are Excluded from the operation of the Act, 1973 as written.
In a democracy, the media is essential because it is through them that the people get information about what is happening in the state and especially what the government is doing for them. public.
Nongstoin, Naitung 15: FKJGP Rambrai Circle together with FKJGP Mawlieh Area Unit on Tuesday visited the Nongstoin-Rambrai road. Rambrai is very snowy.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The All NEHU Casual Workers Union (NEHU) has staged a protest in front of the gate of the North Eastern Hills University. carrying placards with the slogans demanding from the government to recognize them as full time employees of the school.
The union demands that those involved should be punished according to the law and wants the Governor of the state to take action.
When this way of thinking was applied, people began to lose even though they temporarily felt they were gaining.
Prime Minister Duh said that after years of slavery, after we have lost some, India has continued its journey and has reached Amrit Kaal.
On the other hand, the FKJGP Central Body is deeply disappointed to see the negligence and negligence of the State Government on the problems faced by the teachers from time to time until it has reached the point where these Paia Khnong (Teachers) have to take to the streets and hold various protests to demand their rights.
Shillong, Naitung 16: Nongstoin town has been affected by drug trafficking in which more than 700 youths between the ages of 17 to 25 years have become addicted to drugs.
The meeting was attended by MLAs from both the parties, MDCs and party leaders and the meeting was chaired by the presidents of the two parties and agreed to work together as the RDA. The meeting also expressed its gratitude to the government for accepting the proposal of these two parties at the meeting on the 29th that the government should discuss the Reservation Policy, which has opened the way for The committee will recommend to the government to appoint a committee to review the employment policy.
The public is urged to be vigilant and not to act aggressively when there is any flooding in the rivers.
According to the customs and traditions of the Khasi Village Administration, the NOC from the Rangbah Shnong should be submitted to the Executive Dorbar of the Syiem and then to the KHADC for further consideration.
In a statement, the HNLC said it has confidence in the UN and if the UN can fight in Syria, East Timor, South Sudan, Kosovo, why can't it fight in this country? same.
Guwahati; Lber 4: Three winners of the Sunsilk Serum Mega Miss North East 2024 were held at the ITA Cultural Complex in Machkhowa on Saturday evening. Dipti Basumatary from Assam, Monica Konjengbam from Manipur and Ridamaya Passah from Meghalaya.
Speaking on the occasion, the RBI Head in Shillong also spoke on the occasion.
On the other hand, Deborah said that she cannot blame anyone for the incident, but as of now, no one has been arrested in connection with the incident.
On the other hand, the KSU has suggested to the government to select those who are eligible for the examination, based on the written test on the ability of the candidate to contest the examination, and we have already informed. The government should not conduct interviews in front of video cameras without any discrimination.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya said that he is surprised that there have been rumors that Minister Blah has joined the NPP party.
The program was held at the hall of Moopynieiñ LP School in the presence of the Waheh Shnong of Wapungskur, other office bearers of the Dorbar Shnong Wapungskur. the MSCSO of the village, the elders of the Wapung Presbyterian Church and the villagers.
To revoke the trading license of foreign shops if they continue to illegally cut kilos of agricultural products.
He said that if the government departments from now on cannot follow the notification issued by the department, the union will send a letter to these government departments.
The Ministry of Roads and Transport Highways has revealed that the purpose of building this road has nothing to do with the peace and order of the residents of the area. facilitate and facilitate the mining of uranium.
The Seng also urges all the paradoh parasnam to follow the rules and regulations laid down by the relevant authorities because self-responsibility does not help only themselves but their loved ones and the Jaitbynriew as a whole in relation to this war. to be wise not to believe in any rumors.
This was announced by Mr. Macdonald Nongrang, President of Mairang Youth Association.
PM attends All India Conference of Director Generals/ Inspector Generals of Police, in New Delhi on January 07, 2024.
During the election campaign, the Chief Minister said that the NPP after coming to power, said that in 2015 the central government had sought clarification to release coal mining in the state. The previous government did not respond to the Mine and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act.
MPCC President Vincent H Pala has welcomed MPCC President Vincent H Pala to the Congress Party at Congress Bhavan Shillong. The NCP MLA has joined the Congress party.
He said that the central and state governments have tried many tricks to mislead the people of the area and to mislead them how to mine the uranium in Domiasiat.
Furthermore, the terms tenants and tenancy are not new but have been used in other states of India like Andhra Pradesh, Bihar, Goa and others.
The reason for the use of this bridge is that the residents of Mynriang village do not have another road although there is a road from the Umtung River which has been implemented under the Mahatmat Gandhi National Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS) but this road has not been used. The people are allowed to use it only during the rainy season.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Deputy Chief Minister said that the central and state governments still rely on the newspapers, not on the Internet.
After receiving news from the residents of the area about the violence of the Karbi people against their fellow citizens, the KSU immediately went to meet with the DC of West Jaintia Hills District.
With this victory, Lajong have moved up to third place with three wins in a row and three draws from all six games.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong today announced that 42,000 Tika doses purchased by the state government will arrive in Meghalaya tomorrow. ages 18 to 44 will begin Thursday.
The inspection was on the allegation of the villagers that the work of the contractors has just been completed.
In the discussion on the Labor License, the HYC urged the KHADC to end the issuance of Labor License to the private sector. The HYC leaders said that the KHADC will work with the villages to curb the influx of foreigners.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: Answering a question by Dr. Mazel Amapreen Lyngdoh regarding the land at Barik, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, said that the At present, this is still under consideration and the government has not yet taken any decision.
They provide protection to the village from the storms which have swept the state in the past.
During these three days of Shad Suk Mynsiem, the Khasi Seng Kmie has followed all the rules and regulations according to the permission of the government and the authorities in charge. The District Administration has also attended the meeting.
The Trading by Non-Tribal Act 1954 stipulates that no foreigner or non-tribal can trade within the boundary of the Council without a Trading License issued by the Council.
Dr Mukul Sangma appointed him to the Cabinet on 4th July
Police on receiving the complaint have conducted an investigation to find out whether it was the act of a private individual or any group. .
In the presence of Himanta Biswa Sarma, Chief Minister of Assam, Prof. (Dr.) Manik Saha, Chief Minister of Tripura, the train No.15617/15618 Dullabcherra-Guwahati was launched. 07688/07687 Agartala-Sabroom DEMU, the extension of the Guwahati-Secunderabad Express to Silchar (Assam).
Shillong, November 07: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today announced on Twitter that the government has decided to reopen tourist spots in the state and from 21 November to the people of the country who came.
Shillong, March 23: U Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA of the BJP from 19-Shillong South Constituency today sent a letter to the Union Minister of Home Affairs to resolve the border dispute between the two countries. North East state before
Before being selected as a player at the Tata Trusts' training camp in Mizoram, Nongkhlaw played for Royal Wahingdoh and Shillong Lajong in Meghalaya.
The commemoration of the death anniversary of Syiem Tirot Singh was enriched by songs, traditional dances and drama performances on the life and last days of Syiem Tirot Singh.
The deadline for receipt of completed application forms is 09th July 2018 on or before 3 pm.
If you help your neighbors in times of need, they in turn help you.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Boney in his speech also quoted the speeches of the President of India at the awarding ceremony of the National Awards for Persons with Disabilities. Disability Person, The President of the country said, “Education can empower the disabled to be strong to compete with the world”.
He also said that the media has brought awareness, praise and acceptance to this unique style.
At this meeting, it was decided that the deadline for application for tickets will be until the 6th of this month.
Shillong, June 06: The Commissioner and Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya today announced that the Government of Meghalaya has declared a public holiday on the end of the Myneim Festival at Weiking Square on the 10th. June/ 2023.
MPCC President Vincent H. Pala on Tuesday said that the Congress party has given its support to the NPP to lead the Executive Committee. The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) is for the benefit of the people especially in the preservation of the land, customs and traditions.
Speaking on the introduction of the resolution in the House, Pyniaid said that there is a need to write to the State Government and also to the Central Government regarding the amendment to the Constitution. in relation to the ST Order1
Regarding these issues, the party will arrange with the relevant authorities to resolve the issues faced by the followers of the Niam Tranrai on such special days.
Ency W Shadap said, “We on behalf of HANM, we are very sorry in connection with the arrest of these 9 students. They have the right to pass the examination as required by the job, but the government has not accepted this.
Modiji believes in the participation of the people in which attitudes can be changed.
The counting of votes will be held on the 4th July
There are 95 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 19 from North Garo Hills, 5 from North Garo Hills, 38 from Ri Bhoi, 28 from West Garo Hills, 2 from West Jaintia Hills and 3 from West Khasi Hills. after.
Prime Minister Duh said the world is looking forward to the leadership of the G7, G77 and UNGA. In this regard, India's presidency of the G20 is even more important.
Shillong, Lber 25: The State Government has declared a 21 day lockdown to prevent the spread of COVID-19 in accordance with the directives of the Central Government.
The Mawsynram Block covers 166 villages.
This was announced by Emanuel Syiem Malngiang, Asst.General Secretary of the All Meghalaya Contractors' and Suppliers' Association.
Regarding this inspection, it was said that if there are villages on the border with Bangladesh, the fence will be three meters from the Zero Line and if it is farther away it will be 137 meters from the Zero Line. The field is 150 meters from the zero line.
The decision on the 10 days that the disease cannot spread will be taken later after carefully reading the documents, statements or writings of the doctors of If they are sure that it is true, the government will take a decision on this.
The celebration of the 25th Anniversary will end in 2023 with the Dorbar Bah to be held at Mawphlang.
Gijur said that from now on, if the KHADC receives such complainants who have not revealed or signed their names in the letter, the council will not take any action.
The Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) Shillong has taken action against seven contractors of the Transport Department in South Garo Hills District for non-payment of salaries. date of this month.
Shillong, Lber 05: The District Administration has lifted the curfew at Police Bazar from 5.00 pm to 1.00 pm this morning. The meeting will be held from 9.00 am to 4.00 pm.
Shillong, July 02: The 58-Gorkha Army has conducted a special selection to involve the youth of the North East in sports activities such as shooting, kura and ball.
This is a question that the Government and Martin M. Dango as MLA of Ranikor Constituency and Minister of State Government should answer.
He said that in the meeting with the Assistant Registrar, he advised them to send a letter to the headquarters in Hyndrabad by 15th November 2023 and express their wishes.
According to SP News Agency, many of the Congress MLAs who have won many seats do not want to be in the speaker's seat because they want to be in the minister's seat.
On this occasion, Kong Phanbuh urged the parents to protect their children from violence and said that they should report any violence.
Shillong, July 26: Speaking at the 64th Republic Day celebrations at Madan Polo, the Governor of Meghalaya, Mr Ranjit Shekhar Mooshahary, on Tuesday said that the rebel groups should come forward to resolve the issue. their trouble is in the way of peace.
The two-day Plenary reviewed the issues related to economic development in the North East and also discussed the progress of various projects implemented in the region.
The union also urges all the students of Laskeiñ Block to progress and succeed in their studies and to avoid evil deeds that can destroy their education and society as a whole but to work harder in the coming years. and to be young people who are ready to take responsibility for the cause of the country and the Hynniewtrep people as a whole.
Works under MNREGA, especially those related to irrigation and irrigation, and works of Common Service Centers (CSCs).
Out of 13 places, 8 in Khasi Hills and 5 in Garo Hills.
In the voice vote, the ruling party won against the opposition which supported the adjournment motion.
The union therefore would like to request you to take immediate action and take action as we see that there is a lack of attention on the part of the contractor in this regard.
These claims will be provided free of charge by the government for children aged 10 to 19 years.
In 2013, the government sent 3,000 teachers, in 2014, 4,500 and in 2015, 3,000 teachers to be trained in NOIS. what shall become of the fourth and fifth groups?
This was stated by Bah RS Syiem Joint Secretary of MLFOA in a statement.
In addition to these programmes, the Government has also launched the National Broadband Mission and the National Data Center Policy to facilitate the development of data centers in India and to improve the quality of life in the strong telecommunications sector.
The education at IIM Shillong is flexible and open to the students to choose their own education.
However, how many foreign nationals are in our State?
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, SC Sadhu, who is also the Returning Officer (R) of the Shillong Parliamentary Seat, on Thursday called a meeting with the leaders of political parties in the state to discuss the preparations for the election. The political parties participating in the meeting were the National People's Party (NPP), the Voice of the People's Party (VPP), the United Democratic Party (UDP), the Indian National Congress and others.
The first task he needs to do now is to expedite the codification of the laws to govern the himas, the second is the khaddar judgment within the KHADC, as it is now. There are three judges and only one magistrate. There is a need to appoint more judges to speed up the proceedings within the District Council Court.
S.O.(E) 3311 issued on 25th November, 2020 allows for the implementation of certain sections of the Motor Vehicles (Amendment) Act 2019 from 01st March, this is the law.
The company, after seeing the good passing of the students from this school, has taken over the school by donating 41 laptops for the training of the students. study in this school so that they can become according to the present era.
Regarding the road, the church expresses its regret that it is not yet complete, so with the visit of these government officials, the church hopes that the works to improve the road will proceed.
It is due to the construction of the Indoor Stadium that the canal has been blocked by the synrums which has prevented the water from escaping until the well has collapsed,” said the Minister. “It's been followed by a drawing and it's been made according to the requirements,” he said.
Speaking to media, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Ampareen Lyngdoh said that the government from the Chief Minister or all the Ministers will not interfere in the tender process but everyone wants anything. The newly appointed Company shall ensure that the service to the public is of the highest quality.
The President of HITO said that in a meeting with the civil society organizations, the meeting was held and it was explained what the government is doing. from the Donbok.
Shillong, Lber 27: U Bah Titos W Chyne MDC of Sohra and CEM of KHADC, while speaking at a public meeting at Saitsohpen today, said that the Save MCCL Campaign should not be played. politics and I'm the people.
The death toll has risen to 1147 from East Khasi Hills, 3 from Ri Bhoi, 2 from West Garo Hills and 1 from West Jaintia Hills.
This is the first state in the North East to consider introducing a Water Policy.
On this occasion, various schemes were explained to the public and the National Legal Services Authority (NLEA) has ordered to hold public meetings to explain to the public that they should understand the rights of the people. kid ei to receive as provided for in the Constitution of the Republic.
The total number of cases in the country is 461, 46 cases from East Khasi Hills, 39 cases from Ri Bhoi, 5 cases from West Garo Hills and 5 cases from West Jaintia. Hills 1 to date.
Shillong, Nailar 06: The FKJGP Sengkmie has announced the new Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) under the leadership of Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit as the Chief Executive Member (CEM). and full support to the KHADC as a whole for the implementation of the Trading Licence.
The Union and the Village Leaders have requested the government authorities to immediately inspect the affected families and at the same time to create relief measures for the refugees affected by the floods. storm.
This is a strong warning that the GSU should withdraw immediately and not be discouraged.
The HYC will not remain silent on the demand for ILP to protect the people of Meghalaya.
Shillong, November 30: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Nongkrem Unit has concluded the 1st Kiang Nangbah Knock Out Football Tournament held at Kharbuli Nongkrem Centre.
The bridge connecting Dhubri and Phulbari will be constructed by JICA, so it is necessary to think farther to include a railway line on this bridge so that it will be easier in the coming days if necessary. Construction of railway line to Phulbari in West Garo Hills District.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that his passing away is a great loss to the state and as a friend.
Latest reports said that the absence of any issue at the MDA meeting means that the parties and independent MLAs in the MDA group can bring up any issue. they feel to talk without any conditions.
She said that the Government of Meghalaya has allocated a huge amount of T.5271 crore for women.
He also promised that the Council will bring about development projects in these areas even if it is within its limited capacity.
He said that the president was appointed without a handshake.
The celebration of the Seng Kut Snem started from Madan Iewrynhep, with a march from Madan Iewrynhep to Madan Weiking. The Khasi National League for Democracy (KNLD) at Weiking Square.
Shillong, June 08: KSU Balat Border Unit President Bonsen Snaitang and members of KSU Ranikor Circle today visited Balat Market to collect Trading License from all foreign shops. doubts about their inheritance.
“It is my duty as the father of the constituency to fight for them (people living in Them Iewmawlong) also on the human feeling that they should be relocated.
The blaze inside the shop of Amit Singhania has not been brought under control despite the fire brigade trying to extinguish the fire from many places.
According to the information received by the DC's office, this man has met many people in these two villages even though he has been told to stay alone first without following the rules while he is still waiting. those who have a relationship with him.
The Seng has suspended 80 foreigners for not having proper documents including work permit & Labor License.
Regarding the increase in the number of foreign tourist vehicles, the union has demanded that the government should immediately resolve this issue.
Teachers, officers, staff and students of IIM Shillong, director of NIFT Shillong, principal of IIHM and other institutions involved in education and finance attended the programme. in together other other.
The area where Star Cement wants to take over is located near the Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary, Korsati Creek and Umlawang Creek.
Two deaths have been reported from East Jaintia Hills, one from East Jaintia Hills and one from East Khasi Hills, bringing the total number of deaths in the state to
The KSU has alleged that the government wants more and more that the construction of this bridge will continue for decades.
The construction of these two bridges will greatly assist the people in coming and going and both these bridges have been funded through the Border Area Development.
Speaking to media, Kharjahrin said they have suggested to the government that the Roster Maintenance Policy should be implemented from the date of its publication and should not be turned back.
Shillong, Iaiong 02: The FKJGP Mawsynram Circle has expressed its deep sorrow and grief regarding the incident inside the CHC Mawsynram which has caused many people to lose their lives when they heard the complaints of the employees. The CHC as well as the Paitbah.
At the same time, the AJYWO urges the various Kur Sengs in Jaintia Hills to be vigilant in their respective Kurs so that no foreigners misuse the Kur of the Khasi Jait. Your Pnar.
We have to take responsibility that we cannot reach all the villages,” he said.
Shillong, November 12: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on 9th November 2023 has renovated its Dehradun Unit in Dehradun.
“We hope that the police department will not delay in finding the perpetrators of this crime whoever they are and let the law do its duty,” said the HANM leader. We also urge the Police Department to arrest those who spread on Social Media an unsigned letter against the KSU, as this letter was sent to the President and General Secretary of the Khasi Hills. Student Union.
Nirmala Sitharaman along with the Minister of State for Finance and Corporate Affairs, Shri Anurag Singh Thakur arrives at Parliament House to present the General Budget 2020-21, in New Delhi on February 01, 2020.
The Chief Minister said that the tax on fuel falls under the State Vat. He said that at present the government does not have such an idea and if it should be done, it will have to be looked into first. to make any promise without first checking.
The union also demands that the Assam government should provide land and build a hostel for Khasi students in Silchar. The Forest Rights Act, 2005 by granting patta to and recognizing the boundaries of the tribals within the Barak Valley, under the Government of Assam.
Police of East Khasi Hills District have offered a reward of Rs 100,000 to anyone who can provide information leading to the arrest of those involved in the blast. .
Scientists explained how they are working to discover new drugs and drug modifications to fight the COVID-19 pandemic.
Drostina Lyngdoh Nonglait of Personnel & AR (B) Department.
According to the information received, the record room is the room where the registers of vehicles are kept and the other room is where the records are kept. driver’s license.
On this occasion, Bah Nikson Dohling confirmed the office bearers of the party, Bah Wankupar Dyia as President, Bah Ehbok Dyia as General Secretary and Bah Lamshai Rani as General Secretary. as Vice President and 23 others as office bearers of the party.
He said that even after 66 years, there has been no call from the Government of India to negotiate and implement these agreements and promises with the Federation of Khasi States. The Grand Council of Chiefs and the Federation of Khasi States have been appointed to the Dorbar Ri.
At the same time, the lamphrang informed that no candidate has filed for the post of Dy Chairman, there is only one candidate for Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem. elected to this chair without any opposition.
Therefore, your cooperation is requested to please consider this issue so that the Hima Khyrim can fulfill all the requirements in the preparation without any problems or interruptions.
Shillong, Lber 26: The HANM and KSU have expressed their gratitude to the Lumdiengjri Dorbar Shnong for the invitation of illegal immigrants to the village.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: The House Committee on Women Empowerment (HCWE) today summoned the Superintendent of Police and the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District to inquire about the incident. Agnes Kharshiing and Amita Sangma were killed in the attack.
The fire was first discovered by the people at about 5 pm and immediately the fire brigade was informed and the police immediately rushed to the scene to fight the fire. and the light of the fire.
The Railway Protection Force said that in 2018, they have arrested up to 20 human traffickers.
The 12 injured were taken by Ambulance 108 and MLP Ambulance from Mawiong.
After the explanation by the Deputy CEm in charge of the budget of the KHADC, the members of the House accepted and approved the budget of the KHADC today by the entire House.
This is not only about cleaning but also about the commitment of the staff to maintain cleanliness.
The objective is to encourage innovators from small states in the service of the people in the North Eastern States, Union Territories and Hill States, in the field of education. , Health, Information Technology and Rural Development.
The Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills, Bah C.Syrti, while explaining about the news on social media, said, “On Saturday, our police team launched an investigation after receiving a tip that The Assam Police have set up a camp in this area which the Karbi people have admitted to be within the state while the residents of Lapangap have admitted that it is still within the border of the state. Meghalaya.
Jowai, Jymmang 19: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) today announced its new leaders for the term 2017-2
There are 195 employees in the Shillong office including officers and 65 day labourers, but they have been employed for more than 40 years and if they are transferred to Guwahati, these 65 employees will lose their jobs. their.
Shillong, Naialr 21: It is necessary to draw from the village languages ​​from all over the regions and villages in order to enrich the Khasi language and to include all the languages ​​in one central language.
Speaking to reporters, HYC President Robertjune Kharjahrin said that the speech of the Prime Minister recently is a sad thing for the minorities of the North East. He said that the Joint Parliamentary Committee (JPC) which came to listen to the grievances of the people of the area has not been heard and has submitted its report as it is.
The purpose of this celebration is to bring about equality in jobs and in all fields even in sports as well.
On the same day, MDC Mawkhar-Pynthorumkhrah Constituency Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem handed over a garbage truck to the Golflink Dorbar Shnong. The Dorbar Shnong Golflink Pynthorumkhrah has organized a cleanliness drive.
Recalling the vision of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi to bring about sustainable development in the North East.
Union Minister of State for DoNER Dr Jitendra Singh, Governor Ganga Prasad, Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong and other Government Ministers were present on the occasion. Shylla, Mr. Hamletson Dohling.
On this occasion, a report on the fisheries industry in the past two years will also be launched.
The Shillong Cantonment Board has been divided into two public areas: the market from Anjelee Cinema to the parking lot at Mawlong Market, Paltan Bazar and Jhalupara. The Defense Estate Officer of the Army is located in Narengi, Guwahati.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: U Governor of Meghalaya, Ganga Prasad today swore in the Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court, Justice Tarun Agarwala at the Durbar Hall Raj Bhavan Shillong in the presence of many government officials. this day.
She joined the BSF as a doctor on 27th November 1990 as a medical officer after completing her MBBS from Lady Hardinge Medical College (LHMC), Delhi.
: The KTIEW EMS Trust on Tuesday donated medical equipment to be used in the Labor Room of Dr.H.Gordon Robert Hospital, Shillong so that the 100th Anniversary Hospital can continue to operate. to provide better services to the public in the field of health.
He urged the public to inform the office immediately if there is any incident of damage so that the office can investigate in time and if it takes too long they cannot investigate. .
Speaking to SP News Agency, he said that the nominations have already been sent after he took over as CEM of JHADC, but due to the absence of the Governor in the state, it has been postponed. He said that when the new Governor comes to take over, he hopes that he will soon get the approval of the Governor of the state.
He urged everyone to work with the government to resolve the issues.
Meghalaya ranks 22nd in all SDGs (Sustainable Development Goals).
Shillong, July 17: Umroh Sports Club on Saturday concluded the football tournament at Umroh Stadium, Mawkasiang.
He said that these kinds of difficult tasks bring the desire to achieve goals, to overcome great difficulties to reach the goal.
Last year, there was a need for ambulances to transport the sick, but now there is a need for ambulances to be fully equipped to save lives.
Speaking to reporters, Pyniaid said that he sent his resignation letter as Chairman on 31/1/2022 and on 1/02/2022 it was received by the Symbut Chairman. send the matter to the DCA of the State Government to inform the Governor.
The suspects were identified as Gilbirth Sangma, Rakash Sangma, Seltin Momin, Toseng Sangma, Bronson Momin and Nisbirth. Sangma was arrested on Tuesday.
The public is urged not to stand in line inside the ATMs.
The death toll from Covid-19 has risen to
The most affected is the Governor's refusal to sign the MRSS (Amendment) Ordinance, which according to Article 19(5) has the right to grant special protection.
He said that the state government cannot use this money for the purchase of vehicles, to travel abroad and to pay the salaries of employees. “It's a good idea to use this money,” said the Minister in charge of Forest Department.
At this meeting today, it was called to understand the border issue signed and at this meeting it was clarified that there is no demand to review the soskular signed with Assam. .
Shillong, November 11: The COMSO today decided to strongly oppose the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2019 and demand the immediate implementation of the ILP in Meghalaya.
The Seng urges all the students to work hard and diligently in their studies, and without doubt that hard work will bring honor to the family, the community and the community. the whole nation.
The non-implementation of these promises has been a great loss to the people of the thousand because this position is very difficult because for example, until these days the clarification on the Village Act has not been suspended. building houses, inter-state & international border of the Khasi states, illegal collection of income taxes of the land owners of the KHADC State Government, due to violation of Indian laws and The rights of the Khasi States under the IOA &AA signed and ratified between the Government of India and the 25 Hima Khasi States on 17th August
This was stated by Commander Shangpliang, President of the HFU.
“He said that JETS 24×7 currently has a motorcycle parking lot at Jaiaw Lan Sona Lane and is also trying to get motorcycle parking lots at Nongthymmai, Laitumkhrah, NEIGRIHMS and others. market place.
At present, there are 22 government health centers, 7 of which have to work with the private sector.
He pointed to the new expectations of the people of the North East for Viksit Northeast.
He also blessed the Unit for its success in all its activities.
On the other hand, the Chief Superintendent of Police said that if found, they will be punished according to the law.
In the past years, the government has received between T.60 and T.70 crore in revenue, but now the government will receive more than T.15 crore.
The price has been increased from 47000 to 57000 tyngka.
The fire brigade first arrived with a heavy fire truck and the vehicle did not enter the ground floor and had to stop at Stanjeep. the smaller ones entered but could no longer protect themselves from the bombing.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: It has been 10 years since the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma inaugurated the Sibsing Memorial Highers Secondary School Nongstoin on the 17th of July The school has not yet been operationalized as a training center for the students.
Shillong, July 13: The Minister of Urban Affairs, Ampareen Lyngdoh, has promised the Police Bazar Welfare Association (PBWA) that the construction of the Police Bazar will be completed within this month.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) in collaboration with the Meghalaya Basin Development Authority (MBDA) of the State Government today held a meeting at the State Government. Convention Center.
Shillong, July 13: The Central Committee of Cements (MCCEU) today held a protest at its office at Lachumier Shillong against the government for not implementing the demands they have been putting before the government for many months.
Explaining why the Seng has opposed the construction of the railway line in the area, Bah Lyngdoh said that the Jaintia Hills District Autonomous Council (JHADC) has so far failed to pass laws to prevent the construction of the railway line. to empower the Dorbar Shnongs to curb the illegal entry of mynder into the villages.
It was also learned that the people of these Assembly constituencies can complain to them if they have any problems regarding the MP election. 13-ST, 14-Storumkhrah1 5-St Shillon; (ST)17-North Shillong, 18-West Shillong, 19-South Shillong (GEN)21 -Nongthymmai (ST)22-Nongkrem (ST)29-Mawkymw (ST).
The body of the man was recovered with the participation of the SDRF team and the villagers.
The Minister of Sports, Zenith M. Sangma and Bah FR Kharkongor, Secretary to the Government in charge of Sports will be present at the ceremony.
MePDCL has been allowed to borrow T.51 crore from the state government for the completion of the power plant in Garo Hills. and T.173.11 crore has been allowed to be borrowed from financial institutions.
Registration for these Free Trainings is underway and for more information please call 8257001771/9
BSF seized 500 bottles of Phensedyl from the vehicle.
It means 'Line', the word 'Bynthuiñ' from Maharam which means a line in the sky to connect around the universe, which means 'Network' ; The word 'Ang' from the Bhoi region means to stand people or to stand lynter ryngkhi one after another, which means 'Queue' and many other languages ​​from around the region have the origin of which is probably not found in the language of Sohra or elsewhere.
Shillong, Nailur 20: U Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of Social Welfare, in reply to a question by Miani D Shira, said that there are still 1500 villages in Meghalaya which have not yet received don't have Anganwadi.
The purpose of this meeting is to ensure that they can consider what the central government intends to do and whether it will affect the small paid people of the state before any incident occurs. don't get shuwa.
The theme of the conference was 'Public Procurement - Issues and Challenges and Sharing of Experiences of Best Practices,' which was inaugurated by Ravneet Kaur, Chairperson, Competition Commission of India (CCI) in the presence of Anupama Anand. , Secretary, CCI and Atul Sobti, Director General, SCOPE in Shillong, Meghalaya.
Prof. Amena, Professor, Department of History, NEHU.
In 2019, a report by the World Health Organization (WHO) showed that tobacco use in India affected about 1% of the country's GDP due to diseases and premature deaths.
It is expected that this release of funds will help the States and UTs to prepare their budgets to improve health services and implement projects.
(DSIIDC).
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, JACATAM Chairman Bah ED Nongsiang said that if the government does not call for a meeting within that date, they will march to the secretariat. but to the untimely teaching.
I don't want to waste time but I don't agree that you tell the VPP leaders not to mislead and not to do politics.
The meeting was attended by Shella MDC T Dkhar, MSDC Chairman Hector Marwein, MSDC Chairman Isawanda Laloo DC, officers and Rangbah Shnong of the area. which fall under the jurisdiction of Sohra Civil Sub Division.
All the people are urged to come together at this place as a sign of unity to fight against these problems, according to a message sent by Bah Kit Shangpliang member of Summersalt today. sun.
The construction of the statue of the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima in Dhaka, Bangladesh has been completed by the Department of Culture and Heritage of the Government of Meghalaya in collaboration with the Central Government. task.
The Deputy Chief Minister, Prestone Rynsong, in reply to a question from reporters, said that it is true that many of the works in the state have not yet started. that the government has now expedited the works to start.
Referring to the situation in the region, he said that there are speeches against India and to instigate protests by some leaders which has led to instability.
Shadap said.
Speaking on the occasion were Bah RM Shabong and Bah Starfing Jove Langpen Pdahkasiej.
According to those who have learned from Amwi, there are Bah HH Mohrmen and Bah Mankular Lamin Gashnga and no doubt there are many others who know.
On the other hand, Bah Nongtraw General Secretary of the union, said that the government should not listen to the allegations, but should act quickly to find out the facts. “If the government has a place to take them, what is their problem?” he asked.
The Green Tech Foundation (GTF) has used boats to collect and collect the garbage and waste from the Umkhrah River.
“I always say that the Sixth Schedule is to protect us, a small nation, it should not be that this institution we have, it should not be a place to protect ourselves. The CEM of KHADC, Bah Titosstarwell, said, “I see the trend going on, when we sit in this Council, it seems that we There is no need to protect other nations, but I want to make it clear that this institution which has been established to protect us from the attack by high paid people so that our culture will remain in these “That is the purpose of the District Council”.
The Minister said that the person who tested positive today was in quarantine center and was taken to hospital.
JSM President Samla Deogratias Kyndait, before taking the oath, explained many issues related to the rules of procedure of the JSM, especially the The main task of the party is to improve education , the second is to involve the youth of the nation in knowing the values and the third is to defend our rights as a separate nation (Hynniewtrep).
Meghalaya will hold elections for the MP from the 1-Shillong (ST) Parliamentary Constituency on 19th June
The Naga girl was accompanied by her friend and family members.
The ILP has been in force in Garo Hills, Khasi and Jaintia Hills since the British rule according to the Preamble mentioned above and will continue until 10th December,
The notification was issued by the Assam Government by dividing the villages of Nongphyllut Dolloiship (Block-1) of Jowai Civil Sub-Division into United Cachar and Mikirs Hills. The Forum said in a petition signed by Chairman Chandame Sungoh and Secretary Purity Phawa.
Umsning, June 05: The District Election Officer, Ri-Bhoi district today conducted a training for the people who don't know how to vote and also for those who have been used to voting. This year, the Election Commission has arranged to hold another vote for those who do not wish to vote for the five candidates from the 1st Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
During his visit to Mawlein Mawkhan in Umsning and Lum Umpih in Ri Bhoi District, he also inspected the works implemented under the central government scheme and said that MGNREGA has been implemented. good for the development of villages in Meghalaya.
If you get close to this mawbah, you can't see from end to end.
The benefits to the college from the transfer of the college to the Community College are that the government will provide Rs 2 crore for the construction of the college.
On the same day, the BSF Shopping Complex at Umpling was inaugurated by the IG of North East Frontier PK Dubey. same in other parts of the state.
She is currently working as a correspondent from Meghalaya for East Mojo.
Speaking to reporters, he said that the contest will be in many constituencies, but the president of the NPP party has not said whether the party will contest in all the constituencies.
“The lack of electricity distribution by MeECL for several months in Jaintia Hills has severely affected especially the school children in their education and also the people of the area from households to offices. government, shops, and others are the parts,” said Bah Reachingson Siangshai, Vice President of AJYWO. :00PM because it is the time when the people need electricity.
Shillong, Lber 05: The four-day curfew has been imposed in Iewduh. The most affected are the shopkeepers selling jhur and soh, as these are perishable goods.
He said that while the District Administration is awaiting the report of the Audit Committee on Source of Coal in these factories, The District Administration has closed down four factories with valid CTE, CTO documents including M/s Shemphang Riangshiang, Pyndeng Jalong, Doranggri, Shallang. Rilyngngam Coke Industries, Kyllon Mathei, Shallang.
“Modi is determined to work day and night to fulfill his promises,” he said, adding that the North East has confidence in Modi's promise.
“We urge the Government under the leadership of Conrad K. Sangma to take this special step.
“We have been preparing for this scheme for a few months and now we are ready to implement it and it has been approved by the Cabinet today to implement this scheme,” he said.
Now, 3 crore people of the country have got decent houses and new houses, where they have started living.
“We demand that the NIA should clarify the allegation that the robbers demanded money.
Until now, no one has been identified as a resident of Meghalaya.
A complaint has been registered at Jowai Police Station against four jail employees, Rajesh Swer, Chamilan Kynjing, Dame Labun Sunn, Pyndapbor Bamon and Alexius Iawram. .
The inspection was led by the Executive Member in charge of Taxation Bah Fantin Lakadong and the Executive Member in charge of Land Department Bah Teibor Pathaw along with senior officers of the Trade Department and Enforcement Officers.
Shillong, Naitung 24: The India Meteorological Department (IMD) has issued a warning that heavy rainfall is expected in some parts of Meghalaya within the next 24 hours. and other states in India.
Shillong, Iaiong 26: Two men have died and 100 others have been injured in a tragic incident today.
The union has demanded that the minister should appoint doctors as soon as possible. Regarding the salaries of the employees who have been staying for four months, the union has suggested to the government that the doctors should be appointed as soon as possible. The money should be set aside and it should continue to pay salaries and the state government can replenish it when it comes from the central government.
“All the belongings inside the house were burnt down by the flames,” said the Waheh Shnong of Tuberkmaishnong, Bah Miki Lyngdoh. .
Among those announced today, SP of South Garo Hills Anand Mishra, IPS from Meghalaya has been one of the recipients of the award for his bravery in fighting. against the insurgents in Meghalaya.
He said that the KHADC will not be able to manage this land, so the public is invited to apply if anyone wants to manage this land. .
Regarding the MDC election, the UDP has confirmed that Bah Shylla will be the party's candidate from Nongkrem Constituency. of the party.
It will also assist those paradoh parasnam who intend to find a place to study or work or any other job in this city.
Shillong, Nailur 22: Following the news of the explosion of uranium waste tanks in Nongbah Jynrin, the KSU South West Khasi Hills District today under the leadership of Samla Jiedskhem Nongsiej, General Secretary KSU South West Khasi Hills District. The District has visited the area today 22/09/2
The reason for such incidents is due to the lack of police personnel in the area and thus they have not been able to curb these kinds of violence against human rights in the area.
Referring to the North East, the Chief of Army Staff said that this region is unique because there are many neighboring countries, but what they do cannot be told. public.
Regarding the outlets, he said that in fact those outlets which have appeared on social media have been closed but it is not known who has broken the barriers. use.
Surprisingly, all the flowers and utensils used in the service of God were taken away and even the cups of wine used by the pastors when they gave the sacrament were taken away.
Shillong, Nailar 15: The General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC), Bah Cheris Thangkhiew in a statement sent to the media, on Tuesday said that it is the state government which has blocked the door to peace talks.
Government groups, local authorities and other partners and groups.
The counting of votes in all three constituencies went smoothly without any incident. The Election Commission of India (ECI) has provided security personnel to ensure that the election went smoothly.
On the other hand, the CEM of KHADC congratulated the MDC of Mawhati, Bah Charles Marngar for raising this question. Shillong, Naiwieng 10: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today inaugurated the Eastern West Khasi Hills District at Mairang. The District has been in existence since 1976 when it received the Mariang Civil Sub Division which has been running for 45 years.
Shillong, Lber 19: U Ramkumar S, Secretary in charge of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Shillong today inaugurated the National Tuberculosis Testing Laboratory at RP Hospital Shillong.
The President of the Khasi Filmmakers Association said that going to the cinema is not a sin, he said that by going to the cinema is to support the filmmakers, to encourage the participants as tynshong ki puron. in the film where they get to showcase their talent.
Latiplang said that if Grace M Kharpuri does not return to the group, they will have to inform the Governor accordingly. The CEM of KHADC said that he hopes that through this. The decision of the court shall be subject to the approval of the Governor to the EMs within his EC.
Bah Nongsiej said that the purpose of this program is to encourage the farmers and entrepreneurs in the district and urged the people who came to witness this program to participate in the various schemes implemented through the Department of Fisheries of the State Government.
Students are requested to bring their documents to prove that they are students of Class XII. Whether they are from colleges or schools.
The Rasong Rasong SS&CC also took the opportunity to celebrate the 179th Death Anniversary of Syiem Tirot Singh, Nongkhlaw Hima. KHADC, Shillong, you are the Chairman.
“I am pleased to inform you that the Government of India has launched the National Green Hydrogen Mission to harness hydrogen electricity and has approved an investment of US$ 2.3 billion for this Mission.
The Chief Guest shared the thoughts of Mahatma Gandhi and urged the writers to express themselves through literature for the benefit of mankind.
Because the Government has not bought or accepted these lands, they are no longer Tribal areas.
Rev. Barnes Mawrie, Asst Parish Priest of Mawpdang Parish, Rev. Laurence Nongkseh, Asst Parish Priest of Pynthorumkhrah Parish, Provincial of Shillong Province and other other.
Shillong, Naitung 04: U Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Minister of Social Welfare, today announced that the State Government has appointed an Advisory Board to fully implement the PIT NDPS Act fight against drug trafficking in the state.
HNYM President Louis Dohtdong said that the HNYM has found that Teiborlang has put up a signboard with the words “Private Land” in Umtring.
Commander Shangpliang said the HFU demands the forgiveness of the debt of the farmers and also the implementation of the MSP due to the price hike.
Answering a question, he said that the proposed burning site is located in front of 12-Mer and this is far from the village and is no longer under the jurisdiction of Madan Ying Syiem.
The distribution of medicines was carried out in four villages in the area.
Similarly, cleanliness campaigns have been completed in the affected areas of Latur district in Kendrewadi, Ahmedpur, Sukani and Tondar (Vajrawadi) in Udgir taluk and Kurdwadi in Ausa taluk.
There are 46-Phulbari and Esmatur Mominin.
"He remembered that India did well at this year's Olympics in Tokyo.
He said that the center will start training for Panchakarma technicians for the youth of the area.
He said that as it appears now due to the decrease in the number of cases of corona virus, the Government of India has allowed some sports to resume sports according to the rules laid down by the district authorities.
Shillong, Nailar 27: Shaili Dhagat, formerly from Shillong, has won the Mrs International World Ambassador 2019-20 pageant held at Encore Melaka, Malaysia.
Sometimes people have to appoint pleader riewsain to do these things in the documents according to the rules and regulations which they have implemented by many laws according to the orders of the state government.
Equipment used in feeding pigs should not be taken from the pigsty.
The Director General of Police, Meghalaya, Dr LR Bishnoi, congratulated the Superintendent of Police and his team for arresting the drug trafficker.
The Department of Liquor has issued a government notice on 31/1/2023 and this notice has been sent to all the Deputy Commissioners in the state and the DC of East Khasi Hills District. was officially announced today.
To implement the decisions of the Government and the State Level Task Force to curb the influx,
On the other hand, the officers explained in detail about the agriculture.
Speaking on the occasion, the General Secretary of Umlari Unit, Ma Dapoimi Khyriem, expressed the concern of the village regarding the network. They have to sit online classes until late at night especially for girls so he urged them to do something about it.
Other demands include having its own NE policy. To resolve the land dispute between India and Bangladesh, the Central Government should resolve the borders between the states. Nagaland and Assam, Meghalaya and Assam, Mizoram and Assam, Tripura and Assam, Arunachal Pradesh and Assam, Manipur and of Nagaland.
In a letter sent to the Minister of Home Affairs, the CEM of KHADC congratulated the government for its decision to set up BOPs across the border areas with Assam to provide security and safety. to the people living on the border with Assam.
“According to the RTI, it was also found that the JHADC through its Administrative Department has made it clear that the JHADC does not know or recognize anything about Umthe Village or the Nepali Rangbah Shnong of Umthe. "I'm sorry," said Bah Dkhar.
Police have tightened security in Shillong to ensure that no one will disturb the movement of the people or government employees.
Tura, March 8: The Garo Hills State Movement Committee (GHSMC) today learned that the law enforcement authorities have filed a case against 25 arrested members of the party.
Instead of Tirot Sing Syiem, an old man dressed in inappropriate clothes, dressed like a kharmali, had a small sword and the shape of the sword was not a Khasi sword.
People who are still able to save money may not be poor compared to those who do not have the ability to save money.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has decided to assist the Hynniewtrep people who are having difficulty in filling up the forms of the District Council.
The meeting was conducted by the President of the party, Bah KP Pangniang.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh said that as a leader in a small capacity as an MDC, he has tried to provide the best service in which he said. He added that he does not want to blame himself but let his actions speak louder than words.
Under the PMAY scheme, the Housing Department of the Union Government has allocated 2,30,000 houses for the poor in these five states of the North East in the last four years. The Central Government has paid T.1 lakh to T.2.67 lakh for those who have received this housing scheme according to the location of the land.
Mairang, Jymmang 02: The District Magistrate of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Eastern West Khasi Hills District, in an order issued under Section 144 of the CrPC, has banned the use of dohum dohwah. There is a large number of drugs in Wahkhri district in Eastern West Khasi Hills District.
The Nursing College has completed more than 60 percent of the examinations and is expected to complete this year.
Many of the athletes hope that this venue will become a platform for the development of talented people in the area in the field of sports.
The Minister of State for Meghalaya, Bah Renikton L Tongkhar, the Director of NEIAH, NEIGHRIHMS, the VC of NEHU and the Shillong, March 10: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that four people have died of COVID-19 positive. The death toll has risen to 1421, with 2 cases from East Khasi Hills and 2 cases from West Khasi Hills.
Like the Crowbrough Hotel at Khyndailad which was laid the foundation stone since 1986 and which has been a source of shame for Shillong, it is in this government that it has been worked and has been completed. These are some of the things that this government has done.
The lack of markets in different parts of the state has affected the price of agricultural products produced by the farmers in the state. the price of the jhur.
On the other hand, the party has sent a message to the Governor that he should respect that as the Head of State he should respect the special day for Christians or other religions. NIT has promised to do its utmost to talk to the Governor to hold the function on the next day to celebrate the foundation day of NIT. The NIT authorities and the heads of the institute said that if they go ahead with this program , the union will also go ahead in terms of protesting against this function , he said. They requested the Governor to understand the different religions in the state as he is the head of the state.
He said that many of the youth from Jaintia Hills and Ribhoi also hope to pass the examination.
Certificates will also be distributed to the members of the 1st Meghalaya Farmers Parliament and other urgent agenda items.
