The training center will cost about T.2 crore and the cost of running the training will be between T.55 to T.60 lakh per annum. .
The primary objective of the PDF is to introduce laws and policies in line with the need to protect the country and the people of the state, he said. it has experienced and witnessed many difficulties in its journey under the rule of the Congress.
Shillong, Naitung 24: Four MLAs of Ri Bhoi District will visit Sabuda on the 27th of this month. month.
Around the world, mining companies are experienced and engaged in mining, especially rare and important minerals such as gold, platinum minerals , precious elements and more.
The selfie points are for various schemes and initiatives of the Government at 12 places, including the National War Memorial, India Gate, Vijay Chowk, New Delhi Railway Station, PragatiMaidan, Raj Ghat, Jama Masjid. Metro Station, Rajiv Chowk Metro Station, Delhi Gate Metro Station, ITO Metro Gate, NaubatKhanabad Sheesh GanjGurudwara.
VPP Leader Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, speaking to the supporters waiting at the Additional Secretariat, after returning from the meeting with the Minister, said, “We have written to the Government. He said that we cannot appoint ourselves, we have appointed because the Lok Ayukta is an autonomous body or an independent body and cannot be challenged.
About 0.9 grams of heroin were seized from the suspects.
Batskhem Ryntathiang, MDC from Mairang-Nongkhlaw Constituency on Friday joined the National People's Party (NPP) at a meeting held at Mairang village.
Padma Trinity Saioo, West Jaintia Hills District, explained about her journey in the cultivation of Lakadong with the support of the Spices Board of India.
At the meeting held yesterday, the government has decided to visit for themselves to find out the truth and their findings will be taken to the meeting for a decision.
At present, the situation in the state is beginning to improve and the surveillance is ongoing.
After the meeting, it was decided that all shops in Shillong will close at 7 pm and the night curfew will start from 8 pm to 5 pm.
Speaking to reporters, the DGP said that two persons had come from Silchar by bus and were carrying a large quantity of drugs. East Khasi Hills District Police Station has stopped all buses coming from Silchar.
The turnout in Garo Hills was 78.84 per cent while in Khasi Hills it was 63.06 per cent.
At the same time, the Shnong encourages him to work harder so that he can bring victory and glory to the village and the state as a whole.
Sikkim has started work on the State Master Plan in the implementation of the pilot project in Gangtok and Pakyong districts.
Therefore, the university does not allow you to study the subject Khasi at the Ph.D.
The four organizations demanded from the State Government especially the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek and the Chief Minister, Bah Conrad Sangma to immediately send the Tika vaccines to prevent the spread of the disease. the COVID-19 pandemic.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today closed down the office of the Director of NEIGRIMHS on charges of The current Director has acted too much until there has been a lot of trouble inside the central government hospital.
He said that after completing the investigation at the scene, Rudra was taken back to Khanapara Police Station at 1.05 pm on the 26th of this month and arrested. He was taken to the Khanapara Police Station because the Rani Jirang Border Out Post did not have a police station.
Shillong, Lber 30: Ka Shilla Bishnab, a student of Class IX of Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya, Mawphlang, will be one of the students from the country to take part in a discussion with the Prime Minister, U Narendra Modi in Part 5 of Pariksha Pe Charcha on June 1,
Shillong, Lber 22: The filing of nomination papers for the MP election to be held on the 9th of next month has ended today.
The Ministry of Tourism has remade the film Incredible India to welcome foreign tourists to the country after the reopening of international flights.
The hospital has set aside a separate room for this mother.
The Director of Health Services (DHS) said that to declare that it is a community spread, they will have to hold a meeting and that will be done after the completion of the test. The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare will take a clear decision.
Speaking to media after the swearing-in ceremony, the Governor said that he will work for the development of Meghalaya in all aspects. a part of the state.
The CEM's inspection and meeting on the 11th of this month should be beneficial to the market, those who live in the market should be evicted, the CEM and KHADC should take their part on this. not to allow the Hima and the Ministers to do whatever they want.
On the other hand, the election authorities in the state have urged the people not to come forward to cast their precious vote.
In India, out of the 28 States, 15 States have recognized their language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India, out of the 7 Union Territories, 6 have get their language recognized under the Constitution of India.
From 15th November, the State Government has increased the Honorarium from T.100,000 to T.1,000,000, while the Central Government has increased the fee from T.900,0
Jowai, July 15: A Sumo (MZ01 G 9712) coming from Mizoram to Guwahati collided with a 70 meter long sumo on the Jowai Bypass at Riatmoolai. All 11 passengers of the vehicle were injured when the truck collided with another vehicle. They were taken to Jowai Civil Hospital by EMRI 108 police. .
Speaking to media, Rakkam said the proposal to connect the railway line to Baghmara has been a long time coming since Captain Williamson Sangma became the Chief Minister.
At present, the government has prepared the arrangements as directed by the court and the government has prepared this and they will start meeting more to discuss before sending the affidavit to the court.
From this place, the crowd marched with ksing, dhah and tang muri to Madan Weiking to start the march. Before the march, there was a prayer. May this dance go smoothly with the blessings of the Creator.
Any teams who wish to participate are kindly requested to arrive at Malki Stadium at 1:00 pm.
Roypar Kharraswai said that the demands of the EMRI employees have been reduced from 36 to 8 but the government has not been able to implement their demands.
“The Shiv Shakti Point of the moon will be a symbol of this Indian way of thinking based on science and reading,” he added.
The President of Rotary Club Shillong Heritage congratulated all the winners and encouraged other youths to continue to work hard in their respective fields. .
The presence of the Acting Lyngdoh cannot solve the problems of the children of the Hima.
In another incident, Balajied Syiem shot and beat a 19-year-old girl and after shooting and beating her, he committed the rape in Upper Shillong.
Williamnagar, July 07: Meghalaya Police on receiving a tip that there is a GNLA camp in Adogre, have raided the GNLA camp in Adogre. stay in this place and fill it.
The resulting benefits are seen in various industries today.
India will play a major role in shaping future wireless technology, and the production of related equipment.
Those who attended the meeting were Bah Kynsai M Lyngdoh from Mawlai Town Dorbar, Bah Process T Sawkmie MDC of Mawlai Town Dorbar, Bah Embhah Syiemlieh MLA of Mawlai Town Dorbar, Bah Embhah Syiemlieh MLA of Mawlai Town Dorbar; The meeting was conducted by Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, General Secretary of the HYC.
The MLA who is also a Minister of State has allocated T.10/- lakh tyngka from his salary which was distributed to the people to celebrate Christmas and new year.
The BSF has received information that these cow traders have used the Siliguri, Khanapara and Nongpoh roads to smuggle cows only to East Khasi Hills of Meghalaya.
The Mawrap-Mawsain road was also cut off by the landslide at a place below Jerlang village, about 17 kilometers from Mawkyrwat.
This is to remind the soldiers of their spirit to defend the country.
Shillong, Nailar 23: Lumdiengjri Traffic Police today conducted a surprise search on two wheelers at Sawmer and found that many of them did not have licenses.
Regarding the speeches of Baroh, the Deputy Chief Minister said that although no reply was received to what the members of the House said, the government has listened to their speeches. It also took the opinion of all the members on how to fight against drugs.
These trucks were seized from Thangshalai to Mawryngkneng from the 15th to the 17th of July.
The Director of DERT, TG Momin, in a meeting with the members of the Meghalaya SSA Schools Association (MSSASA) on the 22nd of this month, said that until There is no requirement from the NIOS to extend the deadline.
However, the PDF has only been in existence for six months. Surprisingly, Dr Donkupar President of the UDP has accused the PDF of being a party of refugees.
Himalaya Muktan Shangpliang, who won on the Congress ticket from 25-Mawsynram Constituency, has joined the TMC. BJP to contest the 2023 MLA elections from the party.
Shillong, Nailar 13: The Chief Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, Claudia Lyngwa, on Tuesday said that the strengthening of security forces for the celebration of Independence Day is as usual every year.
Speaking to media after being welcomed by the President of Ranikor BCC in the presence of MLA Martin M Danggo and party leaders, Bah Lyngkhoi said that When he joined the Congress party after many years in the world, he saw that only the Congress party can give rule in this country and the state.
On this day, all the Christian denominations have held special services to commemorate this holy day.
Gracyl Ropmay, Merlvin Mukhim, Christopher Kurbah, Ram Suchiang, Felix, The Band Colors and Strait Brothers were the performers from the area.
: The Executive Committee of the All Meghalaya Primary Teachers' Association (AMPSTA) has decided to provide support to 246 government teachers who have been appointed by the government. in the year
Up to 240 cows, 240 pigs and 160 goats can be slaughtered at the slaughterhouse, which was opened today at Mawlai Mawiong.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the elders expressed their surprise to see that the PWD cleans the road during the rainy season and not during the dry season.
On the part of the CEM, during his visit, he spoke to those who are still undergoing treatment and wished them a good recovery during his visit to Nongstoin. he went to visit the scene of the tragedy.
The suspect was identified as Vicky Chetri, 31, son of Starlin Syiemlieh, resident of Nongmensong.
During the meeting, Grace Mary Kharpuri sent a letter to the Governor informing him that she has left the United Democratic Forum (UDF) and joined the United Democratic Forum (UDF). United Democratic Alliance (UDA).
The meeting was held today to strengthen the party to overcome the challenges ahead to prepare the party for the MLA elections in
BSF troops from the 200 Battalion of the BSF in Meghalaya in collaboration with the state police conducted a joint raid and seized sugar from a warehouse at Rongra on the Bangladesh border.
To achieve this victory in terms of income, the country must have a strong government.
MUPSTA President Babu Kenneth Shadap said that the Minister of Education, Rakkam A. Sangma will be the chief guest in the presence of the Adviser of MUPSTA. Education Department, Bah Himalaya Muktan Shangpliang and teachers of Upper Primary Schools from Khasi-Jaintia and Garo Hills.
Paying tax under GST is not easy, and many traders have to rely on experienced people, who have to pay a price, and have to provide exactly everything. resources, and this task is rather time-consuming.
Ri Bhoi Police on receiving a tip conducted a search operation and when the Night Super Bus number ML05T8121 arrived, they stopped and searched two vehicles. soap boxes.
Under PM POSHAN, 450 calories and 12 gms protein for primary children and 700 calories for primary children were provided with freshly prepared meals for all children who should participate in school days. and 20 gms of protein for upper primary children.
Proceeds from these auctions will go equally to the State Governments involved in the sale.
The distribution of M-Tabs was held at St. Thomas Higher Secondary School, Mairang where Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board and MLA of the area was the chief guest. The meeting was accompanied by the Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah G.Kharmawphlang who was the chief guest.
'Many were ready to follow me, but I could not decide who should be my deputy commander.
In a letter to Union Home Minister Amit Shah, Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma said that the late Samuel Sangma has lodged a complaint against the management of Alpha. Hospital, Basai, Gurugram, Haryana on allegations of wrongdoing on the part of the hospital which led to the death of the sister.
The East Khasi Hill District authorities have advised the people to be vigilant to avoid any injuries.
Under the OTS scheme, the government forgives 30% of the light bill and 100% of the late payment. According to rule 56 of the Electricity Act, MeECL will cut off electricity to those who do not pay the bill. power as agreed.
In a statement, the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Bah S.Nongtnger, said that on 2nd November, 2021, the Mawlai Police Station received a complaint against the suspect. that a 15-year-old girl was raped by Dresstar Kurbah in July
As it is, all households have been able to improve their income by using the existing tires because women have the power to work together to improve their income, not only that. it is also a collector of people to raise funds to fight for the eradication of poverty.
While the MHIS, which is the implementer of this scheme in the state, charges 31 tyngka per card, the card which the citizens receive has the name RSBY, not MHIS. as the public was persuaded.
He said about 27 states have approved PACS to conduct the 'HarGharNal se Jal' campaign for every household.
Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District, Jagpal Singh Dhanoa, in a statement, said that police have received a tip that there is a drug dealer named Rofique. Police have arrested Uddin Ahmed, driver of a Nightsuper bus (AS-01-FC-7788), who was carrying drugs on the NH-6 near Khliehriat Police Station.
During the search of a Night Super number AS01-JC-1300 at 2.30 pm, police arrested two persons suspected to be members of ZUF. The arrested were Raitu Chawang, 66, Chairman of ZUF and Gengchung Pou Namthuiyang, 43, Secretary.
The Minister said that the assistance given by the central government to the garment manufacturers is directly from the central government to the owners of the garment manufacturers. Direct Benefit Transfer” known as DBT, was done to address the problems of the middle class.
Donbok said that according to the information received by the party, there are about 19 vacancies since 2019, of which 16 posts have been filled and 10 posts have been filled. Two posts have been appointed for the Khasi-Jaintia and four for the Garo. The remaining two posts have been allocated for the Garo. retired from office.
The district authorities have also banned the writing of any insulting articles that could cause ethnic hatred.
Shillong, March 01: The RCLP and UP School, Laitdiengsai today held a Parents' Day Celebration 2018 as part of the Parents' Day Celebration close to a more perfect collaboration between the school authorities and the students’ parents.
Police have arrested the two persons and a warrant to find out the truth.
In his speech, he also stressed the spirit of cooperation and they should have the spirit of leadership and be obedient in order to achieve the goal.
He said that there is no doubt that the Congress party will win again from Mawsynram Constituency in the 2018 MLA Election.
“We urge the shopkeepers and residents of the village not to open shops or go to work on that day but to come together from early morning to burn the Rangbah. Emmon Chyrmang President KSU Jalaphet Unit said that the KSU Jalaphet Unit has decided to hold a meeting with the KSU Jalaphet Unit.
Bah Kitborsing Lyngdoh, General Secretary SSSS, SWKHD also gave an explanation on how to take care of the environment. The Union also urged the teachers and students to take good care of these trees. bought by the Union from the Government Forest Department to grow up and become role models for them, the school and to receive the blessings of God when they return to save the environment.
JCI President Soni Bhoot and Harish Jhunjhunwala also delivered speeches on the occasion and suggested the use of plastic items in everyday life.
The standard sets out the responsibilities of reviewers and review authorities.
The AJYWO also prays to God that through this Behdeiñkhlam of the children of Seiñ Raij Tuber, he will bless all the children of Ri Seiñ Raij Tuber and Ri Jaintia to receive a healthy body and also to grow in all aspects.
There have been 974 recoveries in East Khasi Hills, 530 recoveries and 27130 recoveries.
It is learned that after a complaint from the village authorities, MeECL has come to inspect the transformer, but it is not known why the transformer has not been installed. The transformer is not repaired.
Shillong, Nailur 10: Unidentified persons today poured petrol on a bus ML05 A 8518 while it was parked near Nongmynsong market. the police.
He said that the consumption of milk in Meghalaya is only 83 grams while in the country as a whole it is 200 grams.
Speaking at the meeting, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, AT Mandal, said that journalists have a great role to play in shaping the minds of the people.
According to reports received from the Head Quarters of all the Districts, the people have flocked to the celebration of Laitluit Day. the three-colored flag of the Ri.
Shillong, Iaiong 17: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare under the leadership of Secretary Ram Kumar has conducted a five-day inspection of the facilities of health facilities in different districts of the state. 11 to June 15, 2023.
The Forest Department, which is in charge of the Nan Polo through the Social Forest Try, has not yet shown any signs of improving the bridge. color synjor.
Commission's Assessment: Like the other nine states in the North East, Meghalaya also suffers from its distance from the main parts of the country.
On the other hand, the Minister said that he will take personal responsibility to ensure that this work is completed.
Shillong, July 30: For the earth and all that is in it belong to the Lord” were the themes of the first meeting of the Union of Catholic Women's Organizations Shillong Archdiocese Zone II held on the 28th. and 29th July at the Cathedral Parish Laitumkhrah, At this first meeting of the Union of Catholic Women's Organizations, a special discussion was held on the subject of nature based on Scripture 10: Kor, 26 How God is Lord of all.
However, they should also be great people of the society who have a strong mindset in all aspects, and to be the leaders in the district council not so that we can build and implement schemes but to Create ways and means to protect the nation and strengthen the system of Hima, Shnong and Raid.
Wahsynon, who won the tournament, will face Umkremdykhong for the title, while Friend United, who lost, will take the fourth title.
Regarding this, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare will have to investigate whether the disease came from inside the hospital or from inside the hospital. enter this place from outside.
In the three constituencies, East Garo Hills has 79.60 percent.
The purpose of this exhibition is to encourage pesticide-free farming.
Not only that, the party has also found that the leading leaders of the district have not taken full responsibility for the youth of the district although they have been able to bring glory to the district for the first time after becoming the winner. in the Under 14 State Level Football Tournament organized by the Meghalaya Football Association in January this year.
On the other hand, Bah P Marwein, spokesperson of HPDSO, said that the office alone cannot be improved for the people. Khasi Hills District.
The Hon’ble Governor said that mother is the nurturer and custodian of their children and families.
Speaking to reporters on the preparations for the 10North East Zone Shooting Championship 2023, which will start on the 20th and end on the 27th of this month in Shillong, he said. At present, the state does not have such a shooting range.
He praised the number of students who took part in the program and said that they are the children and youth who are the strength of the state.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah also informed that the Regional Committees will start working to find ways and means to resolve the border disputes.
It cannot be said that startups are the driving force behind the world's economic growth because of their ability to quickly introduce innovative solutions.
He said there is no impact on the health of the people when they are exposed to the radiation from the mobile towers.
All the passes issued to transport jhur from Assam to Assam have been canceled immediately. Vehicles traveling between one district to another within the state have also been banned.
The three conditions are that foreigners must have permission, those who enter without permission must be arrested and punished according to the law, and one is to change the Meghalaya Land. Transfer Act where foreigners cannot buy land.
We also urge the youth of the area to work hard because education is one of the strongest powers to support you, your family and especially the country and the nation.
Police said the name was released from the office of the Superintendent of Police.
The death toll from COVID-19 in the state has risen to
Shillong, March 18: The office of the Commissioner in charge of Revenue Department of Meghalaya has informed the public that the relief centers within the department will be open even on public holidays. for Puja and Deepawali.
Shillong, November 11: The Jaiaw Laitdom Dorbar Shnong will hold a cleanliness drive on the 18th of this month.
The order said that the Special Judge did not appreciate the request of the accused that he has nothing to do with the HNLC. and delay in responding to the request and according to the complainant, there is a delay of up to 114 days in filing an appeal.
At present, those present at the site are working with the SMB personnel during the distribution of information.
He praised the contribution of doctors, nurses, health workers, ambulance drivers, ASHA workers, cleaners, police and other people in the hospitals. is not fighting this epidemic who have put their lives on the line to protect others.
He said that it is not necessary to bring about a rule like Syiem Mraw by hurting and hurting the hearts of thousands of children of the Hima by trying to use force and also to show power without respecting the dignity of the people. u crowd paid.
Police suspect that these four persons were the ones who distributed the demand letters of the GNLA to the traders in Tura.
Shillong, Naitung 19: There are 74 new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 22 in North Garo Hills, 12 in Ri Bhoi and 1 in South Garo Hills. West Garo Hills 1, West Garo Hills 34 cases, 18 cases have been confirmed today.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) War Jaintia Council has submitted a petition to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh to demand the government to upgrade and repair the Primary Health Service. The State Dispensary at Padu and the Community Health Center (CHC) at Nongtalang village under Amlarem Civil Sub. -division.
Mebanrilang’s journey began with humble practice sessions with friends, documented and shared on platforms like Instagram.
Your division and use of policy against our country is something you will have to pay with a price.
By doing so, companies have been able to acquire a lot of land like Lafarge in Shella and many other companies in Jaintia Hills.
“Therefore, the HNYF Central Body should be punished for violating the rules and regulations and also for cheating and deceiving the law enforcement authorities,” said Bah KS Rani Vice President of the HNYF Central Body.
Therefore, many of the youths engage in drug trafficking because there is no opportunity to create jobs.
Referring to the peace and order in the state, the Chief Minister said that in 2019, the state has achieved peace and order in which all the activities have been held in a proper manner.
SHILLONG, July 8: As the MDC election approaches, the supporters of their candidates are urged to work hard with the aim of bringing them to the goal of victory. and also in Mawhati Constituency for Bah James Sylliang.
When the plates were opened, it was found that there were 74 Dkars inside the train. When investigated, it was found that these Dkars were loaded from Silcahr to Guwahati. Two persons were arrested in the incident.
Shillong, July 24: The Deputy Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Gigur Myrthong today introduced the Budget for the year 2020 in the House. 2021 less than T.50,910/- on the first day of the three-day budget session.
Nongtraw Publicity Secretary Bah Sainkupar said that the HNLC has not been formed by the government.
New groups and others involved in this work.
It is learned that perhaps the reason for these actions is to seek information through RTI regarding the implementation of MGNREGS schemes in the village which has amounted to T.32 lakh. The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has sent an inquiry.
To confirm this, Batesi TV spoke by telephone to the Principal of the school, Babu Remi Nongrang. he is on his way to CHC and still cannot explain anything.
Shillong, July 10: Unidentified persons today detonated a petrol bomb in a Bolero registered AS-01-FC-9068 belonging to M/s Writer Safeguard Company Private Limited. Go to deposit money at SBI ATMs.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The Khan Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) has vowed to intensify its protests in the coming months if the state government delays in issuing the appointment letters to the rightful jugali. right to a job.
At the same time, he said that in the past, the employees also had leaders in the Managing Committee but now there are no more. They don't want to go to the media because of their domestic work but now they don't have the opportunity to go out in public.
There have been 129 recoveries today, bringing the total number of recoveries to 16086 in the state.
The death toll has risen to 1559 from South West Garo Hills, 116 from East Khasi Hills and 97 from East Khasi Hills. West Garo Hills 7, West Jaintia Hills 4, Ri Bhoi 3, South Garo Hills 3, North Garo Hills 1, Eastern West Khasi Hills
Arun Goel, who completed his M.Sc.
The Secretary, Commerce, Sunil Barthwalu has urged the schools to have linkages with the District Industrial Centers (DICs) to empower them to strengthen their activities such as One District One Product, Districts as Export. Hubs and others.
The resignation letter was sent to the general secretary of the AICC through the MPCC office and he said that he has been in the party for about 33 years.
On this occasion, Mr. Nehimaya Tyngkan himself visited the area to help work with the people, in the presence of the Waheh Shnongs and Secretary Shnongs of all the villages under the Iooksi Pyllun.
“I cannot explain in detail on this issue as I don't have enough information but at this time I can only explain why the NPP supporters stand on one side with the MDA 2.0 Government under the leadership. of our Prime Minister," she added.
In this regard, 28 farmers have come forward to register their land to benefit from this scheme where they will benefit per annum not less than T.15 thousand besides the products. rep that they got to market.
"“If my son doesn't speak, they (the police) will break the door.
In connection with this incident, the Police have conducted an investigation to find out the truth.
The surprising thing is that the Dorbar Shnong has not issued a syrnot but the question is how those who live in this area get the ballot papers. They demand that their ballot papers be removed and when they see such things, the party cannot just watch.
On the second day, officers of the Central Bureau of Communication from five states of the North East explained the challenges they face in carrying out information activities to the public in their respective zones. .
On the other hand, the Principal replied that the main reason for the delay in the construction of the school building is due to the renewal of the budget from the CPWD. Construction of JNV school building in Mawsynram.
“He was one of the great missionaries that God sent specially to this part of our country.
As the party they have worked hard and gone around the constituency to explain to the people and now they have given their support to the party and the people want change and this is only the beginning of change.
The KSU once again demands that besides the demand for ILP, Article 371, the empowerment of District Councils, the Cut-off Date for the registration of citizens of Meghalaya should be Those who came from East Pakistan/Bangladesh after this date should be deported to Bangladesh.
The meeting was conducted by Bah John F Kharshiing in the presence of other members and government officials.
The BGB, after receiving a complaint from the BSF, searched for them and arrested them and repatriated them to India today.
According to a statement sent by the BSF, Commandant Tyagi collapsed while searching on the morning of 18.11.2019 at 7 pm.
The Government Notice will be issued on 30.07.2018 , the deadline for filing nominations will be on 06.08.2018 , the scrutiny of nomination papers will be on The contest will be held on 09.08.2018, and the date of filing of nominations will be on 29.08.2018.
Shillong, Nailur 02: Before the curfew, the civil society groups demanded that the government should implement the Inner Line Permit in the state. .
On the other hand, the FKJGP-EJH would like to suggest to the state government to forget about the railway line and improve the existing roads and bridges which have been badly damaged. The union has already informed dozens of times through various letters but most of the time the government does not listen and the district authorities do not take action.
In this incident, a two month old child died recently. Police have arrested the driver of the bus and are now sending him to the CHC for testing.
In a raid at Lawmali, at 9:30 pm, HYC members arrested 15 drug dealers and drug users.
The conference will be conducted in such a way that there will be seven themes dealing with all the activities related to cooperatives, and also dealing with all aspects of their operation and management: The existing laws, the recognition of the rules, focus on the activities and measures needed to address these, which will lead to greater ease of operation and open up opportunities for all cooperatives and other groups. related to the economy.
If he is the honorable CM of our people, he should immediately release those youths who have been arrested because they are like his own children. Ency W Shadap, president of the party, said in a statement.
The injured include Class II, Class III and Class IV students. The school rushed them to Nazareth Hospital for treatment.
Shillong, July 23: The Mawlai Cleaner Association in collaboration with the NYK on Saturday morning conducted a training for the children and youth of Mawlai village on how to be healthy through physical activity. Yoga) , this is the first time that Mawlai has been able to conduct YOGA, and this training was held at the Indoor Stadium Mawlai Mawdatbaki.
Most of the MLAs took oath in the name of God and only a few took oath in the name of God.
Answering a question by Dr Jemino Mawthoh on the increase in light bill, the Minister of Electricity, Bah Sngewbhalang Dhar said that the light bill has been paid according to the the employment of people.
One of them is Nangroi Lynshiang who serves in the army and Balakyntiew Suting who has completed her MA (Sociology) among others.
This area will become a source of employment for many of the residents of Ialong.
Shillong, November 21 : The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) through its Education Cell has received a complaint from the students of the state who will sit for the CSIR NET exam 2023 to be held on the 26th, 27th and 28th of this month. November 2023, those who have to go outside the state to Jorhat and Dibrugarh.
NEHUSU and KSU will take up this issue at the Academic Council on 20th March and in this regard, NEHUSU and KSU have made it clear that they will not hesitate to lead. incorrect or altered announcement of the university regarding the weightage.
Mutual understanding and responses that will build for the benefit and good of many churches are needed.
Shillong, Nailur 17: The Seng Samla Seng Khasi Seng Kmie, a religious group of Khasi youth who are still holding on to their traditional religion among the Khasi people, is pleased to announce that Seng Khasi and Seiñ Raij branches around the Bri u Hynniew Trep and Hynniew Skum to open the Seng Year 2018 Festival which will start on the 18th November, 2018 at Lympug Weiking Jaiaw from 11 am. good morning.
Not all people infected with the virus will develop TB, but the risk of developing the disease depends on lifestyle and access to healthcare.
The Meghalaya State Unit of the BJP has also sent the same petition to the Chief Minister Cornad K Sangma. North East Meghalaya was the first state to oppose the Bill.
Shillong, June 18 : UDP Parliamentary Party (PP) Leader Teinwell Dkhar on Tuesday said that before sending a letter of support from the People's Democratic Forum (PDF), they will meet with the party. MDC of the party.
On the other hand, the CEO said that the Election Department has already talked to the political parties regarding the news of the payment of money. There is no difference in the announcement because it is known where it comes from, but if it is written secretly in the form of a message to attract voters, it is illegal.
Shillong, November 09: A fire broke out in Bishnapur Market this morning and about 15 shops were damaged and the loss amounted to tens of lakhs of rupees.
At this time of development, the Central Government is walking with you as a friend and servant," said Prime Minister Duh.
Police have seized a truck number NL 01-AH-5853 from the Four Lane Road in Lad Umsaw.
Opening the opening ceremony as the chief guest, Queen Oja, MP, LokSabhaha, in her speech, said that we should all remember the struggle and sacrifices of the freedom fighters.
The four Bangladeshis arrested with the cow are Noor Islam, Abdul Kalam, Shwel Ahmed, Kamal Miya, all from Bangladesh and Samiwell Lyngdoh from Mutakpur.
However, the traders are still in the market for rice, Atta, Moida and Suji as there is no clear explanation between branded and non-branded rice, as well as Atta. , Suji is one of the most beautiful countries in the state of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: The BSF troops in Jaintia Hills have distributed medicines at Byndihat village in East Jaintia Hills where more than 660 people have received assistance from the troops.
On the other hand, MSSASA has been demanding from time to time and the leaders have also met with the management of NIOS but till now they have not done anything to resolve this issue. This training center has made a mistake.
According to Bah Wahlang through RTI, the cost of rebuilding and repairing the office of the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly in Khyndailad amounted to 3,67,30,855 tyngka in
Referring to the teachers, he said that the state has up to 50,000 teachers and the government has taken over this and turning to the SSAs, he said that this is a scheme of the central government. 10%, which the government has already paid even though it has not received the money from the central government.
More than T.51 lakh was also seized from these groups.
“Through this scheme, the State Government provides financial assistance of up to half the price of the vehicle at a cost of Rs 6 crore.
They also expressed their gratitude to those officials from the Seng Khasi Departments, cities and towns who came to join hands with us and gave their body and soul without hesitation to hold the Shad Suk Mynsiem. ours in all these three days, which went smoothly, orderly, peaceful and peaceful.
(NEDFi), T.25 crore from the Small Industries Development Bank of India (SIDBI) and T.45 crore from the Development of North Eastern Region (MDoNER).
On the occasion, it was also discussed how to renovate and repair the police stations across the state has started implementation as the government has already prepared.
The District Council Courts of the Courts shall consist of specially trained judges and recognized as judges appointed by the Executive Committee with the approval of the Governor of the State within the United Khasi-Jaintia Hills District ( The Administration of Justice Rules, 1953, which provided for three categories of courts, the Village Courts, the Subordinate District Courts and the District Council Courts.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today met with Union Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kaushal Kishor, Minister of State for Housing and Development in Delhi.
Up to 32 teams from Ri Khasi Hills have participated in this tournament. 21 from East Khasi Hills, 6 from West Jaintia Hills, 1 from West Khasi Hills, 1 from South West Khasi Hills, and Eastern West Khasi Hills.
He urged vigilance against attempts to undermine India's glory and 'introductions of myths from time to time about India,' adding, “The time has come for us to Adequate response to those who spread anti-India stories.
According to the information of the union, this teacher training center has not been working yet and if there is a fire in the houses that have already been destroyed, who will take responsibility?
Most of the cases have been confirmed positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District.
In recognition of his sacrifice, the HNLC has declared this day as the Martyrs' Day of the party, said Bah Nongtraw.
Shillong, March 19: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Titosstarwell Chyne today announced that the public notice ban on the use of plastic bags in all the markets under its jurisdiction has been renewed. Speaking to reporters, Titosstarwell said that the employees of the KHADC Enforcement Department will conduct inspections around the market especially in the market to ensure that plastic bags should not be used in the market. that hat.
Meghalaya Chief Minister Cornad K Sangma and Mizoram Chief Minister Zoramthanga had a detailed discussion with the Union Home Minister on the CAB. This Bill will cause unrest among the people of the North East.
the spirit of struggle not to fall behind.
Unfortunately, the PHC was unable to treat him there due to lack of medicines. For treatment of typhoid fever, he was taken to Ichamati CHC, which is about 13-15kms away. The HYC will not accept Ichamati CHC as the First Referral Unit (FRU) from the adjoining PHCs. Thousands of people have been infected with the disease, there is no treatment facility for typhoid fever and this has caused problems to those who get this disease, it can also lead to the loss of lives. they are not worthy of this disease.
Shillong, July 09: The session of the Fifth Session of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly in the last five years has been 118 days since the beginning of the session on 11th October long on November 14, 2012.
The committee will study carefully and recommend how to improve the Sixth Scheduled by giving recommendations to the Select Committee of the Central Government as the amendment to the Sixth Schedule has been brought in the Rajya Sabha and It was sent back to the Select Committee for consideration.
The celebration was held at the Secretariat under the leadership of Chief Secretary RV Suchiang in the presence of officers from various government departments of the state.
The Dorbar of Chiefs of Hynniewtrep invites all the children of the Dorbar Shnong, Raid to Hima to attend the Fourth Dorbar Ri which will be held from 10 AM to 3PM on the 13th February
His film, titled Ma.
General Dwivedi has a clear understanding of modern weapons and the goal of the current Chief of Army Staff is to ensure the safety and special assistance to the troops. and the soldiers who took part in many battles.
“The aim of this program is to include people with disabilities by allowing them to showcase their talents and abilities,” said Kong Warshong.
Sima Lama, 35, was taken to Shillong Civil Hospital.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, announced that a State Level Committee will be set up in the state.
In connection with this incident, police have arrested the owner of the coal mine, Bah Kiroi Shyrmang. u para, at the time of writing of this news, the district authorities are still looking for information to find out how many people have lost their lives in this tragic incident.
The gold medal winners were Ram Lanong, Lakhon Lanong, Lorenia Mawlong, Wandahunshisha Mawblei and Banylla Shallam.
Many of the doctors said that this demand has shocked even other doctors in Garo Hills, the purpose of the doctors is to provide services to the people.
At present, the bill light has reached all the households.
“Due to the lack of these studies, 64 percent of the funds allocated under NCAP have been used exclusively for the reduction of harmful pollutants and equipment such as smoke guns. "It shows that there has been no full implementation of the public money," he added.
The other seven areas which are still in the middle of the border dispute to be resolved in the second phase are Langpih, Borduar, Nongwah-Mawtamur, Desh Doomreah, Block 1 & Block II and Psiar-Khanduli.
The Prime Minister said that this part of the RozgarMela takes place at a time when the country is full of pride and confidence.
To help the people of Khlieh Umwang village on Saturday, the KSU North Khasi Hills Unit visited Khlieh Umwang village in the country. Bhoi District to donate tin sop houses for the repair of the school which has been destroyed.
Tariang Village A: Mr. B. Makdoh (Village Chairman) and Mr. D. Shangpliang (Secretary).
The Congress government under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma has done what to these illegal immigrants who come from abroad to plunder the natural and land resources of the indigenous people.
Various departments of the KSU on the 31st October 2024 have left to declare a holiday for the banks and others which operate on this day which is the holy day of the Christians especially Easter Sunday which is usually know everything everything.
The project involves 684 beneficiaries and will create employment opportunities for 3,250 people per annum.
The purpose of the meeting was to explain to the Rangbah Shnongs regarding the MRSSA Act which the government will now implement throughout the state.
Shillong, July 21: The Superintending Engineer of the Water Supply Department in charge of Greater Shillong Circle, Shillong has said that the water pipes supplying water to Lumparing, Laitumkhrah, Malki and Nongthymmai have been damaged. they didn't send water to these places.
This is a great victory.
Donate your time, energy, resources and knowledge for the economic development of the state.
The celestial body will start at 4.30 pm and end at 6.30 pm. This celestial body can be seen as a bright light in the east.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur 22: The District Medical and Health Officer, Mawkyrwat and the Civil Hospital, Mawkyrwat in collaboration with the National Prevention of Blindness and Visual Impairment, Meghalaya will hold a eye treatment for the treatment of people with eye diseases over 50 years of age.
Shillong, Naitung 27: The BJP in Delhi today directed the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma to replace Alexander Laloo Hek and Sanbor Shullai in the MDA Cabinet. it will be 4.00 pm.
At the same time, he asked whether if the issue of Them Metor is treated in such a way that it will become an issue of discussion in the election, it will become a topic of discussion in the MLA elections this year. 2023.
The BFI is preparing to hold a training program next year in preparation for the Paris Olympics 2024, so this tournament is important for the athletes.
On this day there were many games and musical performances to celebrate this day.
Religious leaders came together to celebrate that religion should not be involved in politics and the motto, "Join hands"
“She said that Self Help Groups (SHGs) are a success story in Meghalaya and the government is trying to bring about the same success stories in the field of tourism through various programmes. e-bus and buggy.
On the other hand, the new Speaker of the House said that during the tenure of CEM, Bah HS Shylla, he did not eat kwai at the door of God and during the tenure of Speaker, Telinia Thangkhiew, it was accepted in the House to change the AD. Rule which was sent to the governor for approval.
The increase in cybercrime in recent times has made it very important to protect our networks from theft, hacking and other cybercrimes.
Shillong, Naitung 10: There are 485 new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 161 in East Khasi Hills and 4363 in critical condition. after.
However, during the inspection, the union recently found that the promises of the DC have not been fulfilled.
In 2018, while the State Government was looking for ways to promote the production of Lakadong Turmeric in Laskein Block, Kong Saioo led the request to the State Government to launch the Lakadong Turmeric Mission. ' with the aim of increasing the production of this shynrai.
Other speakers on the occasion were Bah Batskhem Ryntathiag MDC, Bah CVD Diengdoh Director Tourism, Bah A.Nongbri SDO Mairang Civil Sub Division. There were also Hima Ministers and officers from Mairang Civil Sub Division.
There are 32 elderly people in this shelter which is looked after by the sisters of the Catholic Church.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: Unidentified persons have stolen a government vehicle parked at the residence of the employees at Raj Bhavan Shillong this morning.
The KSU feels that it will continue to help in the fight against the corona virus.
“The arrested person (Khasi boy) is my friend and he is not involved in shooting me,” he said.
Furthermore, in Madhya Pradesh (Harda and Mandsaur Districts) and Chhattisgarh (Balod District), RRTs have been deployed to slaughter chickens within 1 km of the outbreak areas. chickens.
Shillong, June 08: Six months after being sworn in as the new MLA of Mawsynram constituency, Bah Himalaya Shangpliang on Saturday handed over an ambulance for the people of Mawsynram constituency. the border area of ​​Ryngku.
On this day, they will also set up an information center on conscription.
There were 40 MLAs who attended the meeting under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma, while the President, Charles Pyngrope and Himalaya Shangpliang did not attend the meeting. hala that of your work.
CSWO president Agnes Kharshiing being produced before the court at Shillong on 26-03-13.
Tura, Iaiong 04: Under the jurisdiction of the Election Commission, there is a program known as SVEEP, which is to educate the people to come out and cast their votes without taking anything. neither money nor alcohol.
In the complaint, the former AIG said that the Inquiry Committee appointed on 18th November, 2022, in its report in Para 1 of page 3, stated: “One vehicle The Verna was installed at the Central Workshop and was registered with the AIG-A.
“Although the CAA, 2019 has been released for implementation in the tribal areas of the state, in fact the entire state of Meghalaya does not fall under the Article 10 of the Constitution of India.
This marks the end of the one-day online celebration of Azadi Ka Amrit Mohotsav.
Louis said the protests will continue on the 7th and if the government continues to act, the party will continue to intensify the protests in the coming days.
In this regard, the union cannot remain silent on this issue and urges through the Deputy Commissioners to take action to provide food items or money as well if there is a lat because there are many. They are households that do not have ration cards.
The MLA has brought up to 4000 seedlings of sohmrit and hundreds of farmers have received this assistance from the MLA. soh u pai along with other crops and through the cultivation of sohmrit will help more and more farmers.
Police have arrested him and charged him under the NDPS Act.
New Delhi, Nailar 25: To build a new India, young people should take part in politics, said the Minister in charge of DoNER Ministries at the Youth Parliament organized by Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya. Basohli at Kathua in Jammu and Kashmir where MLA Jewan Lal Lalhal was also present.
The Dorbar Shnong Umkiang, will urge the public to take strong action against foreigners if this continues to happen to the indigenous people according to the law.
Because the Aadhaar Cards are not available, the office has not returned them, they have been kept at the office and those who have registered can collect them from the post office.
The IBSWO urges the Standing Committee to accept the proposal of the party to bring political parties under the RTI Act.
Although the government has already decided to purchase these land in the area, the villagers of 20 villages have stood firmly against this plan of the government. The reason is that most of the land is agricultural land.
At the time of writing, 247 households have been evacuated and the number of evacuees will continue to increase as the water level is still rising.
He said that the cost of the work has been increased to T.23 crore, but to attract companies to come and work on the bridge, the Road Construction Department of the Central Government has decided to award The contractors will do the design themselves and once received, the price will be set.
At this time of crisis , it is necessary for everyone , especially those who are rich , to join hands with the government authorities to fight to improve income so that the economy can stand up again and we shall be able to carry out all activities in an orderly manner for the safety and security of all the residents.
The fire started from Sohbir on Friday and it was not until Tuesday morning at 11:30 pm that the fire started spreading to the village. which forced the people to leave their homes to put out the fire.
Through this, the airport will be able to serve 2.6 million people flying abroad and 11 million those flying domestically.
Shillong, Lber 10: Replying to a question by Bah Carnes Sohshang, EM in charge of Market Department, KHADC, Grace Mary Kharpuri said that the turnover of all the markets is T.4 lakh. of June 2022.
To curb the violence in these areas, the army has been deployed along with the police to patrol.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Lomdarwell Rangdong, Sordar Shnong Wahmawlein. There was also a special song by Bah Blester Kshiar. Secretary of Wahmawlein Village, Bah Rapborlang Kshiar who gave a speech on behalf of the Sports Club, Bah P. Suting, Overseer KHADC and Bah Markson Suting, Asst.
On this allegation, Bah PN Syiem said that if there is a need on the part of the Shnongknor of the House, he will repeal these rules under rule 73(2), and the Symbut CEM said that there is a need. to amend the AD Rule to clarify.
He also laid the foundation stone of the Assam Advanced Health Care Innovation Institute (AAHII) and launched the AapkeDwarAyushman campaign by distributing Ayushman Bharat Prime Minister Jan Arogya Yojana (AB-PMJAY) cards to those who deserve them.
The HNLC has urged the people to understand the position of the HNLC through this celebration of the 25th Anniversary of the death of Pa'iem Wickliff Sing Syiem. give cooperation with the organization.
Speech was delivered by the Minister of Village, Bah Bloswell Lyngkhoi.
He said that as the Speaker of the Lok Sabha will arrive in Delhi tomorrow morning, the time when the Chief Minister will meet him to hand over his resignation letter has not been confirmed yet.
The Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation 1873, popularly known as the Inner Line Permit (ILP), has been implemented to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners into these areas. The Government has agreed to take a decision on 19th November 2019 to implement the ILP in Meghalaya and this is still being considered by the Ministry of Home Affairs.
“By planting multiple varieties of vegetables, we continue farming throughout the different seasons of the year," he said.
The two machines named by the union are Chains and Exebetor. The two machines named by the union are Chains and Exebetor.
In the second round, JP Singh and Hinador Lyngdoh won the title, D Marak and Dipak Thapa came second and Isaac Marak and Isaac Marak came third. Skhen Drums.
In an effort to improve digital education, we have distributed about 26,000 Digital Tablets to school children for the year 2021-22,” he said.
The Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem PM Syiemlieh was the chief guest in the presence of the Deputy Commissioner, Bah W. Nongsiej, Superintendent of Police, Bah W. Nongsiej, Superintendent of Police, District. Bah MB Syiem, officers and employees of various government departments, village leaders of the area, members of SHGs and others.
With this government announcement, the demand of the KSU has been fulfilled that from now on it will be known as “Ka phan Nonglait Park”. Wilderness war.
Jowai, November 09: Ka Kong A.Dkhar, resident of Khliehtyrchi village, has lodged a complaint against Bah Kitbok Rymbai, Rangbah Shnong of Khliehtyrchi village at Ummulong Beat House on the 12th of last month.
Under this, the Cooperative Department has promoted the activities of cooperatives and through 56 cooperatives, the Cooperative Department has brought wealth to the poor.
When asked whether he still wants to contest the MP election, Paul said that the job he holds as MLA and MDC of the district council is too heavy. Regarding the issue of ASHAs, the Spokesperson of the State Government, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said that the Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare, Ampareen Lyngdoh has done its best and taken good care of the ASHA workers of the state.
In his speech, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui congratulated the Round Table, Shillong for doing this work. At the same time, he urged other civil society organizations to follow suit. example.
On this occasion, the police of the Hima Mylliem have driven out the residents of the square and many of them have complied with the curfew of the police in the Hima Mylliem, but there are those who have fought against it. to inform the District Administration.
He also directed the officers to report on the incident, which also claimed the lives of one person.
He said that the boundary arrangement should be such that the Khasi villages themselves should fall under Meghalaya so that the idea of ​​a Hill State can be complete, complete and successful.
The union has also asked Prestone Tynsong, Minister in charge of PWD, to help in the maintenance of the road from Liarbang via Mawlasnai to Nartiang.
The demand to upgrade the Mariang Civil Sub-Division to a district under West Khasi Hills District has been going on since the time of former MLA Kitdor Syiem. it lasts until now.
“We will not accept any kind of syrnot from our side,” said the CEM. He said that regarding the customs and traditions of the non-Khasi people, the KHADC has nothing to challenge while The village council shall not be registered by the Society under the Society Act.
On this day, thousands of people flocked around the venues of the Cherry Blossom Festival.
In the same way, the sculptures have revealed the original snaps and fragments of ancient sculpture from various parts.
New Delhi, Naitung 12: The Union Cabinet today under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi has decided to increase the retirement age of doctors in the armed forces from years to 65 years, this decision also includes the Assam Riffle.
Shillong, Naitung 06: U Bah Metbah Lyngdoh MLA of Mariang and Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya today expressed his gratitude to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma for announcing the promotion of Mairang Civil Sub Division has been appointed as a new district.
Other speakers at the meeting were SDO Civil of Mairang, FM Lakiang, G Rani, District and Sessions Judge, West Khasi Hills.
The funeral service will be held on the 30th June 2014 at 3 pm from Mawlai Motsyiar Block C at the Presbyterian Church Phudmuri Mawlai Shillong.
The total number of cases in the districts is 15 cases in East Garo Hills, 3 in East Jaintia Hills, 4 in East Khasi Hills, 1 in North Garo Hills, 2 in West Garo Hills and 2 in West Khasi Hills.
Speaking at the World TB Day 2024 event, Ramkumar S said that in Meghalaya, the testing rate has not reached 90% as targeted. it has reached only 82% to date.
New Delhi, November 12: The Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment of the Union Government will launch the National Helpline Against Atrocities (NHAA) on November 13, 2021 with the aim of ensuring the proper implementation of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes. The Prevention of Atrocities Act, 1989 was implemented with the aim of protecting the Scheduled Caste (SC) and Scheduled Tribe (ST) communities from discrimination.
He said that such special training in the state will be limited to
The purpose of this drawing competition is to educate the public on how to conserve water which is the most important resource for mankind.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the CEM of KHADC, Bah Nongrum said that these land owners who received the pata from the Syiem Raid who came today have met with the CEM of KHADC. The CEM of KHADC has urged the Syiem Riad to take action against the allocation of two or three plots of land for the same land by Syiem Riad.
The tournament will be held at the Assam Regional Centre, Happy Valley under the auspices of the National Riffles Association of India with the support of the Sports Department of the State Government.
According to information received by SP News Agency, during the time when India was under British rule, it had the house of the Governor of Assam and after the independence of India. this house has been left without anyone to use it.
They appealed to the government not to discriminate against the youth and to give them the rights they deserve.
Although there are shortcomings, from the Chief Secretary, officers to Deputy Commissioners to the people who are on the ground to work have done their job, the Prime Minister paid tribute to them all.
This has also led to the discouragement of the paradoh parasnam living in the border areas, the illegal entry of foreigners into the Bri Hynniewtrep from time to time without any restrictions through the law. do not try to block the road.
Shillong, Lber 15: The Additional Director General (ADG) of the Eastern Command of the Border Security Force (BSF), u.
He said the HNLC has informed the Government that any information from the Government should go through the ksiang appointed by the HNLC, Bah Sadon Blah, who is also the President of the Hynniewtrep National. Youth Front (HNYF).
All of whom voted from home.
Police said that the incident happened on Tuesday night and police rushed to the scene to take action according to the law.
The Joint Executive Committee (JPK) of the Seng Khasi Kmie, held on the 7th of this month, discussed the release of a recent video on the topic 'Is the Khasi people the 'Na Rympei U Hynniewtrep' on his YouTube Channel.
Currently, India has the 5th largest economy.
In its report, the committee noted that the signing of the soskular to take over the land by the State Government and the Municipal Board from the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and the preparations have started and signed. the social.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Robert Kharjahrin President of the party said that the people should understand the difference between the NRC and the ILP. long to protect the authorities who enter the state.
“If the Government of India takes action but if our MPs don't take action, how can Parliament approve these demands of the people?
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) Sengkmie led by Samla Garry Myrboh on Tuesday at about 9:00 pm raided the shops. ha market after receiving a complaint from the residents that the authorities of the office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima have not taken action regarding the order issued by them that no one will be allowed to stay in the market. shop in Judah.
He said that the Council has decided to identify several areas for the implementation of the Pilot Project by setting up RRCs. garbage collected from residents’ household corners to separate rotting and non-rotting waste.
Speaking to reporters, he said that by taking this decision, the government has to spend more than T.100 crore per annum, a total of T.212 crore. the government will have to spend Rs 312 crore per annum.
The health center was opened with the aim of improving the health and hygiene of girls and boys.
The Chief Minister said that in the next five years, up to 50,000 people will set up their own businesses and these will become employers in many ways. It has already supported 1155 youths to set up their own businesses.
The meeting was held to demand that the government should recognize this road as a National Highway from Lad Mawreng to Ranikor which passes through Mawkyrwat. Mawsynram MLA Himalaya Shangpliang has submitted a scheme to the Central Government.
During the meeting, Bah M Kharkrang said that it is true that the Chairman has resigned today and the office is still reviewing the rules and regulations. what has happened in the past when such incidents have happened inside the office.
In a statement today, the Army said that the youth should be vigilant against those who take advantage of them to employ them by asking for money. it is recommended that they be notified immediately.
KHNAM said that as it has been seen that the registration without biometric camps is free without any rules to prevent illegals, even those who apply online, this will make it easier for them. The Government's statement that the registration will be free for all citizens and non-citizens so that the Government of India can recognize who is the owner of the village and who is the foreigner. It is unfortunate, because if the state government cannot recognize which of those in the state are citizens and which are not.
Shillong, Iaiong 11: Police of Ri Bhoi District have worked hard not only to patrol, but also to ensure the safety of truck drivers who have not been able to return to their villages due to the curfew.
Police have registered a complaint with the Sardar police station, as the incident has to be investigated and the police have not informed the media because of the incident. ei ei the life of this one who has been taken away.
She is the daughter of James Basaiawmoit and Wansimon Basanshrieh and the wife of Leadingwell Khyriem.
Shillong, Nailar 15: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today said that the government is deeply concerned about the violence against women and children and the government has taken all measures to fight against it. to this.
Shillong, July 26: The Central Executive Committee (CEC) today discussed the candidates of the party for the MDC election 2019 from the two constituencies, 18th Mawkhar-Pynthorumkhrah Constituency and 19th Mawkhar-Pynthorumkhrah Constituency. Jaiaw Constituency.
She said she is still waiting for the ticket.
The film is produced by VCM Entertainment Pvt Ltd.
Also present on the occasion were CEM of GHADC Bostone Marak, Sports and Youth Affairs Minister Zenith Sangma, Government Chief Whip WD Sangma and Chairperson, Meghalaya Resource and Employment Generation Council, Dikkanchi D. Shira, Chokpot MLA and Chairperson Bluebell R Sangma, Deputy CEM Wenison Ch Marak and other government officials.
The Department of Commerce & Industries will now be able to monitor the export of Khadi and this will pave the way for the development of this industry.
He is not an orphan either, but he still has a mother and brothers and sisters.
At the same time, she said that the bank will soon get the status of a schedule bank.
The Minister also distributed NIRAMAYA Health Cards to the beneficiaries.
Shillong, Nailar 28: The STIEH Group has met with the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla and submitted a petition to the Executive Committee to expedite the amendment of the Khasi Social Custom. Lineage Bill, 2018.
Union Ministers Suresh Prabhu, Shri DV Sadananda Gowda, Shri Ramvilas Paswan, Shri Ravi Shankar Prasad, Smt. Harsimrat Kaur Badal, Shri Jual Oram, Shri Thaawar Chand Gehlot, Smt. Piyush Goyal and Smt Nirmala Sitharaman were specially invited to the Inter-State Council.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The Election Commission of India (ECI) today informed the Election Commission of India (ECI) about the passing away of Bah David A Nongrum MLA from the 13th Mawryngkneng (ST) Assembly Constituency.
Speaking to reporters, the Vice President of KSU Nongthymmai Circle, Samla Richard Mawkhiew, strongly condemned the police for arresting their leader at midnight like arresting the insurgents.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The SP Office cricket team has won the Inter Office League 2024 organized by the Shillong Cricket Association (SCA) on Tuesday after beating the Power Grid. The final of the tournament will be played by 21 runs on 18th June 2024 at the MCA Cricket Ground, Polo.
The Chief Minister on this occasion distributed financial assistance worth T.5, 86,64,857.27/- tyngka to 294 villages in Garo Hills. Swapnil Tembe, IAS Deputy Commissioner West Garo Hills and other government officials were also present.
Shillong, November 11: Ranikor MLA Martin M Danngo has been accused of Warsan Lyngdoh, Wahkaji, Phlangdiloin and Ranikor constituencies despite being in charge of the constituency for 20 years. , said Bah Hoffen Muller Langte, Publicity Secretary in a statement sent today.
On this occasion, there was also a tyrko competition between the youth and the elders on the theme of peace in the village.
The names of the candidates are Evalyne Kharbani from 8-Mawhati, Primson Makdoh from 11-Umsning, Shakliar Warjri from 11-Mawthadraishan, Sanjied Kynsai Shangrit from 32-Nongstoin, KP Panmbrai from 33-Raang. Methodius Dkhar 34-Mawshynrut, Bah Medalsing Lyngdoh 36-Mawkyrwat.
The ACL General Secretary Mostapha Kabir said that their land has been occupied by foreigners.
He said that after the repair of the stadium, there will be a team to look after and maintain the stadium.
At present, the most affected areas are Umtyrngi, Wahbyrngad, Amsemsier, Mawdolahir and other neighboring areas in the Jirang Hima. eat.
The report shows that the annual loss of soil is 164.52 million tonnes per hectare per annum.
He said Meghalaya and Arunachal Pradesh are also part of India like Delhi and Uttar Pradesh.
The department is still waiting for confirmation on this.
Out of the 251 HSSLC students, 46 have passed with 100%.
Shamim Geony, Teachers and Staff of USTM and on behalf of HYC led by President Robert Kharjahrin, in the presence of Wellessly Lyngkhoi Education Secretary, Pynskhem Nongshlong and other members of the Seng.
In these areas it is prohibited and no one is allowed to open shops in these areas or to conduct any commercial activities. should be closed immediately.
The HNLC has declared a 36-hour curfew from 6 pm on Monday to 22 pm in protest against the visit of the President of India. 10 o'clock Friday night.
Many of those prisoners seem to have been sent to work according to the rules, but most of them have to work hard until they die.
Regarding the need for engineers, the District Councils will have to set up an engineering wing. The difference here is that the people have to go and apply for permission from the District Councils without coming to the District Council. MUDA: Regarding the building codes, the rules will be the same, as Meghalaya falls under the zone of the fourth earthquake, so the rules have to be followed.
In 1-Shillong (ST) Parliamentary constituency, the election campaign this year has been different from other years due to the enthusiasm of the people from all the supporters of political parties.
According to the HANM leaders, the perpetrator was a local taxi driver.
On the occasion, the Prime Minister also launched a commemorative book entitled “Jachri” which was published to commemorate this day. the writings not to mislead the youth.
He said that after the outbreak of Corona, the price of food grown without the use of pesticides has increased significantly and everyone should take this opportunity to increase the export of these crops. which are already across the state.
In another incident, a 19-year-old girl has lodged a complaint with the police that she was raped by a man named John Tiewmon at his house in Mawiong, Umsaw and Mawjrong. it has been in existence since
In a complaint lodged by the relatives of the deceased to the Mawlai Police Station, they said that they had tried to telephone him on 7638944245 but he did not answer the phone.
Out of the 38 awards presented at the NECDC, Kishan Lyngdoh of Meghalaya won the Best Players Award. Samayita Roy Prodhan of Sikkim won the men's category and the women's category.
Shillong, July 9: The Rangbah Shnong of Nonghyllam, Bah John Justick Hashah, on Tuesday said, “We don't want glory, the people want roads”.
In this match, both sides tried to score but no one could score.
The Prime Minister said that there are two types of influx of foreigners, one is domestic and one is foreign.
The Government's choice of these three has something behind it.
He said that this failure of children has been seen for many years and this is a problem for the state government.
It is a reminder of a courageous spirit and self-confidence.
He said that there will be a meeting of the Chief Ministers of the North East in Shillong, the Chief Secretary, the Director General of Police will be present at the meeting in Shillong. you shall not leave, at the border.
She urged the public to come and see the Tribal Animation Festival where the paintings of the tribals of the area will be displayed by Dr Kalvin in you are the son of Ashok Calvin.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Chairman of the CCIB said that they congratulate and support the Chief Minister of West Bengal Manata Banerjee who has spoken out against the agreement between the central government and the CCIB. Bangladesh to resolve the border between the two countries.
Referring to the demand of the teachers to increase their salaries by 5% per annum, he said the government has not discussed this issue, as Adhoc schools are private schools.
Due to the absence of the meeting with the Minister, JACAMTA has decided to set a time for the Minister to call a meeting with them within two days from the 6th of this month if the Minister does not call. They cannot call for protests.
A Pulsar Bike (AS02-G-0343) belonging to Jahangir (25) of Uttar Samarali, South Salmara, Assam was hit by a truck. Minarul Islam (26) of Sukchar District, Dhubri Assam was on his way to Garobadha.
He also expressed his concern over the confusion with the Land Acquisition Acts in various Shnongs, Raids and Himas which has caused conflict in various places.
They have informed the police and the police have come to the scene to investigate the theft. The incident happened on Friday night.
Referring to the roads, he said that the preparation of the DPR to build a four-lane road from Umiam to Ratachera, the roads which cannot be included in the PMGSY will be carried out through the CM Connect scheme.
On the other hand, the General praised the Army for being one of the bravest and most trained troops in the North East of India.
On receiving information about the incident, the Hill Farmers Union Central Body and West Jaintia Hills District leaders rushed to the scene to encourage the farmers.
Madanryting Police Station said that the mother was injured in an incident and was taken to the PHC in Smit for treatment. The police who went to investigate the incident have not yet returned.
The question is whether his death was caused by a bomb blast by the law enforcement agencies.
Shillong, Nailar 24: Residents of three villages in Ri Bhoi District today protested against the demolition of the gate built by the Assam Police in Umlaper village in Ri Bhoi District.
Dondi said that one of these machines is the burner of garbage from various hospitals and until now this machine has not been able to operate the vehicles. Those who transport the waste from the hospitals will have to carry it themselves and will have to burn the waste with diesel.
Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong said that the Cabinet meeting held today has decided to hold elections to the two Houses of Parliament. The polling day for the District Councils of KHADC and JHADC will be on 27th June
After the meeting, the two Chief Ministers will return to their respective states and arrange to issue a government notice to set up Regional Committees as was done in the previous year. first.
The approach of the entire government is clear, along with the alignment of initiatives between the Swachh Bharat Mission-Rural and Urban, and there are also many initiatives from other Government departments to ensure 'Swachh Bharat India.
The Prime Minister has also ordered an inquiry into the incident to see whether the factories have complied with all the rules and regulations. He said the government has already created a State Disaster. The Management Authority shall ensure that if there is any incident, it shall help to reduce the incident.
Shillong, November 22: Has the ONGC Ltd's inspection of the oil field in Dawa Nongtyrnem Hima in Khasimara been completed? This question has been raised since the 1990s.
On the day of the inspection, the owner of the China Bazaar, who is a foreigner, said that he is only a manager and receives a salary of about 8000/- per month from his owner. The foreigner does not have any documents such as Labor License and others.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council on Tuesday sent a letter to the Chairman of the Meghalaya Public Service Commission (MPSC) demanding that the results of the post of Assistant Engineer in the Department of Community and Rural Development should be announced.
He said that their visit to Shillong is to meet the Chief Minister to discuss the Mawshun issue.
Shillong, Nailur 8: The All Meghalaya Contractors and Suppliers Association (ACA) has met with the Minister of Labour, Bah Sanbor Shullai on Saturday 07-08-2021 to discuss the Employee's Provident Fund Organization (EMPLO) Labor Law (amendment) Act 2020.
On the other hand, Bah Adelbert Nongrum of KHNAM said that he will not support anyone if there is a motion of no confidence and he will not vote, because his wish is to put the nation first. in front of others come behind.
The Center said that the problems in many villages such as water supply are not enough, education is still in darkness, there is one Catholic school and one Presbyterian school up to class. 8.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) is concerned about how to promote economic development in the region by finding ways and means for people to come and set up jobs in these areas. The state is located in the southwest of India.
Such a large and versatile facility named SICPAC is the first and has now been implemented in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Bah FM Dopth, on Tuesday said that the villagers are not allowed to sell their jhur. They come only to Lad Rymbai and Khliehriat and the village shops take them from them and take them to the villages.
The Meghalaya Games will end on the 20th of this month and more than 3,000,000 athletes will take part in 22 different sports.
He said it is true that they have met with the Union Minister in charge of Coal and the Union Minister of State for Home Affairs Kiren Rajiju to talk to them. On the allegation that they want to join the BJP is wrong, there is no such intention, when the government has not The BJP leaders were accompanied by Bah Stephanson Mukhin, Bah Thomas Nongtdu and the owners of the coal mining. “Without coal, it will be difficult for the factories to operate,” said Bah Syngkon.
“Our state is lagging behind in the trade, it is also a state that has not been able to fill itself, if the Government does not take action to collect revenue it will cause more problems to the state. the public.
Therefore, we urge all the people to be temporarily with us and also to be prepared because the protest could happen again at any time if the government fights against our demands. to repair all the damaged sections of NH 44 from Mookyndur to Malidor.
He said that this is the time when the farmers are still producing agricultural products and the traders from this state used to buy to export. The farmers have to sell their crops because it is a perishable commodity and they have to break it. This has affected the income of the farmers.
The two teams from the NCC have cleaned up these two famous monuments in Shillong. The NCC has accepted that the cleaning of these two famous monuments in Shillong. Shillong will be closed during the clean-up.
This is also part of the provision for those tourists who are prepared to spend a lot of money both on places and on travel when they come to these states.
Shillong, Jymmang 2: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong today said that the government has decided to allow 25% of commercial vehicles to travel within Shillong and Mylliem C&RD from today. Block.
In June alone, petrol bomb blasts have occurred at Mawlai Police Station, the vehicle accompanied by the Director (Personnel) of NEEPCO in Demthring, petrol bomb blasts at the residence of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah. Thank you very much.
We expect that once the garbage is removed, our aim is to clean up the area and turn the garbage dump into a place that can be used by the public.
The recruitment process, which started in Shillong, has started for Meghalaya and will continue tomorrow.
The Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah G.Kharmawphlang in his speech as the Chief Guest, spoke on the need for teachers to recognize the unique talents and talents of the students. from the time they are young so that they can develop their skills.
The aim of the program is to strengthen income generation through various initiatives including cinema halls to health clubs and tourism projects.
The Prime Minister said that he has nothing to say on the appointment of ministers but it will be up to the parties to decide whom to appoint. proposes that as prime minister he will accept what the party decides.
If the report shows that they have the disease, they should not be allowed to return to the villages especially in the rural areas if they do not have a suitable place to treat and isolate themselves.
They will also discuss the implementation of the National Food Security Act, how to find ways and means for the people to be happy in terms of access to food items provided by the government. distribution through government ration shops.
Marak (West Garo Hills District) (Silver)Men Freestyle Wrestling ( 52 Kg ) Franky Momin (East Khasi Hills District) (Gold) Shanlang Khongsit (East Khasi Hills District) (Silver) Adial M Nongdhar (East Khasi Hills District) (Bronze ) Royalson Lapang (Ribhoi District) (Bronze).
This is the first time for Meghalaya to reach the final of the tournament.
The Executive Committee also consists of SEVEN State Secretaries.
Speaking at the closing ceremony of the three-day Athletics Games which started on 18th June 2022, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, expressed his satisfaction with the He saw the strong participation of the students of the area and said that the sports and physical activities.
Shillong, Lber 18: The North East Students' Organization (NESO) today filed a petition against the Supreme Court against the implementation of the Citizenship Rules (Amendment). ) Act 2019 to request the court to suspend the implementation of this Act.
It is to be recalled that the state of Jowai has been left without a leader since the death of Bishop Rev. Vincent Kympat. The state is now Shillong.
He said that HANMK is not against any project in Meghalaya, but that the companies that come to Meghalaya also provide employment opportunities to the people of Meghalaya.
The FKS has also read the letter January 2016 sent from the Government of Meghalaya to the Government of Delhi regarding the issue of forced Village Councils and Municipal Councils in Meghalaya. the Dorbar Governing Body.
The Defense Minister said the whole of India recognizes that the language, culture, food and dress of the North East as a heritage and the government led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi determined to preserve and develop the heritage of this area.
As is well known, the Dorbar of Chiefs of Hynniewtrep has been in consultation with the Government of India on the issues of the Khasi Jaintia people from the Government of India. Recently in 2012 the National Human Rights Commission, and in 2014 the National Commission for Scheduled Tribes and other authorities have issued promising guidelines.
The Preamble begins with the words “We, the People of India", which reflects the theme of this document which is democracy.
In the evening of the same day, the family members and some elders lodged a complaint against R.R.Pde.
Shillong, March 07: The Jal Diwali Campaign under the Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs (MHA) was launched today in Meghalaya with a celebration at Urkhla Water Treatment Plant, Jowai.
Speaking to the members of the Mawlai Youth Wing in the presence of MLA Process T Sawkmie and MDC Teibor Pathaw, the Minister of Urban Affairs said that this is the first time that the youth organization has been established. problem that has lasted more than five decades will not be guaranteed.
The union has asked the government to send them for special training according to the training rules.
The King Edward VII Memorial Pasteur Institute, Meghalaya has also confirmed that the water from the Umtrew well is no longer suitable for drinking.
Bandary said that several trucks passing through the bridge from Assam and Jaintia Hills were seized and the drivers said that they were carrying 20 to 40 tonnes and no one was looking at them. The district authorities have banned the passage of vehicles carrying more than 10 tonnes since last month.
New Delhi, Lber 29: Heavy rain and thunderstorms are expected in the North East from 29 October to 1 June due to the cyclone from the Bay of Bengal. more severely on October 30th and 31st, 2021.
Speaking to media, he said that the party will contest in 30 constituencies in the MLA election in 2018 in Meghalaya, but the party will not accept old candidates. who has won the new one.
The vehicle was driven by a Khasi who, according to information, used to do these things to smuggle foreigners with the promise of freedom and also as a broker.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner said that the public should not be confused on that day regarding this action of the Disaster Management Department.
Regarding the CUET examination, Union Minister Dharmendra Pradhan today sent a letter to confirm that students who attend colleges affiliated to NEHU do not need the CUET examination. CUET exam.
Tura Police in the past three days have arrested two drug traffickers, including two policemen, one has been temporarily suspended and another has been arrested. Investigation to find out more about those involved in this drug trafficking.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the Chairman of FOCUSS, Bah Syiem, said that they decided to send a memorandum to the Minister. The memorandum will include the allocation of funds to the ADCs by the Central Government.
Verification documents should be sent to the office of the party at Jaiaw Chapel Road.
Speaking to SP News Agency by phone from Guwahati, the Minister said that students who want to study doctorate have to pass the NEET examination which was held on the 5th of this month. moon.
On the one hand we have been in conflict with the State Government and the Government of India on many laws but on the other hand when we ask for clarification from the State Government and the Government of India we don't take action to respond. Khasi and Jaintia as a whole.
The Ministry has approved more than 8 Integrated Ayush Hospitals, of which 2 are operational.
To sustain the mission of MIDC, the corporation needs to raise funds from outside the government to sustain the work of MIDC. does not have the approval of the government.
There are 65 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 36 in East Garo Hills, 16 in East Garo Hills, 7 in West Garo Hills, 3 in South West Garo Hills and 1 in West Jaintia Hills. There are 669 cases.
The growth of tourism in the region depends on pilgrimage-related activities.
It will also ensure that factories get quality products.
The visit also aims to demonstrate how the Information, Education, Communication (IEC) vehicles sent under the ongoing VBSY provide information to ensure the full implementation of Central Government schemes in the state.
The awareness program was attended by Dr H.Synmon, staff of PHC, leading leader of JSU Treiborlang R Suchen who is General Secretary of JSU. Along with S Diengdoh, Disciplinary Secretary of the Seng Kmie, in the presence of Rangbah Shnong, various youth organizations, school teachers, Rangbah Shnong and school children.
The recent abrogation of Articles 370 and 35 A has been welcomed by the entire country as well as by people from all political parties of the country, without expectations.
The public hearing was conducted in collaboration with the DC's office and the Directorate of Census Operations, Meghalaya. , together with the Rangbah Shnong of Lawsohtun.
During the 1971 war, the army took part in the fighting in parts of Sylhet and Mymensingh, then East Pakistan and now Bangladesh.
Now it’s time for a change.
Speaking to media after the meeting, he said that compared to some other states of the country, the number of illegal activities in Meghalaya is still low, but he added that there are cases related to illegal activities. Protection of Children from Sexual Offenses (POCSO) in the State and ensuring the prevention of illegal activities is essential.
The matches will be played between Pyndem Umbri and Langsning at 11 am and Shiliang Umdoh and Rangdajied at 2.00 pm.
It is informed that the office will no longer issue the result sheet which has been removed since 2014. The results of all the results can be downloaded and printed from the MBOSE website. there is no more in the well.
One of the most important parts is the puriskam story about the ramhahs in which it is said that the mines throughout the Ri War area are the bones of the ramhahs.
“We will be able to achieve all this only through cooperation.
Jowai, Nailur 20: A coal truck heading to Barak Valley has overturned in the middle of the road between Lumshnong village today.
On the other hand, the Central Government, after considering the actions of the HNLC, has decided to illegally suspend it and its offices.
The order was issued by the District Magistrate as part of the efforts to prevent the misuse and misunderstanding of the Amusement Act and also to prevent the exploitation of the poor.
Bah Syiem alleged that Dr Mukul Sangma has ruled by force without listening to anyone and this is due to his investigation into the report by the SLPGC. and the deterioration of roads in the state when they submitted reports, the government did not do anything to improve them.
Journalists from Shillong and Nongpoh attended the event.
The two-day 67th Plenary of the NEC was attended by the Minister of State in charge of DoNER, MoS PMO, Personnel, Public Grievances & Pensions, Atomic Energy and Space. , Dr Jitendra Singh, Vice-Chairman of the NEC, along with Governors, Chief Ministers and senior officials from the five states of the North East and from the Union Ministry of DoNER. : Thousands of people from all over the villages and surrounding areas came to witness the inauguration of the Ranikor Civil Sub-Division. and also to its office today in Ranikor.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The meeting of State Presidents of the BJP Youth Wing from all states of India was held in Delhi today in the presence of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Amit Shah. MPs came to participate.
All groups should be involved in the discussion.
Shillong, June 06: The Khasi Jaintia Raw Materials and Suppliers Association (KRSA) will hold a public meeting on 9-4-2021 at the Community Hall of Lumkshaid Dorbar Shnong at 11:00 am to discuss important issues. of the Association.
He said that they used to have a strong spirit, they were free in the village, freedom has led to light and now it has reached lyngkar.
On the other hand, the party has nothing to say against those who oppose because in the struggle there must be, but they will not criticize anything.
The police chief said it is not the responsibility of the civil society to arrest people.
Liaise with investors, business teams to understand resource requirements and logistics.
On the other hand, the KHDA, which has not formed a new party since yesterday, has not joined the Congress MDCs.
Shillong, July 22: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today visited the areas affected by the earthquake in South Garo Hills District.
Saleng recalled his relationship with the late MLA as members of the House. He sent his condolences to the family members of Bah David.
At this dorbar bah of the Warjri Kur, Bah Riewad V Warjri, Rangbah Kur, who has retired from the post of Kittiensyiem, also honored the parakurs who have excelled in their studies and work. envoy, ambassador) of India around the world.
The KHADC will continue to write to the government for clarification on this matter.
According to sources, the road has been divided into three parts, from 18 miles from Ranikor to Nongjri, the first part and the second part will be from Ranikor to Nongjri. Nongjri to Maheshkhola and the third section is from Maheshkhola to Baghmara.
The winners were conducted by Vice Principal Aida C War and Teacher Mukabanylla Kharbani.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills District, West Garo Hills District, on the enforcement of Section 144 CrPC, said that he had received information that the employees of GHADC under the leadership of the Non Gazette Employees Association (GHADC) had staged a protest at the office. GHADC, Expensive Airport.
Other participants included Lamphrang Blah who said that this issue raised by Bah A Nongrum is necessary because “once people have entered the house it is difficult to drive them out. “U Bah Badondor Lyngdoh who took part in supporting this issue in his speech said “the marriage in these “If it's women or men who are fighting for this, the schedule tribe should be abolished”.
: The KHNAM has no objection to the proposal of the State Government to extend the term of office of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHNAM) for six months. in accordance with the provisions of Section 6A of the Constitution.
“At present, there is a fear that the protection under the Constitution of India will no longer be available,” said Ronnie V Lyngdoh.
Goa, Telangana, Andaman and Nicobar Islands, Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman and Diu, Puducherry and Haryana have now become states, UTs, which means that all households in rural areas have received water. cor.
Shillong, July 02: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the government will launch a Football Mission this month to encourage the young players of the state to develop in this field. The state has the potential to grow in India in this field of football.
Police have seized 11 SIM cards, four solar lights and many other light related items.
The Superintendent of Police, West Karbi Anglong has been dismissed while the Assam government has appointed a team of inquiry in consultation with the Meghalaya government. Meghalaya has demanded that the central government and the Assam government should work together to ensure that those involved are punished.
There is no government-sponsored festival in this pork.
If this continues, we have no choice but to withdraw from the peace talks,” said the HNLC leader. The Peace Accord in the North East will not come into force, except for the Mizo Accord.
Bah Embhah said, “The idea of ​​synrop cooperation is one strength of the three pillars to achieve the goal requires the cooperation of the Rangbah, Longkmie and Samla.
There are 196 cases in the state, 30 cases in hospitals, 26 cases in East Khasi Hills, 2 cases in Ri Bhoi, 1 case in South West Garo Hills and 1 case in West Garo Hills. Hill 1.
After the independence of the country, fisheries activities in the country have grown in a steady manner over time and according to the guidelines on steps, resources and conditions in the states.
The competition will start at 11 pm with songs and dances by the youth and talented people of the state as well as various games. At 2 pm, the ball game will start with the team. Jongsha FC beat Khapmaw FC on the opening day.
According to a statement sent by the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Baranwal, two illegal Coke Plants or coal mining factories have been destroyed for not receiving the consent to coal mining. Established (CTE) by the Meghalaya State Pollution Control  Board (MSPCB).
Shillong, March 11: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has expressed its regret over the delay in the work of the health department in the district.
Applicants must submit a certificate from their doctor that they are eligible to study this course.
If you have any questions, please contact the President, Central Airmen Selection Board, Brar Square, Delhi Cantt, New Delhi.
In a statement sent to the media, the BJP said, “The USTM has made it public through social media that the Congress party has not received permission from the Ribhoi District authorities. It has not been able to suspend the allocation of land for use by the party on the day of Rahul Gandhi's visit.
The Union Minister of State for Agriculture, Narendra Singh Tomar, today said that the Government has decided to promote palm oil cultivation in the North East and this will change the this region to the source of the country’s palm oil activities.
In this regard, the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills has revoked the license of the Fair Price Shop Dealer and asked the Dorbar Shnong to appoint another one in his place. inside the village of Barato.
Blaming the government for not doing anything is wrong.
He said that if there are companies that operate illegally, it will affect the aggregators who have been licensed by the Government.
Shillong, July 24: After the Joint Action Committee of All Teachers' Associations (JACATAM) has finally given the Government until the 27th of this month to implement the demands, Ambrose today gave a final deadline to the Government until the 27th of this month. Ch.
Shillong, Nailur 01: Leaders and members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Shella Area Unit, today Two mobile towers belonging to Airtel and Jio are located in Shella village.
Metbah said that as the Minister in charge of Tourism, he has invited the Director of Culture and Heritage to discuss whether there is a possibility of erecting a statue of Syiem Tirot Singh. In the year 2017-2017, the Urban Development Department has ordered the erection of three statues and one of them is Syiem Tirot Singh.
The total number of recoveries so far in the state has risen to 91,0
India's AstroSat/UVIT has been able to do this because the noise of the UVIT detector is lower than that of NASA's Hubble Space Telescope in the US. to the space scientists of India who have once again shown that India has made progress in the field of space where our people have now begun to lead the way for other scientists from other countries.
In this regard, we have enacted laws and taken important steps to bring about transparency in medical education.
In Shillong, besides the shops that have been opened in the past few days, the government has allowed the opening of pearl shops and car parts shops.
Shillong, Lber 23: U Raksim Ch Momin, 22, of East Garo Hills, has surrendered today. East Garo Hills Police Station in the presence of Chief Superintendent of Police Vivekanand Singh.
"“We have seen that the Shillong Cantonment Board has been quick to demolish and take any measures to demolish the buildings but the surprising thing is that these buildings in the middle of the city have not been demolished. has not been demolished and to evict people illegally occupying this land.
The Meghalaya Transport Corporation Union (MTCU) today carried placards in front of the office to protest against the actions of the authorities in charge of the MTC. of the Board of this Corporation of the Government is in the midst of loss.
Dr. Ramani Kanta Thakuria said that these types of krai are good foods for the body, which can also prevent headaches and sudden stops of blood pressure and many other benefits by using and thou shalt eat the bread of the field.
He added that this is the first time that the FKJGP has received the award and as a group it will continue to proclaim forever and will never forget the FKJGP. As a group, we will strive to work hard to improve the working methods to become a source of employment for the youth of the state.
However, 44 of these 67 were due to the change in the Physics Answer Key, which now has two correct answers.
The Dorbar Shnong Rynjah has no restrictions on the activities of the Society but in relation to the boundary and trade of inheritance all should come under the jurisdiction of the Dorbar Shnong Rynjah.
The NEC covers all the five states in the North East.
In West Garo Hills, Dr. Marwein Sangma inaugurated the polio vaccination campaign in his speech.
These will be approved from 15th March as follows: For higher education institutions funded by the Central Government, the management of these institutions shall ensure that there is a real need for research scholars (Ph.
Shillong, March 10: The Meghalaya SSA Schools' Association (MSSASA) has expressed its gratitude to the MDA government for taking the decision to increase the salaries of teachers under the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan. UP and LP schools with 5139 teachers in the state.
Superintendent of Police, Ribhoi District Jagpal Singh Dhanoa said that the robbers involved in this crime will not escape. happy in the hands of the law.
This is the first time that the Mawlai Town Dorbar as the shatri of the Dorbar Shnongs within the Mawlai Township has taken the responsibility to open the door by inviting and inviting the youth. and women who have lived addicted and addicted to drugs.
“In the coming days, the members of the Regional Committees from both sides will start taking decisions and will prepare a report in a few months,” he added.
“We hope that Article 370-A of the Constitution of India will pave the way for the new establishment of the Hima Khasi States. inside the Assembly.
Shillong, July 06: Heavy rainfall in eastern parts of West Garo and North Garo Hills today caused damage to roads and floods. water to people's homes.
The ceremony was attended by prominent leaders of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar-EJHD, including the President, Teras Dkhar, Ad.
On the first day of the seminar, Shillong MP Vincent H. Pala will be the Chief Guest while Speaker of the KHADC Legislative Assembly Bah Lamphrang Blah will be the Symbud Chief Guest. from this state.
The JYF EJH appeals to the people of this area to give their full support to the Jaintia Hill Coal Miners and Dealers Association (JHCMDA). Biker Chyrmang, Organizing Secretary of JYF-EJH (SP News) said:
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Badariti Lyngdoh Nonglait admitted that she is a member of the HSPDP and said, “When I was the president of the Women's Wing of West Khasi Hills District”.
If someone is smart enough to think carefully, they will find out why they do this.
The party would also like to thank Bah HS Shylla, Chief Executive Member, KHADC and the members of the Executive Committee, KHADC for opening the door for the Dorbar Hima as part of the salvation of the Hynniewtrep people.
Shillong, Nailar 26: Although the calendar of the Legislative Assembly has not fixed a date for the Speaker election, the MDA government led by Conrad K Sangma has called a meeting tomorrow morning to discuss the issue. to the post of Speaker in the Legislative Assembly of the State.
Referring to some of the incidents here and there, the chief minister said that the police have done their part to protect and bring peace and order in the incidents here and there even in Mumbai. Delhi Kolkata also happened.
However, due to the increasing number of defections, the Government of India has once again through the 91st Constitutional Amendment Act, 2003 amended the 91st Constitutional Amendment Act, They have to resign as leaders and contest elections again from the new party they have joined.
Chithi is a new film from Jaintia Hills directed by Simi Khongtiang and produced by Fourness Dhar of Anthill Productions and Cornelia Dkhar.
The number of COVID-19 positive cases in the districts is 3 East Garo Hills, 11 East Jaintia Hills, 198 East Khadi Hills, 1 North Garo Hills, 5 Ri Bhoi, 8 South Garo Hills, 5 South West Garo Hills and West Garo Hills 18, West Jaintia Hills 7, West Khasi Hills
“We also express our surprise that this land has been given to this Club since 1926 and it has been given without a deadline which could bring back the loss of Khasi ownership of Khasi land.
On the other hand, Bah Bankitlang Pasi Kharkongor said that the purpose of the Meghalaya Icon is to provide education to the public on the spread of HIV and AIDS. one of the opportunities for children from 15 to 29 years of age to showcase their talents.
Shillong, Nailur 14: U Bah Disparsing Rani today said that there are 389 hectares of government land in Shillong which means less than 100 acres in East Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, November 25: The District Level Art and Cultural Competition was held at Seng Khasi Secondary School, Jaiaw Shillong.
“This money collected from the fine has been deposited into the Government budget,” said Dy.SP Bah G.Marngar.
Speaking at the summit, Bah Dino said that something needs to be done and the United Nations should order all countries of the world to implement the laws to protect children from abuse.
There will be traditional performances from different kingdoms, short games from the kingdoms, as the construction of the museum is nearing completion and this will attract tourists because they will set records that will not be available elsewhere.
On the 16th of this month, they will hold a strike in all departments of the central government to support the 21 demands related to the 7Pay Commission of the central government.
Commenting on the involvement of Kong Christabell Wanniang, the village leader said that during the MDC elections, Kong Christabell Wanniang, instead of preaching for development, came instead. to stir up trouble.
The press tour was organized by the Press Information Bureau, Shillong in collaboration with the Press Information Bureau, Lucknow with the support of the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting, Government of India.
Shillong, July 12: The National People's Party (NPP) today announced the names of the candidates for the MLA elections to the Legislative Assembly in June
In her speech, Swapna Deb Kanango Branch Manager ICAR Umiam Branch urged to provide education to women.
On the other hand, the employees should understand the problems of the people because the need of the people within the GHADC is every day, especially those who have to get bail. The number of workers has affected the water supply in Tura.
The new recruits will be able to serve the country by joining their posts in various CAPFs and witness India@2
Dozens of students attended the ceremony.
Experts and Government.
The Association of Taekwondo Martial Arts (ATMA) today celebrated the 10th Anniversary of the Ri Khasi Warrior Day at RB Annupchand Hindi High School, Keting Road. I'm not here today.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, he said the government will strengthen the work of the police in all aspects.
The National Commission for the Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) has conducted a nationwide program on 21st November, 2021 together with those involved in child rights activities by strongly on the protection of children.
The doctors who were present were Dr. R Nongbet (ENT), Dr. NP Laloo (Ortho), Dr. AK Roy (Psychiatrist) and other doctors.
Tura, August 15: The 67th Independence Day of India was celebrated at the MP Stadium in Tura today. in this place.
In the view of the union, it seems that these government employees who are at the thew area are helping these coal trucks which have overloaded the border.
“Do you want to be comforted.
“The Government has worked on the assumption that these villages are the first of the country.
This is according to a statement sent by Marbiang Khongwir and Wallam K Nongsieh, leaders of KSU Delhi Unit.
Regarding the 2nd Otarwin & Drarsing Memorial Knock-Out Football Tournament – ​​2017, the Chief Guest congratulated the office bearers of Nongkrem Sports Club, who took the initiative to remember the elders of the village, and he said that it is our duty to follow the example of our ancestors and to pass it on to our ancestors.
Rakkham said that this year the government will also be able to implement the Rongjeng Degree College.
He said when it comes to this q.
Shillong, July 14: The Expert Committee appointed to review the State Reservation Policy in the State has extended the deadline for 30 days until 14th November to allow anyone who wishes to comment on the employment.
Thomas added that all the incidents happened because of a hasty decision and such an incident should not happen again.
Samla Eric in his speech urged the youth to work hard to achieve victory in their sports and also to develop their fellow youth because sports is one of the sports. This is a way to keep the youth away from alcoholic beverages such as drugs which are very common in the state.
In his speech as the chief guest, the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem PM Syiemlieh spoke on the SHGs and the important role they play in improving the income of the people especially the women. .
On the part of the CEM, it is no longer possible to do anything and no one will be involved in sending the names to the Governor for approval.
It was reported in the House that the salary of employees, members of the House and those in the Executive Committee has now reached Rs 5 crore per month. measures to ensure that salaries are paid on time.
Two mobile phones and a vehicle were seized.
Mawlynnong is one of the cleanest villages in Asia and it is a rural village. It is well known that this village is one of the cleanest villages in Asia. From Nohwet to Riwai, Mawlynnong, Nongeitniang, Nongkyndah to Nongtyngur and the march ended here, and another meeting was held at this village, where certificates were also distributed to the participants of this march. .
Shillong, March 14: A sudden storm has struck Umden village in Ri Bhoi District between 3.30 pm and 4.00 pm today. .
Sitharaman said hospital authorities and health workers can monitor the disease through preventive measures developed using machines and AI under the Ayushman Bharat scheme.
“Amway under the National Project for the Visually Impaired has taken many assistance measures and so far has been able to assist up to 85,000 people. It has also set up computer training centers since 2008 at 15 places in the country and so far has been able to train up to 1000 people.
“This is what encourages us all.
Shillong, March 11: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle today sent a letter to Bah JN Nengnong, Member Secretary of the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB). They have requested to suspend the public hearing on the acquisition of land by Star Cement Company Private Limited at Brichyrnot village which will be held on the 19th of this month.
He said that as it appeared in the media, the truck drivers' union has alleged that there has been an overcharge and ordered that those who have already issued slips should no longer charge the fee.
Speaking to media after the inspection, KHADC Chairman Bah Lamphrang Blah said that the decision to hold the Monolith Festival again was taken with the aim of showcasing to the world the richness of the Monolith Festival. The Khasi people in their culture, traditions and the life of the ancients.
As the rank of Colonel within this regiment is a rank awarded to those soldiers who have been in the service for a long time, the word Colonel is a title as a father's rank, said Lieutenant General Subrata. Saha, who has been a Colonel in the Army since 17th July 2014, has led the Army to two Republic Day Contingents in which the Army has won and has been he is one of the most prominent officers in the army of the country.
Shillong, Lber 16: The United Democratic Party (UDP) on Saturday launched its campaign for the upcoming MP elections with the inauguration of the Chief Minister of Nagaland, Neiphiu Rio, Chairman. of the North East Regional Political Front.
Education in this country is self-contradictory.
Many of them expressed the need to extend MGNREGA in the tribal areas and many Chairman who are also Sordars expressed the need that the Government of India should create opportunities to pay the daily wages and salaries. The Panchayats have been working voluntarily in the countryside, because as of now, the Panchayats are working voluntarily.
The AJYWO urges the government to immediately open a 100 Bed Hospital in Khliehriat, and also to bring in all the posts from doctors to staffs which have been sanctioned for the district as a whole. work in other districts.
Hundreds of students from Eklavya Model Residential Schools (EMRS) from across the country will take part in the program for the first time since its inception.
The Chief Engineer of PHE said that the office has already completed their work and what remains now is that they are still giving permission from the Ministry of Home Affairs of India to operate. the pipeline through the Cantonment.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The KSU Umdohlun Circle has expressed its regret over the destruction of the Domiasiat Government LP School in 2007 following the uranium strike.
Pangniang said the party now has another vision which is to demand the recognition of the Khasi Pnar minority under the name of Khasi Jaintia State as the Mizo people have been recognized by Mizoram and other ethnic groups. Throughout India, the Punjabi people were called Punjab and the Assamese were called Assam.
On the other hand, the relatives and the Dorbar Shnong have suspected that this crime was committed by enemies from outside the village and according to reports, the farmer has marks of shin mong in parts of the shyllang. the face, the head, the neck, and the throat.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the doctoral students of the college said that when they entered the college, they were promised to build a hostel for the 200 students. There are 100 students but now more than two years have passed and only one stone to start the hostel has been left.
Ltd. will export goods to Bangladesh through Tamabil, Dawki.
Shillong, November 14: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the same person during his tenure as Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, strongly opposed the implementation of the Inner Line Permit. a person just because he is in the opposition says why the government cannot implement it.
HANM urges the Minister to follow up on this and if it is true, it should be done according to the law.
The Government wants to deliver development projects to the people who are entitled to receive government assistance and the State Media will work with the Social Welfare to disseminate the schemes. government.
The award was presented to Bah Bobby Wahlang, Escorting Officer of Meghalaya on the closing ceremony of the Assam Youth Festival
Each machine can generate up to 30MW per day and two machines per day can generate up to 60MW. The loss of MeECL has reached T.36 lakh per day and T.10.8 crore per month and the loss of MeECL has reached more than T.100 crore per annum. Zenith said the price of 60 mw x 1000 units is 720,000 units at a price of T.2.5 per day, which has reached T.36 lakh per day.
The National Flag Guard consisting of four officers and 128 members from various ranks from the Army, Navy, Air Force and Delhi Police will fire the National Salute during the unfurling of the flag of the country by the National Flag Guard. Prime Minister Duh.
Phase I of “Water for Women, Women for Water”, “Jal Diwali” will have the participation of all States/UTs (except the 5 States which are still under the Model Code of Conduct), in which it is expected that more than 15,000 women from SHGs from across the country will participate.
Shillong, Lber 24: After receiving a tip-off, BSF and Meghalaya Police conducted a raid on a forest at Gumaghat in South West Khasi Hills District on the border with Bangladesh. to seize ammunition hidden in the mine.
During the inspection, the KSU Jowai Circle found that the demands of the KSU have been fulfilled.
Speaking at the handover ceremony, the President of Rotary Club Shillong, A. Paul said that as a NGO they will do their utmost to help the people and this they have done all over the country. and as a group to help the people of this state as well.
Dkhar said that regarding the seizure of fake challans, the Director said that the office will set up a team of inquiry to find out the truth.
Everyone is urged to refrain from spreading false news.
At the same time, the union urges the GF Infrastructure Ltd to immediately repair all the parts of the road that have been damaged and damaged throughout the construction of the road to facilitate the traffic. of the road while the work on the road is in progress.
When inquired, he said that these two men left the workplace after lunch and it is not known where they went.
The State Governments shall ensure that private hospitals charge only T.150 for vaccination and this is excluded from the fee for vaccination.
On the other hand, the Governor congratulated the BSF troops who have been helping the people from time to time. distribution of the country even in the midst of many difficulties due to the geographical location.
Police have recovered 1.84 grams of suspected drugs from these three persons.
On the UDP side, Dr Jemino Mawthoh was present, but the HSPDP did not attend the swearing-in ceremony.
The training was inaugurated by Samla Franky Kharumnuid – President of the Academy in the presence of coaches, Bah Mickson, Robin and Amrit.
On this occasion, the Governor also distributed gifts to the employees of Raj Bahvan in recognition of their hard work throughout the year. to achieve peace and economic development.
From the very beginning, there has been a demand for the implementation of this Act for the safety of the citizens.
At the meeting, NBCC Adviser and MPCC General Secretary WK Kyndiah said that the Congress party will soon start preparations to invite candidates for the MDC elections. In this regard, many members of the NBCC have urged to wait for the decision of Bah Lamborsing Nongrum, Working President, and The former candidate for the bye-election, the INC from Nongkrem MDC Constituency.
Recently, Bah Morningstar and other land owners have expressed their opposition to the proposal to turn the areas into heritage sites but they do not accept the path taken by the MBDA. Many villages, land owners and farmers who have bridges have been treated with contempt.
: the meaning is the 'tienkaplang' which refers to the heroes of honor and rank.
Dr Ampareen also lodged a complaint under Rule 6 of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly Rules,
If these government officials leave at 3:30 pm, they will arrive at Kenmynsaw at 5 pm and after the meeting within 1 hour, if they leave at 3:30 pm, At 6 pm they have to climb the rocks and it will take them 2 hours and a half to reach Mawkaphan and they will reach at 8:30 pm even if they have enough torchlights because they have to walk in the dark.
: U Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, in charge of the Ministry of Home Affairs, on Tuesday said that the Government will not allow the Garo National Liberation Army-R (Re-Group) to rise again. Once again, the Police and Intelligence Department are vigilant to ensure that this group which has committed crimes in the past years in Garo Hills will not have the opportunity to commit such crimes again. robbers who have stirred up the hearts of the people of Garo Hills.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, the Minister said that the fish farming industry in Meghalaya is not new but it has existed since ancient times. according to this modern technology.
Everyone has the right to speak for themselves but we must remember one thing, that we must have a basis for speaking responsibly and not just talking nonsense or following the opposition from time to time. .
He said that they should not be satisfied that the Government of India has accepted the request for an inquiry by the CBI but all the work related to this incident should be done within Meghalaya.
The KSU North Khasi Hills has laid wreaths at the monument of Tirot Singh in Madan Iewryhnhep, the KSU North Khasi Hills has laid wreaths at the Tirot Crematorium in Nongkhla and other organizations. They went to the State Central Library Shillong.
“There is no doubt, many leaders of other political parties have asked me why I don't contest from this party, I have many MP friends, they say come to the BJP, come to the NPP but I am not a tatdor. ," said Mr. Pala.
The Minister in charge of Finance also announced to extend the Jan Aushadhi Kendra Scheme to all districts by providing 2000 medicines and 300 surgical treatments within a year. 2024.
New Delhi, Naiwieng 21: The PM KISAN scheme is a scheme of the Central Government to meet the financial needs of farmers who own land.
On the other hand, the Seng reminds that this road is very old and has been used and dug since the time of the British Government but after India gained independence from the rule of the Dohlieh, it has been improved. This road is under the supervision of the Assam government as it is today.
Himalaya said he will take up the issue of the farmers in the Legislative Assembly in the Synrai Session to be held in November. from 2020 and this has affected us until now.
Education Secretary Central Body who is also the Incharge of the Circle and along with members of the Seng from Sohiong Circle.
Explaining on the development in sports, the Prime Minister said that the central government is moving forward with a new approach and its benefits can be seen in the North East as well.
The Government's request to the VHCs comes after the ASHAs under the umbrella of the Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union (MAWU) staged an indefinite strike against the VHCs. and the State Government through the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh has not been responsive after they have expressed their demands.
Therefore, for the benefit of all the people, UHM-EJHD strongly demands from the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, and especially from the two leaders of East Jaintia Hills. Kyrmen Shylla, MLA 6-Khliehriat Constituency, as Minister of State Government.
The death toll has risen to 1473 in East Khasi Hills District, of which 1000 cases have been reported and 473 cases have been reported from other states. four that District.
Speaking to reporters after the closing of the polling station, he said that in 13-Mawryngkeng the turnout was 74.69%, in 24-Mawphlang 75.97% and in 47-Rajabala. 90.63%.
This was announced by the President of Kurkalang.
Shillong, Nailar 08: U Bah HS Kharpran, MLA, Mawryngkneng Constituency today inaugurated the Children's Hospital at Diengpasoh PHC for East Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, July 13: The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District has called a meeting with all those who oppose the opening of the trade from Tamabil to Bangladesh as announced by the state government.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has confirmed that 2 people have died of COVID-19 today, one of them is from East Khasi Hills 1, West. Garo Hills 1, the total number of deaths so far has risen to
Shillong, Nailar 14 : The Meghalaya State Olympic Association in collaboration with the Sports and Youth Affairs Department of the Government of Meghalaya and the Meghalaya Athletic Association have announced to hold the 21st Sohra International Half Marathon for the second time. kilometers will be held on November 30,
He said that when amending the Sixth Schedule, there should be no elections in the villages for the Village Council or Municipal Council as there are no Dorbar Shnongs elected by the people in the villages.
The Government of India will purchase 75% of the vaccines produced by the pharmacies and distribute them to the States.
Now the fight is being fought over the internet and in this, India should not be stingy.
CST services.
Sohra College is a student.
According to the report, India has two problems with tobacco, one is consumption and the other is the prevalence of tobacco consumption.
In Sikkim, funds have been allocated for the construction of a railway line and the capitals of Arunachal Pradesh and Tripura have already been connected by broad gauge rail.
At the same time, he said that if such people are found, the law will punish them severely.
There was also an attempt to burn down a bus but the fire was extinguished by the fire brigade who were not present at the scene. There is nothing wrong with this place.
Police have registered a complaint against the suspect and will investigate according to the law.
Shillong, Naitung 25: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Teinwell Dkhar in reply to a question raised by the Leader of the Opposition Bah Lamphrang Blah on the issue of you're slotted.
When we have a goal to double the income of farmers, when we want that after 75 years of independence every household will have its own house, when we have a goal that every household will have electricity electricity, when we envisage that after 75 years of independence every village will have optical fiber networks, broad band connectivity and opportunities to study from home in remote schools, these should not remain just dreams .
In the letter, Bah Banshai said that they have to pay for the application form and if they lose the application fee, it is understood that they will give it to others and change their names.
Modi's action to remove the 500 and 1000 Lut has affected churches, mosques and temples.
A total of 17 personnel from seven police stations attended the training.
The HYC said that the numbers of these posts are 01602H210D and
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Minister in charge of GAD, Bah AL Hek said that the government wanted to open the door but could not complete the remaining works. postponed until next month.
Similarly, the nurses working under the Corona Care should be isolated and quarantined for 10 days while they are on duty.
On the incident in Khanduli, Conrad said he had spoken from time to time with the Assam authorities.
The union demands that the CBI should investigate into this incident because there are politicians who have encouraged the youth to do illegal activities for themselves. This incident happened exactly like what happened to Fullmoon Dhar and later he was killed again with Mukesh K Singh, SP of Tura. The CSWO said that this is not a shooting but a killing because there is something behind it.
Samla Morning Suja said that about 40 members of KSU Barak Valley Circle, Police, NDRF, SDRF, ADC Cachar and other ethnic group leaders have joined hands to protest. go and seek those who are lying on the ground.
The Chief Secretary also inaugurated a march to showcase the Tribal Pride by the Barikor and Tribal Pride groups.
“He suggested to restructure the North Eastern Regional Agricultural Marketing Corporation Limited (NERAMAC) to market agricultural products.
The Chief Minister said that Meghalaya is a state which still falls under the status of a special state. The government still has a lot of work to do, he said.
Most surprisingly, in phase 1, the findings and recommendations of the Regional Committees from Meghalaya were not accepted.
Rajnath Singh said the encouragement of employment and income generation would help address challenges such as insecurity in the North East.
Shillong, June 12: The Secretary of the Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) today sent a letter to the Director General of Police (DGP) regarding the murder of a worker on 10/4/2
Let the people and the world know that the killing of one of the members of the KSU in Ichamati is exactly like a name sarang that touches the heart of the people. They are not willing to listen or close their eyes, but they will be willing to listen to the reason and this will further spread the spirit of patriotism and unity.
With this initiative, the government has been able to introduce many policies and implement them such as the Chief Minister Safe Motherhood Scheme which aims to reduce the maternal mortality rate in the state.
He said the Predicted Plan for 2024-2025 includes 100 percent rollout of ODF Plus, construction of toilets in 1,10,240 households and 1553 thousand people who have been allocated PMAY. , to construct 570 Community Sanitary Complex Units and to implement 18 units of Fecal Sludge Management in addition to Govardhan Units and Plastic Waste Management Units to be constructed across the state.
Through these incidents, we have seen the lack of respect of Assam for the Meghalaya government.
It will also mark the conclusion of the two-year campaign of Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav which started on 12th October 2021 to mark the 75th anniversary of the country's independence.
It is to be recalled that Biria U Khasi is a very old organization which was founded on 2nd June 1989. This organization has been well known in the past. Later, however, Bah MDtmar, General Secretary of SBUK, said that for many reasons, the SBUK has not been able to do anything in these days.
Many of the students who graduated on this day are now in their own jobs to work for the country.
Bah A War EM in charge of Trade and Industry said that they will continue to work hard to improve not only the Monolith Festival but also the roads and to do this a committee has been appointed. detailed.
These employees alleged that all this is the work of the Medical Superintendent.
On the other hand, the three organizations demanded that the government should call for talks with the civil society organizations, including the KSU, on the railway line. all the three political parties not only the KSU Marwei.
Thomas said that the issuance of this announcement is like opening the door for other non-State ethnic groups to get contract jobs in the offices of the State Government as well as in the State Government. office of the Central Government.
Attempts were made to disperse the crowd.
Shillong, Nailar 21: The Meghalaya Safety and Security Rules, 2017, have been distributed to all Rangbah Shnongs, Waheh Shnongs and Nokmas by the State Government through the Political Department. You don't have to have this rule to explain how to implement it.
The Congress MLAs include Kenedy Khyriem, Limison D Sangma, Winnerson D Sangma, Cherak W Momin, Sengnam Marak and Noverfield R Marak.
The cleanliness drive was organized by the Meghalaya Green and Clean Shillong.
In this regard, the Chief Engineer of PHE has been directed to talk to the contractors to start the work and at the same time to prepare a new price which is current.
On the 13th, the meeting will be held at the KHADC office for Mylliem, Laban-Mawprem, Nongthymmai, Laitumkhrah-Malki, Mawkhar-Pynthorumkhrah, Jaiaw, Mawlai, Mawphlang-Diengiei and Nongspung. Nongstoin for the West Khasi Hills District.
Dr. N. Momin, BJP MLA of Assam.
In this incident, the CrPF has arrested four persons for questioning.
As the youth, we are happy to see that the leaders within the KHADC have introduced this Bill to protect the jaidbynriew.
The Minister said that the land at Mawdiangdiang has been allocated to various government departments, so it is necessary to rearrange it. to build the Secretariat and other relevant offices and accommodation.
New Delhi, July 5: Convergence Energy Services Limited (CESL) under the Ministry of Electricity has signed two memoranda of understanding (MoU) with Meghalaya and Union Territory Ladakh for the In the first MoU signed with MePDCL, CESL has signed a social contract for about 60 MW, which will also include the solar power generation capacity of 65 MW. looking for links to trade promotion and pump operation.
In a tweet thread, the Union Minister in charge of Tribal Affairs, Arjun Munda said that the objective of the PTP-NER scheme is to strengthen the income generation of tribal manufacturers through the development of procurement, logistics activities and product marketing.
Satish Kumar, Assistant Director, Harendra P Singh, JT Director, RK Choudhary and other Central Government officials in charge of MSMEs were present at the meeting. In their speeches, they spoke about many of the works that the Ministry of Small and Medium Enterprises has done, which will bring about a change in income, culture as a leader in the world.
Other speakers at the meeting were Deputy Commissioner Pravin Bakshi, CEM GHADC PK Sangma and other government officials.
Speaking on the method of writing books for reading, he said that to write books one must have the skills and knowledge and what they write should be to put in order what is in the book. for the benefit of future generations, at the same time that writing should affect society.
Minister M Kharlukhi explained the history of the Mylliem Hima. He said that until now, the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, after being elected, started the introduction of the Syiem from this Mylliem Market. It falls under the Riad Mylliem and the rituals of the Hima begin from this place.
Any visionary nation should strengthen agriculture so that we can be self reliant and export as a source of income to increase income. of the nation.
On the other hand, the KHADC feels that only the BEFR 1873 can protect the indigenous people in the state and this will prevent the infiltration of foreigners into Meghalaya.
I believe that all of us have not forgotten the tragic incident that on the morning of 22nd November 2022 when three residents of Mukroh village were shot dead. Forest Guard and Assam Police.
Shillong, Naitung 29: U Bah PN Syiem, CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today inaugurated the Silver Rose Cultural Institute; The Center for Cultural Tradition at Mawlai Umjaiur, this center provides training, information and collection of traditional items along with documents, writings in many ways to provide training to the men and women. and women and this place will also serve as a training centre, a monthly research centre, a school, a study centre, a collection center and to produce in terms of customs and traditions.
The team from Garo Hills has received praise from all the people of Garo Hills and they hope to win the final which will be held on the 30th of this month in Shillong.
He added that homeopathic treatment should be encouraged without waiting for the government to take measures.
The shun is not from the Khasi people and is located in the War region.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the two-day lockdown is to make it easier for the health department to conduct contact tracing for those who have been infected with the disease. close relationship with the tourists at Greenwood Resort in Assam.
On this occasion, Dr H Bani, one of the oldest Khasi doctors, gave a speech in which he said that at this time, the problem is that many herbal medicines have been lost. species begin to become extinct due to environmental degradation. To prevent diseases, we need to protect the environment.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah PT Sawkmie said that it is unacceptable that the money of the Council has been deposited in the plan of no one. .
He also alleged that the Damsite Bridge has been destroyed by the State Government since ancient times because it has allowed trucks carrying more than 6 tonnes even though it knows that the bridge is very old. and whose life is ended.
Shillong, Nailar 19: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, today said that a meeting has been held to discuss the COVID-19 pandemic. 19.
This is also a tribute to the doctors, nurses and all those who work in the health centers to prevent the spread of Corona virus. The tribute goes to all the staff of the health department.
The International Film Festival of India (IFFI), established in 1952, is one of the most prestigious film festivals in Asia.
The curfew was lifted for 7 hours on July 3, 2018 from 8 pm to 3 pm, and the curfew will remain in force from 3 pm until further notice. even.
The question now is “whether the Government through the Transport Department will do with the remaining money or will it return it or will it consider doing something else?
When the vehicles of these traders came, they sent to phone these drivers who should have asked them to send the money to their Gpay after they had deposited their goods. Incidents happen from time to time with traders from Assam.
Shillong, Lber 05: Two days after the funeral, the body of Bah Lurshai Hynniewta will be buried at the door. U Blei, who lost his life in a sudden attack by the authorities in Ichamati, East Khasi Hills District after a rally against CAA and ILP by four organizations including KSU, FKJGP, HNYF & RBYF on 28th June
After receiving the complaint, the union will meet with the Deputy Commissioner of the district tomorrow to seek a report on how the works related to the road have progressed.
The Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah Samlin Malangniang, MLAs who were present on the occasion were Bah SK Sunn MLA of Shillong, Bah Wailad Shylla, Bah Lamphrang Blah MDC Shillong, Bah Lamphrang Blah. June 22: A group of civil society organizations under the auspices of the Coordination Committee of Meghalaya Social Organizations (CoMSO) today launched a statewide protest to demand the government to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP). and the end of the lama iiong.
When asked how they escaped to Shane, the KSU members replied that there were no searchers and they came safely without any search from the check gates in Meghalaya.
The Indo Pacific region is a region that everyone is watching because of its development in terms of risk areas.
“We cannot say that many of the businesses from large to small especially in East Jaintia Hills District have been owned by foreigners and Nepalis.
Out of these 11 candidates, four candidates have been sent by the party to contest from Shillong seat including Government Minister Alexander L. Hek, Dr Fenela Lyngdoh Nonglait and former BJP President. BJYM President Mewaker Lyngdoh and Sumitra Laloo.
(2) That paragraph 12 of the Sixth Schedule has been inserted by paragraph 12(A) of the Amendment to the Sixth Schedule on 19—, in which the Government of India has adopted the They shall make laws on the earth.
Therefore, the Seng demands that the GRINFRA Project should translate the BARAPANI into UMIAM which is the Khasi language.
Five of these police stations have been upgraded from outpost to police station while 40 have been newly established.
Shillong, November 22: The FKJGP under the leadership of its President Bah Wilbert Rani in the presence of members of the Khasi Butcher Association (KBA) has met with Bah HDR Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of They demanded that the government should not send for examination of animals that are not eaten by doctors.
New Delhi, Jymmang 29: The process of issuing citizenship certificates under the Citizenship (Amendment) Rules, 2024 has started in West Bengal. Empowered Committee, West Bengal as citizens of the country.
“I am surprised to see that my brother has lodged a complaint against the KSU, because I spoke to him and he said he had no information. ei ei on the complaint against the KSU"
After the bomb blast, the four persons were informed to the West Jaintia Hills Police Station and by the time the police arrived, the four persons were seriously injured and died on the spot. The bodies of the victims were taken to Civil Hospital Jowai for post mortem.
Shillong, November 23: The Congress party today held a meeting to discuss how to deal with the Sixth Schedule areas in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Nailur 07: U Bah Latiplang Kharkongor EM in charge of Elaka Affairs today said that the KHADC will hold a general meeting of all the 54 Elaka under the jurisdiction of the KHADC. The purpose of the amendment to the Sixth Schedule is to be consulted before it is sent to the Central Government through the State Government.
In this incident, all the belongings inside the house including the crops of Kong Christina Mynsong were destroyed.
Other MLAs who attended the inspection were W Mawsor HSPDP, Embhah Syiemlieh UDP, accompanied by MDCs and other party officials.
Shillong, Nailur 28: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today visited the Iewduh at 5 pm.
Shillong, November 05: The Government of Meghalaya today issued a Government Notice regarding the villages included in the Lumshnong C&RD Block under East Jaintia Hills District. and Conrad K Sangma.
Those who have been threatened with losing food, ration and other government benefits if they don't have Aadhaar, including losing access to schools or colleges and losing food, can't file ; Those who have received a pension but have been threatened or threatened with losing their pension rights because they do not have Aadhaar, can also file an affidavit.
So far, more than 32 crore people have participated in the nationwide cleanliness drive in the past 14 days, with the participation of about 2.3 crore people per day in around the country.
Earlier, in his opening remarks, Vairagyachaitanya Maharaj, Deputy in Charge of the Centre, congratulated all the students and urged them to accept the teachings of Swami Vivekananda. to succeed in life and to say that man is the creator of his own destiny.
Shillong, Naitung 14: BSF troops at Bagli Border Out Post this morning received a tip that some people were trying to enter Bangladesh but when they saw the BSF troops they fled the area. BSF seized 16 song.
Shillong, July 04: The 15th Finance Commission headed by its Chairman NK Singh today held a meeting with the members of the Autonomous Development Councils of the state. Meghalaya.
The first and second floors of the house were constructed by M/s SA Builders and the third to sixth floors were constructed by M/s Astra Construction Pvt Ltd. to the hands of Bah Leseley Shylla to complete this work.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: U Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, MDC from Nongthymmai Constituency today came to encourage Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit on his resignation due to the reservation policy.
The DC promised to take action on this issue and direct the authorities to take the necessary action.
Nongkhyllem is the second most vulnerable forest in Meghalaya and covers an area of ​​29 Sq Kms.
She said, “All the problems before 2014 were solved through our economic management and the Government's governance and these led the country to the path of development. faithful".
The inspection of foreigners should also go hand in hand with the collaboration with the various Dorbar Shnongs so that the illegal entry of foreigners can be better curbed as this issue affects the ownership of the property. the Khasi in their own land and also in the livelihood of the Khasi people in their own Bri U Hynniewtrep.
Police have not yet been able to confirm whether they are members of the GNLA or just thieves who commit crimes in the name of others.
Income generation opportunities are changing according to the needs of people and the environment.
It may be recalled that it was during the dorbar synrai of the KHADC that the House had decided to appoint a House Committee to inspect the site and meet with the residents of the area to understand the situation. problems that people face.
As a sign of protest against the stone throwing of coal trucks, the truck drivers have decided to stop the transportation of coal to Bangladesh tomorrow morning and to demand that the police should arrest them. immediately to these wicked men.
He said that the cow traders have expressed their willingness to pay for the Tika, but the price is T.25 tyngka each and now they have received information that some of them are only T.15 tyngka.
Therefore, I have sent a letter to the Minister of State Bah Comingone Ymbon to demand that the toilet should be opened immediately without delay within 10 (Shiphew) days. safety and benefit of the people who come to the area.
On the other hand, the CEM of KHADC said that the word “Facilitate” means “Facilitation” and therefore “Facilitation Center” means “Places of Comfort” for tourists, visitors with understanding. strong warning to these “Facilitation Centres” – “.
The purpose of holding the municipal elections is to destroy the customs and traditions and to immediately abolish what we have as a nation, said the KSU. Across the country, the municipal elections should be held, because it is a tool to destroy the powers of the Dorbar Shnongs, Rangbah Shnongs and it will be part of the mushlia who are not the owners of the land. customs of the human race.
Many people have questioned whether Meghalaya will be able to host the National Games in
The closing date for nomination will be 7 June 2023, scrutiny of nomination papers will be on 8 June 2023 and the withdrawal date if any will be 10 June 2023.
Princess Giri Rashir received the Ramnath Goenka Award for Excellence in Journalism on 19 October 2024 and is currently working with East Mojo News Portal, Guwahati.
Shillong, Naitung 28: There are 114 new cases of COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, 1 in East Khasi Hills and 1 in North West Khasi Hills. Garo Hills 2, Ri Bhoi 3, South Garo Hills 6, South West Garo Hills 10, West Garo Hills 70, West Jaintia Hills 5, West Khasi Hills
During this long and hot walk, the walkers were delighted because inside the paths, in the middle of the forest they found many of these creatures and creatures of nature.
The march will start from Madan Iewrynhep and end at the Mini Stadium of St Anthony's School. The march will start at 10.00 pm and at the Mini Stadium a prayer will be held by all the religious groups after which they will leave. to submit a petition to the President of India through the Governor of the State.
This is the reason why the leaders of the past understood that if the wish of the Assam government is implemented, the Khasi Jaintia and Garo people will reach the end of the world. Special thanks to the leaders who have established their own state.
Shillong, Lber 10: The body of Bah Macmilan Kharshandy, who passed away at the hands of the people of Lad Mawlang, was laid to rest today. this is a sad thing.
The Minister urged all the teachers who have not yet completed their training to do so through the available training facilities.
He is currently in the custody of the Bangladesh Police at Sherpur Police Station to complete the necessary procedures according to the rules and regulations of Bangladesh.
The outbreak of Covid-19 and the slowdown in economic activities have affected the need for these loans.
Therefore, the issuance of NOCs will be at the discretion of the Rynjah Dorbar Shnong.
Marak, who is from Purakhasia village in South West Garo Hills, said he is currently in Shillong to talk to the party leaders to ask for their support to give the Congress ticket to contest against him. PA Sangma is from Tura.
This includes parking facilities for the opening programme, provision of transport facilities between different venues of the festival free of charge and also procedures for booking screenings and other aspects.
By this order, the Commission has placed the responsibility on the printers, publishers, licensees and contractors of the village authorities who rent out advertisements related to political activities in public places.
The NPP has warned the state president of the BJP that he is not allowed to reveal the MDA party in the media except through the Coordination Committee. MDA The NPP leader from Khasi-Jaintia has also warned that it is better for the BJP to leave the MDA government if it does not like the MDA under the leadership of the party. ,I'm not sure what to do, I don't know if I'm going to NPP.
Shillong, March 19: Hundreds of youths from the area have participated in the Nehru Yuva Kendra (NYK), Jaintia Hill District.
In this regard, FKJGP has also met with the former Minister of Education Dr RC Laloo. children because they don't have teachers.
These temporary rongphong of these parties will not be able to glorify the country and the nation if these same leaders lead our state because as we know clearly that the leaders who are not from the Congress party, do What is the time of the snow, the rain, the snowstorm, the snowstorm, and the snowstorm? Do these leaders have the willingness to visit the people of the state who are suffering and grieving at that time of the border incident with Assam? and fix the border with the Assamad International Border? This is the only rongphong election of these people who are powerless to hold the throne in the rule of law. Why didn't he come at the time of the Meghalaya-Assam border incident when he is also a resident of Assam neighboring the state? If there is a true spirit of responsibility for India and the smooth running of the country, the visit and departure of these Congress leaders from Delhi to Meghalaya is only for the sake of getting Will the use of helicopters for the election bring about a change in the governance of the State? This is the question of Bah Majaw.
He said that the HYC's findings through RTI are part of the report and cannot be detailed yet as the report is long and will be posted on the website for public information.
Other requirements shall be as directed by the Election Commission of India.
On the other hand, HANM, while responding to the unfounded allegations of Bah Lois Dohtdong who has recently left the party, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani said that HANM is not happy to accept him to join HANM. On the allegation by Bah Dohtdong that HANM does not have money, he admitted that HANM does not have funds or money because HANM is not an organization to earn money but works for the country and the country. community.
Bah Shylla said that this was done under Article 29 of the Constitution of India under Article (I).
Although it is not known when this will happen, Bah Nongsiang said that the party has expressed its satisfaction that the work has been done after the party has been protesting and demanding from time to time. you time until now.
However, if you don't, India will respond.
The purpose of the meeting was to express the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India. in the city of Delhi.
On the part of the party, Dr Jemino Mawthoh, who came to represent the UDP candidate, included Dr M Ampareen Lyngdoh from the NPP, Dr Speaking on the common platform, Prof Lakhon Kma expressed the concern that the youth are unemployed in the state and even in the central government.
“This silence of the government has affected the students who still want to continue their education,” said Batkupar Lamurong. When I look at this college, I feel like the government is encouraging students to drop out of part-time studies.
Manipur has looked into the construction of an industrial park in Bishnupur district.
All the villages in Garo Hills under the census have received electricity.
The Department of Agriculture today released the list of 42 students who have been selected for Meghalaya, said Bah Enlang Sawian, Secretary Education Cell Cell HYC CEC. : The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today expressed his deep sorrow over the passing away of former President of India Pranab Mukherjee.
Minister Duh spoke about his meeting with the Pope and said he discussed with him the problems facing people today, adding that they agreed that it is necessary to have cooperation. to correct these.
Thabah recalled that Martin Narayan Majaw, during his 13 months as Minister in 1978, had broken the border at Khanduli, removed the gate at Byrnihat and had broken the gate at Byrnihat. Promulgation of the Meghalaya Land Transfer Act,
The admit cards of those who have applied will be printed after 28th November so that they can take part in the competition.
After being arrested on Tuesday night, they were detained at Sohra Police Station and on Tuesday morning they were brought to Shillong and detained at Sadar Police Station for further investigation. inquiry.
This group includes all the heads of state of Meghalaya who are elected by the people and this system has been inherited since ancient times.
Jowai, November 15: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) in a statement today through its General Secretary Samla Emperor Bareh expressed its appreciation to the Laskein Block West Jaintia Hills District for the successful implementation of the MNREGS Scheme. The Shispah Scheme has been a great blessing to the villages and the area as a whole.
As the party, we believe that the works and deeds of Mrs. Spility Lyngdoh Langrin have indeed been a lesson and encouragement to the party and the Jaitbynriew to stand firm on the foundation.
The Minister of Defense and Cooperation said that the foundation of cooperation cannot be achieved without PACS. this lagged behind and why PACS were banned.From this, it was found that there was no scope to include activities other than agricultural lending in the laws related to PACS.Thus , we have prepared laws and sent these to the states and they have discussed in detail.
Shillong, Nailur 22: U Michael Kharsyntiew, one of the candidates for the BJP ticket from the 17-North Shillong Constituency, on Tuesday said that the BJP is a party that has a strong sense of order in running the party.
“We don't want the state government to investigate, the central government should investigate, we demand that the central government or the state government should pay the compensation, because until now there has been no assistance to the injured,” he said. Denzil Kalai.
On the other hand, the Dorbar Shnong congratulated Bah AL Hek for taking the initiative to cooperate with the Dorbar Shnong for the benefit of many churches if this road can be implemented soon. foot.
Regarding the preparations for the shad, the Assistant Secretary of the Dorbar Raid Nongtung, said that before the Lakhompong shad, the children make the tyngkong kron and two days have been selected. Muso to go to Laban (Shillong) to buy all the necessities for the Lakhomphong festival and the festival has been chosen to be held on Musiang or Mushai but there are other years that cannot be avoided. any day but shall be excluded from the months of April, June or June.
Shillong, March 03: The Garo Students' Union (KSU) has sent a statement to the Khonjoy Regional Unit to clarify that they should warn the land owners and Khasi villagers not to build houses. to stop the works done by the land owners on their own land from Khonjoy area to Maheshkhola.
The 42nd batch of 98 members who have come for special training this time will soon complete the special training.
After the UPSC accepted three nominations for the post of Director General of Police, the BJP Meghalaya State Unit on Friday met with the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma. Idashisha Nongrang, IPS (RR – 1992) as the DGP of the State.
If you want to go to school abroad, you have to work hard and get at least 95% marks, she said.
If this is the case, they are not happy to continue their work and they have given the government 10 months until 18th July 2021 to pay our salaries. it did nothing it was decided that they should stop working immediately.
The number of active cases in Meghalaya has risen to 28 with the confirmation of these two cases and 43 others have recovered from the disease in Meghalaya.
Several people were injured in the incident and at the time of publication of this news, the number of injured has not been counted.
The fire brigade arrived at the scene in time to extinguish the tree but due to the intensity of the fire it took several hours to extinguish the fire.
It was acknowledged that the Social Welfare Department has appointed Kara Kharkongor for only six months and before the end of this month the government has been able to appoint a full Chairperson within the Commission.
In a petition signed by the Managing Director Samla Pynskhemlang W.Uriah, it said, “JETS 24X7 is a two wheeler operating system for the benefit of the passengers in the state. The goal is to create job opportunities for the Khasi youth in our society and our goal is to “Uplift Our Own”.
NEIGRIHMS has done this to help the people of the North East of India to get treatment at this time of crisis.
On the other hand, the Governor said that after his arrival in the state, he had the intention to put up a portrait of these freedom fighters but it took time. The project was completed today by Bah Raphael Warjri.
Shillong, November 30: NESFAS in collaboration with the Global Himalayan Expedition (GHE) has provided electricity to four villages by installing solar lights.
After counting the votes, the Deputy Speaker announced that Bah Metbah has been the winner of the election for the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya.
The opening ceremony of the Footbridge and Footpath at Mawkria Village was witnessed by the Local Leaders, Riew Rangbah, Long Kmie and also the young men of Mawkria.
The philosophy of the VPP is the same, only the righteous, all those who steal for that reason does not fit in this society.
At this meeting held on the 17th of this month at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, the party elected Bah Starwin Kharjana as the new president of the party.
After that, the leaders and members of the party went to lay flowers at the cemetery at Domiasiat.
Startups have also benefited from drones and it has helped in innovation and technology.
The party will not oppose the implementation of the Roster System or Reservation Policy but only opposes the implementation since
The GNLA delegation was led by Area Commander Chingnang, also known as Nun.
“We want the MLA to speak on this in the Budget Session of the Legislative Assembly,” he said.
RBPC President Samla Jayson Lennox Nongrum in an interview with the media said that the RBPC has decided to hold a sit-in protest with a request to all the job seekers. result to take part in this protest.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that we have worked together for the benefit of others and to celebrate childhood, when we look forward to the days of the youth, the elderly, but the golden season in life is childhood.
Jowai, Jul The Body strongly condemns the bloodthirsty people who have committed this act of violence which has shocked the people of Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, July 04: U Dr. Ricky Andrew J. Syngkon on Tuesday said that the goal of the VPP is to renew and transform Meghalaya. After the announcement of his victory by the Returning Officer of the 1-Shillong Parliamentary (ST) Constituency.
In his speech, Bah CVD Diengdoh congratulated the employees of the Bank for expanding their branch in Sohra.
The union also demanded that the Beljek Airport should be operational as promised by former President of India Pratibha Patel. .
On the other hand, the members of the NCC took the oath to maintain order and unity on this day of the celebration of their month and encouraged them how to become workers. the future of the country.
These proteins are produced by immune cells known as B-lymphocytes that help fight the coronavirus.
Surana handed over the check to the Chairman of the Club RL Sethia in the presence of club members Biman Talukdar and DrKK Jhunjhunwala, former District Governor and member of the club.
The convocation was held for the 95th batch of trainees who participated in the session from January to July 2022 with 1700 youth from different parts of the North East.
Piyush Goyal, Minister of State for Textiles and Commerce &amp; Industries, inaugurated the site in the presence of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma.
In his speech, Deputy Commissioner Ramkumar expressed his satisfaction that many people came to take part even after a short period of time.
Dr Mukul said the protest cannot be justified by damaging the property of the government and the people and also spoke about the laws and regulations prohibiting the curfew and other protests. .
Shillong, Naitung 13: Harsh Verdhan, one of the judges of the Hiphop dance competition held in Shillong today, said that the spread of drug abuse has been across India.
The petition expressed the objectives of the North East Special Software Package for the development of the North Eastern Region of India which was launched in for all states in the region.
In the complaint, Kong Martina said that on Tuesday at 11.30 pm, three persons without uniform who claimed to be BSF personnel came and forcibly broke the door. They also broke the door of the house and also started assaulting her husband, Bah Shanroi Lyngkhoi.
India's revenue is now one of the lowest in the world.
In improving electrification and electricity consumption, India has set an inspiring example for the world.
Shillong, Nailar 21: About 40 percent of the factories in the Export Promotion Industrial Park (EPIP) in Byrnihat have closed down due to lack of electricity.
On this occasion, the operation of the Border Haat Balat was also explained to the students. They were taken to the market where there is a trade relationship between people from Bangladesh and India. expressed his appreciation for this opportunity to reach the border.
Miriam also expressed her gratitude to the Sports Department for their support in the trip of 10 players from the state to the country to compete in this tournament.
When inquired, it was said that the fire trucks had gone and returned many times to extinguish the fire.
The distribution of ksing includes those under the Seinraij Jowai and Sein Tylli Lang Niamtre as part of the celebration of Behdeinkhlam which will end on the 14th of this month.
Shillong, Nailur 04: The MeECL Engineers' Association (MEECL) has celebrated its 25th Anniversary by holding a two-day batmenton at Tirot Singh. Indoor Stadium.
The KSU also urges the people not to be afraid but to be prepared to help each other without any difference in village or region so that we can be successful in the fight against COVID
Nongtraw said that 70% of the residents of this area are illegal residents and not employees of the Shillong Municipal. right, the houses were sold for a reasonable price.
Shillong, July 20: The PWD, although it has cleaned the road from Mawiong to Khyndaitlad, has left about a meter of land in Motphrah without completing the cleaning. and the water was like the Dohkha River.
so from Branch's side he explained and interestingly from his side.
This information has enlightened the organization.
The Commissioner of Transport of Meghalaya has been informed of the incident.
Shillong, July 28: A group of civil society organizations including TUR, CSWO, KSU, FKJGP and KWADA have strongly condemned the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District for allegedly insulting the village authorities. in connection with the priest of Riad Nongkrem.
Shillong, Nailur 23: AITC Vice President Zenith Sangma, who is also Rangsakona MLA, on Tuesday said that the situation within MeECL is very worrying. The government has exceeded its powers and this will lead to the handover to the private sector. This will happen now without any price. MeECL's monthly expenditure is T.135 crore while revenue is only T.71 crore.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 485 people have recovered from East Khasi Hills, 155 from West Garo Hills and 100 from West Garo Hills. The total number of cases so far has risen to
At the same time, Bah Gerald Warjri urged all the Dorbar Shnongs not to allow foreign doctors to set up private clinics except those who come to work. “We have been working with hospitals in the area,” said Bah Gerald Warjri in a statement.
Shillong, November 06: The Deputy Commissioner's Office in collaboration with SBI and UBI will hold a Coin Mela on Tuesday on the 12th of this month. This month and will start at 10 pm.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today laid the foundation stone for the construction of the Science and Library Block named after Father Joseph Bacchiarello Annexe.
The decision of the Supreme Court of India that the post of MDC is not a job of corruption, has shown that the Act is dead, said the BJP leaders. The Act stipulates that out of the five MLAs who are also MDCs, nine of them have resigned and this has led to the mid-term MDC election and the cost has reached Rs 2 crore. This is the people's opinion, this action of the government has wasted public money and Dr Mukul has to take responsibility for this.
One of the rules is that schools should set up a special committee to look into the incident and report any incident within 48 hours.
Friends, in the midst of the shortage of resources in the country, I have a special appeal to the young scientists of the country to strive to find a cure for Coronavirus for the benefit of the world and people. everything.
Shillong, May 30: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today said that 742 people have tested positive for COVID-19 and 7496 people are still in critical condition in the state.
Speaker of the Legislative Assembly AT Mandal told SP News Agency that five days have been allocated for the government and two days for the opposition members. bring any bills if you have them.
There are 464 cases of COVID-19 in the country, 54 cases have recovered and 34 cases have been admitted to hospital.
Shillong, November 29: The National President of the National People's Party (NPP) Conrad K Sangma today welcomed Bah Kimfa S Marbaniang into the party and announced that he will contest the 2023 MLA elections. and Rambrai Constituency.
In 2014, the HNLC had declared a ceasefire and at the same time on the Independence Day of India, the HNLC had not called a curfew. These are the witnesses who have testified.
Zenith M Sangma MLA Rangsakona on this occasion congratulated the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma for coming personally to open these two schools in his constituency. The day was filled with the performances of the students.
Shillong, March 26: U Bah James Lyngdoh today welcomed Bah Himalaya Shangpliang to the Congress party at a public meeting held at Congress Bhavan. Hundreds of members of the Mawsynram Block Congress Committee (MBCC) attended the meeting.
In a statement sent to the media, Bah Nongrum reminded that according to the census submitted to the Government, there are only 184 households recognized as Government employees.
jowai@gmail.com, Phone (O)-0364-2914127).
Therefore, the Seng invites and invites all the residents of Mawlai Village from students, shopkeepers, Driver Association, Village Officials, Sengbhalang Officials to prominent people or dignitaries to join us. The training programme, where experts from the department, will come to provide free training and treatment.
The incident occurred at 9.30 pm.
He said that they have started to build many new buildings for primary schools.
Nan Polok is a place that attracts people from all over the country to walk here from children to the elderly as well as this bridge has become a place where people enjoy standing and walking. and he brought the fish.
The date of the protests will be announced later.
Other villages affected by the cold weather include Umden Arka and the entire Umden area, which is near the airport, Umroi, which has experienced the same cold weather. The incident occurred at 3 pm, when many farms of the residents were affected by the natural disaster.
The Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan was the chief guest at the inauguration of the programme.
If you are found guilty, the punishment will be severe.
Referring to the number of voters, the Commission congratulated the government and especially the Election Department for providing 100% of the voters with EPIC. By mid-July 2018, EPICs will be distributed to all those who have just registered.
On the other hand, Bah Marbaniang said that as of now, the MBOSE will write to the government to send the certificates to the MBOSE before appointing anyone in government offices to find out the facts. whether the certificate is valid or not.
The Muaythai competitors also said that there is a difference between the rules of conduct abroad compared to the rules of conduct here in the state.
On the part of the Principal of the school, HM Marwein, she expressed her gratitude to the Minister of State who is also the MLA of this area who announced what the government has done for this purpose. school.
They visited the Secretariat today to carry placards to inform the government that the day laborers have faced difficulties due to the closure of the dam and now the government should determine when it will help the poor. Last year it spent T.52 crore and now it should help.
The Rangbah Shnongs together with the Police will have to work together to ensure that the Social Distance is maintained during the opening hours of the shops.
Shillong, Nailar 25: The State Informatics Officer, Bah Timothy Dkhar, on Tuesday said that the government has launched the Hackathon 2017 with the aim of encouraging the public to participate in the Hackathon The Government will take steps to bring about cleanliness in Shillong and at the same time to relieve traffic jam.
The family members of the woman tried to investigate from her husband but he tried to answer in some way and later he disappeared and fled the scene. The village authorities of Nongtraw village have informed the police who have rushed to Nongtraw village to conduct a thorough investigation to find out the truth.
Shillong, Nailur 30: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today laid the foundation stone for the construction of 23 km of road near Maweit village in West Khasi Hills District. Nongstoin to Maweit.
Shillong, July 16: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that a man from Ri Bhoi District has tested falsely positive for COVID-1
With the use of these pumps of Coal India Ltd, the water inside the coal mine has been pumped.
: means money – money is allocated exactly as required and money is the commodity of all the goods and services used by the people.
When listening to the opinion of the Khasi Seng, we will come to the conclusion that if we want to explain India, we don't need to read many writings, because the three foundations of the Khasi Seng, such as the Khasi people and the culture. Khasi thinking takes this world as a whole.
Williamnagar, Jymmang 02: The District Administration of East Garo Hills under the supervision of the Arts and Culture Department of the Government of Meghalaya will produce a film on the food of the Garo people. first attempt.
Jowai, June 19: The residents of Mukroh village on the border with Karbi-Anglong, Assam have expressed their concern over the raid by Assam police in the village since “We don't know why these police came to patrol inside our village,” said the former Rangbah Shnong of the village, who did not want to be named. .
Referring to the allegations of corruption, Dr Ao said the BJP has another position which they will do now. The CBI investigation requires sufficient evidence and this will be discussed with the President of the BJP Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the BSF said that the courage of the cow traders this year has increased their willingness to travel to Bangladesh to deliver the cows, but with the presence of the BSF troops, this has been prevented. you are not legal.
Until now, the Council has not been able to take ownership of the purchased land and has had to set up an office on a piece of land donated by the landowners,” he said.
Expressing his sorrow over the sudden passing away of Meiieid Spility Lyngdoh Langrin, Samla Ostarnic said, “The Seng is deeply saddened to learn of the sudden passing away of Meiieid Spility Lyngdoh Langrin. “Meiieid Spility Lyngdoh is a good example for us as members of the Seng to stand on a firm foundation like Meiieid,” he said. more.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Dy SP in charge of vehicles of Ri Bhoi District said that the police have not yet identified the name of the suspect. died in this tragic accident.
When the media tried to inquire about the villages, the two committee leaders declined to comment.
There are 11 recoveries so far, 6 cases from East Khasi Hills District, 4 cases from Ri Bhoi District, 1 case from South West Khasi Hills. 83257 people.
Modern lifestyle has brought many problems like stress and others.
The announcement was signed by the Director of Commerce and Industry, Bah JK Mawlong.
The CEO of Meghalaya Government has said this in response to a question by SP News Agency whether it is true that the ECI is involved in the MDC elections in the state, as claimed by the UDP party. in the election manifesto released on Monday.
The Government has decided to attract investors to the tourism industry and this will be even in the rural areas in order to boost the income of the state and especially the people to become one of the lat earnings.
said Bah PN Syiem.
Shillong, Nailar 07: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today said that the 5th Anniversary of the South West Garo Hills District, Ampati. The new district has brought about many changes in the development of the state.
SP City Chief Officer Bah Vivek Syiem today personally investigated the incident of a petrol tanker truck in Nongrim Hills together with other officers from the police station. police.
In another incident, a petrol bomb exploded at Mahri Petrol Pump in Shillong at about 5 pm.
The BJP has said that the victory of the Congress in these four states shows that the people of India will reject the Congress in the upcoming Loh Sabha elections. in the year
When asked, Paul said he could not comment on this as the Prime Minister Conrad Kongkal Sangma and the Principal Secretary to the Prime Minister in charge of Home Affairs Prestone Tynsong are outside Shillong.
The convener of the team, Bah Iakmenlang Wankhar, urged many of the youth to come and witness the event as part of the encouragement to the youth to showcase their skills. their skills in the game of ball.
The Chief Minister said that it is urgent to strengthen the work of the police in order to fight against the insurgents and as of now the state relies only on the troops provided by the army. the central government.
Speaking at the meeting, Union Minister Dr Jitender Singh said that politics is the heart and soul of democracy in India and it is time for the youth who have the They should enter politics and this will be an opportunity for the youth to shape the future of the country.
Furthermore, 15% of India's total natural gas production comes from this region.
Shillong, March 31: The Khasi Disabilities Association (KDA) has submitted a petition to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya through the Minister in charge of Social Welfare, Deborah Marak.
Speeches were delivered by Mr Chawas Lyngdoh, Doloi Raliang and President of the Dorbar.
This will help to solve the problem of shortage of doctors and specialists in some parts of the country.
I thank every citizen of the country for this," he added.
The AJYWO also urges the GR Infrastructure Ltd to expedite as soon as possible the painting of those areas where the old paint of this road has been removed so that the garbage will not be destroyed. The pum caused by the deforestation of the syrtap above the road will not affect the health of the people from those who have houses along the road and also to the passengers passing through the road. .
The union said that all those who have done this should stop within 30 days. otherwise the organization will not be able to do anything strong.
To fight against this, we need to increase the budget, we need to increase the price of medicines, we need to respect each other and the most important thing is to join hands with everyone.
The chief guest of the second session, Vijay Kumar, urged the youth to use their talents for the betterment of the people of the country.
Doctors and police should be careful to ensure that the evidence is not forgotten.
To urge the State Government to allocate a separate share from the budget of the State Government to the 54 Hima/Elaka in Khasi Hills, 19 Elaka in Jaintia Hills and for the Council of Nokmas as part of the support for the development of their powers in relation to the administration, khaddar, and judgment of the children of the thousands in their Hima/Elaka.
Referring to the issue of holding elections to all VECs, the Minister said that he will take responsibility for this and to ensure that all the VECs in the Block will work. Regarding the bank accounts of those who work for 100 days, he said that many of them do not have bank accounts because there are too few banks in the state.
After this, a meeting was held at Bishop's Hall with the aim of training and informing the residents of the area especially the students about eye care, the value of eyes, the problems and prevention of diseases. face.
When inquired, he said that the people who took part in the march to Shillong are from 100 villages in the Umden area.
On this day, despite the spread of COVId-19, prominent personalities from all over the Khasi Hills have come to pay their last respects to this great man.
At these training centres, there was an explanation by government officials on the rights of consumers.
On the other hand, the KSU Nongmynsong today distributed Kymbor Syaid and other necessities to some of the households in the village.
The KSU EJHDU has strongly condemned the BSF for violence against the residents of Kuliang Village in the evening by shooting and bombing women, children and elderly people without forgiveness.
Thomas Sangma is an NPP MLA from 50-North Tura and has won twice from the same constituency. He was also an MP of the Rajya Sabha from 2008 to 2014 from the NPP. Lber 07: Meghalaya Police have arrested two persons and seized drugs worth T.40 lakh.
Speaking to reporters, Roy Kupar Synrem, General Secretary of the HYC, said that the same letter has been sent to the Secretary in charge of Electricity Department.
The awarding ceremony was held at Salem Secondary School, Laitkor, where the ASHAs were awarded T.3000/- and Aganwadis were awarded T.2000/- for their hard work in the field. You are not affected by the COVID-19 pandemic.
Amit Sinha, Sub Inspector of Unarmed Police, Ri Bhoi District, was killed in a car accident in Gurgoan, Delhi on Saturday morning.
On the other day, he will visit Raj Bhavan in the morning and in the afternoon he will visit the place of worship at Nartiang East Jaintia Hills.
Dr D Momin, M&HO, said that he has heard that there is a herb used by traditional healers for this disease, and urged the farmers to come forward if they have the knowledge of They are regarding the medicines needed in the treatment of those suffering from this terrible disease.
On the other hand, Dr Shreeranjan encouraged the people to do how to find new plants and if they find them, send them to the MBB to put them in writing and this will help the state to put them in the list. the number of plant species in the state.
Shillong, November 13: Banshai Dkhar, Nodal Officer of the Indian Oil Corporation (IOC), on Tuesday said that applications have been invited for 56,000 petrol pumps in India. for Meghalaya, there are 238 cases.
The Ministers who attended the meeting included Minister in charge of Ports Sarbananda Sonowal, who is also from the North East, Assam, who has been re-elected to the Cabinet of the government. Narendra Modi as the Prime Minister of India.
She said that the way of life of the indigenous peoples contributes to the promotion of the country's goals related to the conservation of natural resources and the maintenance of order in the environment.
Speaking in the House, Mahendraganj MLA Dikkanchi D Shira said that according to the Transit Pass issued by the government to trucks carrying stone, only 12 metric tonnes while vehicles carry more than 40 metric tonnes.
He urged the office bearers of the party to take responsibility for the work because it was established for the benefit of the people of Mawsynram constituency living in Shillong. Avoid politics because all the needs of the people which are development projects, 80 percent should go through the people's leaders, but there are MLAs when they are Ministers in the state government they don't think about the state but they think only of themselves.
“The Government will not do anything to cause suffering to the people and there may be a few or two who die after the injection and not all,” he said.
"Recalling the words of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, who said, “Growth will not come to India if the North East does not get the same growth as other countries. part of the country,".
There are many kinds of activities that youngsters who have passed only VIII and above can go and take part.
Shillong, Lber 23: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Titosstarwell Chyne today said that the KHADC has not yet issued the NOC for the construction of the railway line despite the government's 39 reminders. Speaking to reporters, the CEM of KHADC today denied that the Symbut Myntri Rangbah said that the KHADC has already issued permission or NOC to the It is for the purpose of building a railway line in Byrnihat.
Kharshiing and Sangma were taken to Ialong CHC for treatment and from there they were sent to NEIGRIHMS Shilong for further treatment.
The Prime Minister has taken over two government departments from Prestone and handed over to Sanbor, the Ministry of Agriculture, the Ministry of Labour, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. Alexander Laloo Hek was arrested on Wednesday.
The tournament started on the 10th and ended on the 12th of this month. The youth tournament of Meghalaya won 5 gold, 10 silver and 27 medals were awarded.
The Khasi Author Society (KAS) has decided to follow up on the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India as soon as the new Government is formed in Delhi after the Lok elections. The meeting will be held on July 4,
Another Congress candidate Santius Kujur also won against the AIUDF candidate with 45 votes while Aminul Islam received only 18 votes.
The judges of the competition were Mr. Ajay Gupta.
Shillong, Nailur 22: The 9th Cash Prize Football Tournament 2019 was held in Shillong today.
He said the Government of Assam will provide all necessary support for the implementation and dissemination of information on these three new laws in collaboration with the Government of India.
The Minister said that in this sacred forest known as Khloo Blai there are many kinds of flowers and this forest has a beautiful flower known as “Bulbopyllum”.
This shows that the government wants to use its power to take the land for the construction of the NST. civil society organizations to hold public meetings and should be quick to come forward to speak in the heat of the moment.
There are three teachers in the Upper Primary School under the SSA, one teacher in the Lower Primary School paid by the government. neither shall they sit down with the children of the wicked.
Shillong, Lber 04: A meeting was held at the residence of Dr Donkupar Roy President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) today.
The loan was taken to repay the debts of MeECL in the past 40 years to NEEPCO of T.600 crore, NTPC T.500 crore and others T.100 crore. He said that if MeECL does not take the loan within 50 years, the cost of the loan will reach T.3000 crore. To solve this problem, the Atmanirbhar Loan will have to be taken. .
Speaking to the supporters after the meeting with the Minister of Justice, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, Bah Ardent said that the party has no reason with the Police but the fight will be with the Ministers in charge of the Police. strength.
Furthermore, five Regional National Centers for Disease Control, 20 Metropolitan Units and 15 BSL Labs will strengthen this work, he said.
Shillong, March 11: A total of 139 people have been tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 74 in Ri Bhoi and 17 in West Garo Hills. 9, South West Khasi Hills 5, South West Garo Hills 4, West Jaintia Hills 2, West Khasi Hills 2, South Garo Hills 1 and the total number of cases is
To understand the starting point is three and a half years, at the Executive level it will be according to the needs, between one and three years and the training is up to them.
He said that any person involved in this crime will be arrested and prosecuted according to the rules of law.
The joining of these former leaders of the RBYF is a mutual honor, as it was the Ri-Bhoi Dorbar which first formed the RBYF in 1979, and it can be said that the Ri-Bhoi Dorbar is the mother of the RBYF to this day.
The NGT has scheduled the hearing for the 7th and 8th of March.
Shillong, Nailur 13: The Commissioner Secretary to the Legislative Assembly, Bah Andrew Simon today unveiled the statue of former MLA and MDC of Laban Bhaskar Choudhury. The statue was built at Lumkartic, Harisabha near Laban Dispensary, Shillong.
Shah said that when India reaches the $5 trillion economy, the North East should also set a target to play a major role in this effort and when India as a whole has developed. and self-sufficient by 2047, the North East will also be developed and self-sufficient.
The railway has 55 major bridges and 87 minor bridges, of which 12 major bridges have been completed and 85 minor bridges have been completed.
MDC and MLA, SSMP leaders, CEO of Shillong Municipal Board BS Sohlya and other government officials were present on the occasion. only on this day.
They include from Malamanoh, Moosniang, Moolang, Rangad and others.
There are 31 cases in the five districts, 12 cases from East Khasi Hills, 5 cases from West Garo Hills and 4 cases from West Jaintia Hills.
The BSF also seized T.20 lakh in Indian currency smuggled from Bangladesh.
The road to Mawryngkhang was built by the residents of the Society who are members of the Society who are not educated as Engineers or Architects but who have their own skills. have a different talent.
The letter was sent by Bah Enlang Sawian Secretary in charge of Education.
We also wish the family of this Rangbah good health and prosperity especially to continue and improve the work that this Rangbah has done.
The inter school athletic meet will be held for four days from 22nd to 25th June 2024 at SAI, STC NEHU campus.
Two laptops, a Lenovo and an HP, a Puma, a computer speaker were seized from the house of the accused. and the Madanriting police station.
Therefore, the police should investigate thoroughly to find out the facts because the people cannot believe and accept that there are foreigners who do such things because these places have become like High Security Zone where it is surrounded by guards.
At present, it is still able to pay the salaries of the employees but it can no longer lend money to the people because the employees live on the interest they receive from the loans.
He said that the need for the Internet is now inevitable, whether in offices, banks, trade, education and friendship, the Internet is also needed. The North East is still facing difficulties in this regard due to the lack of Internet access.
Although he has not yet said which party he will contest the MLA election in 2023, he said that he is very sorry for the incident involving the KHNAM. which is known to all.
They have now met with the government and they understand that the present government understands their demand.
Prime Minister Duh said the new Parliament will bring about the development of the world from the development of India.
The ban has been imposed in these areas to prevent the spread of COVID-19 and if anyone violates, they will be punished according to the law.
He said that parents are worried about the money to look after their children who have studied but don't have jobs. If you don't have a state, you don't have a job in Meghalaya.
In this statement, the KSU said that it has no objection to such human rights violations, but the minorities of the North East of India. you must take a careful reading.
He met with DG Assam Rifles Lt General PC Nair at the Assam Rifles Headquarters, Laitkor.
Furthermore, it was suggested to include apprenticeships and internships in school education at the post-secondary level.
Unfortunately, the state government has not taken action in this regard. What the party has done is to take responsibility for the cost. The state government has not been able to provide assistance like other states.
