Speaking to reporters after the meeting, NPP Leader Jamnes K Sangma said that the NPP has discussed many issues affecting the state. The NPP has demanded that the government should implement the ILP while the ID Card System has not been implemented in the state.
The Seng urges the Government not to accept the documents of foreigners who are willing to mislead and also who claim to be residents of this State just to participate in the Doctoral Scholarship. Shillong, Naitung 02: Pynkmenlang Sanmiet Education Secretary of KSU Shillong, Naitung 02: Regarding the seizure of T.80,000/- tyngka Four robbers were arrested at Medipathar in Meghalaya and in collaboration with the police of Meghalaya and Assam.
“He (Bah Ardent) signed an invalid document just to show the land taken and withdrew T.35,25,039 from the Accounts of the Council.
She has worked as an ANM and LHV for more than 35 years. She has served the people at Saipung Primary Health Center and is now working at Sutnga Community Health Centre.
Shillong, November 21: U Bah Teinwell Dkhar MDC of Shella today raised a question in the KHADC Legislative Assembly on why the employees of KHDAC receive their salaries so slowly and what measures have been taken to deliver their salaries. the salary shall be paid on time because the salary shall be paid more than the shiphew date of each month.
For more than a year, the department in the district has not had a full time District Medical & Health Officer and this has caused a lot of trouble. AL Hek and also the Director of Health Services.
Laitumkhrah Police Station after conducting an investigation found that the complaint was false and the police now have to find out who committed the crime by filing the complaint.
On this occasion, the residents of Shillong witnessed the celebration of the Army which was inaugurated by the Chief of Army Staff, Air Marshal C Hari Kumar by launching balloons.
Shillong, Nailur 10: The Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik today inaugurated the ISRO for the first time. First, he visited the Ramakrishna Mission and the Cathedral in Laitumkhrah.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: Two persons suspected to be involved in the murder of a 40-year-old child at Umtangar village in Ri Bhoi District have been arrested by the Ri Bhoi District Police today.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister stressed before the Union Minister that the mining of coal in the area is necessary and at the same time to protect the environment. .
Regarding this letter, the KHADC has sought legal action to reach the districts.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi today became the first Prime Minister to visit the Mawphlang Hima.
The meeting will be held at 11 pm in the Conference Room.
Aiban was elected as the Acting Syiem of Bhowal Hima after the resignation of Bah Kynsaiborlang N Syiem from the post of Acting Syiem of the Executive Committee of KHADC. Pangniang, Executive Member I/C Elaka Administration, has appointed Bah Aiban N Syiem as the new Acting Syiem of Bhowal Hima. the rule of the land within the Hima.
Speaking on the origin of Khasi songs, Bah P Kharshiing said that many of the writers have said that to find the origin of Khasi songs is to find the origin. of the Khasi.
Students who have completed their M.Sc or Ph.D.
The Secretary of the Hima, Ministers, Malngiang Kur and Rangbah Shnong were present to witness the installation of the throne by the CEM of KHADC as the full Syiem of Mawsynram Hima.
This dance shows the world that the Khasi have their own culture.
Prestone Symbut, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, said that the opening of this new district is to bring closer to the people the work of the government to provide convenience to the people in their daily needs. day.
Speaking at the College Week, Bah Shakliar Warjri said that the government has introduced many programs whether in education or sports. He urged the students of this college to take part in these programs of the State Government whether it is Yes Meghalaya, Prime Meghalaya, CM Elevate. that they can grow in their lives.
It is a disease that spreads through the air and is passed from one person to another by sneezing, coughing, or speaking loudly.
“For example, Khliehriat, the capital of East Jaintia Hills District, is written on the signboards as 'Khaleriat'; Lad-Rymbai is written as 'Ladrymbia' "; The road to Pamrapaithlu/Pamrakmai is written “Pambra” and other signboards in other places, villages and villages are wrong, perhaps wrong. I haven't seen it yet.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Kharjahrin expressed his appreciation to the 'Western Khasi Hala Ki Sap Ban Sei' for organizing this festival. to assist many families in improving their income in all aspects.
The JSU and Dawki Village have handed over the Bangladeshis to the Dawaki Police Station.
Passah said that some MLAs have spoken on this issue in the Assembly but the Chief Minister has replied that the demand to cancel the personal interview has been rejected. to have the income as well as the loss of income for the youth.
Lucretia Dohtdong was appointed as the reporter and Riwan-I Rymbai was appointed as the cultural secretary.
The Minister said that there should be a close relationship between the Village Authorities and officers to achieve the goal and asked the officers to look into the requests of the Rangbah Shnongs.
Shillong, Nailar 24: The Cabinet meeting today has decided to increase the government's share of MeECL to T.3000, Deputy Chief Minister Dr RC Laloo today said. crore rupees.
Mairang Police Station has arrested the suspect for further investigation. The suspect has been arrested by the Mairang Police Station for further investigation. on this incident.
Police have registered a complaint in connection with the incident and investigation is ongoing to track down the perpetrators.
As the Rangbah Shnongs of the area, they welcome the promise of the Minister to send an inspection and they will see after the government has sent an inspection and what decision it should take after the government has taken. the decision will be spoken again and now they will have nothing to say.
On the other hand, Bah Khonglam said that these teachers have been working in this field for more than decades but as it is now they will be dismissed because they have not passed the examination.
This is according to a statement sent by Chairman Employment and Development Cell of KSU Mawkyrwat Circle.
The Government should evacuate them within 10 months or face a serious problem,” said the HNLC. to the people, whether it be in any form.
This is to provide 4G internet to 1164 villages in Meghalaya which have not yet received it.
The Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raid and Dorbar Hima have urged the Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raid and Dorbar Hima to meet in their respective Hima to get an understanding on how to conduct this important task. – first in the NPR and after a thorough examination, only those names witnessed by the Rangbah Shnongs will be allowed to enter the National Citizens Register (NCR).
Therefore, the union urges the contractor and especially the PWD department to ensure that the construction will be smooth from now on for the benefit of the people of the area.
You think we are afraid and will run away from you, but NO, we will come running to you,” the statement said.
The union strongly condemns the DC and SP of Ri Bhoi District because it is clear that they are the ones who have oppressed the indigenous people and are the ones who have brought about racial discrimination in the land of Hynniewtrep. Shillong, July 28: Four persons have been injured in a road accident at 6 Miles Upper Shillong. Shillong, July 28: Four persons have been injured in a road accident at 6 Miles Upper Shillong.
Rural Development Officer of Resubelpara, North Garo Hills, Meghalaya.
On the other hand, HANM urges the KHADC to provide employment opportunities to the children or grandchildren of Meiieid Spelity Lyngdoh Langrin.
The Ministry of Information and Broadcasting has launched the Antarashtriya Yoga Diwas Media Samman (AYDMS) on 09.06.2023 to recognize the contribution of media outlets and companies in print, TV and radio to spread the message about the Yoga.
This three-day shad is one of the new customs of the Bri u Hynniewtrep u Hynniewskum, which is a sign of thanksgiving to God for the blessings he has given us. and that He might bless the children of men.
On the other hand, the union said that at present, the price of rice has reached T.1600/- to T.1650/- tyngka per 500 rupees. palat and this has affected the people who are poor and rich.
Answering questions, the Superintendent of Police said that she cannot say what they have to do, but she said that the strengthening of the security forces will be as usual.
Together with Stanley Nichols Roy, former MLA, they also suggested the establishment of the Meghalaya Community Relations Council as part of the process of bringing peace and stability in the state.
Therefore, it is necessary to look into this issue to encourage participation in the elections, he said.
He said that the Lyngkien sub center has been under construction since 2012 and was inaugurated today.
Speaking to SP News Agency, MDC of Rambrai Congress party Bajop Pyngrope said that if the party gives ticket and Charles Pyngrope gives his blessing, he is ready to contest the election. half-season.
On the other hand, there is also a shortage of jobs to be produced by factories.
And the question now is, why do you have to give that space?  If you have taken the Municipal employees to the Quarter of the Municipal, it is enough for the MDA Government. But why don't you hand over the other employees of other Government departments to the relevant departments to relocate them to their Quarters? “I agree with Bah Prestone that the land should not be owned by the people living in Them Iewmawlong, yes, it should be owned by the Municipal. but why do you have to give back the land?” said Bah Nongrum.
The situation in the Middle East has deteriorated in recent months due to violence and conflict between Israel and Palestine.
From the State Disaster Relief Fund, T.23.7 ​​crore has been spent for the construction of testing centres, laboratories and the maintenance of containment zones.
At present, Meghalaya has paid T.385.89 crore to NEEPCO and T.449.93 crore to others.
The Prime Minister said that nature threatens us only when we destroy it.
Tura, July 28: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today laid the foundation stone for the construction of a new Block at Demdema. Forest Minister Clement Marak and Minister in charge of Rural Development Bah Sngewbhlang Dhar were also present.
The implementation of the ILP does not mean that they are banning Indians from entering the state but it is not urgent to know who has entered and when he will leave the state.
The welcome speech was delivered by the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Matsiewdor War Nongbri.
On the other hand, the JSU demanded that if the state government really has a goal to improve agriculture in the state, it should not only talk but should provide a lot of assistance in the field of fertilizer. seeds and other assistance for the farmers through the Agriculture Office, Block Offices or other departments of the state government, said a statement from the union through Publicity Secretary Samla Tricky Mukhim.
Luikham is about 50 years old and an IFS officer of the 2003 batch.
Shillong, Nailur 07: The Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha (BJP Youth Wing) Meghalaya has strongly condemned the state government for its irresponsible behavior in relation to the exclusion of students who have been selected to study. doctor at the Medical College of Assam.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The National People's Party (NPP) State President Dr W Kharlukhi on Tuesday said that the party demands that the Prime Minister should send an inquiry to the Independent Investigation Agency (NPA). (NIA) on the belief of the HNLC that Dr Mukul Sangma has requested the HNLC to support the Congress in the MLA election 2018 to the Legislative Assembly.
R.Chitturi, Joint Secretary Finance and others will also serve as Joint Chief Executive Officer of the Invest Meghalaya Authority (IMA) under the Planning and Investment Promotion and Sustainable Development Departments.
GAPGAR has also appointed Dr. DD Lapang as Chief Adviser and Gracefulness Sten as Advisor.
He said that after MeECL had completed the construction of the light line to these villages, it had supplied electricity but at that time three years ago, the power lines and transformers had broken down and since then. it has remained untouched to this day.
In this meeting, AC Marak accepted the suggestion of the union to develop the school and will soon appoint teachers in the school. The school will no longer write examinations as private students but as regular students.
There is no reason to oppose this view at a time when all the leaders of the world are talking about how to protect the world and this 122-year-old organization is more than There are 20 countries in Europe.
More than 35 lakh Ayushman Cards have been issued, health checkups have been conducted in which lakhs of people have benefited, and many people now go to Ayushman Arogya temples and for various tests.
The testing of those who have been in contact with those who are positive will continue.
The welcome ceremony was conducted by Bah GB Bung, General Secretary Ranikor Circle in the presence of all the Presidents and Secretaries of Ranikor Circle, Units and Zones of Ranikor Constituency.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Gilbert Laloo, General Secretary of the SNSUP, together with the Rangbah Shnongs of Upper Shillong, said this. He said that they have given until the 30th of this month for the Minister to implement his promise to release the villages which do not fall under the Shillong Municipal from MUDA. Lawsohtun said that if they don't get an Occupancy Certificate from MUDA they can't get light, water and they can't live in their own house. certificate they can't understand because if you can meet the minister the price is lower.
Speaking as the chief guest, the President expressed her happiness to have this golden opportunity to open the curtain of the tournament which is named in the name and honor of PA Sangma, who was the President of the Prime Minister and former Speaker of the Lok Sabha and who became the first Speaker from the North East.
The correction of the examination papers of Class X and Class XII students has been completed at both Shillong and Tura. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah Marbaniang.
In India too, the outbreak of the disease is worrying and has affected the income and health of the people of the country.
Programs in the districts will include the treatment of many patients and the conduct of widespread information campaigns.
On the refusal of the farmers to sell their jhur at the parking lot, the Chief Minister said that the government has taken a decision and it is up to the agriculture department.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
On the other hand, Bah Pala said that there is no need to be the President of the MPCC to be an MLA, as the party has done well in the last elections, now because of the COVID-19 pandemic. Shillong, Nailar 10: The FKJGP Aradonga Area Unit today submitted a petition to the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills to They demanded the completion of the PMGSY road from Athiabar to Umshek which is 6km long which was blocked by the Assam police last year while the work is still going on. They also demanded that the Deputy Commissioner should resume the construction of this road which was suspended on 22-11-2
The participants who attended this training expressed their great happiness as it is the first time for them to take part in such training. because it is really helpful and different in the body.
He urged all the Catholic youth who have the talent and desire to improve in sports not to miss this golden opportunity so that it will be for your benefit.
The competition was divided into two categories, Stage Magic and Closeup Magic, and John was the winner of the Magician's Day
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The Syiem of Sohra Hima has banned the illegal trade of stone to Bangladesh on the Umdud-Siro Point road from Majai Land Custom Station.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The Meghalaya Fresh Vegetable and Ginger Association (MFAA) today held a meeting with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on the 9th June 2024 today. Prestone Tynsong to speak on the seizure of jhur vehicles in the State.
Shillong, March 30: The Central Executive Committee of the United Democratic Party (UDP) today said that the Central Executive Committee of the party has decided that the railway line should be built. only in Byrnehath.
A Batesi TV news team on receiving information about the incident visited Umsyiem village to investigate the reason why the BSF troops bombed the passengers who were about to leave for Dawki.
Lamiki received 717 votes, Joy received 571 votes and Dapkupar Tariang received 116 votes.
He said that in India especially in Delhi, the sale of drugs has increased and a person after drinking these drugs does not know what is happening. you have.
Many other church leaders were also present to witness the ceremony.
BSF troops and Meghalaya Police on receiving a tip from 01 battalion of BSF and a team from 200 battalion together with police conducted a search operation on the border with Bangladesh.
The purpose of this training is to help MLAs better understand how to run the House and how to speak inside the House.
The trade from this area is almost always closed and they have to ban the trade of coal to Bangladesh through this port.
“In connection with the incident ha Lad-Sutnga, Dkhiah East, the AJYWO also sends its condolences to the family of Kong Fullness Lyngdoh who passed away in this tragic incident. She also promised to be with the family members of the deceased in any way and to work with the family members of the deceased to seek the rights of the deceased. concluded Mr. MH Dkhar.
Answering a question, he said that the involvement of children in insurgency is not new but it is happening in all the states of the North East and in Meghalaya as well.
The group was led by Bobby Nongrum in collaboration with the Lum Sainar Laitryngew Village Council.
What has happened is that the state is in peace and even the puja has gone smoothly without any tragic incident, but the government should not take action because the complaint has been received. to the office of the Prime Minister of India.
However, legally and officially, they do not fall under the State of Meghalaya, according to the Assam Reorganization (Meghalaya) Acts 1969 and
According to the guidelines mentioned here, all the ministries of the Central Government as well as the State Governments and Union Territories have been directed to implement strict measures in accordance with the guidelines directed to prevent the spread of COVID-19 until on 31January 2020.
He said that the world and the Government of India have begun to recognize homosexuality and as a nation we should oppose it because it is a sin of blood.
The NESO leaders, who are currently in Delhi, will also meet with other political party leaders to seek their support from the national parties and regional parties, such as the National Party (NESO). Samajwadi Party, Trinamool Congress.
The Prime Minister spoke about the government's commitment in the past 10 years to bring electricity to every household.
Shillong, Nailur 05: The Assam government has said that the release of the National Register of Citizens (NRC) will not affect Meghalaya.
Along with the courses they can choose from, the courses they can take are in – Management Learning, ChanakyaArthashastra, Management, and Liberal Arts, Wisdom Leadership: East-West Perspectives and Practices, Music, Aesthesis and Communication for Excellence and others.
Reinforcing the Zero Tolerance Policy against terrorism under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the Home Minister said the Government will do whatever is necessary to curb terrorism from Jammu. and KashmirThe Minister of Home Affairs said that the measures taken by the Government of India have brought stability to the Kashmir region where there have been very few incidents of terrorism.
On the other hand, the KHADC has made it clear that it will not give any permission to any group of the Central Government, State Government or private individuals to explore or mine Uranium in this area. He said that all the 30 MDCs have the same opinion not to allow exploration or mining of uranium within the boundary of KHADC which falls within the four districts. District, South West Khasi Hills District, Eastern West Khasi Hills District, East Khasi Hills District and Ri Bhoi District.
Speaking to reporters, he said that there is a close relationship between Japan and the North Eastern Region of India as he said because they want to promote development projects in the region to increase the economy. get the court.
At this meeting, NPP National President Conrad K Sangma announced that the party will support the NDPP in the MP elections in the state.
The KSU has expressed its strong opposition to the illegal construction in Assam and demanded that the reports of the meeting between the two authorities should be released.
The state government is afraid that they will lose their share because this ration is a scheme of the central government. it will be a big problem because there is no Internet.
Now I urge these families to think whether they don't want their children to learn about their country.
Rev. Andrew Marak, President and General Secretary of Achik Baptist Dalgipa Krima, Rev. RD Shira and Rev. Janang Sangma.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma, has congratulated the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare for their hard work in opening this Nursing School in West Khasi Hills District. This school has been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic in the past two years.
Speaking to reporters at the monument to Kiang Nangbah at Jan Civil Hospital Shillong, Bah Kharsati said that the BJP in Meghalaya has already written to the central government. to issue the stamp of Kiang Nangbah, one of the freedom fighters of India.
Meanwhile, the death toll has risen to 8, East Khasi Hills 7, West Jaintia Hills 1 and the total number of deaths has risen to
Shillong Lajong FC coach Thangboi Singto said that the players will fight as hard as they can to win the match against Mohun Began in Kolkata tomorrow.
Within 10 am, it was clear who won and who lost and how many seats the parties will get.
At this meeting, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya said that if all the banks in the North East provide employees, not only in Meghalaya, it will be of great help to the people of the North East. I'm all right.
The funeral service will be held on the 21st July 2021 at 1 pm from her residence near Stephan Memorial School Mawroh and the Mass of Prayer will be held at 2 pm at Stephan Memorial School.
Ahmedabad, June 05: A MoU was signed between the Rashtriya Raksha University (RRU) and the Assam Rifles at the Rashtriya Raksha University, Ahmedabad, Gujarat on 5th June
MRSSA is another issue.
Bringing in community engagement, shramdaan, file cleaning, skit competition, essay and quiz competition etc. through active participation of staff, trainees, students and people in society.
If you divide income, education is affected and so on,” he said.
The Minister also reviewed the long-term steps to come up with a balanced policy to reduce the problem of floods in the country.
Through this partnership with MakeMyTrip, one of the leading companies, WEP is promoting and working to bring about such partnerships that will be in line with women in the business community to move forward.
Shillong, Nailar 30: Nursing graduates today alleged that some of them did not come to write the examination but passed their examination.
The union also demanded that the district authorities should inspect the shops so that such illegal vendors especially food items will not take advantage of the people of the area.
These militants have robbed these market vendors on the road before reaching the market which is held once a day. they were released.
Other speakers at the foundation stone laying ceremony were Dr A War DHS(MI), Dr MR Basaiawmoit, DHMO, PT Passah, BDO Mylliem Block and Dr DP Syiem, SMHO, PHC Pomlum.
These discussions were fruitful and encouraging to Meghalaya.
“There are many Lyngdoh clans in Khasi and Jaintia Hills, and therefore it is necessary to use the Thabah clan, so as not to mislead and to avoid causing misunderstanding in the census, " he said.
Police have increased their vigilance to ensure that the traffickers of these drugs will not be able to market these illegal drugs. Police have urged the public to cooperate. together to fight against this evil.
This year will be the first time in the history of Meghalaya that the Farmers' Day will be celebrated.
The agriculture industry falls under the jurisdiction of the State Governments and the necessary medicines are available in the veterinary hospitals/ dispensaries of the States and UTs. such diseases.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner said that the order will come into force immediately from the issuance of the order.
Those who attended the closing ceremony of the month 2016, were the Rangbah Shnong of Wahthapbroo, Bah Raja Shullai who welcomed the guests and Village Authority, Bah Kyrshan War, Ajay Gupta were invited along with the residents of the village who were present on the occasion.
This is in place of Bah Ronnie V. Lyngdoh, who has been appointed as Minister in the present government.
If the trucks carrying goods affect the bridge, why don't the trucks carrying 30 tonnes, 40 tonnes affect the bridge?” said the truck drivers.
He started his inspection from Mawlai Mawroh, the bye-pass road, Sanker Hospital road, which does not belong to the PWD department, but the Mawlai MLA promised to allocate a special scheme for the maintenance of this road. road, which is the road where almost all the people in the state bring their loved ones for treatment at this hospital.
Speaking to reporters, Dr PBM Basaiawmoit said that he himself has not yet taken a decision on this issue yet. People from all over the seven districts to speak on the MP election in
The time has come for us as true Indians to recognize and honor all the unknown heroes and weapons of our freedom struggle, whose sacrifices and steps ended in one. independence from Britain.
The residents of Namchiang Dong Narpuh Elaka have twice demanded that the state should get a good road and also so that the state can escape from the shame and disgrace in front of other neighboring states in the region. NE.The people, besides having elected their leaders, have to take to the streets to say that they demand justice.
Vocational skills training will ensure that no youth in the country does not reach the future they deserve.
NPP President Cornad K Sangma has promised that the Minister of State should win the MLA election.
When contacted by the vendors, they said that the village ban on them from selling in this area has put them in a lot of trouble because they don't shem has been able to bill since they were suspended.
Shillong, Lber 27: U Ram Prasad Meena, IPS, Additional Director General (HR), BSF New Delhi, on his two-day visit to Meghalaya, held a meeting with the chiefs of the BSF. group on peace and stability on the border with Bangladesh.
Furthermore, the Union is also preparing to meet with the Rangbah Kur from Ri Bhoi on 11th July 2024 in Shillong for the establishment of a branch office in Ri Bhoi.
In his congratulatory message, the Chief Minister said that she has made a name for herself as the first woman from Meghalaya to reach the rank of DGP. Idashisha was an IPS officer from 1992 and has held many posts in various positions in the state, most notably as SP in East Khasi Hills District during the time of insurgency. strongly in the Khasi Hills.
In a step for the welfare of the people of the country, a Health Screening along with other services was conducted as part of the Viksit Bharat SankalpYatra at Garikhana in Shillong this morning.
Despite the availability of school buses, parents are more concerned about the safety of their children, especially girls, and may not allow them to travel by bus or commercial vehicle even if it is difficult for them. parents".
During the search operation, the BSF seized 12 rounds of ammunition, 05 rounds of ammunition, 03 rounds of ammunition, 03 rounds of ammunition, 05 rounds of ammunition, one mobile phone. ,02 sim cards, 04 lights and 2 waiting cards.
Charles Marngar, who is also a member of the Regional Committee for Ribhoi District headed by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said, “In fact, the meeting of the Regional Committee was held. The Chairman of the Committee, Bah Prestone Tyngsong, said that the meeting has been postponed to the 23rd of this month for unavoidable reasons.
International observers have questioned whether the NPP, which is one of the members of the NDA which works with the BJP, in Meghalaya the NPP leads the government and in other states supports the BJP. The BJP has no ministers in the central government.
If the government has not been able to submit to the Standing Committee of the Ministry of Environment and Forest to revoke the environmental clearance issued for open cast mining in Mawthabah-Domiasiat and Nongjri (Porkut) in South West Khasi Hills District has shown that the government authorities are misleading the public on World Environment Day and such things. Bhalang, Village Leaders, Youth Associations, Women's Associations from the villages to attend the march and the public meeting scheduled for that day so that the objectives will be successful said Bah Forwardman Nongrem. , President, KSU South West Khasi Hills District and Secretary Environment and Cultural Protection Cell, KSU Seng Kmie.
John F Kharshiing, Chairman, invited the Rangbah Shnongs to take their time to attend the meeting to be held on the 13th August 2013 at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar, Shillong from 11 am to commemorate the event. the 65th anniversary of the treaties and promises, which were ratified and accepted by the Government of India and the Khasi States on 17 August
"We have given them six months to relocate and leave our border and we will give them until 30th June, 2024 to leave our border," he said. “From July 1, 2024, we will no longer allow foreigners to trade within our border.
On this occasion, he also distributed prizes to the winners of the drawing and essay competitions.
When the state was independent, there was a discussion that Block One should be brought to Meghalaya and the people of the area which has 36 Pnar villages want to return to Meghalaya. .
Let us use government programs and projects to take our efforts further.
Speaking to SP News Agency, many of the drivers who parked their vehicles at Khlieh Iewduh expressed their happiness to see that the road has started to be cleaned.
Shillong, July 29: The President of the Union of Rangbah Kur of Hynniewtrep, Bah HS Shylla, who is also the CEM of KHADC, has called upon all the Rangbah Kur and all the Kurs in the They are invited to attend the dorbar to be held on the 2nd June 2019 at the Sri Aurobindo Institute of Indian Culture behind the Governor's House.
UB Sub Inspector 76, Unarmed Branch Constable 720, Fireman 195, Driver Fireman 53, Mechanic 26, MPRO Operator 205, Signal Bn Operator 56, armed branch constables, battalion constable 1 Dhan 4 Dhan, constables 143 bad Driver constable.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The Government has set up a special committee on the Roster System and no other issues can be discussed in this committee, Government Minister Ampereen Lyngdoh today said.
Shillong, Nailur 09: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) is surprised to see that the political parties have started talking about the railway line in Hynniewtrep.
Other speakers at the Government meeting were the Block Officers and Bah KM Syiem, Sordar Smit, who gave many suggestions and the Co-Chairman, MSPB agreed to take them to the Government authorities. State.
Shillong, November 08: The FKJGP Central Body in a statement said that at a meeting of the leaders of the 13 parties, they have decided to hold a 36 hour bandh starting from the 10th. November from 5:00 pm to 11th November 5:00 pm, and will be valid in all Khasi Jaintia Hills except Garo Hills.
The MLFO will write to the public on the Indian Forest Act 1927, the Resolution of the Meghalaya Assembly on the Forest Conservation Act 1980 and the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement dated 17 Aug
It is on this request that they have come and placed them at the Georagre Battalion in West Garo Hills District, without any consultation with them. they have come to the path of life in the right path.
On the part of Bah Ian Swer Dy.Superintendent of Police (Re) in his speech on how to be careful in driving on the roads and this is especially true drivers who I have to walk day and night.
The meeting was attended by NPP candidate Ransom Sutnga and other party supporters. The meeting was also part of the election campaign for the party candidate.
“If this is the case in the state; If the State Government and the District Councils are asleep and do not believe to look after the entry and exit, the residence and work, the trade of foreigners here, what is the future of the nation? “What is your pay?” said Bah MH Dkhar.
The Minister of Home Affairs said that from 2004 to 2014, there have been 11121 bloodshed incidents in the North East.
As a child he attended Little Flower School in Malki. He graduated from PU Science from St. Anthony's College, Shillong in 1984 and later went on to study MBBS at RIMS. It is located in Imphal, Manipur.
Ampareen Lyngdoh said, “The outbreak of dengue is caused by mosquitoes due to floods, sudden increase in temperature in the northern parts of Garo Hills but the people are not. to be afraid because this is not a contagious disease.
Father Cornelius Khyriem was born on 13th November 1946 in Mawlai. He is the son of Jeronimus Thapa and Libia Mary Khyriem.
A nodal officer will be sent from each Ministry of Home Affairs, Ministry of Defense and Ministry of External Affairs for the purpose of implementation.
This training is on how to use ATMs by using the smile when you go to withdraw money because all ATMs now have this lat which is designed in such a way to use those who have disability.
Car manufacturing factories, trucks on the highways, self-employed workers, light manufacturers, water pipe manufacturers, computer manufacturers, woodworkers.
Shillong, November 6: Police of East Khasi Hills District today conducted a free health check-up for the poor and needy households.
Shillong, Iaiong 11: A tragic incident has occurred in Umsning Dewsaw village in Ri Bhoi District when a tree collapsed and four people including I child was injured.
On the other hand, the union strongly requests the government of Dr Mukul Sangma to consider upgrading this Block to a Civil Sub Division as demanded by the people from time to time.
The Finance Commission needs to look into the ways and means to bring about economic growth and income growth in Assam.
The Publicity Secretary of the KSU, Bah N.Sutnga, in a statement, said that after the MeECL has not done anything, the KSU has been informed about the loss of the transformer inside the CHC. Under the leadership of Bah J. Paul Lyngdoh, they met with the Chief Executive Officer of the Eastern Circle to discuss the problem faced by the hospital.
If the government led by Dr Mukul Sangma as the Chief Minister cannot remove the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh and set up fast track courts, the party will not be able to go to the people. .
After this tree planting ceremony, another tree planting ceremony was held at Mawlyngkhung village in which school children, members of the organization and residents took part.
This will help to improve health care facilities.
According to RTI applicant Bah Disparsing Rani on Tuesday after receiving the RTI reply from the Social Weflare Department on the 6th of last month, he said that when asked for a reply on the public briefings, the agency responded that it did not have any.
Before the rally at 10.00 AM, a meeting will be held at Dinam Hall Jaiaw where there will also be a prayer for the strength of the Hynniewtrep people. Soso Tham Auditorium Hall and where the sit-in demonstration will be held.
He said the NPP party is leading the government, while others have joined the bus.
He said this at a press conference ahead of the 54th International Film Festival of India here in Panaji today.
Behind this, the resignation of Bah Martin M Danggo came after the state government on July 12 through the Chief Minister promised to upgrade the Ranikor Administrative Unit to Ranikor Civil Sub-Division.
The length of the pipeline is about 729 km, which can carry 2 to 2.5 MMSCMD at a cost of T.3308 crore.
Until this afternoon, no order has been issued by the government to appoint or dismiss the current MD.
Nongstoin, Lber 24: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Bah S Kharlyngdoh, today said that the office has already distributed assistance to the victims of the natural disaster so far. amount.
Speaking to media after a meeting with the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, HYC President Bah Roy Kupar Synrem said, “We have requested the Minister to issue a directive. to send the letter immediately.
On behalf of the Linguistic Minority Development Board of Assam, Raktimava Swamy of the Assam NGO Live and Let Live was the chief guest at the meeting. and others thought.
Regarding the Dorbar Shnongs, the union urges the KHADC to have policies on how to prevent foreigners from entering the villages without providing proper documents.
Stand firm to maintain peace and order to ensure and protect the people of the state, that is why in many of the protests that they have faced you will see that not a single life has been lost. duh.
The union also urged the relevant department that such delays in the scholarship should not happen again in the coming years.
The KSU Barak Valley together with the Bark Valley Khasi Jaintia Welfare Committee (KJWC) are currently in the midst of the struggle for the establishment of the Khasi Development Council for the Khasi living in Assam and also for the establishment of the Schedule Tribe for the Khasi in Assam.
The Union has found that 12,000 people have submitted the Deed of Declaration and this shows the involvement of the Syiem of Raid Marwet, Bah Ken Syiem, Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima in the submission of the Deed of Declaration. The NOC and the letter from the Hima Mylliem requesting the NOC from the KHADC to set up a BSF Camp in their area.
Speaking at a public meeting at Garobadha, he said that under the leadership of Dipul, many measures have been taken to improve the Council and to remove the snaiap employees within the GHADC. They urged the people to support Dipul as he is a man who works for the people and is a loyal member of the party and has a close relationship with their father Purno A Sangma.
The Government will strive to provide market space and a market for market vendors.
The State has only 3 MPs in Parliament, 2 Lok Sabha and 1 Rajya Sabha.
Five types of training will be provided at the Industrial Training Institute (ITI) for the youth of the area namely Surface Embroidery Trade (SET), Wiremen, Office. Assistant and Computer Program (OACP), Multimedia Animation & Special Effect (MA&SE) and Driver-cum-Mechanic (DcM).
More than 1000 party supporters from all over the Khasi Hills have come to take part in the meeting of the party on the Sixth Schedule. this day.
The union has seen that the spread of covid 19 is not from the poor, but the poor have turned into victims only because of the violation of the rules and misbehavior of those rich people who violate the rules of the government. state, and who have not respected the rules and regulations that they should follow, this behavior of some violators of the law has severely affected the households who pay in the morning and eat in the evening.
Shillong, July 03: The Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the turnover of coal trucks on the roads shows that the illegal smuggling of coal from the state has increased. still going.
Ed final year batch 2013 on 9th November, 2016 which has many shortcomings and problems, even after a delay of 9 months because the date of release of the result is from 16th November,
In Saturday's match, they will face Ozone Football Academy.
Shillong, Nailar 04: The Khasi Jaintia Deficit School Teachers Association (KJDSTA) on Tuesday said that it will soon receive the Education Policy and Service Rules after 45 years of independence.
Whether it is in song, dance, music, or stories.
“The farmers have asked for an answer from the Ministry of Education, what is the Government's goal to reduce the number of children who have dropped out of school? “From East Jaintia Hills, farmers want to set up a Free Coaching Center so that the children of farmers can train themselves in various examinations. “One question that arises is why the Government has not been able to abolish the kilo cut, " said Mr. Kharsyntiew.
In his speech, Bah Dkhar said that the use of medicines is essential for the development of health.
The police station needs to be improved in all aspects.
The Group will also protest against the forced and insulting of the residents of the State in taking the Covid TIKA Vaccine for the Covid-19 pandemic which has come only by human forces.
“We don't have any confidence in this Syiem and we demand that the District Council should not remove him,” said Bah Mawleiñ.
The collection of this tax from the liquor shops has been from the 4th of this month until today and the collection of this tax has been from all the liquor shops in the state.
According to sources, the purpose of the Pawan Han helicopter was discovered before the minister left after paying tribute to the Syiem of Myanmar. Forest Kingdom.
Out of the 222 posts that NEIGRIHMS has recruited for the post of Nursing Officer, there are 201 males and 21 females and only 14 are from our state.
New Delhi, July 29: The Staff Selection Commission (SSC) has announced that it will conduct another examination for the post of Combined Graduate Level Examination. the young man looking for a job.
The KHADC intends that the people, when they need information related to the identification of land, should have access to justice within the districts where they live, and also if the law is passed. The working houses of the people should be available in the Districts.
Police said that he had arrived at Chambakpara village under Chibinang police station.
Sanida Emi Pakma of St Mary's Higher Secondary School, Shillong came in ninth position with 555 marks.
Marwei said that if the fare is increased, it affects the people and if the fare is increased, it affects the people. The increase in the price of food items is due to the increase in the price of fuel. , what does the government mean to increase only T.2 tyngka what does it mean to do for the people.
He explained that the threats and orders from the DC on the implementation of the Green Tribunal are man-made orders and there is no problem to amend the Act through the Delhi leaders. and from the State Government.
They were arrested by the crowd and bombed to death.
The Prime Minister's TB Mukt Bharat Campaign is still working to ensure that the poor are protected.
At the same time, he said that to keep the people safe, all those who come have to be tested at the gates before entering the state.
Regarding the dewbilat factories, the government has sought a report from them and after receiving the report from them, the government will take a decision.
On the other hand, Bah Adelbert Nongrum MDC Jaiaw Constituency said that the leaders whether MLAs or MDCs are just peons or introducers of schemes which do not belong to the people through the proposals and action of the Dorbar Shnongs.
I informed the police that my father was at home to arrest me but the police said that they needed a letter from the Officer in Charge and they did not come.
Police are now investigating and will take all necessary action to prevent the kidnapping.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma in his speech, expressed his deep sorrow over the loss of Dr Donkupar Roy, as he was a truly strong leader and ready to serve. He said that his father Purno A Sangma and Dr Donkupar have a close relationship and this closeness has led him to tell the truth since the beginning. Earlier, the Prime Minister had expressed his deep sorrow over the sudden passing away of Dr Donkupar Roy.
“Regarding the Wapung C&RD Block: Wapung, on behalf of us the AJYWO, we urge the state government through the C&RD Department and also the two Dorbar Shnongs and especially Ma Justine Dkhar, MLA and other Government Officers in charge of the new Block should expedite the construction of the office and quarters of the office on the site so that the old site can be used. for the benefit of the people.
“We are ready to help our fellow countrymen who have been affected by the lockdown, especially those who lack food at this time, because if we don't help now, when will we? or shame at this time, whosoever hath, let him tell that he hath not, and whosoever hath not, let him tell that he hath not.
He also said that the store will support small scale enterprises.
It is no longer appropriate to work for only 5 years and 30 years.
At first he had only one shop.
Regarding the demand for the return of Block II to Meghalaya, the CEM of KHADC said that the two Governments are still in talks.
Goodbye Hind! Goodbye India!.
Furthermore, 40,000 railway cars will be converted to Vande Bharat status to improve the safety and comfort of passengers.
The Minister of Children (Ind.
The newly appointed members of the Ummulong Unit are Nicky Challam President, Jesper Pariat Vice President, Mararki Rymbai General Secretary, Shining Shullai Asst General Secretary, Klemen Kharbina Sport Sec, Samli Pyngrope Asst Sport Sec, Samla Dame Muksor Publicity Secretary, Samla Kynsailad Kharbina Finance Secretary, Fullmoon Pyngrope Environment Secretary, Sainborlang Rymbai Education Secretary, KL Rymbai Asst Education Secretary and about 30 members.
Those who were honored today did not reach the goal like that but they reached the goal after their hard work which they have done in the work they want to achieve.
He said that to get a full EC besides the CEM, there is a need for at least two more EMs, which Latiplang Kharkongor does not have yet and the government has not yet issued a government announcement for him. Shillong, November 08: The MPHRC has welcomed the decision of the Government of India through the Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change (MoEFCC), which has announced that The proposal to amend the Draft Indian Forest Act (IFA) 1927 has been repealed.
In this regard, they have tried to seek assistance in this regard.
The MP election has inspired Darly from the Bible story between David and Goliath and this story has inspired the Congress candidate to contest.
On the allegation that there was no hard work from the parties in the MDA government, Dr Mawthoh denied the allegation and said that all the parties have worked together as leaders, to resolve the differences. Dr Mawthoh said that the main reason for the defeat is the CAB, which cannot be done. However, on the statement that the UDP is no longer strong, there is no such thing, but he did not change that it is the Congress that has fallen and he admitted that there will be Congress MLAs to join the UDP. The Congress in Delhi is no longer in power, it is clear from this election that there is a need to strengthen the national parties and in this era of clean government, it is impossible to escape.
Shillong, Lber 28: To improve the lives of the people The Foundation was established in 2000 with the aim of providing services to the people of the state.
The committee urges the public to be quick to come forward and work together to write this summary and to include the names of the people in the NPR so that each and every one can the resident must have his or her name entered.
All government offices and schools will be closed on this day due to the Shad Suk Mynsiem.
Health officials said that three villages have been selected for the development of the Village Health Action Plan.
Shillong, July 17: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) Riwar Mihngi consisting of various political parties and Dorbar Shnongs of Pynursla area today came to the office of NHIDCL. They wrote to demand the immediate repair of the Shillong – Dawki road.
Shillong, Nailur 23: U Bah Dispersing Rani today said that according to the RTI, there are 354 vacancies in MEIGRHIMS.
The first session was conducted by Prof. Simon John, AITS, Rajiv Gandhi University.
The tournament started on 31st July and ended on 2nd July. The medal winners were Wandahunshisha Mawblei, Felicia Nongdhar, Iohbor Mylliem Pdah and Josanky Rympei. Arjun Sewa and Raphael Sunn.
On these grounds, the KSU has been strongly opposed to the proposal to mine uranium in Ri Khasi since 1993 until today.
The meeting will be held on the 21st of this month at Khliehriat West Community Hall at 11:00 pm.
Sanjeev Medhi, HR Manager of Jettwings, said he encourages all those who wish to come and take part in this recruitment call.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: The Election Commission of India (ECI) today sent a letter to all the Chief Electoral Officers of the constituencies for the mid-term MLA elections which will be held tomorrow.
He said that this donation in the construction of Khnap Thangbru is indeed a great cooperation and an example for other villages to join hands in any work related to the welfare and benefit of the people. and the people sat down and worshiped him.
The salary of teachers is T.15,000/- for LP School teachers and T.20,000/- for UP Schools. The question now is whether the government has prepared a special allocation.
This Center is the first among the Central Armed Police Force (CAPF).
In her speech, Ms Roshan Warjri said that the school was established on the basis of love, peace and love for others.
Students of the 4th Semester of St. Anthony's College, Shillong on Tuesday protested against the order issued by the college authorities to wear uniforms when attending classes from this year.
Teibor said it was the High Court which had directed the KHADC to implement digitalisation.
On the part of the Ku Syiem, which is the authority to remove the Syiem, the mother of the hima, they have written in a letter that they strongly oppose the complainants. they have no complaint against, as the clan strongly condemns the complainants.
Banteidor has allocated a scheme for the construction of a creche at Khapmaw, the construction of an RCC Footbridge at Wahspung, Wahlakhait, the construction of an RCC Footbridge at Wah Jrongsi, Wahlakhait. RCC Footbridge at Lamet River, Wahlakhiat and RCC Footbridge at Umwad River, Mawkria.
The residents of the village have been complaining that since the closure of the Hat Ryngud Market at Wah Rew after the India-Pakistan War in 1972, the Khabar Market has disappeared.
China's Foreign Ministry announced on June 12 that a special envoy will be sent to Ukraine and Russia next month as part of its efforts to bring peace and an end to the war between the two countries.
Without waiting for the expiration of the deadline for the expulsion of three MDCs of the party, four MDCs of the party, Banteidor Lyngdoh, Hedrian Lyngdoh, Morningstar Mawsor, Arbinus Lyngdoh and James. Ban Basiawmoit has sent a letter of support to the KHADA in the KHADC. In this 29-member EC, the EC led by Bah Shylla has now reached 27 members. The EC is now composed of Bah PN Syiem Chairman of the PDF and Grace Kharpuri.
This is also the second issue regarding the division of the state into two parts.
Charles Pyngrope, MLA of Nongthymmai, has passed away on 2/02/2021. Charles Pyngrope, MLA of Nongthymmai, has passed away. for his son is a hard worker in the service of the people.
Of these, five are hydropower plants and two are coal power plants. According to the agreement, the hydropower plant will be 799.07 MW, coal power plants will be 740 MW and Renewable Sources Energy. New Delhi, June 03: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, Home Minister James K Sangma and Bah Metbah Lyngdoh today met with the Ministers of State Government. Many Union Ministers in Delhi to talk to them on development projects in the state.
He said that the decision to send the bill to the select committee will give plenty of time for the MDCs to look into it and give their opinions.
These contract teachers appointed by the government started the strike today and those who came to take part in the strike are from all the districts in the Khasi Hills. the day we started there were like 60 people.
The finalists were Syiang Football Club, Mawkyrwat and Mawkohphet Sports Club.
The team led by Bah B Sahkhar has been working hard since then and today they have found a body from the area but they still have to verify whether it is true or not. Marshall Marwein didn't know.
MEPA has never expected such a statement from the HNLC. On this issue, MEPA in this meeting today decided to urge the HNLC to understand that the media does not The Meghalaya High Court has issued any call for curfew in accordance with the order of the Meghalaya High Court No.WP (C) No.127/2
Shillong, Jymmang 09: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma today sent a special congratulations to Silbi Passah, who has been awarded the Padma Shri by the President of India, Droupadi Murmu. at Rastrapati Bhavan New Delhi.
He expressed his regret that in Jaintia Hills, all the 18 Elaka Dolloi and one Elaka Sirdarship have not yet received any Act or Rule enacted by the JHADC authorities. John F Kharshiing, on Tuesday said that the time has come for the Dorbar Shnong, Raij and Dorbar, Raij and A clear Hima Dorbar so that the Government authorities recognize the powers and status of the Nongsynshar from the Village to the Hima.
He said that this Act is like RTI which cannot be investigated.
I have never challenged the duties of the MLA of Mawlai whether it is the MLA scheme or other duties of the MLA.” Bah Pathaw said he does not need to become an MLA. According to Bah Ardent, he is not an MLA but an MDC of Mawlai and a leader elected by the people.
He added that the State Planning Board has not set a deadline for these departments to submit their recommendations but has directed the four departments of the Government to expedite the process.
Hundreds of mothers took part in the celebration of Women's Day.
The Meghalaya Pradesh Mahila Congress (MPMC) said the government should arrest the perpetrators of rape regardless of their position.
The East Khasi Hills District Milk Union on 14th July 2023, has expressed its anger against the Government's order ban ban the sale of cow's milk. Lumpy Skin Disease, without consulting with the farmers and at the same time without testing for safety, neem to drink cow's milk before the order was issued while the fish was tested before the order was issued banning the sale of fish.
Speaking to media after filing her nomination, she expressed her gratitude to the NPP party for expressing its unity to be together and said that the election campaign will start now.
BG Momin was also appointed as the party's advisor.
As mentioned by the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi in his program “Mann Ki Baat” said that the spirit of peace and unity that emerged after the announcement of the decision on Ayodhya shows the strength of “democracy in the country.
At this hearing, 401 cases were filed through the Lok Adalat, of which 334 cases were cleared.
At the same time, it was announced that an Integrated Check Point will be constructed at Shella and Borsora.
On this occasion, doctors and pharmacists from the Eastern Air Command taught the residents of Pomlum village that the disease is caused by malnutrition and smoking.
The purpose of the scholarship is to ensure that some students find it difficult to continue their studies despite their intention to study in various fields.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on the occasion of the fourth request for the Assembly elections, has been asked to pay all the expenses of the Chief Minister. The Election Department has also received T.62,62,61,609 crore.
This financial assistance will support farmers to meet their agricultural and other needs.
Meanwhile, ED Nongsiang, President of Retired Deficit School Teachers, reminded the state government not to forget to provide the rightful benefits to the retired deficit teachers.
Police on receiving a tip have launched an investigation into the incident.
The Apex Body of the Meghalaya Veterinary Services Association (MVSA) on Tuesday strongly condemned the assault by two Border Security Force (BSF) personnel on Dr. Seiboklang Buam. He is the Officer Incharge of Muktapur Veterinary Dispensary, Amlarem Sub-Division.
Kong Khongdup also urged everyone to take care of the environment and its surroundings.
At present, vehicles carrying goods to reach the Balat Border Hat market where Bangladeshis come to buy pets have to walk around from Huru Pakni village to reach the Border Hat. passenger to the problem.
Shah said if the PACS are equal, then the farmers will be equal because the income goes directly into the farmer's account.
All employees shall be entitled to a daily wage when they take unavoidable leave of absence and other payments in accordance with the Labor Law.
The Dorbar Shnong Pamra under the leadership of Rangbah Shnong Ma Lukas M Shylla and General Secretary Samla Dewanish K Siangshai has invited you all from different villages in the constituency to give your support so that he can reach the goal. destination.
Athletes from all over Meghalaya today arrived in Tura and a total of 3000 participants are expected to participate in 23 sports events from all over the country. walk steadily.
Dr. Wanwayroy said I don't think they will introduce the UCC because the BJP doesn't have enough people in the Rajya Sabha. National Assembly.
Regarding the cleanliness of the parking lot, a meeting has been ordered to be convened among the Shillong Municipal officials, traders and farmers on how to clean up the parking lot so that nothing will happen. The victim of this place was Bah Hamlet.
It was also decided that the Dolloi together with the SPIKAP Bhalang, will gather the villages surrounding these forests to hold a meeting on how to get an understanding to protect and improve the forests. the way of life of mankind with Mew Ram-ew.
Remember, too, that God will help those who help themselves.
India's Most Prominent Food & Hospitality Awards-2023 have been awarded to more than 40 culinary experts. to his fellow men in his own house.
Superintendent of Police, Shillong, Vivek Syiem, said that the suspects were recovered from Madanryting and a Bolero (AS 01 AV 8068) was recovered from Madanryting. just grab that.
The Central Executive Committee of the party has approved the new Central Executive Committee to amend some parts of the Constitution of the party. the change of time without affecting the core of the organization.
The Regulations, SDOs (Civil) and Block Development Officers in consultation with Rangbah Shnongs, CCMTs of various Zones, shall arrange for the opening of shops in such a way that there will be no group gatherings. of people anywhere.
Nangkiew FC 'A' scored the second goal and won the match in extra time of 40 minutes.
On the other hand, Bah Dilondar Marwein General Secretary Seng Khasi Mawlyngbna, who is also a farmer from the village, said that this is the first time that there has been such a bloodshed.
He said that the delay in the recruitment of youths who have passed the examinations is due to the slow process of police investigation.
In the North East, NABH has requested to conduct a one-day training program at NEIGRIHMS by registering faculty and residents who wish to join.
The Dorbar Shnong Lumshyiap in collaboration with the Police have found the mother of the newborn baby by wrapping it in plastic and throwing it in a garbage truck.
The HYC demands that the Government of Conrad Sangma should take responsibility to punish the police who have abused their power by firing tear gas at teachers and children. in front of the Secretariat today.
The person conducting the interview should not be allowed to make phone calls or carry mobile phones during the interview until the result is announced.
This meeting will raise awareness and implementation of these three new laws by raising awareness among those involved in this work and also the people of the country.
Chief Justice S Vaidyanathan is the 12th Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court since Meghalaya got its own High Court. .
At the same time, the Dorbar Shnong has decided that after the end of the election campaign, it has banned any candidate or their supporters from entering the homes of the residents. except for the troubles within the community.
Deputy Director Food Safety SN Sangma said that the purpose of the visit was to provide training to the farmers on how to store jhur before bringing them to the market for sale. .
The Maw Nongrim of the block was also inaugurated on the 22nd June,
They have now approved the roster which has been prepared and implemented, but there is one political party which has not come to take part in the discussion. listen to the persuasions of a political party that did not come to the negotiation.
This relationship with the people since his childhood and until now the IAS post has been at the forefront of serving the people of the country in the past 75 years and it is an honor for him. also to be in this position and looks forward to coming back to the state to provide service to the state.
Assam farmers have started river ranching in the Brahmaputra, while local entrepreneurs from Andhra have experienced success in fish farming.
“The North Eastern Region Community Resource Management Project (NERCORMP) and Self Help Groups (SHGs) can assist in this effort to improve income and create job opportunities in the region.
"It's so much more than that.
In the past few months, these Bangladeshi traders who have taken these minerals from Indian traders have told the Indian traders that if there is a shortage and delay, it will be too much as it is now. The Bangladesh government will turn to other Asian countries to buy coal from Indonesia, Singapore, Malaysia, Java, Siam, Sumatra and other countries. The lack of Mawshun from Meghalaya has affected the factories in Bangladesh.
The Minister said that at present most of the assistance provided by the government to the people is online which is known as Direct Benefit Transfer. This assistance is necessary and can be implemented through Self Help Groups. , said that in 2018 when he took over as Chief Minister, there were only 4000 SHGs and now there are 24000 SHGs and he wants to reach 45000 SHGs before the end of this term. .At the same time, the Chief Minister said that the government understands the problem of online access due to the lack of network. This year he will be able to complete the installation of 500 of these towers.
In honor of the elderly, the ECI has issued a new law whereby they can vote from home and are invited to the polling stations. Those over 80 years of age can vote. D. This is to encourage the elderly to continue to participate because they have special skills in their old age. 80+ elderly people from different constituencies were honoured.
The BJP has failed to bring peace to our State.
Both types of these knives were made from a species of siej called 'namlang'. Most of the clean knives used today were made in Nongkynrieh in the Laitlyngkot area while the nam sum was built only in the Khatarshnong area.
Shillong, Nailar 12: A total of 37 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 23 from East Khasi Hills, 2 from the Army and 9 from the Army. BSF personnel and 12 civilians.
The death toll has risen to 5 in East Khasi Hills, 3 in Ri Bhoi, 1 in West Jaintia Hills and 1 in West Jaintia Hills. .
Daniel wrote this book during his 48 days of travel throughout India and neighboring countries.
:The month of May is about celebrating the budlum of society, the middle-income people.
To remove the slave mindset from the mind, to be proud of our heritage, to strengthen the unity and to respect those who defend the country and to treat it like citizens.
Shillong, July 02: In connection with the Ek Bharat Shreshtha Bharat program of the Government of India, which aims to promote relations and understanding among the people of different states/UTs, the foundation day of Telangana and Goa at Raj Bhavan today.
Jaintia Hills does not have any institutions for graduate professional courses and although other districts have institutions like NEHU Shillong and Tura Campus, NIT, NEIGRIHMS, IIM Shillong.
Furthermore, the group said that the election of the Members of the Executive Durbar of the Hima is done by oneself without any involvement or even bringing it to the attention of the people. Through the approval of the Dorbar Hima, it has brought sorrow and grief to many.
Total number of tests so far is 92453, 89162 negative, 774 pending results and 329994 returnees.
Speaking to SP News Agency, many people on the earthquake said that the incident happened this morning. I went to Ialong.
The HANM leader said that what is more important is that the residents of the state who live on the border with Assam should also take the same decision and the border of the state will be counted. from all sides.
During the meeting, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, said that the government is ready to withdraw the GVK company from the state, but there is no responsibility for the employees of the 108 Ambulance. This is the state, said Bah Roipar Kharraswai.
Shillong, Lber 02: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that two persons have died of COVID-19 positive in East Khasi Hills. The death toll from the disease in the state has risen to
MEPA sends its condolences to the family of Bah Lawai and prays that the Creator will grant eternal rest to the soul of Bah Lawai. you are old.
Regarding the ownership of the Mawjymbuin Creek by the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram, the JAC cannot say anything on this, but let them explain, said Bah Wahlang and Bah Loniak. Sawkmie said that their visit today is because as a Khasi party, it does not recognize the Khasi party Mawsymram.
Many of the residents in these days have started to talk about this new struggle of the police, but the question arises whether they are willing to stop the light saw vehicles that are parked in the streets as long as they like. The drivers of the vehicles said that if the police work hard without killing anyone, they should be punished according to the law.
The Association urges the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh not to take the time to call for a meeting to discuss the issues faced by the AYUSH doctors. which is the street.
In the afternoon, a Holy Mass was celebrated at the Cathedral in the presence of Cardinal Charles Maung Bo SDB, DD, Archbishop of Yangon, Myanmar. Archbishop Emeritus MC Thomas SDB, DD of Guwahati, Bishop John of Itanagar Diocese, Bishop Victor Lyngdoh of Jowai Diocese and paid priests.
On this occasion, the meeting discussed and completed many urgent tasks of the council for the preparation of other programs of the council in the future.
Shillong, June 08: Shillong Police have arrested Jied Lyngdoh from Pynthorbah on charges of involvement in the burning of a house in the area.
: it means to move from one place to another and to walk with hands and feet to escape; it means the area around the borders of kingdoms, kingdoms and villages and is the smallest fish others are not jyllei in the water.
NEHU should ensure that foreign students who come to study at the university should arrive 15 days before the examination for quarantine.
On the other hand, the Deputy CEM of KHADC expressed his pleasure to meet with the Union Minister of State for Child Development at his residence in Delhi today. On the other hand, the Union Minister of State for Child Development listened to the speech of the Deputy CEM of KHADC, in the presence of another EM, Bah Chyne. The Union Minister of State for Child Development has promised to provide all possible assistance to the KHADC. During the visit to Delhi, the KHADC has submitted a petition to the fifteenth Shillong, July 11: The meeting between the Finance Commission and the Union Finance Minister was to discuss the work of the KHADC. Shillong, July 11: The fight against drug trafficking in the KHADC The Anti Narcotic Task Force (ATA) has arrested Rintu Saikia from Nongrim Hills Shillong on Monday night.
However , both times they have failed because the president or the central government has not listened to the requests of the state and therefore the laws such as the MMDR Act , the Mine Acts , the Forest Conservation Act , the NGT Act , the National Reservation Policy , the Citizenship Act , the Atomic Energy Act, the Land Acquisition Act, the Indian Registration Act and other notifications apply in our State even though they do not correspond to our uniqueness.
On the other hand, Dr. Sabu A Joseph, Dy Inspector General and PSO of the Frontier Headquarters of BSF Meghalaya, explained the nature of the incident. in the state of Meghalaya.
In the past three months, the increase in insurgency in Garo Hills has been excessive.
Shillong, July 29: The Shillong Municipal Board has granted permission to build a shop in the parking lot opposite the State Bank of India Main Branch. I'm not sure what to do.
The MBCC announced this at the General Council held today at Mawsynram Rit Mawsir where the office bearers of Mawsyneam Block including the EC of the Block, women's organizations, youth groups. and also in the presence of the Presidents and Secretaries of various areas.
On this day, the public meeting began with a prayer.
Other sources said that the fire broke out inside the market and the incident occurred in the morning. According to sources, there was no casualty in the fire.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Nongrem said that the findings of the House Committee cannot be announced at present as the report will have to be reported to the House when it is submitted. The House will be able to clarify the allegation that up to T.1.52 crore has been withdrawn from the KHADC budget and deposited into the accounts of private individuals.
At the same time, the Sur u Paidbah demanded that the government should clarify on the purchase of 11,276 metric tonnes of rice from the FCI. Use this bread that you have bought for the people.
On this occasion, free medical treatment was provided to all the people who came to the centre, whether it was for checking the eyes and eyeglasses were also provided according to the needs of the eyes.
Hek said that 41 people from Meghalaya have gone to Green Wood Resort in Assam, out of which 38 have tested negative and two are awaiting results. and the positive COVID-19 test.
He said that although the Congress has not yet released the Manifesto, the requirements to be included in the Manifesto will be included soon.
These three players include Remark Kharmalki who has not played for almost the entire season, followed by Donlad Diengdoh and Raikutshisha Buam.
The 'Indian Panorama' section will feature 25 feature films and 20 non-feature films from India.
There are 581 confirmed cases, 96022 confirmed cases, 139 recoveries, 93829 recoveries so far. The death toll has risen to 1612 with one death from West Jaintia Hills District.
In order to promote tourism across the country, the Ministry of Tourism signed a Memorandum of Understanding with M/s Alliance Air Aviation Limited (AAAL) on 17th June 2022 in New Delhi.
Metbah Lyngdoh said that this is the second meeting and the purpose of the meeting was to inform him about the progress of the construction of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya. the challenges facing the state government.
In his resignation letter, he expressed his regret to leave the party which he has been with for many years.
Speaking to reporters, Amika K War, who came first in the HSSLC Arts, said that she didn't expect to reach this goal but what made her reach this goal was her. a mother’s encouragement.
Many of the parents of the children said that this is nothing but an attempt to make it difficult for the youth who apply for the job.
Police have also recovered several documents related to the party.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: The CID today arrested Bah GK Iangrai MPS, Assistant Inspector General of Police, on charges of corruption in connection with the construction of the NERS PSAP at Sardar Police Station.
As the people of the District have cooperated with the government authorities and understand that the curfew is necessary but it should not be biased because this disease does not forgive whether they are the villagers or not. bar states.
Shillong, Naitung 23: The FKJGP, KSU, CSWO, TUR, HNYF, TUR together with the villagers affected in the New Shillong Township have expressed their dissatisfaction that the government has not They were allowed to hold a public meeting to discuss the government's request to take more land.
Besides, Bah Sniawbhalang said that the two border committees have not yet taken any decision on the give and take policy.
Mawsynram Branch, immediately requested the support of Bah Banshai Marbaniang, Trai Shnong of Mawsynram Village to assist in informing the Head Office of the bank that Bah P. Rani inside the Branch, to provide temporary relief to the people of the area who come to collect money.
This will enable young people in our region to work with foreign companies in new technologies such as Chat and Voice processes, which will also help them in their development. and to receive advice to strengthen their knowledge.
Taking a letter from the X page of the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, he expressed his gratitude to the Minister of Education of the Union Government for conveying the request of the students of the state through the The State Government to release the Colleges in Meghalaya affiliated to NEHU to fall under the CUET for the year 2024-25 and to allow them to enroll as in the past.
Crores of BJP promises have been fulfilled.
Maligaon, July 05: The Northeast Frontier Railway (NRF) has decided to operate a train with a diesel engine to transport passengers between Darjeeling and Ghum. 30/July 2024, this is the day.
Members of the Committee, Kimfa S Marbaniang, Himalaya Shangpliang and George B Lyngdoh were present at the meeting along with the officers of the Committee.
Shillong, July 19: Meghalaya Tourism has held an award ceremony for the Best Stall award from 10th to 12th July 2013 at Chennai Convention Centre.
The Parish of Sts.
He said that in the past three years, about 4800 people with disabilities have received various relief items in five camps across Meghalaya.
She appealed to the people to give their full support for them.
The empowerment and protection of children and women who constitute 67.7% of the population in India and ensuring their welfare in a safe environment is essential for sustainable development of the country and achieving relevant economic and social reforms.
B Chaudhuri, IES, Additional Secretary, KSPB, Dr S Madheswaran, Adviser, Planning Program Monitoring & Statistics Department, Govt of Karnataka, Dr Balasubramaniam, MBBS, M.Phil, MPA(Harvard), GRAAM team, Dr Rajeswari Kasturi, ISS, Deputy Adviser and Faculty, Govt of Karnataka and other Government officials.
The introduction of foreign exchange will ensure income stability and the achievement of the target of reaching income of Rs 5 trillion by
The government through the police department is quick to arrest members or leaders of the Sengbhalang without delay if anyone lodges an FIR against them. membership and office bearers of the Sengbhalang, is a violent attempt to deprive the rights of the people's protesters in a democratic country for the sake of the people.
During the arrest, the BSF found from the mobile that there were Bangladeshi officials whose names were on the mobile. people of Bangladesh and people of this organization.
Shillong, Nailar 02: The Cabinet meeting today approved the terms and conditions of service of the employees of the Meghalaya Public Service Commission (MPSC). The office has been operating for many decades but does not have the rules of procedure for the employees.
He said that if we cannot protect ourselves now, the Khasi people will become a minority in their own country.
Surprisingly, two centers including Ampati and Williamanagar have lost their score sheet but they are still working and receiving salaries.
On the misuse of data collections, the minister said India will not allow the country to become a hotbed of data theft, and these data cannot be used to change the people’s attitudes towards elections.
“Everyone wants to know about Digital India and I tell them that India's uniqueness does not stop at Delhi, Mumbai or Chennai; Every youth in Tier-2, Tier-3 villages is involved in the great work that India is doing.
The Thermal Scanner has not been installed for 100 years but has been installed for more than 100 years.
They were taught how to fight insurgency in the forest and how to deal with protests in the city.
The Government should conduct an independent investigation whether the policeman threw the bomb by himself or whether there were officers who authorized him to do so illegally.
“First of all, we would like to thank the doctors, nurses and all the caregivers.
He said the Government is ready to implement a scheme to upgrade and improve many Higher Secondary Schools through the assistance of the Asian Development Bank which has raised up to Rs 600 crore including education. specifically for teachers.
The office requests the public to stay temporarily while they are renovating the water and food checkpoint belongs to the state government.
Shillong, July 06: The 4 Teachers of SSA Upper Primary Schools in the state have called to hold an emergency meeting on the 10th of this month at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall Mawkhar. Shillong at 11 o'clock in the morning.
Other deceased were identified as Lastingson Rumbai 27, son of P Dkhar, Heimonmi Pdand 10, Lumlang Pdang rymbai from the village of Pynurkha.
The meeting of the UDF was to urge and remind the Prime Minister on the ILP as decided by the Legislative Assembly.
In the darkness of the night, these people managed to flee to Bangladesh. The BSF seized these plates and when they opened them, they found weapons.
Shillong, Iaiong 16: Unemployed youths of the State today marched to the office of the Director Anti Infiltration Office to protest against the decision taken by the Police Department to call Recruitment only for young people aged 18 to 21 years.
The march started from Madan Iewrynhep, Nongthymmai along the main road of Shillong with the inauguration of the ancient buildings and ended at Madan Weiking where the public meeting was held.
It is learned that the road has collapsed before and the road has been built but now it has collapsed again. The cause of the collapse is unknown but the road has collapsed at this place.
Nazarius Lamare, SP of Anti Infiltration, has been transferred and appointed as the SP of Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: The Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL) is now preparing to install four more automatic payment terminals in Shillong and Tura.
In this regard, the state government and MePDCL will have to sign a soskular that there will be a High Power Committee to ensure that MeECL will pay exactly the amount of T. 1345 crore which has been approved by the Government.
He was shot dead in Lajpat Nagar, one of the markets in New Delhi today.
When contacted by this reporter, many people from different places said that some people from the same village have received the new voter registration card for the year don't get it.
The MUDA restrictions are now in force for Jowai, from Mihmyntdu to Riatsohsim and Byrnihat as Master Plans and Schemes have been drawn up for these two towns.
He said that many farmers have now learned to fly drones and use them to spray pesticides in their fields.
The residents and members of the KSU also staged a protest by sleeping in the middle of the road to protest against the NHAI's silence on the demand of the residents to improve the road.
He said that there is an MRI scan machine worth T.4.90 crore which has been in operation since 2013 but now it has broken down and is no longer working.
Speech was also delivered by the Minister of Home Affairs, James K Sangma, Bah DD Lapang and the Director General of Police. police officials and government officials were also present.
Other members of the meeting included Sangita Pradhan, Associate Professor, NLUJA, Assam.
AL Hek, BJP Leader Banteidor Lyngdoh, NPP President Hamlet Dohling, Working President Samlin Malngiang, HSPDP Chief Organizer (IND) Thomas A Sangma (NPP) The MDA has demanded that the Inner Line Permit (ILP) should be implemented in Meghalaya.
The Government has distributed these Home Quarantine Dairies to the Dorbar Shnongs. The Village Health Committee has already been set up in each village. the community and they will have to fill what is ordered.
Speaking on the various missions launched by the government whether it is from the central government or the state government, many times they have failed because they have been implemented here and there, because they have not been taken properly. which that people would want to do that job.
The ANVC-B has also expressed its surprise at the government's intention to find land for the ANVC-B in SWKHD and West Khasi Hills while in Garo Hills it has not been successful. anxious for what shall be tomorrow.
It is expected that married women should cut their hair shorter and young women should keep it longer.
During the meeting, the Vice President pointed out that India has raided the training grounds of the insurgents as this is a threat and a threat to the peace and stability in the country. India is well aware of this and that is why the countries of the world are supporting it.
Shillong, Naitung 28: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) Shillong, in a statement, said that the KSU South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) has appealed to the Government of India not to go through blood or through the body. However, the KSU will not allow the mining of uranium.
Titosstarwell Chyne said that the KHADC has decided that the post of Shongknor will go to the NPP party. After the resignation of Pyniaid Syiem after winning as MLA, the NPP has sent By writing that they have elected Bah Blah to replace them, this meeting today also confirms that.
On the occasion, the EAC in Shillong, Air Marshal RD Mathur welcomed the Chief of Army Staff and introduced him to the Chief of Army Staff of the North East.
When it comes to the current situation in KHADC, it will remain as it is now, without an Executive Committee! Therefore, it is up to the CEM and Chairman of KHADC to release this conflict when it comes to the rules of law, but when it comes to the highest law in a democratic country, the Democratic Principle should be respected first. , that is, once the majority has been lost, as long as it is, the rule shall be handed over peacefully to the group which has the majority.
B.Rynjah, CDPO, Nongstoin ICDS Project gave a speech on Health and Hygiene.
The Director of NEIGRIHMS, Prof. Nalin Mehta, urged the public to refrain from the use of plastic and urged the public to take action to fight against the spread of plastic.
The turnout for the 1-Shillong parliamentary seat was 62 per cent, said CEO P Naik.
During his visit, the Speaker also visited the Sohpian-Nongstoin road at a cost of T.12 crore. The people went to Tura.
Superintendent of Police Giri Prasad said the police have set up a Special Investigation Team to conduct a thorough investigation and collect evidence from these two places and identify the faces. also to the robbers who are involved in this evil deed.
However, the government should remember that this disease will not last forever and this exploitation will turn it around.
During the raid, BSF troops seized a vehicle carrying shini and when they seized the vehicle, they found that 1600 kilos of shini was loaded into the vehicle with the BSF. They arrested three merchants.
On the part of Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh MDC Mawkynrew Constituency, he congratulated all the teachers, parents, students and especially the leaders of Good Shepherd Parish – Jongksha. We can provide a better and more accurate service in the days and times to come.
Shillong, November 19: With the aim of encouraging the cultivation of herbal medicines and at the same time to preserve them, the AYUSH Department of the Government of Meghalaya today held an exhibition of various herbal medicines. The State Central Library Shillong was inaugurated by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek.
This was announced by Bah Johnystar Mawrie, General Secretary of the Mawrie Dorbar.
Shillong, Jymmang 26 : The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) through its Education Cell, has met with Ambrose Ch Marak, Secretary, Ministry of Education, Shillong, to discuss and submit a written statement on the problems faced by the students. at PGT College until they have to stand in line at midnight to apply for the form.
Purningstar said that the CEM and EM of KHADC have seen the lyngkor within the Hima and if they do not remove the Lyngdoh, if the KHADC does so, the time will come when the people will take action against them. The EC of Bah Titosstarwell should take responsibility for any incident.
She said that the sports departments organize such tournaments to promote sports for the children especially to have the spirit of children in order to develop the talented children. in the field of sports especially from the grassroots level.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: When we talk about farmers, we understand that they are those who work and live in the fields.
Bah Anjelus Mawlong has lodged a complaint with the Police saying that on the 1st of this month at about 2 pm, unidentified robbers stole T. lakh and other items inside his house at Umsohlang Umsning, Ribhoi District.
The country gets new insights from research and experts, industry to import ideas from abroad, and the government provides policies and resources.
This is according to a statement issued by L Deibormi Rymbai President and H Deolangki Dkhar General Secretary of JMCM&OA. by Ri India, by Piyush Goyal.
However, to request separately for any other group, it is up to the state government to write to the central government and they have to follow what they have been directed to do.
On these grounds, can you expect us to continue to trust the government?” he said.
Sikkim Agriculture Minister Loknath Sharma, Chief Secretary, Assam Government Jishnu Barua, Chief Secretary, Arunachal Pradesh Government Naresh Kumar, Principal Secretaries of States, Shubha Thakur, Joint Secretary GoI and others the officers of the State Governments.
The memorial service was held in the presence of his children, relatives and the UDP party. to serve the nation.
Not only in Shillong, the KSU Mairang Circle led by General Secretary Robin Nongrem has conducted a raid on foreign workers and found that there are two foreigners working in the Post. Office but they did not work in Mairang but worked outside Mairang while they lived in Mairang.
On the other hand, Mawsynram MLA Himalaya Muktan Shangpliang said that if the government intends to open more Civil Sub Divisions, the government should open more Civil Sub Divisions. The Government should not establish a Civil Sub Division in Mawsynram.
Ed trainees, these teachers who have faced this problem teach in various schools including government schools.
“In the past few days, we have decided to meet with the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma and submit a letter on these issues faced by the residents of the state. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said HANM Assistant Secretary Louis Dohtdong.
If this happens, it will not be long before the border will be bloody. If the Meghalaya government remains silent on the problems faced by the people of the border areas, it will soon happen as it happened on the border. Nagaland and Mizoram.
Shemborlang Rynjah, Manager of the State Consumer Helpline Meghalaya, while explaining the working methods of the State Consumer Helpline, said that the consumers can call to the above number to complain and the staff of the State Consumer Helpline Meghalaya will help to resolve the issue.
The West Khasi Hills Police Chief said that the driver of the truck fled the scene and police have registered a complaint at Mairang Police station.
The disease is spread in four ways, unprotected sexual intercourse, untested blood transfusion, injection of the same thyrnia and the fourth is from mother to child. .
Shillong, June 16: The FKJGP Southern Riwar Zone (Shella Area) will hold its General Meeting on April 20, 2013 at Saitsohpen Hall, Sohra at 11:00am to discuss the activities of the FKJGP.
These young members of the Yuva Tourism Clubs are determined to promote responsible tourism and showcase the unique heritage of the country.
At the same time, it was felt that it should be avoided by forcibly translating from foreign languages ​​while it is still available in our own languages, except for those languages ​​which have become common and can no longer be used as a language. 'Pin' for the narsuh, 'Skul' for the teacher, 'Kali' for the shalyntem and so on.
Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District, Jagpal Singh Dhanoa, confirmed that the bodies of the two persons have been found. The family members will go and pick it up and take it back to their village.
Four years ago, the government gave the land to the company to manage and improve the land called Kyndailad Rotary.
Shillong, July 23: After many errors in the results of the 2nd Diploma in Elementary Education (D.El).
The Government wants to avoid this shortage of funds, but it is inevitable because there is always a shortage of funds and at the end of the year the funds are not available. .
At the same time, he urged the municipal department to check regularly.
Border Area Development, Education, Home (Police) District Council Affair.
BSF troops have seized 15 bags of sarees from the area which were intended to be smuggled into Bangladesh. illegal export to Bangladesh.
Police believe that the GNLA's plan was to overthrow the government after the house of its leader Sohan D Shira was raided.
Shillong, November 09: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on his visit to Europe, also visited the Vatican where he met with Pope Francis today.
“I want to clarify before you that please remember that when you go to vote, it is true that it is a national party but it is a party that has agreed with the NPP and BJP,” he said.
Besides the above, the aim is to bring about good governance and economic development in the region in all aspects, said the General Secretary, Bah Spastershin Nongrem in a statement.
Shillong, November 15: The 4th Annual Youth Convention of Nangbah Parish was held today in Nangbah Parish.
It is learned that when they went to apply, they said that they have not received the ration forms from the Food Department for a long time.
Shillong, July 9: U Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, MS Rao today issued a government notice that for the safety and security of those working in the secretariat and heads of government departments, sndm should not be used.
Shylla said that this bill was passed by the Congress government and supported by the HSPDP. to register their writing and this will affect the people of the state.
Arvind, who was affectionately called “Bah Arvind” during his two visits to Shillong in 2004 and 2010, has worked hard to fight corruption. You have brought about a great change in Delhi by winning this election as a party.
Other guns are only half a foot and a half feet wide.
The center was inaugurated by the Minister in charge of Sports Department of the State Government during his visit to the district.
As the party, we expect that through the empowerment of the people, those in power will serve the people and the state as a whole. How much more to implement and follow up in Delhi the resolution that has already been passed in the Legislative Assembly of the State as the Inner Line Permit (ILP), the introduction of the Khasi language in the Article 5 of the Constitution of India, the statement said.
This is to divert empty trucks from the Ladrymbai PWD bypass to avoid the morning traffic jam in Ladrymbai and Khliehriat which affects the traffic of the people and school children and especially the vehicles. fire brigade and ambulance carrying city from one place to another which can cause tragic incident if stuck in traffic jam.
Many speeches were also delivered by the elders of Mawphlang and surrounding areas; They are BS Nongkynrih, T Rapthap, MBlah, MS Kharshiing, PR Kharshiing and BJyrwa.
Shillong, July 23 : U Phidalia Toi has announced that she will resign from the post of Chairperson of the Meghalaya State Commission for Women (MSCW) after a disagreement with the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh. .
On the other hand, the party through its Land Cell has prepared the documents which will lead to talks with the government after the MDC elections and if the government does not to give the right answer, the party does not proceed to cross the border.
Covishield (manufactured by the Serum Institute of India Ltd) has been distributed to all states/UTs. Covaxin (manufactured by Bharat Biotech International Ltd) has been distributed to 12 states.
In a statement sent by the President of AMAM, Dr.A Lyngdoh, “The Association has conducted protests through social media by posting slogans, articles from newspapers and issues that have not been resolved by the AYUSH Department in the State.
In a statement sent by the President of AMAM, Dr.A Lyngdoh, “The Association has conducted protests through social media by posting slogans, articles from newspapers and issues that have not been resolved by the AYUSH Department in the State.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, one of the family members of the victim, Kong Olida Mukhim, said that they have received information that the bodies of the two persons have been found. went to the scene to retrieve the remaining bodies of the two victims.
Policymakers, teachers, officials and experts from 14 G20 member countries including ADB, World Bank, UNICEF, UNESCO, UNDP and TIPS came together to consult and collaborate to solve various global challenges involving clean development, women-led development.
There was also a suspicion that there was a possibility of using these YouTube channels to disrupt the conduct of elections in five states.
The Government will soon install an Integrated Check Gate to strengthen the curfew on illegal smuggling. The Prime Minister said that this allegation appears in the newspapers almost every day, but all these allegations are baseless. It is easy to blame but the government has done what it has to do, those who have been blamed like the BJP and others.
Furthermore, the workshop included a section on best practices and the development of AVGC activities by several States.
It is understood that there are still many MDCs who will not support the EC of Bah Latiplang.
The Minister said the Government is ready to talk to the MCTA on their views.
There are two categories of Miss India Internal Global, Miss India International Asia Tourism and Mrs India Tourism International.
Sonia Gandhi, Chairperson, UPA, and National Advisory Council (NAC) and Shri M Venkaia Naidu, MP & Chairman, Parliamentary Standing Committee on Home Affairs, who directed the Ministry of Home Affairs to look into these complaints. on behalf of the Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya.
It is also expected that the attendance of the festival will not be less than 1,000 per day.
If their crops are bad or not, it is their right to harvest but all their crops are good, they harvest. “Therefore, the EC will take action in this regard,” said Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh.
In this census, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has only 11 districts in the state, while the newly opened district is Eastern West Khasi Hills. Hills District has not yet been included in the COVID-19 census of the state health department.
What they want is that it should not affect the community and there should be no harassment of the people. At present, the people in the Athibari area do not have it.
Wansuk has been in the Congress party since the past and the most important thing is that she has been in the party whether the party is in power or not. Congress.
This mobile app is easy to use and easy to download from the Google Play store.
This will be a place to train the youth of this area to train themselves in various jobs according to the needs of the present era or to be able to set up their own jobs.
Besides, according to the complaint of the residents, the staff of this CHC used to speak harshly, insultingly and insultingly to the patients and the patients who are treated at this CHC. “It has affected the feelings of the people of Sohiong as a whole,” he said.
The work orders issued to various villages include the construction of village offices , the improvement of the grounds and dorbar halls of the villages , the construction and improvement of roads and footpaths and The same applies to schools run by parents.
Friends, today, when billions of people of this country are staying at home, it is right for everyone to ask the question of what they have done themselves.
Regarding the students from Class A to Class IX, they should pass this year without any rules, because this is not from the students but from the environment as in others. that state.
To enter the Open Category, all candidates can enter the ST, SC or OBC category, but here it is unacceptable that a Khasi with high marks can enter the Open Category. Even if the marks are higher than that of the foreigner, this is to accommodate these two non-residents. This will not be accepted at all.
The total number of cases of COVID-19 in the state has risen to 9 with the death of Dr John Sailo Ryntathiang. Presbyterian Church, Lawmali.
The union also urges the teachers, school principals, intellectuals of the Jaidbynriew, booksellers in the villages, parents and all those who are against the action of the MBOSE to express their feelings. so that our students do not lose the right to receive the best education through their textbooks.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said he is pleased that the people of the North East have taken responsibility for their future and development.
Shillong, Lber 25: KSU General Secretary Donal V Thabah and other members of the KSU today met with the Minister in charge of Sports and Youth. Kiren Rijiju in which they submitted a petition through him to demand the appointment of Prof SM Sungoh as the Vice Chancellor of NEHU. They have sought permission to meet with the Minister of Agriculture, Narendra Singh Tomar.
Chief Secretary Y. Tesring said that on his part, he has already sent it to the government.
The MLA of the area said that this money should not be in their hands but should be used as a party fee for them where they can borrow money from banks and before they can get a loan they have to be trained in whatever they can do.
He said that the Team Preparation Committee, together with the MSOA, headed by the Director Sports, have met several times with the State Sports Associations in recent months to discuss the way forward. (road map) and he is confident that this meeting will help everyone to reach the goal.
Shillong, Naitung 02: The BPL households in Mawhati area have received their bill light from MePDCL and what has surprised them is that the increase in the light bill is from T .250 per month to Rs.
He urged the youth to have a good mindset so that they can improve in their lives.
Today, 41 cases, 39 BSF personnel and two civilians have recovered, bringing the total number of recoveries to
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: Congress Leader Zenith M Sangma today demanded that the government should set up a judicial inquiry into the bombing of Agnes Kharshiing. There is nothing wrong with this investigation team.
Other sources said that the deceased were workers at the factory in Umiam.
When asked about Jha, Advocate Sharma said that he has no information about Jha and the letter has been sent by email to him. .
Besides Bah Pyniaid, the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem, the leaders of the Union of Rangbah Shnong Nongthymmai Pyllun, the villagers and the shopkeepers were also present.
With the collaboration of the Central Government and all the States, we have reached a record of 220.02 crore completion of COVID-19 vaccines across the country.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Bah PS Dkhar, launched the polio vaccination campaign in all districts of the state today. He also gave polio vaccine to one of the children.
However, the threat is that up to 700 species of living things on this earth have begun to become extinct and this is due to climate change.
When asked whether he was also involved in the PDF, he said he was one of those who took part in the formation of the People's Democratic Front (PDF).
The Organizing Secretary of the Seng including S Lyngodh, FJ Blain, Samla S Thymthai, H Rynjah, Samla Julian War as Publicity Secretary, the Executive Members of the Seng and many other members who have joined themselves as members of the Seng. of KHNAM State Youth Wing.
STETHOSCOPE 2.
Police have requested the assistance of the Forensic Department to investigate how the fire broke out in the stone office in the early hours of the morning. First.
The party also wishes him a happy return to his family.
U(L)Prof.GG Swell, our former MP, has spoken and praised our country in the Parliament of India that 'it is a country of special blessings, a country of beauty and that It is the best example in front of India.
After the opening of the alternate route or Second Generation (2G) route to produce ethanol, oil companies are setting up 12 2G bio-refineries at a cost of Rs 14,000 crore.
The Council was established on 7th November,
Justice (Retd) Mool Chand Garg is a retired judge of the Madhya Pradesh High Court.
Bah Reding worked hard to make Mawphor the first Khasi newspaper to be published daily. The passing away of Bah Marwein has brought a great loss to the Khasi people.
The Parliamentary Committee on the Official Language, established in 1976, has so far submitted nine reports, the most recent of which was submitted to the President of India on 2nd July , in which the former Chairman of the committee made a total of 117 recommendations.
"“As an organization, we can no longer tolerate acts of violence against our people by those people who are entrusted to provide protection.
Dongguan Machong FC have the most points in Group B while Shillong Lajong are second.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, on Tuesday said that it is time to use technology to improve water supply in the state.
“We need to encourage and strive to develop the most profitable industries such as pharmaceutical, food processing, herbal medicines and others without damaging the environment so that we can create job opportunities. for the youth of the country.
This was announced by the State President of the NPP Dr WR Kharlukhi who is also the MP of the Rajya Sabha MP.
In another incident, Bah Hoding Diengngan, Bah Hoding Diengngan, shot dead his own family member, Christina Diengngan.
This is a good thing for those who have been elected to provide public service and they should not forget this.
The number of gaps identified has been increased from 7 to 21, he said.
In the 20th category, Adiel Johanan Surong of Government Boy's Higher Secondary School, Shillong, Vanlalrinchhani Sailo of Brookside Adventist Higher Secondary School, Shillong and Yagna Lamsai of Seven Set Higher scored 544 marks. Jessica Marweiñ of S. Ferrando Secondary School, Sawsymper, Albin L. Marshyllong of St. Joseph Secondary School, Nongkasen, Dalamni Dauni Rymbai of KJP Synod Mihngi Higher Secondary School, Jowai and Rilanaika Sari of North Liberty Higher Secondary School, Jowai.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The Governor of Meghalaya, Dr. Andrew Simons, today informed that the Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik, has called for the 2022 Budget Session. 2023 will start on 4 October
Police have recovered their clothes from Umthumthum today from Mawlai. Police have searched the water and recovered the bodies of the children from the area.
The construction of these water tanks and the operation of these water tanks, according to the districts, are Eastern West Khasi Hills 35, East Khasi Hills 36, South West Khasi Hills 34, East Garo Hills 30, North Garo Hills West Khasi Hills 37, Ri Bhoi 37, South Garo Hills 19, South West Garo Hills 26, East Jaintia Hills 21 and West Jaintia Hills
There are three women in the House, Santa Mary Shylla of the NPP from Saipung Sutnga, Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh of the NPP from East Shillong and Miani D Shira of the All India Trinamool Congress. and the Amaptians.
However, as the party is ready to face the mid-term elections, the desire of other parties to nominate candidates will not have any say, but they welcome all those who wish to contest the elections. Ranikor ST Assembly Constituency.
She said that the purpose of the celebration of Badhte Kadam is to raise awareness among the public about the rights of those with disabilities. ways to provide opportunities for these people with disabilities.
East Khasi Hills won two silver and two bronze medals.
These are employees of the NRHM and although they are Voluntary Employees, the low salary of only 1000/- has affected their families.
The final nail in the coffin saw Shambu guilty of a hopeless giveaway minutes from the final whistle and that allowed Mark, another substitute, to score.
Shillong, Iaiong 04: The Election Department of the State Government of Meghalaya has launched the polling from home for the elderly people of the state who wish to cast their votes at home.
Just like reading books, they are necessary to that extent because they help to cool down the brains of students and through sports activities, children can also learn a lot of lessons for daily life a their.
If we work together and want together, nothing is impossible.
The SDO of Sohra Civil Sub Division, S. Verma, IAS, said that only two bodies have been recovered so far and the remaining government officials who are in the village are still in the area. a place of struggle to even the remaining body.
This was done with the cooperation of a team of nurses under the leadership of the Superintendent of Nursing, Kong Mary Lyngdoh.
They told (themselves) to me.
Through this approach, Prime Minister Duh said that the Government has introduced the Mediation Bill in Parliament as a separate law.
Speaking to the media, HITO leader from West Jaintia Hills, Wanbiang Plang, stated that the seven MLAs from Jaintia Hills were absent from their residences in both Shillong and Jowai, thus forcing them to go and meet them at the Secretariat.
Maligaon, Lber 31: The Railway Protection Force (RPF) of the NF Railway has seized Ganja and arrested four smugglers.
The installation of these lights will prevent the influx of foreign authorities and prevent smugglers and people who intend to commit illegal activities by coming from Bangladesh or going from India to Bangladesh.
The Sessions Judge of West Jaintia Hills District, on the 8th of this month, has upheld the rights of Bah Lang Pale, who was murdered on the 17th of June, 2008 by Herman Shylla.
The office bearers of the KSU Tyrsad Umkseh Unit are President Samla Banlumlang Rani, Vice President Samla Moonstar Rynjah, General Secretary Samla Andrew Hynniewta, Asst.GS Samla Dibastar Rani, Organizing Secretary Samla Karliwis Rani, Asst.
We the 14 parties feel that we don't need this person to be the head of the election department in our state and we expect the higher authorities and the state government to take action and it is We don't want this same person to continue serving in this position and we want to have a local person who understands the problems, the burden of the nation and the state as a whole. other".
The Government has taken all necessary measures to ensure that the people do not suffer.
While acknowledging that the PMEGP is a successful program of the government, the director said that the PMEGP provides subsidies to create opportunities for self-employment through the starting of small businesses that have nothing to do with the government. livestock industry, helping traditional artisans and unemployed youth.
Surprisingly, at the time of the commemoration of the deceased leaders, the opposition came out.
All these programs completed by these students were interesting and beneficial for the residents especially the awareness programmes.
The number of cases by district is Ri Bhoi 41, West Garo Hills 9, East Jaintia Hills 8, West Garo Hills 15, South West Garo Hills 4, South Garo Hills 2, East Garo Hills 1 and North Garo Hills .
He said that the Depot Online System (DOS) has been implemented in all 563 ware houses in the country and 144 depots in the country.
Shillong, June 22: The National People's Party (NPP) candidate from Sohiong Constituency, Bah Samlin Malngiang, has agreed that he should be elected as the Leader of the Legislative Assembly. the state.
Dear fellow citizens, you are well aware that corruption and nepotism have corrupted our country and entered our lives like crumbs.
Chikai Kaurina Ma said that the report on these four states will be submitted to JICA within six months from today. They also discussed whether they can find ways to relieve the traffic jam in Shillong.
He said that if they demand a Council, he urged them to ensure that it will be an impartial Council, or without political parties.
“Because of the errors in the punishment, Champion has been granted bail under Section 176 clause 2 IPC,” said Dey.
All types of aircraft have been banned from flying during the swearing-in ceremony of the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi. Section 188 CrPC has been enforced. Delhi Police has strengthened all security checkpoints inside the Rashtrapati Bhavan, security checkpoints have been strengthened. taken from all sides, with all police teams and armed forces on high alert throughout the city of Delhi.
In his speech, Bah Chyne MDC of the government who was elected as CEM today congratulated the MDCs who are on the side of the UDF for not nominating a candidate to contest the election. CEM who was held today.
I also donate to the Institute of Khasi Jaintia Folk songs and Traditional Musical Instruments.
Shillong, Nailur 07: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) on Tuesday morning conducted a surprise raid at Mawryngkneng to verify the allegation that there are high level personnel in the coal mining industry. up to 50 trucks illegally transporting coal.
The swearing-in ceremony was attended by KSU General Secretary Donald V Thabah in the presence of leaders from various circles.
People with this disease are referred to tertiary care centres.
Himanta, Conrad Sangma and Dr Mukul Sangma have visited the UDP President to form a government.
Shillong, Naitung 12: The Organization, as usual every year, congratulates all the students and this time too through the 14 Meritorious Award for Student and Male who have passed well in various examinations such as SSLC/HSSLC/ICSE/ISC/CBSE/DEGREE/PG/Diploma etc for the year 2016-2017, who have passed at 1Division and above.
On the other hand, the CEM said that in these days they will set up a committee for the rules and regulations of the KHADC and he will appoint Bah Bindo as Chairman to look after this. He said that as an MDC, he has worked for five years in the year he won his first election as an MDC in 2004 and “I have received a lot of training from Bah Bindo as an MDC and his appointment has benefited the KHADC,” said CEM Bah Dkhar.
Later, the Commander said that to date, there are more than 40,000 farmers who have become members of the organization and it will expand to Garo Hills in the coming days.
Such meetings will be held two or three more times and the Regional Committees will also have their own meetings among themselves.
This is not the first time that Bah Kharsyntiew has donated to the people but he has extended his hands to the poor families during the curfew. do not prevent the spread of COVID-1
As a first step, joint elections for the People’s Assembly and State Legislatures will be held.
Therefore, the members have been asked to take classes and complete the book chapters as per the stipulated time, the statement said.
Secy- Salman P.Marak, Asst.Genl.
This demand of the Seng comes after the Government has closed down the examination center without giving any reasons.
Regarding colleges and schools, the government has no intention of opening them yet. Regarding hotels, the Prime Minister said that only hotels are allowed to open and not hotels. Prestone Symbut, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, said that the government has decided to increase the number of households in the country.
Due to the heavy rainfall, floods and landslides have occurred in many places in the district where many wells have collapsed.
He also announced that if the university has found that there are students who are intelligent but due to poverty they cannot study, the university will take them to study and when they finish their studies they have to pay back. by supporting others.
When examining the answers, the numbers of the candidates should not be covered and there should be CCTV or video recording during the examination of the answers.
This puts the lives of the people at risk as those electricity posts are located near houses/schools/footpaths and there may be a power outage.
The report shows that more than 7 million deaths worldwide in 2019 were due to tobacco use and 1.35 million deaths in India alone.
He said that the Congress party has lost is not true. He said that those who came out are only those who want to contest elections and not the people who support the party.
The central theme is to preserve the environment by planting more trees.
“He said that the Sengbhalang wants to know whether the construction of this stadium has allocated funds for the improvement of the gallery, drains, toilets and other necessities besides cleaning the ground. plastic.
The meeting with the Governor by these four IPS was a meeting of honour. The four IPS have chosen to be from Assam and Meghalaya.
The 8th Force Level Inter Frontier Badminton Championship, 2016, which started today and will end on on the 15th of this month.
The District Level Committee was held today under the chairmanship of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Sanjay Goyal.
Police have recovered 29.05 grams of heroin, two mobile phones, 10 golden tins of heroin and a small bag of heroin. A case has been registered against the woman under the NDPS Act at Laitumkhrah Police Station. Police are investigating to find out more about those involved in the drug trafficking.
Due to increased security, the recognition of AFSPA hotspots was completely withdrawn from Tripura in 2015 and Meghalaya in
He said that if he is elected as MP this time, if the government in Delhi does for the benefit of the people, they will accept it and if it is against the people, they will oppose it. Delhi should be listened to.
All three winners of the National Level Competition will represent Meghalaya in the National Level Competition in Delhi.
Shillong, Nailur 29: The Ministry of Education of the State Government today announced new rules for the opening of schools in urban and rural areas.
It is to be recalled that for the benefit of the people traveling through NH-6, which is the main artery of the North East of India.
Shillong, July 14: The KSU Bangalore Unit on Tuesday said that it has received a complaint from job seekers that there are no training centers in Meghalaya, which provide training in hospitality, management, tailoring, etc. embroidery, fashion and others.
These meters do not help how light users know how much light they have used.
There were also reports that Amitabh Bachchan's gang had raped a Khasi student near St. Anthony's College.
Sales of these types of cigarettes produced by Njoy are 3% lower than those of other e-cigarettes sold in the U.S. in recent years, according to Nielsen data. to the sale.
Lakhon said the allegation against the President is groundless, the President's action is to strengthen the party, in fact we should work together for the development of the party.
The Secretary Shnong Bah Donroy Kshiar expressed his regret over this incident and as the village has tried to provide assistance and decided to rebuild a new house.
Madan Lal Sinha, Branch Manager of SBI at Selsella Branch in West Garo Hills, has lodged a complaint that on the night of 27th July, unidentified persons tried to break into the ATM. money in the bank by paying the lock.
“We have given 10 days to the government to immediately appoint a full-time DMHO in the district otherwise the union will have to think of something else.
Also present on the occasion were the Minister of Water Resources, Mawthadraishan MLA, Bah Brolding Nongsiej, Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah W. Nongsiej, Superintendent of Police. District, Mr. Maxwell B.King.
He said that as it is now, it is clear that it is the Congress party that has the path to give a strong and lasting government for five years.
He said that at present there has been no discussion with the people of Mawlai but as the residents of Malki they are sorry for what happened and to support the demand of the residents of Malki the residents of Malki also gave this. support.
Rangbah Skor Jala, Chairman of the Committee of the Tymmen U San, Seng Khasi Kmie, gave the thanksgiving service.
The Director said that five people have died in East Khasi Hills, bringing the total number of deaths to
In the past few months, SRT members have been providing assistance across the state, both in the city and in the countryside when the residents encounter any cases where they need urgent assistance.
Samlin said it is now his part to speak in the Cabinet to bring this issue to the Assembly on behalf of the government. KAS is fighting for the inclusion of the Khasi language under the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India, when the leaders do not see it.
When we talk about a new India, what do we mean? There are some different requirements – such as housing for all households, electricity, good roads and telecom, modern railways, rapid development.
Through this fund, the Mizoram government pays the salaries of the employees in charge of the ILP department in Shillong and Silchar. The ILP will not provide protection and security to Meghalaya because foreigners must have a proper inner line permit otherwise they will not be able to enter the country. In Meghalaya, after 15 days they have to leave for their villages and if they still want to they have to pay and apply for another permit to enter, said Bah Majaw.
“The pandemic 2020 has prevented us from honoring the children of the kur, but on this day we will honor the children who have passed well from 2021 to ," he said.
The king is the symbol of the ruler.
Umsning Police of Ri Bhoi District have seized an Alto 800 (AS 01DT 6749) from the Umsning Highway. five gold biscuits were seized.
Other sources said that the BJP party, which has two MDCs, has not yet sent any letter of support to the EC led by Benedict, but the support of Promod S Coach the EC is your personal choice.
After the meeting between the two parties and after discussions, they came to a decision that the two parties will work together in the MLA election in
The Central Revenue Department has already issued this order since November 2012 but no one has taken action against it. now I have issued this strong decree.
The Chief Minister said it is not easy for the government to pay once and for all the money which has been left for many years and NEEPCO also understands the problem of the state government.
The players in the team are Neithovilie Chalieu, Akash Thapa, Kevinson Bareh, Rajat Paul Lyngdoh as goalkeepers, while Habymmutshuh Nongrum, Temjenwati Longkumer, Naoroibam Romen Singh, A. Rakesh Singh, Ramdinmawia Sahammed Hnamte, , Apborlang Kurbah, Tomanbha Lapang, Baiaka Swer, Kagaly Anal, Phrangki Buam, Abedniko Kurbah, were the defenders.
If this special assistance is given to Meghalaya, it will be a blessing.
“How can you betray?  This is an injustice, this is a betrayal.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong of Lumshnong village in front of the meeting expressed his opposition to this incident and said that if there is any tragic incident who will take responsibility and the investigation will go to the village. and so objected to this unauthorized attendance.
The Hima also urged the Chief Minister to do everything possible to move the JNV School which is currently located in the houses of Mawphlang Block to its place which has been built since
Mairang, July 17: The office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of Eastern West Khasi Hills District has announced to all households in the district that the ration shops have been distributed through the National Food Security Act. 2013 for the month of July
At that moment of upheaval, his voice was self-possessed and responsible.
According to the petition, Sawsymper is entitled to upgrade the Sub-Centre to a Public Health Center as part of the state government's vision to improve health and well-being. also to provide comprehensive services in rural areas.
The Government has taken great care for these villages because they are backward in many aspects and for this reason the Government has set up this special scheme for the villages which have on the border with Assam.
The students of the school welcomed the MLA with beautiful songs and the school dressed him in a jain ryndia.
Dr W.Kharshiing, President of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs, said that they are still seeking permission to meet with the Union Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kiren. Rijiju and when they get the day they will go to meet him.
The Don Bosco Media Network is proud of Chevinia and encourages other children and youngsters to take part in various song competitions to reap the fruits of victory even here. in our own country or in competitions abroad.
On this occasion, the Adivasi Aikya Veedika, which invited Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Co-Chairman, MSPB, Chairman, Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi. States, to stay for one night in the village which still has many shortcomings (no electricity, no drinking water, no toilet) accepted him into the village according to the customs and traditions of They washed the feet of Bah John F Kharshiing in front of the khilong before entering the village.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: The demand for the opening of markets on the border with Bangladesh is a long standing demand and what the spokesperson of the ruling party has reminded the government from time to time. .
Investigation revealed that one of the victims was a member of the HITO.
The incident was caused by the lack of police force to patrol the area.
SHILLONG, Nailar 09: The Village Council of Lawmei Pdengshnong has expressed its gratitude and appreciation to the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit. The EM Incharge Elaka of the Council, Bah KP Pangniang and the entire EC of KHADC, who have been able to take action to restore the understanding between the leaders and the residents.
The Minister said that the people of this area are hardworking, hardworking and intelligent, but there is a need to train and that is why the Central Government has signed this MoU with the Assam Riffle Battalion to train these youths in this area.
The Rangbah Shnongs of the constituency have approved the directive of the MLA to send the places to install street lights in the villages. solar light.
The Khasi Seng Kmie, which used to hold the climb on Lum Lyntang and Lum Sohpet Beng, is now considering to meet with the Minister in charge of Road Construction. Bah Prestone Tynsong to clarify why the PMGSY road has not been painted yet.
Regarding the holding of elections for the members of the Village Employment Council (VEC), he said that this should be held every three years. of MGNREGA that the elections should be held according to the rules.
The guard of the area noticed the wires on the morning of the 16th and immediately informed the police.
In the competition, Nagaland singer Seyievinuo Chuzo won the first place and received a cash prize of T.100,000/- tyngka. Mizoram, God Lalramzauvi and the prize of T.50000/- was sponsored by SBI. The participants were from all over the All India Radio stations of the North East. , Vice Chancellor of North Eastern Hills University (NEHU) Prof.Sri Krishna Srivastava, Pro Vice Chancellor of  NEHU Prof Dr Henry Lamin, Additional Director General (Programme & Administration) (NEZ) All IndiaRadio Shri D.N.AGMtari and Shri Rajeev Arora honored the winners.
The meeting was successful as the government and these groups expressed the same concern regarding the peace and order situation in Shillong.
Every evening, traditional musicians and dancers performed at the tournament.
Speaking at the meeting were Ministers FB Kharbuki, Minister K Langstieh and Minister MB Kharlukhi.
This was stated by the President of BJYM Meghalaya.
With some exceptions, taxes of the Central Government and the State Governments are integrated under GST.17 Acts have been consolidated and one collection of taxes has been brought through GST.For the India, the GST Council has played a major role in bringing about harmonization in important GST related matters – rates, exemptions, trade practices and ITC collection other other.
“The Government has encouraged the delivery of services through the app if it is related to farmers or small shopkeepers, we have given them the option to fulfill their needs through the app," said to Modi.
This was announced by Bah Disparsing Rani, RTI applicant, while informing the media of the RTI reply received from the Transport Department.
“This book will help children learn to practice yoga in a way that attracts them and that they enjoy," he said.
policies and programs to create an open, stable, safe and free environment for women and children.
The petition alleged that the residents of Maxwelton Estate under the jurisdiction of the Kench's Trace Village Council, Oxford, Rilbong (KOR) have received electricity by stealing and ringing electricity from people. who has the meter.
On the other hand, the Minister of State explained that the purpose of setting up this health center in Sohra is to promote tourism in the field of health as the government has the environment. beautiful that can attract visitors from all over the world.
Wanplielad L.Nongbsap General Secretary HYC Diengiei Circle together with other members of HYC Diengiei Circle today held a cleanliness drive at Diengiei PHC. The Medical Health Officer of the Health Center.
Bah Lumlang Lyngdoh, member of the MHCA, said that if you buy online medicines, there will be doubts about the quality of medicines. This is why there is no other law against the sale of drugs online.
While 2014-2019 is the time of achieving your priorities, the years from 2019 onwards will see your goals and aspirations come true.
The CWC of East Khasi Hills urges any family members who have any information to contact CHILDLINE by calling
The District Administration has directed the Village Ministers to inform the office if there is any problem so that they can send the rice from the office.
“Many Khasi villages should have become Nepali villages, like Mawlai, Mawprem and Nengmensong, but it was his (Bah Bull) struggle.
She said, “The contributions of the women who fought for freedom are equal to those of the Rangbah who gave their support.
The Hospital has taken this special step because during this time of COVID-19 many patients cannot come to meet the doctors, to allow the public to talk to the doctors has opened a telephone. -Consultation OPD and this will be operational from the 11th of this month.
The collaboration between these two circles is based on the information received from time to time from the public as well as from the drug users who have been arrested by the organization that the area is a market where the sale and purchase of drugs is widespread.
Shillong, Lber 30: The District Election Officer of East Khasi Hills District, East Khasi Hills District, today announced that the distribution of Photo Voter Slips by Booth Level Officers (BLOs) will start tomorrow morning and will continue till the 4th of this month. months for the MP election to be held on the 9th of June.
There will also be magic shows, comedy, drama along with famous dancers from abroad and also from our state who have become prominent in the state, according to a statement from the publicity secretary of the party. and Darwin Lyngdoh.
In this regard, the government has already talked to the religious leaders and in this talk the churches do not want to hand over to the government.
The BSF has stepped up its patrols on the border with Bangladesh due to the spread of smuggling activities such as Ganja, kyiad and other illegal drugs.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: Speaking at the celebration of the 122nd Anniversary of the Khasi National Congress at Madan Weiking, Member of Parliament Rakesh Sinha MP today said that he understood that it was celebrated. the day which is the foundation of the Khasi people.
The meeting was also attended by L&O/TAP/HQ MK Singh, R/PR/F&ES Bah FG Kharshiing, Dy. ER) DNR Marak, and other senior Police Officers and relatives of the promoted Police Officers.
Regarding the arrear, the EC is ready to pay 30% of the money to the employees before Christmas. How much will it cost? The EC has not yet taken a decision on this issue as it is still in the process of preparation.
The BSF searched the vehicle and recovered 11 packets of Yaba Tablets from the vehicle.
There are 75 recoveries today, 95719 people have tested positive for COVID-19, 93420 recoveries, 1 death today from West Garo Hills The death toll has risen to
Shillong, June 25: The District Magistrate of East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat has enforced Section 144 CrPC in the East Jaintia Hills District. All coal trucks without having the necessary documents to have shallans shall not have shallans.
We urge the public to be vigilant not to be misled as some of the leaders of the Uranium Road Support Groups have already handed over their land to UCIL since
The areas to which Section 144 CrPC applies are Domsohpian, Mawryngkang, Dommawria and Pongkung.
The union said that it is regrettable that until now there is no sign of anything to be done. The union demands that the DC should take action to resolve the issue of construction of this road. border area which benefits many villages which pass through this road.
Shillong, Nailar 6: Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma today held talks on the border settlement in Guwahati. cabinet of the two governments.
On the other hand, Angela demanded that the government should arrest those people who have been issued FIRs why the government doesn't arrest them, those involved in ICDS corruption, tah sialieh was accused.
Japan will encourage interpersonal contacts between the people of the region and the people of Japan especially the youth from Meghalaya and many of them go to Japan.
There are other constituencies which have been counted as foolish and troin but they will show that they are clear and progressive in their way of thinking.
The GNLA leader, who holds the post behind C-In-C Sohan D Shira, today surrendered to the police and was carrying an AK-4 , one magazine, 120 bullets, and four SIM cards.
The arrested were identified as Danny Dkhar, 28, of Madanrting and Robert Kharsati, 32, of Smit village.
Please be considerate, avoid moving when not necessary and stay in safe places.
On the other hand, Bah Tynsong alleged that the previous government under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma did not do anything regarding the ban on coal mining, but what he did was to send it to the MMDC. which the people received not.
The Chief Minister said that there are 4.5 lakh farmers in the state and the government has implemented various schemes for the benefit of the farmers. help farmers across the state.
The Seng cannot just listen to such incidents which happen from time to time and we strongly condemn this action of the government, especially what happened in Lapalang when the government received the order to demolish it went. Only a few of the authorities along with a few Magistrates but in Umsawli it was witnessed that a group of people went to attack the residents of the area.
KSU South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) is pleased to inform you that the Education Department should follow the rules and regulations in the recruitment of Asst.Teachers in Government Schools. the Guidelines for Minimum Qualifications of the National Council for Teachers Education (N.C.T.E).
The exhibition is open until the 11th of this month.
The EC has issued a directive to all MDCs to send their schemes to the constituencies if they wish to buy The equipment should be T.30 lakh and T.70 lakh should be for any construction.
There is a more comprehensive view of the role of women as catalysts for development and agents of change, and not merely recipients of development.
Whether or not other colleges have to provide the necessary facilities if there is a need to provide, this cost is who will pay for them, because what they know is that they have to pay the students for doing se There will be an increase in tuition fees, whether there are enough teaching materials for teachers and students, especially books.
The company has focused on how to get more employees and has reduced the number of employees and ambulances.
Referring to the ethnic parties, Bobeeta said that the ethnic parties need to be strong, the Congress party has always done this to strengthen them without affecting them while the BJP is fighting to prevent the ethnic parties from being strong. still rising.
There was no bloodshed or any violence because he played chess with the goal of building a strong India by following a clean and peaceful path.
On the 4th, they held a tree planting ceremony at Mawshabuit at the shooting training center and today they held a tree planting ceremony at Hill View Secondary School, the site of the ARC. Group Captain Amit Mahajan said that the theme of the tree planting campaign is to promote the theme of “Green India”.
Regarding the employees in KHADC, it has been decided that officer employees should attend 100% and non-officer employees should attend only 35%.
As the KHADC does not yet have a law to build houses, the KHADC will now provide proof and at the same time to say that the KHADC is preparing. The KHADC has been able to complete the work of the KHADC within six months.
He said that the government's implementation of this roster system will enable the youth to get their share in their job search, besides the roster cannot be for those who go to study higher studies or who studied medical or engineering.
The meeting was attended by the elders, mothers and youths from all over the villages within the boundary of the Central Executive Committee of the Laitumkhrah Constituency. Saibon, General Secretary James MA Neng and other party leaders confirmed the decision of the Central Election Committee to accept and confirm Dimarsing as the party candidate.
Blood Transfusion Services ensures that the public can access clean blood at any time.
Shillong, March 5: After two years of COVID-19 positive cases, Hindus in Meghalaya have been able to celebrate Durga Puja in a more peaceful manner. restrictions on the part of government authorities.
The closure of these offices was on the grounds that they did not respect and sanctify this day which is a holiday for the celebration of Pomblang Syiem which is a special day for the people of Pomblang Syiem. the whole nation.
Congress leaders should not forget what happened in Jirang constituency where MLA JD Rymbai lost his ticket.
Other office bearers who have been elected are Bah Wandache Pyrbot Symbut Rangbah Shnong, Bah Joseph R. Warjri as Secretary and Bah Shane.
Speaking on the occasion, the Ministry of Information Technology and Communication said that in Meghalaya, 78.5% of the villages have access to Internet, 79.59% of the people have access to mobile services and 79.59% of the people have access to mobile services. the Internet accounted for 69.85%.
The incident occurred when the enforcement officers of KHADC under the leadership of Superintendent Enforcement, Bah Poland Sohphoh conducted a raid on the shopkeepers of the roadside shops. zone for the purpose of inspection around the city, which is one of the initiatives of the ARPA led by the KHADC which they have planned to clean up and beautify the market as it was in the past.
Minister Duh urged ISRO to conduct national hackathons on Space Technology in Governance in collaboration with various departments of the Central and State Governments.
U Bah Metbah Lyndoh, President of the UDP party, from home, has started to bring unity among the leaders and office bearers of the UDP. Democratic Party (DPP) MLA Metbah Lyngdoh today started from home to gather all the office bearers and supporters and at the same time to welcome the joining of leaders from other countries. The political parties including the Congress.
He said that as the incident within the Nongkhlaw Kur, which happened to the War Sadew Kur and this affects even the family, the Elaka Department should look into such incidents to prevent them from happening. the conflict in the villages.
All those who have been selected to write these examinations can collect their admit card from 26/2/2022 and to prove that they are themselves they have to bring proof like Aadhaar. , to EPIC, Pan Card.
Furthermore, the Liquid Medical Oxygen (LMO) will top up the oxygen produced in these hospitals.
After Bah EK Mawlong, Dr FA Khonglam became the Chief Minister in 2001 but Dr Khonglam did not stay in this place. In 2003, he did not contest the MLA as an Independent but contested from the HSPDP. After the Election 3003, Bah DD Lapang came back as the Chief Minister of the State but did not stay in this post. house of government.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today voted on a question by Bah Manstudy Nongrem, Leader of the Opposition on the fund allocated by the KHADC to the KHFC to host the Monolith Festival. Replying to a question, CEM Bah PN Syiem said that the Council is still waiting for the report from the KHFC and if it has not received the report, how will the EC take action? inside the council house.
They also said that the youth will go to Langpih on the 2nd of November and many residents of the area will participate.
Shillong: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek today inaugurated the Golf Cup Season 6 of the Indian Institute of Management Shillong.
Recently, Meghalaya won the National ODOP Awards at the National ODOP Awards held at the Bharat Mandapamha on 3rd July
Shillong, June 04: KSU Jowai Circle and KSU Moodymmai Unit today arrested 10 Bangladeshis from Thadlaskien after receiving a tip that some people were passing through the area. to the road bah.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has expressed his gratitude to the people of Williamnagar who have given their trust to Marcuise to be their MLA and also to the NPP party. At the same time, their MLA Marcuise will work for the development of the people of the constituency.
In the northern parts of Garo Hills, Dengue cases have increased significantly.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: The Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) East Jaintia Hills District today said that a search operation has been conducted across the district.
John said that in the past, the election of the Lyngdoh was held by counting the number of people and this caused a stir. After this, it was decided that the election of the Lyngdoh should be held by only those who remain within the Kingdom.
He said that the Legislative Assembly has already released the money, why the scheme to pay to those who are entitled to receive it, this delay of the government is like an insult to the power holders.
We know that school children have to carry a lot of luggage in their school bags, from pencil boxes, compass boxes, lunch boxes, water bottles, copies of books, practical journals and so on, and even if these little ones don’t know it will affect their health, they need to be protected.
At the same time, they urged the residents not to ignore this scheme.
Before the bungy jump, the three participants had to undergo a test before they could participate and if found to be in good health, after that, They have to pay a fee of 9,000 tyngka to participate in the competition.
On the 15th of this month, he was robbed at Buridua Market at 7.30 pm and escaped with the help of women in the market.
Police of West Jaintia Hills District have seized three bikes, three without number plates, two with number plates and one bike from Assam.
On this occasion, the office bearers and EC members for the term 2018 – 2020 were also renewed. Kharshiing, Joint Secretary  Dr.Rollingstone Wankhar, Treasurer Prof.Badaplin War, Editor  Dr.Barrylia M.Wolflang, Auditor  Bah N.R.Gassah, Members of Executive Committee Prof.Streamlet Dkhar, Dr.P.Ester, Bah.Kho Kho .Kharshiing, and Mr. A.Sun.
Shillong, Nailar 27: The Superintendent of Police (SPS) in East Khasi Hills District today clarified that a petrol bomb exploded on a police vehicle at Umbir village in Ri Bhoi district and not at Mawlyndep.
Latiplang said that 6275 trading licenses have been issued to foreigners in the past years, and now the new EC has decided not to issue trading licenses to foreigners. The Khasi have been able to work and only those who have not yet been able to work are given by the Khasi.
There are 200 youths selected to attend the three-day training which will end tomorrow. 9 months in India and 10 months in Meghalaya.
They don't even have an EPIC, they come from other states of India," he said.
The drugs packed in 16 small plastic tubes weighing 17.31 grams were also seized from the child.
Of this T 500 crore, about T. 227 crore has been allocated for the development of ALGs and air connectivity in Arunachal Peadesh which is 50% of the total allocation.
Shillong, Naitung 15: During his visit to Bangladesh, Home Minister Rajnath Singh and Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina said that the cooperation between the two countries is strong. the Countries have been able to control terrorism.
Shillong, July 05: A day after the announcement of the results of the MP elections to the Lok Sabha, the Prime Minister of India has met with the President of India Droupadi Murmu and handed over her resignation letter. three days he shall be temporary overseer.
The meeting also discussed how to curb the rape of women and children, how to expedite the investigation and bring the perpetrators to justice without delay.
To take this decision is not a personal decision but there is a special committee which will meet in these days to take a decision. whether it is with the loan or with the deposit but he assured that there will be a reduction on both sides.
The Government has decided to bring ANVC-B troops to West Khasi Hills, but now it has decided to move the base to Aragonga, according to a statement issued by the Chief Secretary. The State Government in accordance with Letter No.NDC/6/2006/201 dated 13-05-2014, to set up a designated camp at Aradonga Community Hall to accommodate those who will be a threat to West Khasi Hills. In which the insurgents from Garo Hills have come to commit various illegal activities in the Khasi Hills.
All schools and government offices in East Khasi Hills District will be closed on Monday 12/11/2
According to the schemes prepared, it will cost T.15 crore to build roads in Resubelpara and it is expected that after the MP elections it is expected to receive the allocation for the construction of roads.
Two public meetings were addressed by Conrad in Imphal.
Because of the presence of government offices such as PWD, Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, Soil and Water Conservation, Irrigation, Police Out Post, PHC, BSF Camp and International Border, the union feels that it is the right of the State Bank of India to set up. There is no branch or ATM in the area.
The bus was heading from Silchar to Guwahati but when it reached this place on Tuesday night it turned into night which caused this great loss of life in which many people lost their lives. you are alive.
Police recovered an AK-47 rifle, a 9mm pistol, military uniforms, 23 rounds of 7.62 mm AK-47 and 9 rounds of 9mm pistol. rounds of 9mm pistol and 14 rounds of 14 AK-47 rounds of ammunition were recovered from the ground. law in connection with this incident.
Bah Kharbani said that HANM feels that as a small nation, this foreign census of the village officials of Diengpasoh has affected the country and the nation as a whole.
All these venues will feature live performances, art installations and food stalls.
According to a statement on the Facebook page, HBK Lyngdoh has criticized the HANM for holding a protest at Jantar Mantar in Delhi on 3rd November You are the National People's Party (NPP).
The Doloi have already proposed three sites to the government for the disposal of garbage and according to the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Act, Limits of Jurisdiction of Dolloi/Sirdar and Waheh Shnong) Act,
The union strongly condemns the inability of the SDMA to provide for the needs of the people in the right manner, when there are tragic incidents, which affect mostly the poor families from the rural areas.
The most important thing is that when they enter the houses they should not injure anyone. It was also suggested that there should be respect for human rights and they should have an ambulance when they go to visit any place. place.
However, she stressed that she has confidence in the members of the Club and the residents of Laitumkhrah to continue to work hard to develop the talents of the children.
Manager Foreign Race Seeds Station Moodymmai said that they received the fire at 5:00 pm this morning. inform the police.
On the other hand, the CII hopes that under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma, Meghalaya will bring about rapid economic growth.
Besides the political parties, members of the National People's Party (NPP) Youth Wing led by former Mylliem MLA Hamletson Dohling and that member.
It leaves us in the dark as to how the same incident has two Inquiry Commissions.
The Indian Audit and Accounts Department (IAAD) Shillong has celebrated its third Audit Diwas with programs from 16th to 24th November
In Meghalaya, the number of cases has risen to 20, one has died, 12 have recovered and eight are undergoing treatment.
There are five routes provided under the agreement to enable the North East to enter and leave through Bangladesh.
The BSF said that these cows came from Assam and were transported by trucks to the border with Bangladesh and placed in the forests so that when the smugglers get the opportunity they will smuggle them. I went to Bangladesh.
The celebration was held in collaboration with the office of the Block Development Officer of Mairang Block and the office of the Block Development Officer of Mawthadraishan Block today. River Mission, River.
Even after witnessing such incidents in 2020 in the bloodshed in Ichamati, why the district authorities still allow the groups to hold the rally at the same place?” said the CWC through Gopal Dey. .
: you must banelane happy-pa-happy.
Shillong, Nailar 09: Balarihun Kharlukhi from Mylliem Kyndong, who came forward and 6th position in the result of the Secondary School Leaving Certificate (SSLC), 2020, has received a laptop from Mylliem Kyndong. Mylliem MLA Hamletson Dohling who is also the Minister of Urban Affairs of the State Government.
The union requests the government to take action against those who stay abroad to allow them to return safely to their home country and when they return to follow the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. Well.
It was admitted that Narpuh is still one of the villages which is lagging behind in terms of economic development although it is one of the villages that can generate a lot of revenue to the state government.
It may be recalled that in the past months, Meghalaya has been hit by natural disasters such as landslides due to heavy rains, floods in Ri Lum Garo. To help the people of the state, the party has donated 2 lakh tyngka.
Finally, the union requests the cooperation of the people so that the union can eliminate such exploiters and provide services to the community in a proper manner without discrimination.
The Central Government has directed the Sixteenth Finance Commission to submit its report to the Government by 31st March 2025 as the allocation for the next five years will be from 1st June
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Meghalaya Civil Society Organizations today convened a meeting to discuss the news from the Central Government that the Amendment to the Sixth Schedule will be introduced in the Legislative Assembly. the parliament is not coming.
The KSU leader said that there will be no mining policy to protect the radiation that will be emitted if uranium is mined.
This was confirmed by the state police after the vehicle of the Project Director of DRDA was shot dead in South Garo Hills.
"“Pylleiñ pyllein kat that incident in Ichamati and you have seen through the videos that (foreigners) carrying weapons but the Khasi youth including the members of the KSU just out of suspicion were shot and killed and is covered by various laws.
All the groups who came to take part received a gift from the BSF. The villages who came to take part in this Boll march which started on the 11th of this month and ended Muktapur and Pyrdiwah have produced two teams.
KSU Mawkyrwat Circle urges the government to take action and if the government does not remain silent, it will take the steps of protest for the needs of the district and the state as a whole.
We have decided to declare a strike across the state,” said the MAWU leader. MAWU spokesperson Sonny Kharjana said, “The Union demands the The State Government to increase the salary from T.2000 thousand to T.5000 per month because after the women take over the post of ASHA they cannot go to work elsewhere.
Regarding the border crossing by the army, the Seng has urged the DC to take action because from time to time the army has been disrupting the peace and order of the people. The signs 'Defence Land' on roads and land under the jurisdiction of PWD and private individuals should be removed.
Shillong, Naitung 09: The Unitarian Church Jowai, one of the executive branches of the Unitarian Church Jowai, will hold a Free Health Camp on Urology and Kidney Diseases at on July 14, 2018 at HK Singh Secondary School, Jowai from 10:00 am.
On the other hand, the KSU demands that the government should immediately address this issue so that nothing untoward will happen and the KSU demands that the government should immediately resolve the border issue so that there will be no incident. the conflict and the land grabbing of the Khasi villages.
Peace and order has started to return to Block II after a meeting between the leaders of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council and the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council recently in Shillong in November this year.
In the struggle for the recognition of the Chiefs in the form of the Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya – the Dorbar of Chiefs of Meghalaya – the Federation of Khasi States – the Dolloi – the Sirdarships and KHADC to take action to prepare the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement.
I urge the police department to conduct a clean appointment,” the DGP said.
The light outage will be for six hours on that day . The purpose of the light outage is to build a light distribution station at Moowakhu 33/11 switch yard under the ASPA scheme MeECL said that the lights will be turned off in the villages of Khliehriat, Sutnga, Saipung, Sumer, Nongkhlieh, Iooksi, Shangpung and Mookaiaw.
The program started yesterday with the president of the party Rikman G Momin who first submitted his proposal.
The implementation of the UCC will affect the Sixth Schedule which applies only to the tribals of Assam, Meghalaya, Tripura and Mizoram, as these states have District Councils which have the power to make laws to protect them. to the tribes, to the land, to the forests, and to the customs and traditions of the tribes.
Similarly, in June 2022, there were 1.05 crore statements of invoices under GSTR-1 submitted.
The admit cards have been sent by SSC NER to all the applicants but if the candidates do not receive the admit cards they can download them from the website.
He said that the AYUSH department plans to hold a market for people from many countries where medicinal plants will be sold and discussed.
Shillong, Nailur 8: The East Khasi Hills Local Taxi Welfare Association (EKHLTWA) has decided to raise the flag on the 11th of this month to protest against the increase in taxi drivers. increase the number of taxis.
They have to get others.
The women of the Women's Church and the Christian Endeavor Society, the office bearers of the Committee of the Umdihar Presbyterian Church have lamented the incident as the items were purchased and donated by poor families to the church and to the church. the table of the Lord.
The song is a variety of songs in Hindi, in different languages, without music, piano, international soundtrack, and ringtone.
The CEM said that the opposition to Arear and DA is because the state government has not released the money belonging to the KHADC, which is only for the year 2021-2 The share for the year 2022-2023 has not been paid by the government.
At the same time, the Rangbah Shnong of each village is elected by the people of the village according to the will of the people who see far ahead of his power and ability to carry Especially in these times of knowledge, we all want to have village leaders who are more intelligent and understand the importance of the work in the community. village in thaw.
Shillong, Naiwieng 05: The All Meghalaya Karate-Do Association (AMKDA) has organized a two-day Karate tournament in Shillong.
On this occasion, the visitors were filled with enthusiasm and on this occasion they were able to convey to the visitors that the time has come to strengthen the empowerment of women, said the speaker. Karan Johar praised the SCC after their song.
Shillong, June 20: U CEM of KHADC, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne today found that the area between the Municipal, Cantonment Board and Mylliem Hima land at Mawlong Market is dirty. and the pipes were not installed in the area which caused the destruction of the area.
Therefore, for the benefit of the people of many churches, the status quo should be maintained,” said AIGU President Elbarth Marak.
To make the Shillong Airport capable of landing larger aircraft, the Central Government has allocated T.180 crore for the airport in the state.
Speaking at the opening ceremony of the new office of the Shillong Press Club, he said that he had met with the Chief Minister of Assam where they discussed the welfare of the entire area and those related to the issue. in the state of Meghalaya.
Shillong, July 20: The Joint Action Committee of MeECL today met with the Minister in charge of Electricity to discuss the issues.
According to Rule 71 of the AD Rule, it should be taken within 24 hours or two days, but within an hour the motion of no confidence was taken.
The Chief of the Hima Khyriem, Pa,im Hababan Sing Syiem, while speaking to reporters, said that it is true that this year's festival has not been as usual. They cannot take part in this annual festival.
Speech was also delivered by the Education Secretary of the Circle, Samla Roitre Dkhar, in his speech, he advised especially the new leaders of the Circle to be dedicated to serve the Circle. the public, especially that they should serve first of all from their own community.
At the same time, he said, “They don't want peace to end up on the highways to carry flags or sit in front of the secretariat. cum Publicity Secretary, HNLC in a statement released today.
The arrears of the teachers are from November
The event featured and promoted local products, which contributed to the economic growth and rich heritage of the region.
Of these 24 cases, 6 cases are health workers, 13 cases have come for testing, 3 cases have been in close contact with the patients, 1 case has come from abroad and 1 should be like a head.
Therefore, the Leader urged and advised the Additional Deputy Commissioner of Civil Sub Division Pynursla through the Department of Food and Civil Supplies to prepare price lists and distribute them to the shops. The district authorities should also punish those who do not post the prices of food items in front of their shops and close down all the shops that violate.
These pass through the villages; It was also heard that there is illegal logging without understanding and responsibility in these villages. Sohmat and Bhowal Syiemships are located in East Khasi Hills District.
The hospital authorities have placed him in a special place for treatment.
Besides the government has asked the families of those writers to pay the quarantine fee for the 41 writers, that is part of the praise to the government, but besides their violation of the protocols or rules to They should also be punished according to the provisions of the IPC and CRP because they have cheated the government authorities.
The leaders said that the party has already met with the Chairman and Member Secretary of the DSC Committee but the meeting has not reached any conclusion as nothing has been seen yet. so the arseng took away this step.
At the same time, the Sport Secretary of the village, Bah Martin Pohplet, gave a speech to the winners of the awards. He urged them to have a spirit of perseverance in any area so that they can reap the fruit of pride. success in the life of and also to be an honor to the community, the region and the country as a whole.
Shillong, June 12: U Conrad K Sangma, National President of the National People's Party (NPP) Conrad K Sangma, after casting his vote in Tura for the election of the MDC candidate for the GHADC Legislative Assembly, said that to rule alone.
The body of Tiklu Jyrwa will be flown to Guwahati at 4 pm and is expected to arrive in Shillong tonight at his residence in Lumparing. , Shillong.
Shillong, Nailar 18: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has expressed its strong opposition to the announcement issued by the Directorate of Commerce and Industry of the Meghalaya Government that industrial areas will no longer fall under the Autonomous District Councils. They are no longer under the Sixth Schedule or are no longer Tribal Areas and no longer belong to any Dorbar Shong, Dorbar Hima or Elaka.
The HNLC has alleged that the Indian government has forcibly signed the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement 1948 by shooting without the approval of the Hima Dorbars and Syiems.
On the other hand, the Speaker said that this is not the responsibility of the Legislative As they cannot interfere with the responsibility of the Executive, but if this information is brought before him, he will request the Prime Minister. the state to do whatever is necessary in this regard.
This incident happened at about three o'clock in the morning.
“We’re surprised and maybe it’s just (someone’s) scientific trick.
In another incident in Sohra, a man was shot and injured and was taken to Shillong for treatment.
This is the second time that such a thing has happened, the first time was when the police raised the flags. Finally, the union expresses its disapproval of such intimidation, but will continue to intensify the protests in the coming days. .
Noting that Tura Constituency is the largest constituency in the GHADC and has the largest number of voters, Marak said, “The Executive Committee has been biased. The NPP led by the Central Government has deprived the people of Tura of the relief aid provided by the Central Government.
The Shad Suk Mynsiem in this village was very successful.
Het Pohthmi, a candidate from 3-War West, has not yet filed his nomination papers from 2-War Central.
Taniam was bombed and tied by nine to five people, but the Delhi police were unable to provide protection and he died. .
The Chief Executive Members who attended the press conference were Hamprey L Ryntathiang, Lyngiong Hima, Alexius Kurbah, Marbisu Hima, W Syiem, Nongpoh Hima, Morgan Lyngdoh, Raid Mushai Hima. Mr. Khyrim, Mr. L Basaiawmoit, Minister of Nongkhlaw Hima, Mr. D Khongjoh, Secretary, Mr. Ro Mawiong, Secretary, Mr. Ro Mawiong, Mr. Khyrim, Minister of Hima Khyrim. , Chairman, Chief Executive Officer.
On this occasion, the participants also took the oath of Bharat Sankalp Yatra to achieve a developed and self-sufficient India by
He said that this disease is the most devastating in the last 100 years, which has never been seen in the world, adding that the country has fought against this disease in various areas.
Now it is in conflict with clause (d) of Article 19 (1) and it is the same to be allowed under Article 19 (5).
The DC requested the households who have registered at the CDPO office to come forward to print their Adhaar Cards so that they will not lose the benefits of the schemes allocated for them.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with the Chief Minister, Bah Emlangki Lamare MDC, who is also the Chairman of the JAC, he said that he has promised to open the block on the 26th. They were pleased and said that the Block will be operational from the opening day.
Both these measures, the provision of drones to women's SHGs and the increase in the number of Jan Aushadhi Kendras from 10,000 to 25,000, were announced by Prime Minister Duh in his speech. on the occasion of Independence Day this year.
Due to the urgent need to deliver to the market, it is also allowed to harvest and collect the produce and deliver it to the market to avoid the loss of these products.
They may be able to provide training to women's and fathers' self-help organizations so that they can act as assistants to child caregivers and train caregivers. some of the roles they can play at home to enhance children's understanding of various topics and build the child in a holistic way.
The protest came after Assam police shot dead two Meghalayans at Umlaper village at night. People from Ummat, Pdengtleit villages also came out to protest. The police were sent out of Umlaper village.
The CE promised that this month, the project will be improved so that it will benefit all the churches.
SHILLONG, Jymphnag, 12: As the days approach for the election of the KHADC elections on the 24th of this month, the residents of Mawlai Nongmali have been in trouble. part of the constituency division.
The schemes implemented are the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (Urban), the Atal Mission for Rejuvenation and Urban Transformation (AMRUT) and the Smart City Mission, which launched on 25 July starting from 2nd March 2014 and 90% of the projects funded by the Central Government and 10% by the State Governments are currently underway under the North Eastern Region Urban Development Program (NERUDP) and DAY-NULM. The RERA will be discussed in the next two days.
Bah FR Kharkongor in his speech, praised the SCYO&C for taking this responsibility to reach out to the villagers by setting up this school. the city of Mawrah.
In 2015, India ranked 10th in terms of income growth, which has now reached the fourth position. India is now behind Russia, Italy, Brazil, France and UL. The race was with Germany to finish fourth.
The BSF has tightened its security on the border.
At present, to talk about the niangkulia in Meghalaya, people are still reluctant to talk about the niangkulia. it is impossible to tell the name.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) Thadlaskeng Circle has held a public meeting in Nartiang. president of F.K.j.
The Leader of the Opposition, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that there is still time, at present they have not had any discussion on this and if the issue of no confidence in the government is to be raised, there is still time. some will still be thinking.
This was announced by the President of the Union.
BSF troops have seized T.11 lakh worth of Supari rice imported from Bangladesh at market price. BSF troops have also seized two vehicles worth T.11 lakh tyngka from Dampukaphal village under Rongra Police Station. The victims were able to flee the scene.
Gigur Myrthong will be in charge of Trade and Enforcement, Rangkynsai Kharbuki will be in charge of council houses, registration and release department. and the building department.
Speaking to reporters, he said that the curfew has caused problems to the farmers as they can no longer market their jhur every day.
Speaking to media, HBDRF Chairman Chandame Sungoh said that from 15th October 1835 to 15th July 1947, the Lapang Nangpyllut Dolloiship and Pangam Raliang were under the jurisdiction of the HBDRF. These two areas have not been included in the boundary of Jaintia Hills but have been forcibly included in the North Kachar and Karbi Hills District Autonomous Council. they are against this.
of Organon of Medicine, Nehru Homoeopathic Medical College & Hospital, New Delhi, was the chief guest.
Shillong, Iaiong 29: The Seng Khasi Kmie Mawkhar today held the annual cleanliness drive at the Lum Jingthang in Jaiaw which was inaugurated by Bah Adelbert Nongrum MLA in the presence of the party leaders.
Answering questions related to Meghalaya, he said that the NEC will allocate T.11 crore for the improvement of the market and this will be implemented within the next two or three months. There are so many shops that the market cannot be closed.
Since the inception of the business, the administration of GST transactions continues on an IT and automated basis.
The Ministry of Agriculture will leave for Delhi tomorrow morning to meet with the Union Minister of Agriculture to discuss the allocation of agriculture. Urea fertilizer, unfortunately, some people are misled about this.
The party wants to ensure that the investigation is not free and for this reason they demand that a committee of inquiry should be appointed from the office of the President of India whether it is any committee of inquiry to to find out all the facts and to punish those who are involved in this matter.
"This massive cleanliness program urges all the people of the country to join hands in cleaning public places such as market squares, railway tracks, water parks, parks, holy and others.
The Deputy Commissioner of North Garo Hills District, SC Sadhu, told SP News Agency that it is true that a bus carrying passengers from Guwahati to drop off passengers from Chennai collided with another bus. The driver of the bus and the passenger were injured in the accident. Others were also injured in the accident.
When the Government acquires land in the indigenous lands of Meghalaya, it must seek permission from the land owners and the District Council and the District Council must seek permission from the Hima, Raid and Village before allocating it.
People from all faiths have visited the pandals from one place to another whether in Shillong or in other districts which have pandals during the Durga festival. Worship.
This act is for the benefit of the farmers.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: Four trucks carrying cows were seized by BSF troops at Amlarem in West Jaintia Hills District on Friday.
I also want to say that you inspire others to stand firm to achieve their dreams.
The important thing is that if the government authorities include museums as one of the subjects in schools it will be a useful knowledge for the future generations. to the past.
Speaking before the ceremony, RK Saini, IG NE Ftr ITBP, said that it is something that needs to be done to preserve the beauty of Shillong and it is the responsibility of the city. Everyone should take part in this environmental protection.
Other prominent leaders who joined the NPP party include former KHADC CEM Manstudy Nongrem, former JHADC CEM Hambertus Nongtdu, former MDC Thomas Nongtdu and UDP leader Renol Kharkamni. Shillong, Jymmang 23: The All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) today confirmed the office bearers of the Nongstoin Block Trinamool Congress (UDP) in Ri Bhoi District. Macmillan Kharbani was elected as the president of the party.
The Seng has urged the CEM to take action and after the discussion it has decided to monitor this issue so that it will be of benefit to the residents of the area.
As long as we provide them with adequate and quality equipment, they make arrangements to deliver such equipment in India itself, or to ensure the welfare and interests of our troops, we follow the lessons of our free struggle.
It is clear that the central government has not been able to approve the demand of the civil society to implement the ILP in the state.
Answering a question on the good policy of the government, he said that 40% of the Khasi-Pnar, 40% of the Garo, 5% of the OBC and 15% of the general.
He said the party expects the EC under the leadership of Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem as CEM to take a decision as soon as possible to release the people who own land on the border to register their land. Meghalaya and Assam so that the border settlement between Meghalaya and Assam can be done smoothly and quickly.
Those criminals who defame and defame the name and honor of the groups that struggle for justice should be punished.
Shillong, Naitung 15: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Tuesday met with the Deputy Commissioner Shri Arpit Upadhaya regarding the installation of electricity posts by the Assam government in three villages under the jurisdiction of Assam. The border areas are Sabuda, Jatalong and Umsohlaper.
He said that the MDA Government has taken the documents prepared by the previous Governments, and said that the documents that do not exist will be of great benefit.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: The Chiefs of the four Himas on the border with Assam today wrote to the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District who is also the Secretary of the Regional Committee regarding the Boundary settlement talks in the Kamrup areas of Assam and West Khasi Hills District.
What we can say clearly is that farmers farm not only to live for themselves or to earn money, but so that all the residents can live together by getting food and drink through the hard work of the farmers.
She said that the problems of those years have been resolved and that the economy is now on a stable and strong path where economic growth is in all sectors.
MPCC Deborah Ch Marak on Tuesday said that the Congress party should take this lesson from its defeat in the upcoming elections in four states of India.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04: The HITO today sent a letter to the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh to repeal the Meghalaya Gambling Act
Deepshikha Singh has been selected as the winner of the Miss India award and with this victory she will be able to represent India at the World Championships. .
For every Indian, whether at home or anywhere in the world, the 15th of July is special.
The Government of Meghalaya has taken many measures to introduce farmers from the state and people abroad to market their products and convert them into better food.
The BJP leader has accused the people of the state of throwing the NPP government into the Tura Constituency. come.
In 1986, she was elected as the State Coordinator for the Voluntary Implementation of the Biogas Scheme and in 1995, she was awarded the Meghalaya State Mahatma Gandhi Award.
A letter has been sent to the PWD department to prepare a drawing for the reconstruction of this bridge which the people like to stand on when going to Nan Polok.
Therefore, the Seng urges the relevant authorities of the State Government to take action as soon as possible to improve and implement this training center so that it will be a blessing to those people who have the desire in this area to start their own businesses. If you pass the training, you will be able to complete it.
The people will elect their leaders to these two Houses of Assembly within the District Councils on the 24th of this month.
The KSU has already directed all its branches to be vigilant on the entry of people into the district.
The surprising thing is that the government has changed the name of the PHC at Madan Siahrang, Wapungskur without the knowledge of the DS Wapungskur and DS Wapungshnong. , the two villages which have been involved with the government since before the construction of the office.
Ioanis Lyngdoh will contest from Mawthadraishan MDC constituency and Lambok Nongrang will contest from Mairang MDC constituency.
This year from 1st November 2022 to 31st March 2022, the BSF seized 163.325 kilos of gold, arrested 3608 persons, seized 1234 bullets, 82 rounds of ammunition, T.2848500 lakh worth of counterfeit money and 24496.052 grams of heroin were seized.
Police have launched an investigation into the incident and registered a case against him under section No.25(6)2018 U/S 364/302/34 IPC of Nartiang. Police station.
Referring to the activities of the GNLA and ANVC, he said the government is determined to fight against them in order to bring peace in the state.
In the petition, NESO also demanded that the Khasi, Garo from Meghalaya and Kok Borok from Tripura should be included in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
At the same time, the MLA urged the Chief Minister to increase the scheme from T.500/- per month to T.500/- tyngka. T.2000/- per month as these are the poorest people in the state.
In his letter, the Assam MLA has requested the Meghalaya government not to say anything regarding the boundary issue in the area. central government scheme.
In order to accommodate the 2,000 students, the program was held in two parts, one in the morning and the other in the afternoon.
The funding for the project is 905% from the Central Government and 10% from the State Government.
The presentation will help orthopedic surgeons treat patients suffering from a variety of injuries, specifically sports injuries.
Shillong, July 4: The Cabinet will meet on Tuesday next month to discuss whether to hand over some of the functions of MeECL to the Rural Electrification Corporation Limited, the Chief Minister said. Conrad's state.
Police have arrested the Rangbah Shnong Kerini Khongsit, Thwer Tynsong, Assistant Rangbah Shnong and Jwatbor Khongmalai. Secretary of the village on the 26th of this month when they surrendered to the police.
The District Magistrate of East Jaintia Hills and the MSPCB officials had to leave without permission. arrive at the venue to hold this public hearing.
He said that children and adults alike can have this disease which can also affect through diabetes.
The MSKA would also like to thank all those who supported and encouraged Hame Shaniah Suiam to reach Budapest Hungary.
The Marathon is also an opportunity to bring together sportsmen, sports fans and especially those who are marathoners themselves and the elderly who take care of their bodies by running every step. The current Principal, H.M.Marwein, the former Principal, has spoken about the many benefits of sports in the field of health, employment and higher education. retired from MB Hooroo.
Shillong, Nailar 30: Police in the state have recovered several bodies from across the state in the past two days.
Ms Ampareen said that if the ASHA workers do their job properly, they can earn about 5000 to 7000 tyngka per month.
Shillong, July 16: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Central Executive Council (KSU) has expressed its disappointment over the statement by the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma to build a railway line to Sohra.
On the occasion of the death anniversary of Bah B Nishan Wahlang, Bah Herman recalled, 'I asked Bah Nishan to explain or write about the issue of Khasi culture, in which I have set a rule to tell the day. and it was this that urged Bah Spiton to investigate until the celebration was held with the ksing and dhah last year.
Currently, more than 50 crore people of the country receive free health care worth up to T.5 lakh.
The discussion on this issue will continue with the government in July 2021, if the discussion is not sufficient they will sit down to discuss how to proceed.
The Act prohibits the slaughter of pregnant animals especially in the areas under the jurisdiction of the Municipal.
Dagengre November 01: Speaking at the foundation stone laying ceremony of the Greater Raksamgre Water Supply Scheme (GWSS) funded by the National Rural Drinking Water Program in Raksamgre, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the government has Meghalaya has allocated funds for the implementation of development works in the villages bordering Assam.
WORD under the leadership of the General Secretary, Reviewlett Kylla visited the hospital and met with the patients and the people who came to get medicine. However, when inquired about the doctor, it was found that the doctor did not stay in the hospital but left to go to her home in Shillong.
The Chief Minister said that those who are outside India will have to follow the rules laid down by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Union Government, which fall under the jurisdiction of the State Government.
The smugglers tried to smuggle these bilor across the fence and the smugglers from Bangladesh were ordered to come and take them, but they were caught by the BSF. Shillong, July 24: The BSF troops BSF Senior Secondary School, BSF Senior Secondary School, which came first in Class X and Class XII, today held a ceremony to honor the students who passed well in Class X and Class XII. Aradhika Paul, Shreyosi Adyapak and Shreya Swaroop in Class 10 CGP, Dipu Swargiary with 91.8% in Science, Eshan Srivastawa with 86% in Commerce and Samla in Law. Gracentia 84.4% in Arts.
After receiving these messages, he went to inquire at the SBI in Vellor and found that the money from his account had been withdrawn up to T.80,000/-.
That the revenue collected is so low that the District Council is finding it difficult to carry out even the daily activities and activities as mentioned in the Sixth Schedule and this has led to the lack of funds to carry out the activities. for economic development.
You have to determine which District Councils are destroying the customs and traditions and which District Councils are not adequate,” he said. the Doloi, where the raid rulers, the Rangbah Shnong, the Doloi came.
In such a difficult and painful time of life for the low-paid, we don't understand how they can feed the hungry stomachs of their children.
The President of HITO Ri Bhoi District, Bah Apbor Nongrum, who was able to ring the video of the incident, said that the union demands from the authorities of Ri Bhoi District to take action. to ensure that nothing happens to this bridge.
Synshar won the UDP ticket from the 23-Sohiong (ST) Assembly Constituency with 16,679 votes and defeated the NPP candidate Samlim Malngiang. MLA of this place.
Speaking to SP News Agency, he said that until now, the road construction department has received only a verbal notice, but they have not received a written notice from the company.
At present, the PHC serves 34 villages with a population of not more than 37,000, but the lack of full time doctors and nurses has caused problems. to the inhabitants of this area.
The union wants to make it clear to the state government and the government of India that they will never allow the mining of uranium. We should also take up arms if it demands us to do so and if the government authorities want to use force in this regard”.
The NF Railway has deployed RPF and GRF personnel in the areas where there is no danger to ensure that there is no thermaw.
The police raid on the members of the party was illegal as they had bypassed the village authorities who are responsible for maintaining the peace and order in the village.
The death toll of cows since November 2022 so far has been 200001 and the estimated compensation is T.30000/- per cow according to the NDRF. Lumpy Skin Disease (LSD) is the most common cause of death.
Wellbirth Rani President of FKJGP said that this is the third meeting with Amit Shah, the first in Delhi, the second in NECg and this is the third meeting today. He should have said something but he didn't answer as the civil society didn't attend this meeting.
Referring to the GNLA's proposal for peace talks, the Garo Hills Bhalang leader said they are pleased, but the question is whether the government is silent on this and if the GNLA and as thou hast said, thou shalt increase more and more.
KHNAM urges the government to take action on this issue.
Thomas Rangthaluh, President of the Kickboxing Association of Ri-Bhoi District, was the Chief Organizer of the two-day C'ship.
At the same time, the Government has also set up a Committee to consider the Benami Transaction Act 1980 and the Meghalaya Regulation Bill, 2013 headed by Bah Rowell Lyngdoh. The Dy.Chief Minister will include Bah HDR Lyngdoh, Minister of District Council Affairs, Officers from the Political, Law and Defense Departments. on this Bill.
The arrested Bangladeshis are residents of Sylhet and Habibganj in northern Bangladesh. They were smuggling into India. The BSF also arrested the driver. you can't help them.
The need for sports activities is a major challenge.
Students of Mission Upper Primary School, Mawryngkneng have killed the Governor and the lyndan through a martial art like the army before going to fight the insurgents on the occasion of the Republic Day. which was held in Shillong on Thursday.
He said the Karmayogi Mission aims to improve the working methods and thinking of the Government employees so that they can be happy and content, and as a result, the service delivery of the Government will be better.
He said that the people of Langpih have been suffering for 49 years due to this border dispute. He said that there are 12 areas in the middle of the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam and Langpih is one of them. The places where there is no dispute are not allowed to resolve the issue.
Shillong, March 13: U DP Working President Paul Lyngdoh in his explanation regarding the news on the IOA and AA, said that the speech of one of the party leaders it’s a personal statement not a party one.
During the investigation, the three drivers failed to show sufficient islands to carry the sugar.
Jowai, March 03: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) has strongly condemned the decision of the Prime Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma to block the blockade of villages, offices and roads by the 10 Sengbhalang of the State. against the government under his leadership as head of government, in which there is no confidence in his courage and determination even to take responsibility for the future of the country and the minority.
While visiting the office, the SP News Agency saw that in front of the door of the office of the Controller Examination, plastic bags were covered with plastic bags.
After receiving information from the CEO of the Shillong Cantonment Board that the land is under the jurisdiction of the Defense Estate Officer, Guwahati and there is also a part of the land which is under litigation.
He said that many participants will come from outside India this time.
On the other hand, Bah Kennedy Khyriem, President, said that he congratulates the Government and the Police Department for taking action to arrest those involved in the crime. that work be ain.
He met with a group of women leaders (MeiraPaibi) in Imphal.
The names of the villages which fall under the Shallang C&RD Block in West Khasi Hills District are as follows: Riangba, Mawkhap, Jynra, Nongjaiaw, Snaram, Pork Sai, Mawlai, Langshonthiang.
In her complaint, she said that she had bought a policy and the time she should have received the money was in 2012 but she has not yet received the money. T.21 Lakh.
The KSU Mawlai Mawiongrim Unit stands firm to move forward in its activities.
During the investigation, it was found that the smuggled gold was hidden inside the vehicle.
The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization Jaintia Hills District (JHATI) has expressed its surprise over the use of force by the West Jaintia Hills Police to seize and take away the goods of the vendors at Iaw Musiang, Jowai in the past few days.
However, when they arrived in Delhi and met with SPC Lamphong Annan Sharma, they learned that the government had sent
The Government has set up a committee to look into the recruitment policy in the state . The meeting today decided to continue the meeting in June come.
These five organizations request the people to stay with them for a few days.
Eastern West Khasi Hills District has the highest pass percentage with 92.32%, while South Garo Hills District has the lowest pass percentage with 56.30%.
“I am pleased that the Chief Minister has also promised to look into the construction of this new building.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has launched the Fit India Movement to encourage people of all ages in India to adopt a healthy lifestyle.
They urged the Minister of Road Construction, Bah Prestone Tynsong to look into the road or they have to wait until they get the MLAs from the NPP party. to look after this city which has been very bad for more than 40 years.
The KSU South West Khasi Hills on Tuesday afternoon appeared in the media to demand the release of Umdohlun or Wahkaji CRD Block. .
At the meeting held at the Main Secretariat, Shillong, the Chief Secretary sought information on the situation on the border ahead of the Lok Sabha elections.
The Protem Chairman of KHADC, Telinia Thangkhiew, announced in the House that two candidates have filed their nomination papers for the Deputy Chairman election. Mr. Equator L Nongrang.
This amount is in accordance with the procedures adopted for the fiscal year 2020-21, where T.1.10 lakh crore has been released to the States in the same manner.
The group has prepared that in these days it is not against the rights but against the government's injustice whether it is in education or anything else that has affected, as well as in the trade. The income of the people has increased.
At this meeting, the Chief Minister said that he has explained to the MDCs of KHADC that it will not affect the powers of the District Councils. Part of those courts were formerly DCs and now the work has been transferred between the courts and the officers.
This is the statement of Marconi Thongni, President, KSU Ranikor Circle.
“When asked by the State Government on the summons for the demolition of the houses illegally occupied by the police, Bah Kharlyngdoh said, “Is it illegal for the builder to build a house on the land? Is it illegal for a person to clean up and smuggle drugs or is it illegal for those who intend to They have summoned back the people from Assam as alleged by the drug users who have been arrested by the union to bring back the drugs in the Lum Survey.
Police have fined T.98,500/- tyngka for driving without a license, T.1000/- tyngka for driving without a license and imprisonment according to the law.
Lekh Bhadur Chettri, Constable, Ri Bhoi Nongpoh, Sulaman Ch Sangma, Constable, Samgong, Benjamin Lalduhawma Hmar, Constable, Amarjeet Kr Rai, Constable, Shillong.
The complaint that the CAA is against the Constitution, the CAA Act 2019 and the implementation of the CAA 2019 which was notified on /order of the Central Government issued as follows, GSR 686 (E) dated 7.9.2015, GSR 702(E) dated 18.7.2016 and GSR 703 (E) dated
The Cabinet also approved the request of the Labor Department to introduce amendments to the Meghalaya Building Welfare Bill 1996 and directed the Labor Department to introduce this section in the Ordinance. The Meghalaya Building and Other Construction Works Board (MEB) headed by the Principal Secretary of the Department has been appointed by the Government of Meghalaya. The Supreme Court has been appointed as the Chief Justice of the country.
The injured were identified as Mercy Hmar, 58, Rohu Mali, 47 and Robihul Hussain,
He also played in the Sub-Junior National Championship in 2017 and in 2019 he played for H Elias Higher Secondary School in the Subroto Cup.
There will be many doctors from the state on this day. On this day, no eye patients will be treated, no medicine will be given and the eye clinic will be opened by the Minister of State. Bah AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, will also be the chief guest.
