Since April 2022, BSF has seized up to 3 lakh kilos of sugar intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh. , July 05: Meghalaya today celebrated the Environment Day at Raj Bhavan led by the Governor of Meghalaya Phagu Chauhan by planting trees in the presence of only the workers.
“If we don't get a reply from the Syiem within 45 days, we will go to the office of the Syiem Khyrim,” said the Rangbah Shnong of Mawiong Diengpasoh Road, Bah Richard Kharumnuid. .
The examination of their qualifications for the SF-10 will be conducted at the 1MLP battalion in Mawiong.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 341, with 94 cases in West Garo Hills and 88 cases in East Khasi Hills. , the total number of recoveries so far is
“However, the KJPA will continue to monitor this issue,” said Pastor Phawa.
Jowai, Naiwieng 03: The AJYWO Central Body strongly condemns the killing of Bah Maidar Tyngkan Dkhar and the seriously injuring of two other youths in Mookhep village, East Jaintia Hills. on the night of March 30,
On this occasion, 19 employees of the Survey came forward to donate for the purpose of donating to the families in need and especially to celebrate as at this time when all the Merry Christmas to you.
This shows disrespect for insult and discrimination among us as a nation and such statements as a party cannot be accepted or buried.
The Pradhan Minister's Formalization of Micro Food Processing Enterprises Yojana has helped 2.4 lakh SHGs and 60,000 people to get loans.
At this public meeting, the Rajya Sabha MP said that the Prime Minister of India has urged all the MPs to take at least one village to bring about development and sustainability. the customs and traditions of the villages.
Gokulam, which fought hard, scored the first goal before halftime in the 43rd minute through Nili Perdomo.
Answering a question by RV Lyngdoh, the Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, said that the tender for the Umsherpi Upper Shillong Road has been called again and this falls under the first phase.
During these 125 years of the school, it has produced many leaders who have inspired other women in the state such as Silverine Swer, Padmashree, Padmashree, EN Shullai, Mavis Dunn Lyngdoh, Women. Bonily Khongmen, the first Khasi woman to become a Member of Parliament, Rose M. Bathew, Chairperson of the UPSC. Bansara Dhar, Rangbah Shnong of Mission Compound, Ms. Bansara Dhar and Balarina Syiem of Badminton.
Samla Bimol said that the love of the nation should be in all aspects from the cleanliness and the environment so that the benefits will be for the present and tomorrow.
The meeting was conducted by Samla Romerson Maring President FKJGP Laitkor Circle in the presence of Bah Kynsai War, Secretary FKJGP Central Body, FKJGP Mawryngkneng Circle and Jaiaw Circle. The new leaders of FKJGP Nongkrem Circle were confirmed by Bah Elton Cliff Warjri, President of FKJGP Nongkrem Circle who is also the Sports Secretary of the FKJGP Nongkrem Circle.
In this meeting with the DMHO of West Khasi Hills District, Dr E Tariang on behalf of the FKJGP also submitted a letter demanding that the DMHO should be opened and implemented. The sub Center will be located in the area so that it can benefit the people living in the border villages of Meghalaya and Assam.
He was ordained Lyngdoh Sohblei on 23rd July,
On the other hand, the residents of Kdonghulu led by Kong Iaishah Rymbai went to the MePDCL Ummiam office to meet with the officers regarding the light outage.
Raphael Warjri, producer of the film, said that the film is based on the story of Tiewlarun and many parts of the film were shot in parts of Mawkyrwat.
The counting of votes will be held at 13 centers for Shillong and Tura.
Shillong,Naiwieng,09:The trends collection of titan eye plus is one of the largest eyewear retailers in India, with 100 varieties of eyewear available in different colours. They are different colors such as blue, purple, gold, silver, iong and blue, and so on.
All teams from different villages of the state are invited to participate in this tournament and the winner will receive a cash prize and a trophy. The Affairs Committee invites those teams who wish to participate to inform the Committee before 3 pm on the 25th of this month.
Speaking to media after the opening of the General Council meeting, Thomas Passah said that at the meeting of the Committee of all political parties recently, the Chairperson of the Committee said There are no experts in this state and you have to bring them from abroad.
Silbi Passah, a resident of Riatsamthiah, Shillong, is also a retired Hindi teacher. SCERT and DERT, in terms of providing training to teachers in many areas.
The Prime Minister said that sports universities have been opened in the country and modern sports facilities have been provided in all parts of the country.
Shillong, Naitung 27: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma on Tuesday said that the inclusion of Sanbor Shullai in the Cabinet is the decision of the BJP party according to a letter written by the President of the BJP Meghalaya State. Ernest Mawrie's unit.
There are 1318 recoveries so far, 83 recoveries today, 68 cases in East Khasi Hills, 9 cases from the army and 59 cases from the civilian population. cases, Ri Bhoi 5 cases, West Garo Hills 6 cases, East Jaintia Hills 4 cases.
The Minister said that during the meeting held today, they discussed the current situation of COVID-19 in the state, whether it is the increase in the number of cases. , recovered, and an increase in mortality.
They remember that the state has honored him as one of the 30 leaders for the Hill State Meghalaya Day in
BSF troops seized T.20,000/- counterfeit money from his body and said there was an intention to smuggle the counterfeit money within Meghalaya.
The Shnong after receiving the information by phone from her father, the Shnong is filled with great joy and pride because it is understood that she is the only one who has reached this level among the participants from outside. your state.
Shillong, March 18: Sweet Becunia Lyngdoh Tron, resident of Laimer Umlyngka, has expressed her gratitude to the people of the state for giving them the opportunity to take part in the MRs Tourism Pageant in Thailand.
In this regard, the Meghalaya Youth Survey was conducted in which more than 50,000 students of the state were able to participate by submitting their answers through this survey.
On this occasion, Mr. K.Skan Rani Vice.
The scrutiny will be held on the 11th July 2018 at the party office in Mawdiangum from 1 pm to 5 pm.
This wine festival is special for the people of this state as well as foreigners who come to see this festival because it is here that people find different kinds of wines that have been produced. The people of this state are the ones who are born.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma has promised to take action in consultation with other Chief Ministers of the region and to appear before the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi to demand He urged him to revive this agricultural development so that the talented youth of the area can improve in their careers.
The question is why the government is reluctant to call for talks with the civil society.
Marshall Marweiñ and his wife, Darisha Lyngdoh Mawphlang have two children, a 3 year old boy and a 2 year old girl. Martin.
“It is necessary that we build the right mindset and guide the youth in the right path so that they can become the force of building the country which we have never seen in history,” he said. added.
In 1966 he worked at Don Bosco in Guwahati, from 1969 to 1970 in Sohra, from 1970 to 1972 in Pynursla, 1972 in Cathedral 7 Parsih, From 1977 to 1980 at Christ King College from 1980 to 1983 he was appointed to the Silesian Training Center and from 1983 to his last days he was the Director of Don Bosco Youth. Center Shillong.
He said that the arrival of FW Momin, former Congress MLA who has also held ministerial posts in various positions, is an honor for the party and also a veteran MLA. The party has decided to introduce the “Kot Maiphang 2018” which should show what the NPP will do for the state when it comes to the NPP. strength.
The HNLC has sent a letter to the Union Home Ministry through AK Mishra that the HNLC has withdrawn from the peace talks on four reasons. and one of those was to pardon all complaints against party members.
Two persons were injured in a blast at Tebrongre village in West Garo Hills District on Tuesday night. Beston Sangma, 21, and Binitsan Marak, 41, were arrested.
He said that during the meeting with the Minister, Rakkham Sangma said that these books have adequate production and he also promised to the members of the HYC that in the next few days The Education Department will be able to provide these books to the students.
He said that the party will work with the party to demand from the government to implement these demands for the benefit of the farmers.
The surprising thing is that although the Seng has demanded an inquiry report to investigate and resolve the issues inside the CHC, no signs have been seen that it will succeed. The District Medical and Health Officer (DMHO) East Khasi Hills has visited the CHC. Sadly, after learning the facts, they feel that the government officials still have the soul of the child. They understand that the DMHO has forgotten to bring both the tarajur on that day and it is necessary to say that only one side has forgotten the other. How can the case be heard properly if there is no equal and complete investigation and it is sad when we hear that this government official has not listened to even the voice that came out that day.
As the smallest state in India, we have only three MPs, two in the Lok Sabha and one in the Rajya Sabha, which means that we have not been elected to Parliament.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Minister said that the government's wish is to bring the services of the government closer to the people. He urged the people to take advantage of this health centre.
Many of the rivers have become polluted due to quarrying and quarrying and the water is no longer suitable for use and drinking.
During the meeting, the Prime Minister said that he has the idea to convene a meeting of all political parties to discuss the issue and the Prime Minister will follow up on this from the CoMSO said that this is not the responsibility of the government alone but all the MLAs of political parties should take action. The MRSSA Amendment Bill, 2020 was also discussed in the meeting. The MRSSA Amendment Bill, 2020 was also discussed. They should register and in this regard the Governor has sought clarification and the government has answered his questions.
In the FIR lodged at Khliehriat PS, the union said that besides IPC Section, 420, 466, the police have charged the Nepali. Section 199 IPC and other provisions of the law relating to the crime or even the citizenship of the suspect should be investigated thoroughly. also in the Citizenship Act 1955, Rule
On the other hand, the Speaker of the House, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, said that the prohibition on speaking on this issue is in accordance with rule 59 of the Rules of Procedure which prohibits speaking on any issue. which matter is under investigation.
“The Government has looked into the provision of information to the citizens in a manner that they can understand and through platforms that they can use – such as TV news, the Radio, by Social Media lane by Online Digital Media.
More than 100 Rangbah Kur from South West Khasi Hills have attended the swearing-in ceremony of the office bearers of the branch by Bah RL Kharpran, Symbud Khliehduh. Erwin K Syiemsutnga, Aristotle Lyngdoh, Kynsai Syiem, Ialamlin Lyngdoh, Raphael Warjri and others.
Anyone who violates the rules will be punished under Section 188 IPC. It is prohibited to hold public meetings within 200 meters of the Secretariat and Raj Bahvan Shillong. who is the weapon of injury.
It also aims to develop existing MSME Units to further strengthen the benefits for the country which can lead to increased GDP (Gross Domestic Product) and export income. equipment to other countries.
He said that this action of the Government is only to fulfill the plan of Rahul Gandhi.
On the other hand, the MMECC has asked the Prime Minister why the government has not approved the mining lease even after they have applied for many months.
Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, Ministers Prestone Tynsong and James K Sangma said the Cabinet has decided to appoint Amit Kumar as the Advocate General of the state.
According to sources , the Nongtalang Village Council has decided to talk to the government authorities to ask for more clarification on this way. bridge that was not located in the area.
Shillong, July 30: U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh today addressed the Dorbar and informed the entire House on the exploitation of Khasi farmers by foreign traders in the market.
The result of the MDC bye election has encouraged the party to continue working hard and fighting for the principles on which the party stands.
Members of the Select Committee including the Dy CEM as Chairman, Leader of the Opposition Titosstarwell Chyne, Jambor War, Bindo Lanong, Lambor Malngiang and Balajied were also appointed as Chairman. Rani and the Secretary of the EC as Member Secretary.
Bah E.Warjri, Environmenta Secy, MPF, who spoke on the objectives of the MPF, explained the objectives of the MPF and the measures and methods. It aims to achieve those goals for the welfare of mankind, nature and all its creatures on land, in water and in the air.
The turnout has increased by 5 percent since the 2009 elections.
However, the government department in charge of agriculture is now facing a big challenge how to explain to the people that this synsar cultivation will destroy the fertility of the soil, but there are no others. There are also other ways to explain to the farmers to avoid synsar cultivation and to use the cultivation that this government department will teach.
The award includes a momento and a cash prize of Rs 1 lakh.
Jowai, March 23: The Khasi Jaintia National Union (KJNU) on Tuesday released its patriotic song 'Ri ba special' at Highwind Resort in Jan Thadlaskein Lake. MPUF Jaintia Circle President Dapoi Laloo, HYC Jaintia Circle President D. Lathong and Paila were also present. In short, members of this party and leaders of Jaintia.
One 18-year-old boy who is still under the care of his mother will be sent to a training centre, while two boys aged 14 and 15 years old will receive assistance from the government. they will still get to read their.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: U Bah Adelbert Nongrum MLA of North Shillong on Tuesday said that the traffic jam in Shillong, especially in Motphran, Umsohsum, Mawkhar and other places should be resolved by the government. to the people who live in Themmotor.
Police said that no incident occurred. The vehicle was an old vehicle. The owners of the vehicle tried to start the vehicle but it did not start. This time you have caught fire suddenly.
Alakesh Boruah has been awarded the NIFT Best Academic Performance Award for his fashion design.
The Deputy Commissioner said that anyone who has any symptoms such as fever, chills, difficulty in breathing, please inform immediately on the following phone numbers 6909904336 and
Shillong, Nailar 17: The KSU Mawlai Circle in collaboration with the members of the KSU Mawlai Mawiong Umjapung Unit today visited two families in Mawlai Mawlai Umjapung who have been affected by the floods. you are the earth.
The chief guest was Kong CD Lyngwa who is also the Director of Social Welfare. There was also a special training on drugs and their dangers from Bah Truman. Basaiawmoit, Psychologist of MIMHANS. Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Guest said that the prevalence of drug abuse is the reason why parents don't have responsibility for their children. khun, you know that the number of children who drop out of school is too high.
The UDP MDCs are Balajied Ranee and Ryngkatlang Lyndem.
In this meeting between the journalists from Meghalaya led by the PIB and a team of scientists from the research center led by Dr. DS Rao, they discussed the availability of minerals. Odisha is the largest producer of copper in the state.
Those who wish to support approved TB patients can visit the NIKSHAY web portal to register as Mitra, or can contact the nearest PHC/CHC or District Tuberculosis Officer for registration.
This is to have a close relationship with the farmers throughout the years to support the farmers and this has been achieved now after a long effort.
The candidates for the Shillong seat are incumbent Congress MP Vincent H Pala, Minister of State Ampareen Lyngdoh from the NPP, Robertjune Kharjahrin from the RDA, Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon from the VPP and two others. Independent candidates including Bah Daniel Kurbah and Prof. Lakhon Kma.
The meeting was held on Saturday at Madan Bitaw Village, Nongspung Hima, Mawphlang C&RD Block, East Khasi Hills District.
: Two persons have been arrested for allegedly raping a 17 or 18 year old girl in a village in Nongthliew area. In Eastern West Khasi Hills District, on Thursday, a village was bombed until it stopped.
“If a Bangladeshi is expelled, he has a place to go to Bangladesh, but if he is expelled, we the indigenous people will go.
On the other hand, the Chancellor informed the President of India that there are 40 private universities in the state but the surprising thing is that the Governor has sent an inquiry into only one university.
Regarding this letter, the HYC has questioned the Meghalaya government when Assam is ready to provide assistance on the death of this man, what has the Meghalaya government done? Roberjune Kharjahrin was appointed as the president of the party.
Sanbor urged the party leaders to bring any issues to the discussion forum so that they can be discussed within the MDA. and the head shall be divided.
Hospital Superintendent Dr.M.Mawrie, Hospital Superintendent Dr.M.Mawrie, said that the hospital will help the low income families. Additional Medical Superintendent Dr. J. Kharwanlang in the presence of employees Dr KJ Gangte and officials of ICICI Bank.
More than 408 million mothers have been able to support themselves thanks to the MUDRA Small Business Loan Project.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Shella has sent a complaint to the Assistant Executive Engineer of MeECL of Sohra Division regarding the frequent light outages in Shella and surrounding villages.
On the part of the Government, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, Deputy Chief Minister, Prof. RC Laloo, Home Minister, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, Minister of Health and Family Welfare. Roshan Warjri, Bluebell Sangma MLA, Chief Secretary, KS Kropha, Government officials and Chiefs of Army and Army were also present.
The Seng has also set up a Unit in Mawsynram and has recruited many youths from the country to become members of the Seng from different villages in New Shillong.
He said that the land tenure system in Khasi Hills is different from other parts of India. For this reason, the Meghalaya government in 1973 set up a committee to review the land tenure system. T Rymbai is the Chairman of the Land Reform Committee, DD Lapang is a member and others.
With this salary increase, the government has to spend more money by T.63.12 crore.
Another topic discussed today was the need to have its own District Medical Health Officer's office in the District. The DMHO office, the union has requested another doctor and an ambulance at the PHC in Wahkaji.
This action of the government is only a waste of Rs 25 crore sanctioned for the improvement of roads.
Shillong, March 11: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, today said that the government will pay all the expenses for the treatment of Vikash Nandawal who was burnt to death by unknown persons. I don't know about your shop in Motphran.
Shillong Lber 27: Three youths, Rajive Tangmang, 24, Vijay Jogi, 21, Shillong, have gone to Umsali River at 4.30 pm today. Suraj Kumar of Paltan Bazar, Shillong.
There are 594 cases in the state, 453 cases in East Khasi Hills, 142 cases in BSF, 245 cases in civilians and 66 cases in army.
KSU Umsning Circle President Samla Lester Nongbet and RBYF President Balakmen Nongbri led the search operation.
Answering questions, Lyngdoh said that Irin Lyngdoh MDC from Pariong constituency has returned to the Congress party and has been accepted by the party.
This is a great honor as a musician and as a singer and it is an honor to be selected to be one of the judges in such an international competition and this will also be an education and this helps a lot said Ibarisha Lyngdoh.
Ed) of the first batch (2013), more than 500 teachers from East and West Jaintia Hills who sat for the examination including SSA, Govt, Adhoc, Deficit and 4th teachers came to take part in the examination. The Letter Campaign to the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, which started on 30th July and will continue till 4th June, was organized by the Meghalaya SSA Schools Association (MSSASA) at 2nd of this month in Jowai.
On the other hand, the residents of Wahthapbru Village said that the residents of the square should not put the structures in the same place but should be able to remove them so that the SMB workers can clean in the morning.
Have you ever heard him speak in the synagogue?  It is better to come to the Ingdorbar and not say anything than to stay at home.
Pyniaid said the council has done its part in fighting against the issuance of trading licenses to foreigners and also to companies from outside the state.
“I myself have already been vaccinated and as of now nearly 100,500 people in the state have been vaccinated and so far there has been no complaint and no risk. “This Tika helps to prevent,” said the Chief Minister.
According to the Direct Benefit Transfer Mission, government departments have received T.57,029 crore till 31.3.2017 due to this DBT from various schemes of the government. Government, such as the Food Distribution Department of the Government, MGNREGS, National Social Assistance Program (NSAP) and others, have been able to do this because those snaiap have been removed. .
The lack of revenue collection has decreased significantly due to various reasons that we are facing from the mining rules and those who are most affected now are the Councils, this is the problem they are facing now,” he said. and the media.
Regarding the Draft Village Administration Bill 2012, Bah John Kharshiing said that it is necessary for the KHADC to take the opinions of all parties. It takes longer to pass a law but it should be inclusive and should enhance the customs and traditions of a particular nation.
Also present on the occasion were the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, other officials from DONER, Power Generation Department, Aviation Department, Information Department, MNRE, The World Bank, IIM Shillong and many officials from companies in the region.
The many types of plastics that we use only once, especially and spread on the streets, rivers and streams, endanger our lives, enter our food through plants, pollute or cause pollution of water in rivers and affect the number of fish, causing climate change and global warming due to increased air pollution.
Such an incident happened last year, when the party had to stand up and demand the removal and expulsion of a foreigner who claimed to be a citizen.
After launching the census, the Chief Minister said that the government now has to find out why the people of the state are low in agriculture. With this census, the government can now prepare for development projects where there is a need to allocate more assistance and where to reduce it.
Shemphang encouraged the students to continue to work hard in their studies so that they can stand on their own feet when the time comes.
It may be recalled that these two villages have been declared as Containment Zones on 11th June, 2021 as part of the prevention of the spread of COVID-19 due to the presence of COVID-19 patients and High Risk Contact in these villages.
There should be a shortage of staff in the shops, the staff should wear masks and there should be sanitizer inside the shops, the shopkeepers should not allow people to gather inside their shops at all.
“You are the 'AmritRakshaks' of this 'Amrit Kaal'," said the Prime Minister.
Shillong, Iaiong 25: The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, MS Rao today announced that shops will remain open in accordance with the directive of the Ministry of Home Affairs issued on the 23rd and Meghalaya except East Khasi Hills District from the 27th of this month.
On the other hand, the EE said that the increase in bill light has many reasons, one is because the office revises or increases the price of bills every year from domestic to commercial. and that high voltage tension.
Tura, July 31: A fire broke out inside the Rongjeng Market in East Garo Hills District this morning. Several shops were destroyed in the Rongjeng Market. it's more than a billion dollars.
At present, the Central Government has not set any time limit for the States to appoint the Village Commission in the States to do so, said Dr. Najma A. Heptulla, Minister of State for Home Affairs. The Lok Sabha today held a meeting to discuss the issue of low paid in the country.
The start time of the match will be at 5 pm and tickets will be available from tomorrow.
Because of the location in Ranikor constituency, the runners have been used as speakers because some places have to walk for three and a half hours, some places have to walk for two and a half hours. car.
“As a leader, I am filled with anxiety because what is this that we, we don’t understand anymore.
On the other hand, the party has now decided to win many constituencies in the state.
Other states of North East, Arunachal Pradesh, Mizoram, Nagaland, Manipur and Sikkim have not received any share, while Assam has received Rs 1284 crore and Tripura has received Rs 293 crore.
Referring to the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, Robert demanded that there should be a letter from the CBI regarding his citizenship.
In this announcement issued today, it is by going beyond what was issued on 13/03/2020, on the part of the Governor through this announcement issued today. He convened a special session of the KHADC under Rule 36(5) of the Constitution of Assam and Meghalaya Rule
In a meeting with these district government officials in charge of this matter, the union expressed its gratitude to both of them for their promptness to take action and also to do what is necessary in this regard. mat not brought by the organization.
Shillong, Naitung 25: The Union Minister of State for Home Affairs, Amit Shah, on the second day of his visit to Meghalaya, launched the Green Sohra Afforestation Campaign in Sohra today.
“Sarma promised that the two State Governments will do their utmost to resolve the issues and disputes on the border to bring together the people of Assam and Meghalaya.
During the meeting, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare assured the MDC of Mawhati that the government will take action to provide for these needs of the people in the area.
Shillong, Iaiong 07: To prepare for the G-20 summit to be held on the 18th of this month in Shillong, 20 countries of the world are expected to attend. only about 100 foreigners were present.
Shillong, Nailar 8: The Minister of Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri, at the ceremony to honor the students of St. Edmund's College, Shillong, on Tuesday said that what is needed at this time is to get the young people who have trained themselves in various fields.
Regarding this increase, they will inform their MLA and MDC to talk to the government regarding this sudden increase in bill light. should be T.750/- per month.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Rangbah Shnong of Umsning, Bah Albert Shylla, said that the trade fair was organized by the Unity Social Organization from Guwahati in collaboration with the Umsning Youth Association. Up to 30 shops from all over the country have participated.
“This law is for those who have no responsibility for our nation and we are legalizing what we used to do and follow in life", he said. You and you can choose anyone and those who marry non-Khasis will lose their identity as Khasi,” said Bah HS Shylla.
Dr Achan Mungleng, who initiated the EBO scholarship program for Myanmar students, was also present along with other members of MLCU. (SP News).
In his speech, Raghunandan Sharma, Honorary Advisor of BPST, said that the task of MLAs is heavy because they have to fulfill their promises during the elections and at the same time they have to fulfill their promises. have a close relationship with the people to understand their problems and how to take the problems of the people to the government.
Shillong, Iaiong 07: One of the students was injured in a clash inside the NIT Hostel in Lapang today.
Shillong, March 06: The Border Security Force (BSF) under BOP Shella has seized smuggled firearms from India to Bangladesh on a tip-off. .
Shillong, June 24: The Union of Women's Organizations of Shillong Archdiocese Zone V, which includes four parishes of Laitkor, Jongksha, Mawkynrew and Mawryngkneng, held a meeting at Divine Mercy Parish Mawryngkneng yesterday. 22nd and 23rd of this month.
The Minister distributed certificates to nine beneficiaries of the Pradhan Mantri Awas YojanaGramin.
Shillong, Naitung 09: The Governor of Meghalaya, Ganga Prasad, has sent his condolences on the passing away of former Governor MM Jacob, who was also Deputy Chairman of the Rajya Sabha. His passing away is a great loss to the state and the country as a whole.
The victory of the NPP candidate Conrad K Sangma in the mid-term MP election from
Nongpoh, June 02: Leaders of the KSU, North Khasi Hills District and HNYF from 20 MerCircle today arrested a robber from his residence and handed him over to the police for punishment. Leaders of these organizations led by Samla Paul Wahlang, publicity of KSU, NKHD and Jayan Sylliang, Assistant Secretary Samla Shining Lyngdoh, President HNYF 20 mer Circletang on receipt of a complaint on the robbery of the robber. this is the work you have done.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Home Affairs, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said that the Government is ready to meet with the leading leaders of the HNLC at the place of their choice to carry out the HNLC. communication and ensure that the communication bears fruit.
He said that the NECTER office as it is now should be in Shillong, and 75% of the jobs have been transferred to Shillong and 25% remain in Delhi. agriculture, food production, livestock farming and flood control.
On receiving information about the plight of the farmers, the Assam Riffle through the village leaders of the Tuensang Battalion has helped by purchasing soh and jhur to help the farmers of the area. .
Michael Lawai Lyngdoh as President, Shiningstar Kharbihkhiew as Vice President, Samla Kheinkor Kharngi as General Secretary, Yeoman Mynsong as Assistant General Secretary, Iahbok as Assistant General Secretary. Warkhyllew as Organizing Secretary, Apsharai Mawthoh as Finance Secretary, Elas Mynsong as Education Secretary, Syrpai Dkhar as Office Secretary and 10 Executive Members.
On this occasion, the President of the JSM-WJHD Circle, Samla Deogratias, confirmed the leadership of the JSM-WJHD Circle.
Israeli Ambassador to India Dr Ron Malka said that Israel has so far set up 29 agricultural training centers in India and they are now pleased to take part in the Meghalaya and what they will do is how to manage the water because this state has that part that can do many things.
The State President also promised that the party will give its full support to the ST Morcha.
The Seng once again urges the public and paradoh parasnam not to panic but to be disciplined, to take care of themselves and to obey the directions of the health department. so that we can fight against this disease.
The union expects that this will be the last time such incidents but it will put the Dorbar Shnongs in a serious difficulty in their relationship with the government in the future if such incidents continue.
Shillong, Nailar 30: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 134 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills. to 2509 people.
Bordup scored three goals against KariGora.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, in his speech at the Rymbai Dorbar Shnong, East Jaintia Hills District, on Tuesday acknowledged that there is no of college government.
New Delhi, November 24: The President of India, Droupadi Murmu today sent her Christmas greetings to all the people of India, especially the Christians during this Christmas season.
Shillong, Nailar 01: Members of HANM today protested against the decision of the NGT to ban the mining of coal in Meghalaya.
Over the past 10 months, everyone involved in the project has gained understandings that depend on monitoring the development and survival of cheetahs and also their protection.
He said the Government will look for ways and means to increase the salaries of Upper Primary teachers once it has received the recommendation of the State Education Commission appointed by the Government.
The meeting was also attended by the Minister in charge of Sports.
We congratulate the Jal Jeevan Mission Meghalaya team as we strive to achieve the goal of 100% FHTCs in our state,” said Sangma.
At the ceremony, the Minister congratulated Dolyne Kharbhih, who became the third person from Meghalaya to climb Lum Mangkashang. said to achieve this achievement to climb this highest mountain in the world climbers have to prepare themselves physically and mentally.
On the other hand, Darly said that he will win the election and if he wins he will work for the promotion of Garo Hills in many areas in India. health, education and tourism.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said that he would like to extend his special greetings to the people of the state and this is the third time that he has come to take part in the celebration. this is the feast of Bethel.
This 4 digit security code will be printed on the appointment certificate and the prescriber will not know this.
The results of the examination will be released on 22nd November and the training will start on 30th November
During her visit, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare talked to the people who went to get medicine from this clinic and also talked to the doctors and those who received this treatment.
The program was conducted by the Sardar Shnong of Mawkdok. The welcome speech was delivered by the District Social Welfare Officer, EKH, Shillong. DM&HO in relation to the health of the elderly.
Dr. Mandaviya urged the Health Ministers of the states to convey the challenges they face to achieve this goal and asked them to facilitate the use of funds.
This violation of his rights came when the Speaker of the House ordered him to petition and according to the rules of procedure of the House, there is no such petition in any part except rule 113 which speaks of the petition. He said that his introduction of the Private Members Bill is not a request.
In the last few years, the state has faced these problems and the government has taken measures to combat these insurgency.
The total cost of payment of land rent is T.681.63 crore and it is expected that the central government will send this money within the current fiscal year and once received this money will be paid to them. three lands.
All these speakers expressed their strong condemnation of this incident and at the same time demanded that the government should investigate thoroughly the perpetrators and arrest them and punish them accordingly. the law.
And in the midst of the struggle not only the leaders or celebrities have sacrificed their lives for the sake of the country but the people have also sacrificed themselves for the sake of the country and we should remember to honor them as well.
On the same day, awards were also distributed to the winners, MRB, Tura branch won the fastest growing award, MRB, Jaiaw won the fastest growing branch. Riangdo branch and others.
Regarding the collection of taxes from the place of payment, the Chief Commissioner of the Revenue Department said that those who are entitled to Regarding the land in Shillong, the Normal Area, if they are citizens, they don't have to fill out a form to exempt themselves from the TDS. pay this tax that takes from their income.
Heroin worth T.40 lakh, T.1.26 lakh cash, three bikes and six phones were seized from the suspects. from these people.
Mawphlang, Lber 18: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has approved the establishment of a special place to preserve the identity of the Khasi Hills. On this basis, a Khasi Heritage Village has been established near the Holy Law in Mawphlang.
He said the government has sent the dispute between the companies to the Law Department.
Speaking to media, he said that this decision of the Central Government will help the citizens of India to get the assistance of the Central Government. The past few years have caused problems for the ration consumers.
Three deaths have been reported from East Khasi Hills, two from West Jaintia Hills and one from West Jaintia Hills. The death toll in the state has risen to
Regarding these bill light machines, it was said that they have been improved in such a way that they will not accept if anyone wants to deposit counterfeit money and also if the money is too much.
When inquired from the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills, he said via SMS that he has sent an inquiry to the Sector Officer for a detailed report.
Replying to a question in the Legislative Assembly, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that the Tlang Festival which the government organizes is to showcase to the world how The minorities have their own culture and such a celebration is to bring unity among the people.
Speaking to reporters, Bah RL Blah said that this is only the beginning, in this discussion on the part of the Dorbar Shnongs to implement this they need to have people to work as Data operators who work all day long do not have to pay.
The Deputy Commissioner has issued an order to implement the Odd/Even number of commercial vehicles in Shillong from the 5th of this month. month of July.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister said that there is a shortage of contractors to take part in the government works in the state, there are many contractors but they cannot do the works according to the rules. The reason why he always tells the contractors that they have to adapt themselves to the modern era.
Funds will be provided for the residence for the care and protection of these children.
PC but turned to the Secretariat.
Speaking to media, Bah Tynsong said the HPC has expressed its concern on some issues and asked for time to consult with the people living in Them Iewmawlong.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the Chief Minister, Bah EJ Nongpluh, President of the RBSU, said that during the meeting, the Chief Minister told the leaders of the RBSU that the government It will not be able to set up a Government College but will set up a Community College in Ri Bhoi District.
After the meeting, it was decided that if you want to go to the Mawjymbuin Crematorium to hold any ritual, you have to get permission from the Mawsynram Bar Shnong. He also said that this meeting will be convened again between the SKHM, the Dorbar Shnong and the Syiem of the Hima.
Shillong, November 18: For the first time today, Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MIDC, Chairman, Spokesperson, , Federation of Khasi States, visited the office of the Dolloi in JHADC. At this meeting, Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Dolloi of JHADC, explained the work done so far. These days and on the decisions taken in the Dorbar held in Shillong recently, which has been explained in detail, in which the Dolloi have expressed their support on the decisions of the Dorbar Hynniewtrep as a whole. you have decided.
Madonbai Rymbai was defeated by Lakhon Dkhar IND by 654 votes.
To better monitor those under home quarantine, the government has launched an app developed by Bethany Hospital for those who visited the hospital in Shillong on 24th October and Nongpoh on 30th October. Please download this #corontineApp from @iitbombay.
The injured include Usan Bhandari (48), Indra Rai, Biles Kharhujon, Renu R. Marak and Priya Saha.
He said that Meghalaya will change.
In the men's basketball category, Mawlai won against Mawprem, Mawlai won against Wahlang; Mawnai won the Football Tournament against Urur Rangshken. Freddy Fender Warjri of Manai won the Best Goalkeeper, Balajied Warjri of Manai Warjri won the Top Scorer and Shimbor Warjri won the Best Goalkeeper. Urur Rangshken, Best player won Balajied Warjri and Promising Football player won Micky Berth Warjri.
KHNAM also demanded that the government should order the mobile companies to include the Khasi language in the Interactive Voice Response (IVR) if in other states it can be done why in this state it cannot be done. For example in Assam it has been done in Hindi, English and Assamese and also in other states.
He called them 'Amrit Rakshaks' because they would not only serve the country but also protect the country and its people.
Thus, in 2005, he was sent to the Central Institute of Hindi (Agra) to prepare the Hindi-Khasi Contrastive Grammar.
Therefore, in this Dorbar, as a sign of respect for these deceased members, a 2 minute silence was held.
Now the Meghalaya Police have shot dead him. Does the Meghalaya Government want to talk peace?
During this season, Christians around the world celebrate the suffering of Christ and reflect on the teachings and suffering of Christ for mankind.
They also discussed the construction of a multi-part connectivity to the Multimodal Logistics Park at Jogighopa (Assam) and (ii) the construction of a four-lane bridge over the Brahmaputra River between Dhubri (Assam) and Phulbari (Meghalaya). to reduce travel time and manage logistical processes more efficiently.
Shillong, July 14: It is sad and surprising that after the HITO has submitted a petition on 26th November 2021, to Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of Sports and Sports, He is also the patient of MSOA but until today even after 56 days we have not received a reply or the opportunity to meet him even after we have asked for time to meet him four times.
He said that the police have been strictly monitoring the drug trafficking in Jowai city as it is a small area but the drug trafficking is widespread.
On 18.6.1841, Thomas Jones, Missionary of the Welsh Calvinistic Methodist Foreign Mission Society, arrived in Sohra and corrected the spelling of Cossayah into Khasi and Jynteah into Jaintia. it also adopted the Cherra dialect as the basis of Khasi literature.
Shillong, Iaiong 13: The Cabinet today met to discuss the decision of the High Court of Meghalaya on the appointment of jobs according to the appointment system which the state has followed for 50 years. said the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma.
A similar threat happened on July 6, 2024 when unidentified robbers sent an email threatening to blow up a bomb inside the court premises.
In a petition sent to the Chief Secretary, the Forum has informed about the incidents in which the Karbis have set fire to houses and after that they have recorded videos and spread the videos by blaming the victims. He said that there has been a meeting between the Deputy Commissioners and Superintendents of Police of West Karbi Anglong and West Jaintia Hills District but this meeting has not been successful. never solved the problems.
The entry fee for each Teak is 2000/- (Two thousand tyngka) and the prize is 40,000/- (Twenty thousand tyngka) for the winner and 20,000/- (twenty thousand tyngka) for the runner up team. two.
These pharmacies are called by tender for the lowest price.
Regarding the patient at NEIGRIHMS, he is only suffering from fever and chills, it is not the disease as alleged, the investigation is that this person used to come and go to Delhi, as it is the checkpoints. There are only five in India and for the North East there is only one in Kolkata.
The State Government has appointed a Ministerial Committee headed by the Minister of Forestry, Bah Prestone Tynsong to consult with the people of the State to seek their views on the bill. it has already been prepared.
It was after the shooting that the ethnic minorities fled amidst the police harassment.
Referring to the previous tournaments held in Jirang Block and Umling Block on the 9th and 12th in Jirang, the winner of the men's category was Ridor Sohkhwai of Umkynsir. and Umling Block to Bansienglang Marngar, in Jirang the second went to Romius Pariong, St Peter's School, Umling to Shanbok Kongor, Pahampdem, Jirang to Request Thangkhiewm Wahsynon and Umling to St Paul's School.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: The incumbent Congress MLA from Pynthorumkhrah, Bah AL Hek, who is also the former Minister of Health and Family Welfare, today lodged an FIR against the Superintendent of Police. of East Khasi Hills District, that there has been no allegation that there has been any distribution of money to people in his name.
The union urged the Government to ensure that the arrangement for this quota for Doctoral Studies should be transparent, transparent, fair, impartial and should not hide the facts. but it shall be hot, and shall be hot, and shall not be ashamed of all.
According to sources, the contest in Garo Hills will be between the NPP led by Punro and the Congress led by Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma.
We also invite all the members of the Bri u Hynniewtrep to join us.
When asked who gave permission to build a new building in Them Iew Mawlong, Bless said, “It is clear from the information that the new building has been suspended by MUDA. new building.
Shillong, July 18: The Elaka Department of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today summoned the Syiem of Nongspung Hima, Pa'im Patrick Syiemiong, on charges of taking money from contractors. They built the road in Balakhawa.
The fire brigade has worked hard to extinguish the fire so that the fire will not spread to other houses nearby. There was a lot of fire inside the house and there were many shops.
The government's concealment of the names on the grounds of avoiding stigmatization is unfounded because it has been witnessed that as soon as the villagers declare positive, the neighboring villages have already known and those who can be stigmatized are. These are the reasons why you don't have to stigmatize if you don't know.
The KSU has spoken to the commissioner and he said that the commissioner has said that on Tuesday she will not be working anymore.
The Seng understands the concern but that will not be a reason to exclude or ban the vendors, the law does not allow to do so.
Today, 354 people have recovered from the disease, bringing the total number of recoveries to 18,4
After the repair, the vehicle was driven again but when it reached the corner at Khoh-yiar lat Mawkhap on the NH-40, the vehicle lost its gear and fell to the right.
The Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbiu and Major General Chauhan ADG, NCC were present at the distribution of the awards at the end of the training.
The National People's Party (NPP) has decided to nominate State President Dr WR Kharlukhi as the MP candidate for the MP elections in the state. Assembly.
In fact, there is no need to hold elections in the past.
Furthermore, if anyone who is quarantined at home has fever, cough or shortness of breath, please inform immediately by phone at 94853-95373, 82579-46145, -08817 lane  89740-37257.
“If the government takes any decision, it will take it after they have decided to improve the health of the people,” he said. It is clear that to protect the environment, we cannot protect the owners of the state.
EMRI employees together with civil society organizations today left for the Secretariat to meet with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James K Sangma at 4.00 pm to discuss the issues faced by the EMRI employees. in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The UHM has written to the Deputy Commissioners of seven districts, East Khasi Hills, Ri Bhoi, West Jaintia Hills and West Jaintia Hills districts to urge them to They will talk to the authorities to help the poor families during this time of lockdown due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: The CoMSO today sent a letter to the office of the Chief Minister and all the Cabinet Ministers of the state regarding the amendment of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution.
Shillong, November 05: U Bah Pyndapbor Saibun, President of KHNAM, today wrote a letter to Bah Adelbert Nongrum to ask when the Central Executive Committee of KHNAM was dissolved under his leadership.
Referring to the Khasi Heritage Village at Mawphalng, he said that the site was led by the old EC and we want to improve it.
This raises the question whether the Meghalaya government should promote the Khasi Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War, Maram, Lyngngam and Garo or give opportunities to promote others. four non-native nations.
To inform the government regarding their demand, they will start a strong protest from the first day and the government should not blame them.
Shillong, July 22: The Minister in charge of Social Welfare, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, on Tuesday said that it is true that the people of Sammasi, Kesh and other village leaders of the area have met him at the which is related to their desire to pave the road from Sammasi to Muknor.
According to Article 93 of the Constitution of Assam and Meghalaya Autonomous District Councils, 1951, if the Governor of the State sends Bills back to the District Council, Article 92 (III) The Governor of the State, when he sends it, must also mention the reasons.
Furthermore, Bah Sangpliang said that in Shillong District Jail, younger people have been detained together with those who have been convicted and this may be a fear that they may be misled. The Minister thanked the Mawsynram MLA for his suggestion and will look into this matter.
The death toll has risen to 1,000 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from West Khasi Hills, 1 from West Khasi Hills, bringing the total number of deaths to .
Police are conducting investigation.
The most exciting events on the third day on Thursday include the traditional games of the state at 1 pm, Miss Cherry Blossom at 5 pm, Plus Size Queen and Mrs. Shillong at 6.30 pm.
New Delhi, Nailar 22: The Ministry of Development of North Eastern Region (MDoNER) and UNDP, in the presence of the Minister of State for Child Development, BL Vermabad, UN Assistant Secretary-General and Director of the United Nations Development Program ( UNDP) Bureau of External Relations and Advocacy (BERA).
“The residents have said that thousands of households have been left out of the list of names given to the blocks by the Secretaries of the VECs (Gram Panchayats).
Out of the 31 lakh residents in Meghalaya, 2 lakh have been tested positive for the virus and most of them have received treatment. .
Meghalaya has been severely affected by the Assam Act regarding the transportation of cows where cow farmers have faced difficulties in importing cows from Assam to Meghalaya.
Dkhar said that these challans have been arrested and they have lodged a complaint at the police station but the police station has ordered them not to lodge a complaint. poh the DMR so that the DMR can do what it needs to do.
The Dorbar Shnong Laitkor has promised to take strict action and investigate until the shopkeepers are found. the truth is that this claim is not true and just.
The 5 km road from Shipapara to Rajapara has to be reconstructed.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: Agnes Kharshiing and a friend of Amita Sangma have been tied up by unidentified robbers today.
Rajnath Singh said India will soon reach $5 trillion in revenue in the next few years and having central government security forces is very important. The army has helped India in its development.
Therefore, the union urges the state government not to take this stingy, even if they have already tested them from the place where they came but should also test them before they enter Meghalaya. same.
Once again, the KJNU leader invites all to give their full support to the Khasi alphabet and then we will bring together the Pnar and other alphabets to be included in the Eight Schedule. Pnar, our brother, concluded the statement.
Shillong, Nailur 14: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today inaugurated the new building of the Jaintia Party (Sein Jaintia) at Tirot Singh Road, Qualapatty in the presence of MP from Shillong. Mr. Vincent H Turmeric.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: Union Minister of State for Ports, Shipping and Waterways (MoPSW) and Ayush, Sarbananda Sonowal today attended the signing of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between MoPSW and India. India's first Gati Shakti Research Chair was inaugurated here today.
Thus, all these things are done in a way that does not understand the special skills.
NEHUTA, a union of NEHU teachers, on Tuesday demanded that the Vice Chancellor of NEHU should appoint an inquiry into the alleged rape of Nantu Das. One of the referees is currently in the custody of the Police.
During the inspection, the Committee found that many of the factories have not received proper documents and have agreed to cooperate. The order to close down 15 Coke factories was issued on the 8th of July 2020 under the provisions of the Act.
He recalled that in 2015, the state government had requested the central government to amend the Mines & Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act, 1957 as this Act affects many areas of the country. It is on this basis that the House has decided to demand that the Central Government should implement Para 12A(b) of the Sixth Schedule in this regard. and the provisions of the MMDR Act, 1957, as amended, this issue will be discussed with the Central Government within the Ministry of Mineral Resources as there are many mineral resources in this Act.
Shillong, July 15: He said that the BJP in Meghalaya will also move forward because the people have now understood what has happened in the past 10 years. and the silence and negligence of the NIOS authorities to adjust the results of 4385 teachers who sat for the examinations to qualify in the field of teaching, the Diploma in Elementary Education (D.El.
Regarding the police sent by the central government, they have been deployed in Sohra and most of them have been deployed in Shillong and there are two more companies that have not yet arrived in Shillong.
On this occasion, the MDC of the area who is also the CEM of KHADC and the MLA of the area Bah Gavin Mylliemngap met with the Chief Minister's Secretary to improve the road in the area. because of this disease it could not be started.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The three ethnic parties in the KHADC, the HSPDP, UDP and KHNAM today met and decided to work together within the KHADC. The meeting also elected Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit as the new CEM of the KHADC. The UDP also elected the Deputy CEM of the KHADC. , and Mr. Teinwell Dkhar.
Tickets will be sold at designated outlets and at Aircle recharge voucher outlets.
It is common for all universities without a Chancellor to award degrees to students.
Shillong, Naitung 31: Hundreds of people today attended the funeral of former Home Minister Robert G Lyngdoh at Mawbah.
It was also decided to elect the office bearers of Rikhain Nonglynkien with Bah Dominic Shangpliang as Chairman and Bah Kwosterly Sangriang as Secretary, along with many other office bearers and members of the Executive Committee.
A total of 116 police officers have completed this special training.
He said that the party will not allow the government to deceive the farmers by words, but by deeds.
He came from a poor family and faced many hardships in his life.
This was announced by Commander Shangpliang, Publicity Secretary 10 Kur Rikhain Nonglynkien.
He announced that these are only the old roads used by the NDA government which the BJP government has not yet implemented in the state.
Shillong, Naitung 05: UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy on Tuesday said that the party will sit down to decide whom it will support in the upcoming presidential election in India.
When accurate information was sought, it was found that not a single one of the three Autonomous Districts had taken a decision in the Council in session to adopt the Act 1973 in their Autonomous Districts.
In his speech, Bah Hel said that Meghalaya has reached the third phase in the implementation of MHIS since its inception in
The Chief Executive Member of KHADC has written to the Chief Minister but the government has not yet responded.
Speaking to media, Sirsa said that Sikhs are happy in Shillong and it is not as spread on social media or in the country's media.
"Furthermore, he said that the project will not suffer from any financial shortage.
The arrested are Alok Biswa, 28, Akash, and a 17-year-old boy.
On the other hand, the General Secretary of the Seng, in his speech, said that although the donations of the Seng are small.
These Containment Zones shall be announced on the websites of various District Collectors and States/UTs and shall be notified to the MOHFW. and UT shall not implement any dam closure in the State, District, Sub-Division, City, Village, outside the containment zone, without consultation with the Central Government.
:Account Name :IFSC Code :SWIFT Code :Bank &Branch Name :UPI ID The fund is exempt from Income Tax in accordance with Section 80(G).
When asked whether they have sought permission from the MCs to attend the protest, Mayborn Lyngdoh did not answer but said it is between them and the MCs that there are parts that should not be made public. Shillong, Naitung 01: U Bah Michel Syiem together with members of the Maitshaphrang Movement today met with the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh. he will talk to the Central Government to include Phan Nonglait as a freedom fighter of India.
Shillong, June 03: The District Election Officer of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong has announced that from the 9th to the 11th of this month, the MP polling day will be a drug-free day.
The HYC has alleged that even the police and traders in the state have been smuggling in foreigners.
Concluding his speech, Prime Minister Duh said that the people of the country have faith in scientists and when the people bless them, India will become a world leader in science. and technology.
The State Government has appointed the Department of Agriculture as the Government Department to provide information to the farmers regarding the planting of trees.
It may be recalled that the union has met with the Union Minister to discuss this issue and has requested for a land at NEHU and the Union Minister has promised to you will see what you have done.
These types of fruitful dialogue are vital for the strengthening and integration of businesses, income generation and prosperity.
He has close feelings for people who find it difficult because of his life experiences and said the Government values ​​them most and has steps in place to ensure they have access to services where they live .
On the other hand, the principal informed the union that the school has a contract with HB Textiles School Uniform Embroidery Dealership for the purpose of providing school uniforms for the students. H.B.Textiles has received information that there is a misprint on the sweaters.
Shillong, November 12: The BJP has entered the Mawlai Constituency under the leadership of Bah Bankordor Massar as President Mandal.
Speaking to reporters, the Opposition Leader said that during his tenure as Chief Minister, the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District was appointed for seven years. border dispute with Assam.
All these incidents show the violence of the Pro VC and his team against the young leaders of NEHUSU and show that this person has no responsibility for the welfare of the students or the development of NEHU. but he is in this school only for his own benefit or for that of anyone else.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr Laloo said, “This is the day when we remember the heroes of the country who sacrificed themselves for the sake of to be delivered out of the hand of the strangers.
Shillong Lajong opened the scoring in the 30th minute through Daniel Gonçalves with the assistance of thousands of fans. Hardy Cliff Township.
Other schools that came were just visitors to watch the sit.
The Board will also take steps to protect and utilize the opportunities that shynrai provides for the people of the world.
He urged all the party workers to look for the right candidate for the right seat so that the party can come to victory.
The market vendors who have gone to buy their goods especially on Saturday have gone to pay for their goods without any problems. This is the second day that the curfew has been lifted from 7 pm to 4 pm in the areas under Lumdiengjri Police Station.
However, although there was no intention to disrupt the march, these youths were accompanied by the police to avoid any incident and were evacuated from the place where they intended to go.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: Speaking on the occasion of the National Press Day, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the people have the right to know what the government is doing for them. and the media are the main sources of information for the public.
We are proud that she is a woman to contest the election and we are proud that she is brave enough to take this responsibility to go to the villages to ask for the support of the villagers,” she said.
The Minister also presented the Certificate of Appreciation and Water and Sanitation Award to Kama, Galwanggre and Babadam and the Top Performing PHC Award to Darengre PHC. Implementation of MHIS and AB-PMJAY in the district.
These PRIME Hubs also serve as opportunities to market the products produced by entrepreneurs not only in the state but also abroad.
Shillong, July 04: The Meghalaya government has written to the central government to request seven more companies of troops from the central government to fight against insurgency in Garo Hills. presence of rebel groups in the area.
Thousands of people attended the meeting to listen to the explanation by the President of the VPP party, Bah Arden M Basaiawmoit. He said that this meeting in Mawlai will be the beginning of the party's fight against the demands on the Roster System.
This rapid population growth poses various challenges to us and the future.
On the day the CCIB held a public meeting in Dawki to explain their position on the issue of ksainar shiah, a child was beaten by the BSF just because he went to get They didn't go to Umngot, Dawki.
According to sources close to the HSPDP, the party leaders want the post of president of the party to go back to the party leaders from West Khasi Hills District.
The problem they face is that they have not had the opportunity to train themselves in jobs that they can do. They want the government to build a special hostel for them.
Bah Shangpliang said that he is very pleased that such a Food Festival has been held because it will go to those people who need assistance because those who are treated at this place are those who have been treated badly. in the imlang stay together.
Today, India's fisheries industry has improved India's position in shrimp production and exports.
Although this issue has stirred up the state especially in the Khasi Hills which has also led to protests by the civil society.
These plastics have caused damage to the environment.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: U Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the Citizenship Amendment Bill is not the party's idea but the Congress party's. Jawaharlal Nehru's letter to the Chief Minister of Assam Gopinath Bordoloi in
The excessive wisdom of this age has led to the wrong not only in the way of thinking but also in the way of morality.
Shillong, March 30: The BSF troops on Saturday held an Azadi ka Amrit celebration across the state at Dangar Dombah village at Upper Primary School.
Shillong Lajong Football Club Page has become one of the biggest teams in India and North East, behind Kolkata, Kingfisher, East Bengal and at Muhan Began.
The U.S. market currently includes a wide variety of vapes with fruit and sweet flavors that are illegal but available in stores, gas stations, and vape shops .
He said that during the meeting with the Director, he was told that Umsohlait Sub Station, according to the rules and regulations, has only one employee in the sub station. Sonidan has only one.
Regarding the allegation that there is illegal transportation of coal, the Prime Minister said that the coal transported now is according to the documents to allege that every truck carrying coal is illegal. false accusation.
The Central Government's decision to take this step at this juncture is to curb the increase in the price of piat in the domestic markets across India.
“We have a strong foundation in the party since its inception and we look forward to achieving the aspirations of many churches in Hynniewtrep to become a strong nation without the influence of others. Pat”, said Bah Aibanlumlang Marbaniang who also urged the supporters of the PDF to have a strong determination to work for the fruits of victory.
The total amount of money received from the victims was T.53,9
Kanwar Sultan Singh was elected unopposed as Secretary General of the National Rifle Association of India (NRI), while Randeep Mann was elected unopposed as Treasurer.
At present, all writers spell the characters according to their own preferences.
Many criminal cases have been registered against the leaders of this party under various sections of Unlawful Activities. New Delhi, November 31: The Union Government today received the approval of the President of India under Article 280(1) of the Constitution of India. India has established the Sixteenth Finance Commission with Dr Arvind Panagariya as its Chairman.
Referring to the appointment of the Minister, he said that as the UDP party which is one of the parties with the most MLAs in the MDA government, they have not said anything and the UDP will not be the same. minister now.
The task of the Ministry of Arts and Culture is to preserve the customs and traditions. He said that to do this, it is up to the people to produce films related to the customs and traditions. He said that on behalf of the assistance in the production of such films.
To celebrate the Independence Day of the country, thousands of people from all over the country have gathered at the Polo Ground.
The three arrested persons have been charged under the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act.
The sound of this powerful blast was heard not only in the villages near Motphran and even in the residents as far as Golflink.
The Chairman opened the meeting and held a 10-minute silence.
It was reported in the House that there are 278 builders under the MCCL and the government has paid half the salary of the workers who have closed down the factory in
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: A few days after the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) visited Meghalaya to raid foreign shops in Majai area, 44 foreign traders have been arrested. The High Court on the 17th of this month, has sent a letter to the KHADC. The KHADC on the 5th of this month has visited Majai and Ichamati to raid the bar shops. states that do not have the necessary documents in these areas.
To preserve these, a special area of ​​three acres of land has been built.
“As one of those who witnessed this great day, I am filled with joy for the achievements of our country.
Swimming pools used for training of athletes are allowed to be opened and the SOP on this will be issued by the Ministry of Youth Affairs & Sports (MoYA&S).
The Chief Minister said that illegal coal mining is still going on in those areas of East Jaintia Hills and this is wrong.
The victory of the NPP in this election will show that in 2018 the BJP will come to power.
However, Conrad's claim that the documents are complete and no order has been received from the department is regrettable because even the Prime Minister does not know.
This was witnessed by the MI of DHS who reported on the hard work of the Dorbar Shnong of the area who received information about the arrival of the Branch Manager, SBI who came from Assam and passed through the area. regulations prescribed by the Government.
He said he is proud to be able to demonstrate by his actions the promises made and to achieve the goals and reach new heights through the collaboration with the relevant departments of DoNER. and other persons involved in these activities.
In the upcoming elections, the Congress party hopes that it will get a majority and he hopes that the people will do that from the work that the government has done.
“Please if you go anywhere, because this is a democratic country, the DCA has sent the Bill to the Governor of the state. Act of the State Government".
East Jaintia Hills Police said that they received a tip that unidentified persons had demanded money from people with threats on 19/8/2
This organization as one of the organizations of Bah Joy who is one of the senior pastors of one of the leading churches in the North East who came out of a spiritual church and without regard to the character of He said that the party wants these candidates to appear in Parliament before the Autonomous District Council (ADC) in Meghalaya. the choice of the people to remember these matters.
Similarly, the deterioration of the road is evident when you turn to the Mawsynram-Ryngku Border Road which has been looking like no one has visited it for decades.
Shillong, March 04: The High Court of Meghalaya today swore in Brig.
The program was also broadcast live on the social media handles of the Department.
The Vice President of India also expressed the beauty of nature in Meghalaya through his twitter before arriving at the meeting in Shillong.
The treatment was conducted under the supervision of Dr AC Bhardwajan, DIG, Medical Superintendent of BSF, Meghalaya.
The meeting was attended by the elders of the women's organizations and youth organizations. The meeting was organized by the Meghalaya Secretariat to discuss and discuss how to bring peace and stability in the Motphran area and surrounding areas. – North Shillong Constituency.
Since the outbreak of drug abuse in Shillong, no drug traffickers have been arrested but those who have been arrested are those who sell less than 1 gram of pearls and drug users.
The state government is ready to provide assistance of up to Rs 2 crore for the Bollywood film 'Rock on film so that Khasi films will grow and also to be one of the employment opportunities for the youth.
This financial assistance includes up to 90 percent down payment which ensures that the beneficiaries will receive the completed vehicle by paying only 1 lakh tyngka down payment.
His sudden death has caused shock.
The union said that if the CEM cannot warn or take action to warn, the union will take action to force or urge the Rangbah Shnongs, Sordars, Daloi and Syiems to stop issuing NOCs to foreigners. here within the state.
On the other hand, the Deputy Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, said that due to the urgency of the work, it could not be conveyed to the members in time. will try to expedite as soon as possible.
However, he hoped that the ethnic parties would form a government in 2018 after the elections.
At this meeting, the HSPDP also discussed how to improve the party's Manifesto and many parts will be the same and there are some parts which will be improved and this has been handed over to the President, General Secretary and The State Election Committee of the party will soon release the election.
The District Administration, after the request of the leaders, has canceled the proclamation of Section 144 CrPC as there is a Silver Jubilee celebration for the 25th Anniversary of the District.
According to police sources, Bah Pohrmen went missing on the 22nd of this month and his body was found on the 26th of this month. registered at Dawki police station.
: you must not show anything; you must not tynkreiñ.
Shillong, Lber 24: The Khasi Cultural and Social Services Society (KCSSS) today concluded its Free Medical Checkup Cum-Health Awareness Campaign (KCSSS) which was held at Phlangwanbroi Village. More than 400 people have been able to participate in the services of the Seng through the “Help & Care Mission” a special committee of the Seng.
Chief Executive Member, Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) on the shooting death of people in Mukroh.
However, this time she has been accused of violating the law. The police said that what they did was according to the law.
Shillong, Lber 06: The President of the National People's Party (NPP) Meghalaya, Dr Kharlukhi today handed over his resignation letter to the President of the National People's Party (NPP) Purno A Sangma.
The strengthening of the telecom network in the A&N Islands, along with the strengthening of satellite bandwidth, has been completed.
The ministers in the government of Dr Mukul Sangma are Dr RC Laloo as Deputy Chief Minister, Bah Rowell Lyngdoh, Prestone Tynsong, HDR Lyngdoh, Ampareen Lyngdoh and AL Hek. and it is accepted that they are the ones whom Dr Mukul trusts.
The debate on the speech of the Chief Minister on the budget will continue in the House. Many have questioned whether the ruling and opposition MLAs will agree or not. This is an increase in the tax on vehicle fares and transportation fares.
There were also songs by Bah Renaldus Kharlukhi who performed a song on the Amur Falcon and also by Bah Charles Syngkli.
According to sources, the incident happened in the morning.
There are times when we feel hopeless in life but we should not forget to thank God because everything is His wise guidance, God Almighty sees each one through His works. hard, because we have to work hard to reach our goal and as children who still have a lot of time we should study well to reach a higher level because this is the time for the future. do not ask.
I thank Karpoori Jiuba for bringing about change in the leadership through his contributions.
Speaking to reporters, Prestone said the government has also decided that the ban on holding festivals will apply to all types of festivals within these two states. that District.
On the other hand, the President, Bah Shangpliang, expressed his regret to see that the government has not yet conducted a census of the farmers in Meghalaya. get the PM Kisan.
He also urged the people to be persevering because in the struggles we have to face many obstacles before reaching the goal and we have to go through trials and tribulations but with the spirit of perseverance and patriotism. The goal will be achieved for the benefit not only of the present generation but of the future generations who will be able to live in peace and become the owners of the state as a whole.
The Chief Minister said that discussions are ongoing that if possible, the state government should look into the implementation of these schools even though the selection of companies has been done in accordance with the rules of the central government. is that if it is from the state government it is not easier to implement.
He said that Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh has informed the Seng that she will visit the hospital on the 15th July, 2023 to unveil the flag of the country in the district. celebration of the country’s Independence Day.
She said that this ability to climb this mountain can fulfill her dream.
Other leaders Jenita Marbaniang President Ri Bhoi District and H Wanniang General Secretary visited Jorbil Khasi Village to confirm the office bearers of the Women's Wing at Killing Ri Bhoi District.
He also spoke about the new opportunities for all women who join self help groups and the inclusion of Anganwadi and Asha workers in the Ayushman scheme.
Colonel Rajeev Bagga, Commanding Officer of the 41st Meghalaya NCC, who took the initiative to bring this honor to Meghalaya that a member of the NCC from Shillong will be able to represent India. selected to be part of this team that went outside India.
The SP said that the three were released on bail bond at 12 noon after investigation.
Dr Mukul said that as the Prime Minister and as the Indian National Congress, we respect the decision of the people and the goal of the party is to serve the people as a group or as a party. individuals.
The driver of the Bolero fled the scene after the incident. They were taken to CHC Sohra.
On the other hand, the Chief Executive Members of RiKhasiki have submitted their demand on the 4th of this month and their demand is that the government should have its own schedule for the four districts in Meghalaya.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, has also spoken on the same issue and the Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, has said that he will seek clarification from the DC on the issue. this.
We always want them to be progressive and comfortable".
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Shangpliang said that this month of celebration is to honor those who have won various competitions in this annual sport.
In his speech, the Prime Minister said that the youth should be made aware that alcohol and drugs cannot remove the root causes of suffering.
Shillong, March 09: The Government of Meghalaya has taken action to discuss the body of Bah Tiklu Jyrwa from Lumparing Shillong in the collapse of Lum Thah in Uttarkashi. and the Uttarakhand government to take the body to Shillong.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah Daniel Khyriem, President of the party, said that the deadline starts today and will end tomorrow morning at 5 pm if the government does not release it without any deadline. The party will sit down again to discuss how to proceed.
The discussion went ahead despite the problems faced by central government laws such as the MMDR Act.
Shillong, July 04: U Bah Kit Nongrum, the producer of the film 'Pap', has said that the film 'Pap' will be released at Biju Cinema on 7/01/2 Tickets will cost between T.200 and T.
The Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, including the Sirdarship, the Dorbar of Dolloi and the Council of Nokmas have sent a reminder letter to the BJP Meghalaya, the President of the BJP, from 22nd April and recently handed over to the Prime Minister of India, Shri Narendra Modi, but no reply has been received from them.
“As farmers, they spend 15 tyngka per kilo while selling rice to the market at 8 to 10 tyngka per kilo,” he added. Mr. Olet.
This is not the first time that the BSF has killed people in this area but they have happened many times in this area. the BSF has been arrested.
The village of Nohwet, located in the southern part of Meghalaya, has traditional skills handed down from generation to generation.
Prof SM Sungoh, congratulated the MSOA for the presentation and said that the issues discussed on this day will be taken to the Committee in charge of this issue and after that it will be sent. the recommendations to the State Government.
Referring to the peace and development approach adopted by the Government, Myntri Rangbah Duh said that those who benefit most from this are the indigenous people.
Referring to the book written by Prof SS Majaw, he said that this is another Mawjam to the writing of Khasi literature which promotes the Khasi language.
Regarding the registration of Aadhaar, there are 10 demands that we have put before the District Authorities of EJHD. .The meeting of all trainees D.El.
Shillong, June 22: The Shillong Cricket Association (SCA) under the leadership of Naba Bhattacharjee, General Secretary SCA on 20th April 2018 visited Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of State in charge of the SCA. Sports & Youth Affairs in the Government of Meghalaya at the office of the Minister.
When the police conducted a search warrant, they revealed that they were members of the newly formed Achik National Cooperative Army. BNC employee Avijeet Mazumdar has died in Garo Hills.
There are two types of water pipes installed along the road, one is red and the other is blue. The red pipes are larger than the blue pipes. These water pipes have been on the road for more than a year. where the work of irrigation has not yet been started.
The requirement for SIP to import SPF Shrimp Broodstock from authorized sources has been lifted and this has greatly assisted the seed banks.
In fact , if there are any problems , they should be resolved in one way but not to prevent any residents from getting ration , NREGS works and other benefits to get from the government.
Shillong, Naitung 9: The Chess Olympiad Torch Relay was inaugurated at the IG Stadium, New Delhi on 19th July 2022 by the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi and This service will arrive and stop in Shillong on 9th November,
The public is urged not to do this which can lead to damage.
Regarding the expenses, the raids from the Hima have brought the necessities to perform the rituals within the Hima and this ceremony is ongoing and will end on 2nd November 2023 with the pomblang.
Shillong, November 03: A special court set up by the government to hear the civil society groups who have protested against the Inner Line Permit (ILP) demand has started its hearing today.
It is learned that after he escaped, the police were searching, searching and threatening him.
Mantiphrang said that the demands they have put before the authorities are two, one is to recognize the contract employees who have worked for more than 40 years as full time employees, and to pay the arrear.
The organization encourages the youth in the field of poultry farming in collaboration with the organization and there has been a significant increase in the field of poultry farming in Shillong. The Government has encouraged more and more youth in this field to provide training at the Rural Research and Training Center of the State Government. RRTC).
About 20 children from the Seng Riti Cultural Organization from Wahkhen including teachers will receive salaries according to the government allocation, and the Pahambir Cultural Club has been allocated to support musical instruments for three groups. and some traditional costumes required at the traditional customs festival.
John Kharshiing said that the enactment of the Act will open the way for the people to improve their health in the field of health tourism.
The floods have affected the farmers in Langkyrding and Pynthor areas and sometimes at midnight they have to flee if they don't flee they may be injured and in this flight it has caused the loss of lives. and there are places where the water is very strong and this is very dangerous for the children.
Constantine Lyngdoh won the MLA election in 1993 from Nongpoh Constituency by defeating Dr DD Lapang at that time and this happened a year after Dr Lapang created Ri Bhoi District.
What is incomprehensible is that in other states these teachers are known as additional teachers, while in Meghalaya they are called as 4 Teachers. This is because they want to receive the same reward as they have received because they are from the same source.
About 3,000 farmers in the state covering 500 hectares of unused land have been supported under this mission.
In honor of this leader, there was also a ceremony of firing three times by the police of the state.
He said that ALS was started in Meghalaya four years ago and it is good that the government has now come forward to help the youth to get the opportunity to sit for the UPSC examination. Shillong, Nailur 14: The Shillong City Congress Committee (CDC) today sent a petition to the President of India, Ram Nath Kovind through the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District.
If they are negative, they will be tested again within 24 hours to confirm that they are cured.
She started her journey to spread the message of violence against women on 21st November and has now walked about 2175 KM in the Eastern States. It will travel to Manipur, Nagaland, Arunachal Pradesh, Assam and Meghalaya and tomorrow it will reach Tripura.
On the other hand, the KSU has urged the police of Sohra Civil Sub Division not to allow those who have left the area to return at this time. watch out for incoming and outgoing vehicles.
The election for the post of CEM of KHADC will be held today at 2 pm and the candidates are Bah HS Shylla from KHDA and Grace Kharpuri. You are the Chairman of the PDA. However, you are not the Chairman of the KHADC.
This painting highlights the richness of Meghalaya in tourism and ancient heritage, including the jri bridge, which shows the relationship between man and the environment, the cleanliness of the village. Mawlynnong and Nohwet village and the drawing also shows the beauty of the valleys, flowers, birds, animals, wildlife, the richness of the culture of the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people. There are three ethnic groups living in Meghalaya.
The statement also said that children cannot be used to distribute notices, posters or sing, read poetry, dance or any program related to the election.
Bibash Debbarma, Prez, Twipra Students' Federation Shillong.
On the other hand, the Director said that it is wrong for people to send their children abroad to study when there are educational opportunities in the state.
The Central Government and many BJP-ruled states have announced significant reductions in excise duty and VAT twice.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner appealed to the civil society and the private sector to donate materials or money.
During the inspection, the union found that the sub center has turned into a house with the doors and gate, the silver fences have been destroyed and the component of this place has been destroyed. you have painted how many tylli.
Documents to be submitted include Marksheet, Admit Card, Registration Card, Certificate, Passport size photo, and contact number of the child or family member.
The names of the deceased are still unknown.
She urged to gradually use Bio-Fertilizers instead of Chemical Fertilizers which have been found to be harmful to human health and even to insects that improve the quality of life. the plants that are on the ground.
Regarding Flybig, the agreement is that the payment will be only for the operators. Since its inception, Flybig has operated seven times and has paid T.12.5 crore for one operation. Answering additional questions, the Minister said that due to many problems, heavy aircraft cannot land at Umroi Airport. The government has not allocated enough land to build a new airport.
The OSD in charge of soh planting at Rashtrapati Bhavan, UD Kukreti said that the training will be for five years. flower planters and women volunteers working inside the residence of the President of India.
During the meeting, u Bah Sanbor also urged the Union Minister in charge of Tourism to release the schemes that have been implemented during his tenure as Chairman of MTDC. The minister promised to look into this.
It is to be recalled that on November 26, 2018, AJYWO, after receiving through RTI that the implementation of the Trading License in Jaintia Hills, has not gone smoothly, the AJYWO They met with the CEM of JHADC with a petition and urged him to fully implement the Trading License and Non-Tribal Employees' Service License in Jaintia Hills. Issue Trading Licenses to enable our people to start their own income generation opportunities.
Those are things we’re unfortunately critical of.
: It will be the first time that the Dorbar Shnong will build a gym for the children and youth so that they can improve their mental health especially in this age of The society in these days has deteriorated dramatically due to the involvement of young people in drugs which has destroyed many families.
This statement came after a letter of the Garo National Liberation Army (Re-Group) signed by Geora Pantora Sangma as its Chairman was circulated on social media. a few days and reached the ears of the State Government.
Shillong, Nailur 22: The Khasi Women's Welfare Association (KWWADA) and the Civil Society Women's Organization (CSWO) today decided to go to the Additional Secretariat to hold a meeting. The protest was held at the parking lot on the 25th of this month.
The State Government has urged the President of India to exempt the Conservation of Forest Act and the Mine and Mineral (Development and Regulation) Act in the past. .
Shillong, July 11: The KSU Mynksan Unit through its General Secretary Samla Garland S Manner, has expressed its dissatisfaction with the issuance of smart cards by the relevant department in Mynksan village due to the large number of people. They didn't have the opportunity to shoot even after waiting all day and they stopped working all day because they had already called the village to come for the smart card shooters.
At 12:00 pm, they brought the choh tyndai to the manlaki thliew, followed by the bamdoh knia. At 12:00 pm, they brought the various Rots to the Slot Masi Square. Dr RC Laloo, Minister of Education, Ma Sniawbhalang, Minister of Education, Dr RC Laloo, Minister of Education, Ma Sniawbhalang, witnessed the closing ceremony of the Behdeinkhlam festival. Stephan Mukhim, Parliamentary Secretary, Sports Department, MB Rymbai were also present.
It is alleged that the employees who have been placed in these farms have not reached their workplace as the villagers have never seen those employees. The KSU demands that the JHADC should re-employ them. that garden slasha.
At the same time, the mothers who work to look after the children in the creche were also praised for although they have their own household but they have dedicated themselves to look after and care for the children from the beginning. the morning and health of all babies.
The office bearers who were appointed were Morningstar Suja, President, Secretary General, Evan Suchen, Vice President for Karimganj, Hailkandi and Cachar, Walton Rymbai, Blessing Talang and Samla.
The Association sends its condolences to the family members, wife and children and prays that God will bless them especially at this time of darkness. .
He added that these tins supplied by the company are adequate.
After graduation, Joycy worked for many companies in Guwahati including a steel company and also worked as a manager in a shop.
“I cannot say whether it will be the NSCN. They (NLCN) have talked to some members (in Nagaland) but from which group, we still have to find out.
He added that he used to say that poverty and stupidity go hand in hand and to free them is up to us. If we can overcome stupidity we will be able to overcome stupidity. we shall not be able to overcome poverty.
Union Minister of State for Agriculture Banteidor Lyngdoh and Lok Sabha MP Vincent H Pala were also present on the occasion.
you bad mystep.
The march was inaugurated by KSU General Secretary Donald V Thabah from the State Central Library Shillong.
Shillong, November 10: To prepare for the visit of the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi to Shillong on Saturday, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Bah PS Dkhar, has invited the meeting was held in the morning.
The Meghalaya Safety and Security Act, 2016 as well as the Meghalaya Safety and Security Rules, 2017 shall be implemented in the State and after its implementation if there is a need to improve it, to do.
Sudik Ahamed, 16, has been infected with the disease since he was 10 years old.
He urged police chiefs, IAS officers, kimuktiar and other government officials to come forward to write letters.
Prestone said the lifting of the curfew in Shillong is temporary and the government will continue to monitor the situation, as the current number of COVID-19 positive cases in the state. is still declining.
Referring to the students in the North Eastern States, Prestone said that so far those who have registered with the government have reached 1500 students and the government has already prepare to receive them back to their homeland.
He said that as of now, foreigners have won and are also MDCs in the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council.
Minister Kharlukhi said that this ritual has been established by the ancients. This mountain Shillong is the source of water for the rivers of Umshyllong, Umjarasai, Umsherpi, The Umdienglieng, the Umkhen, the Umngot, the Umiew, the Umtongsyiem and the Umjlein, these are the sources of water for the kingdom and outside the kingdom.
Shillong, Nailar 19: Police in Ri Bhoi District today found the body of a young girl from Umian Pond. of East Khasi Hills.
The Bill has already been passed by the Lok Sabha with 216 votes in favor and 19 against. Minister in charge of Rural Development Jairam Ramesh said that the bill has been passed by the Lok Sabha. The Act shall also allow the States to implement it at their own discretion.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: The residents of Wahkhen village have once again expressed their dissatisfaction with the Pomblang festival of the Hima Khyrim to be held on the 13th and 14th of this month at Smit.
The remaining T.9 crore which has not been used is to assist farmers to purchase power tillers, to provide training to farmers and to prevent crop pests.
The unit was inaugurated by Samla Rapborlang Paliar, Vice President of KSU Sengkmie.
Therefore, the union has returned them to their place of origin and has issued a strong warning to those contractors; Those who are reluctant to bring foreigners, should provide the work permit of the state, otherwise the union will not take responsibility.
Full support for the consolidation of elections will in turn promote activities for economic development and social mobility, strengthen the foundation of democracy, and achieve the India's goal is Bharat.
Regarding the Bill passed by the KHADC to protect the minorities under the Constitution of India, the Central Government has also passed the Land Transfer Act, the Trading by Non Tribal Act. Out of the 60 Assembly Seats, 55 have been allocated for the Tribals. This bill has been introduced by the District Council. protection of minorities under the Constitution of India.
During the meeting, the Government also invited the District Councils to join hands in the discussions and the implementation of the border talks between the two states.
The new species Phintella handersoni is located in Umran Dai, Ri-Bhoi district, Meghalaya, and it has been named in honor of the late Handerson ry Syiemlieh, owner of the tea estate.
For the purpose of managing the coal that has been extracted from the mines in the state.
To avoid this misery, the employees also wanted the government to clarify whether it will provide the Volunteers Retirement Scheme (VRS), or the Volunteers Retirement Scheme (VRS). 'Golden Handshake'.
Shillong, June 23: The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) led by the President of the Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) today met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District. price suddenly of marbam beverages.
MUDA can arrest these illegal residents on any day and MUDA has set a date of 8/11/11 to do so for the benefit of all.
The union condemns the government's action of banning the state residents from working in Mawshun and sending it abroad, while the companies allow them to work in Mawshun. shallan the ore outside the state.
Many of them have received donations through free funds.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The National Sample Survey Office Shillong has conducted a survey in various fields across India.
He stressed the importance of education and encouraged the youth to set up their own jobs instead of waiting for government jobs.
The Minister will also visit East Jaintia Hills tomorrow to gather information on the implementation of various schemes of the central government.
On the other hand, Justice Nandrajog said that in India there are about 2.3 percent, so there should be a balance between faith and the urgency of the job.
At this meeting, the Rangbah Shnongs promised to work together for the restoration of peace and order in Shillong, especially during the examination period. .
Parijat Baruah, Tourist Information, said that the program was held today as part of the celebration of Swachhta Pakhwada on the occasion of World Tourism Day. and ends on September 30th.
These leaders explained to the farmers of the party to stand up to protect and fight for the problems of the farmers and in a short period of time, the government has listened by setting up the Farmers Commission. The Farmers' Parliament is the Farmers' Parliament.
It is pleasing to clarify again as we have tried to clarify for many years that according to the delay in the amendment of the rights of the Khasi States has been clearly stated in the Constitution of India since 26 January India and you know how to harum.
These ethnic groups include Garo, Hajong, Mendai, Kacahri, although they have lived in these areas for many years, they have not been able to vote.
The 5Meghalaya Games 2024 will be a memorable event in sports in the state as it is the first time that the President of India will come to inaugurate the Games.
As the Supercare Hospital celebrates this milestone, we are determined that this is a stepping stone to greater things.
Speaking to reporters after the session, Pynshngian said he would like to say something on the submission of the report of the High Level Committee on the Metor.
The Shillong Premier League match was played at the JN Stadium today.
Last year, we launched the National Sickle Cell Anemia Elimination Mission and looked at areas such as education, screening, early detection, and treatment.
The Way of Hope K.Jarian.
The closing ceremony of this year's celebration will be on the 1st of March, when the entire Government and the people of the country will work together to conduct cleanliness drives in various places as part of the 'EkTareekhEkGhantaEkSaath'
Shillong, Lber 26: The JSU-Khliehriat led by General Secretary Emmanuel Bhoi and Vice President Laskiborn Siangchai on Tuesday met with the DMHO of East Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday regarding the delay in the promotion of DMHO. The CHC is the Civil Hospital in the district.
The Minister of Forest was also informed that all this is due to the stability of the Government of India and perhaps to comply with the terms of the Instrument of Accession signed and agreed between the Government of India and the Khasi States.
The CEO launched the electoral roll and distributed it to various political parties at a meeting held at the DC office of East Khasi Hills District today.
On the 29th of this month, Bah Banmanbha Nongkhlaw, 26, drowned in Um ThumThum in Mawlai. His body was recovered and taken to the civil hospital for post mortem.
Shillong, Nailur 16: In collaboration with the Meghalaya Police and its police, the GSU will continue its protest if the officer cannot be removed from the post. Arabindra Kr Das, 77, of Ramkrishna Nagar, Karimganj, Assam has been released from custody.
If you have any comments on this issue, please send them to this e-mail mpbcomm.
In his speech in the House today, the Governor of Meghalaya touched upon all the government departments and what the government has done and what the government will continue to do for the development of The state has a revenue of 10 billion US dollars by
This is one of the corruption cases against the people which affects the poor and the rich.
This is necessary because the Chief Executive Member of the Hima is an officer of the KHADC and whatever the court decides within the Hima, the higher courts respect the decisions. They have appealed to the Supreme Court but the Supreme Court has upheld the decision of the Hima courts.
Answering a question, the Minister admitted that it is true because they don't know the types of herbs. you lost.
This happened on Thursday at about 3:30 pm.
Now they are living here, behold, the time will come when they will sit at your door.
In 2022-23, 1.534 lakh tonnes of rice and rice products worth 207.45 million USD were exported by more than 380 exporters.
Shillong, Lber 29: The Ri Youth Welfare Organization (RBYWO) today closed down the Central Agricultural University at Kyrdemkulai for holding work on the Holy Thursday. .
HNLC Chairman Bobby Marweiñ and General Secretary Saiñkupar Nongtraw have sent a letter to the Ministry of Home Affairs through Advisor AK Mishra to inform them of the decision. to withdraw from the peace talks, stating that the Government has not agreed to approve five demands including amnesty for the members and leaders of the party.
Thousands of pills, drips and unknown drugs were found on Friday by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
According to the Seng, the army has tried to acquire the land of the Ar Kur Ridwar Sanglyne Basan and Syiemlieh Sawkpoh.
Initially, police arrested Sonmingla and after his escape, police arrested Jessica Mate.
The following shows the trends in gross GST collection this year.
Replying to the speech of the Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma, the Minister of Power said that the government has not hidden the facts as alleged. said James.
We wish all our fellow citizens who are still on their way to return to their country.
Not only that, the NRC has recently decided that out of the 1.9 crore people whose names appeared in the first list, up to 1.15 lakh people will be removed from the NRC list. 1.9 crore, 1.15 lakh people have been confirmed to lose their citizenship in Assam.
It is the word of truth, which has been promised; it is pure, clean, and pure, without darkness, without deceit, without thanksgiving.
Now the appointed Judicial Magistrates have to be appointed. This is to continue the trial from the former Magistrates to the present Judicial Magistrates. There is no intention to increase the powers of the District Councils because their powers are clearly enshrined in the Constitution of India, Article
During the meeting, Bah Hek informed the Union Minister that various religious organizations, the Khasi Seng have met him to seek his support to improve the places of worship in the areas. There are different countries in the state of Meghalaya.
Members of the Tribal Combat Academy won gold, silver and bronze medals.
We should not worry because there is nothing to worry about.
In this regard, the Committee invites all the youth of the KSU, especially the members of the various units of the KSU to come forward and join hands with the KSU. KSU's responsibility for the country and the nation.
The first Assembly of the Khasi States had 88 members.
In the presence of the chiefs of the kingdom and the chiefs of the villages.
Shillong, July 27: The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, MS Roa and the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District were scheduled to visit Sani Mandir from Khyndailad to Motphran but were canceled due to heavy rainfall.
“That's why I said, don't play politics.
However, the DC has suspended the permit of the KSU on the grounds that it does not have a Modecode of Conduct.
However, after a few days of talks, the Assam Police together with the District authorities of Kamrup District, Assam have decided to go to Iongkhuli, Ri Bhoi District, Meghalaya and stopped the erection of the Post Light. MeECL in the village.
At present, the fare to charge passengers on this road has not been fixed.
While the police were standing at the hideout of the militants, they opened fire and the police turned away. No one was injured in the shooting.
On this occasion, MLAs of the ethnic parties will also attend to listen to what the NDA candidate has to say during his visit to the state.
He also expressed his satisfaction that the Kur Syiemlieh Sawkpoh has refused to allocate land to the army after there was opposition from many but he assured that the party will continue to monitor to ensure that the army. They will not get land in Rangthong or other land in the District.
The Seng also questioned whether the government is ready to arrest the members of the KSU without sufficient evidence on charges of committing crimes but whether the foreigner who dared to cut even Will the government shut up and take away the gold from the women? The union demands that the law enforcement authorities should investigate and punish the foreigner severely and also sends its condolences to the family of the woman who was seriously injured and lost her gold and belongings. life of i.
School Teacher, Smt.
Shillong, November 29: The BSF today seized 699 cows from the Meghalaya-Bangladesh border.
He expressed confidence that the NCeG 2019 has allowed all the participating state government groups to return with key strategies that can be implemented in different states.
The theme of the 125th Anniversary celebration is “Running for a Sustainable Future” and to disseminate information that participation in sports and higher education are the keys to progress in all aspects. especially even to get a healthy body.
The BSF has handed over the cows to the police for further investigation. The BSF is working hard to curb these illegal activities in the smuggling to Bangladesh. .
“At the same time, the General Secretary of the HNLC informed that during the first meeting between the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of India, the delegation sent by the HNLC returned to their camp on the 16th. Nailur, 2022, to hold the General Council and CEC to discuss the response to the demands by the Government of India that all the leaders of the HNLC should come forward to take part in the peace talks.
The Chairman of COMSO said that after the House has approved the decision to implement the ILP, it would be better if all the 60 MLAs should go to Delhi to demand the implementation of the ILP in the state.
In his speech, the Syiem of Hima Khyriem, Pa'im Balajied Syiem, expressed his deep sorrow that the people of the area have dared to force the soul of Macmilan to take the law into their own hands.
Shillong, July 28: It is unpleasant to imagine that criminals have entered the ground floor of Bah Rishan Rapsang's house in Jaiaw Langsning on Tuesday night. in this unfortunate incident.
Regarding the entry and exit points that the government has said it will build, it has not said whether it will punish those who do not enter and leave the points set by the government. , the entry and exit points through the railway stations called “felicitation Centre” have been clearly written that the people at these points will be assistants and not to arrest the authorities.
The Director of Rural Development, IR Sangma, while speaking to SP News Agency, said that the State Level Committee meets between April and November with the Chief Minister as Chairman and members. be ministers and heads of government departments.
“I have received information from the security that they (unidentified persons) have thrown bottles at the Guest House ICCR and there are children waiting at Hostel 19 and 20 at about 8:00 pm,” he said. said Riang.
The BSF, after investigation, handed over the muid and the Bangladeshi khar to the state police at Umkiang for further investigation.
Shillong, Nailur 11: The session of the Legislative Assembly will start on the 21st of this month and end on the 27th of this month.
The spirit of our victory lies not only in the courage of our soldiers, but in the quality of education and training they receive.
It is learned that during the meeting, they put forward five demands and some of them are satisfactory and some of them the government has to review the agreements.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HITO) today sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District requesting him to open mobile phone shops to conduct online classes.
They reported on their progress to date and how they are poised to advance pharmaceutical manufacturing.
The HNLC sees clearly that this alliance between the BJP and the NPP is not because they have the same views, but because they have the same interests, therefore the political system in Meghalaya. It is like a circus where many of the politicians are clowns, and in a few months this coalition government may collapse.
On our part, we urge the people of the area to cooperate with the health department and the police, as well as with the villages not only to wait for them to say but to share their encouragement. They should think about how to avoid many problems if they are infected with an infectious disease.
He also thanked the Health Minister Roshan Warjri for taking the responsibility to direct the Health Officers to expedite the treatment and provide doctors, nurses and assistants.
“The nation should be surprised now and stand together not to allow the mynder one day to become the ruler of this beloved country.
Therefore, the Seng urges the Rangbah Shnongs of the area who have received the information to attend the meeting as soon as possible. ng, on that day.
He urged the teachers that in this age, the teaching of the students should be instilled in the spirit of cooperation, not just in competition.
Shillong, Nailar 12: The Additional Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Dr. Shreeranjan, on Tuesday said that due to the shortage of doctors, it is necessary to encourage the Khasi pharmacists. treatment before patients are transported to health facilities.
The opposition has already put forward a motion to remove the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly and tomorrow morning it will be announced in the House whether to accept or reject this motion. You have been appointed by the Congress.
On behalf of the Seng Khasi Kmie, we would like to extend our special greetings to all of you and apologize for not being able to name each and every one of them, but we send you our best wishes and wishes for your health, happiness and prosperity. strong, strong to grow, strong in all directions.
It was informed in the House that the documents should be provided by the owners who should receive this pension and the provision of the necessary items should be provided by the office staff from the Block.
This year, the Sohra Marathon will be held on Saturday 14th November, 2024. The category will be divided into Open, Elite including Combine Indian Athlete and International. Meghalayan Category, Open in 10k and those over 50 years old will receive a Cash Award.
: means–it is to exchange opinions whether only between two people or in a group;it is to express opinions in a group or lympung;it is to search more carefully to find the right opinion; The road was held in the lympung or council.
This belief comes from the highest authority under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, he said.
After arriving at the JN Stadium in Polo, he held a meeting with the officials of the Meghalaya Olympic Association. at four o'clock to-day.
The teachers of the school after teaching at the school since 2012 have seen the problems of the village which still needs a lot of attention from the MLA and the government as well. .
Shillong, June 18: The search for the Battalion Headquarters in South West Khasi Hills District has been revived after a few months with the attempt of the Army to set up a base at Rangthong village, about 12 kms from Mawkyrwat. who is Mawpait.
The treatment was inaugurated by Anupam Panwar. The treatment was conducted with the assistance of the Rocco Cancer Society of Meghalaya. to the people who came to be treated on this day.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: The Guwahati High Court on Tuesday heard the Miss Case No(SH) 419 of the year in the case of land purchase in Umsawkhwankat village. 2012 Civil Rule In WP(C) No 299(SH) of 2012, the court has fixed the date for the hearing of the case on the 21st of this month.
In fact, the registration process starts in November and the list of candidates is released in November and we will announce the names of the candidates as soon as the date of the election is announced,” he said. Pala said there will be no change and the SEC and District Election Committees (DECs) will meet to send the names of the candidates.
Besides the workshop and exhibition, during these two days there was a giant canvas painting with famous painters of Jowai such as Dr CH Pakyntein, CH Passah and Maradona Myrboh, along with those from Guwahati and Shillong, participated in the design of the dress.
There were 7 successful individual candidates.
During the meeting, the Chief Minister informed the Union Minister that there are 44,730 persons with disabilities in Meghalaya. long those who have been registered with the State Government.
The job of teachers is a sacred and holy job and it is through the hard work and dedication of teachers that the students will receive education for their bright future.
Regarding the post of party treasurer, he said that the election is for the term of office of the party from 2022 to 2025, according to the rules laid down by the Election Commission of India.
He said that there are only 70 Khasi households in Vairangte and there has never been any migration from the Khasi people living in Barak Valley, Assam and Meghalaya to Mizoram. to affect the paid population of the Mizo people.
The recruitment is currently underway at the Polo Ground and the selection of the youth through various criteria has gone smoothly and the District Administration has been ready to assist. an army to manage.
He said that Bah Nongsiej has been a good person in this position as he has won twice and he feels that he is not qualified to run the House. the rules and regulations for sitting on this chair.
Shillong, Naitung 25: Bernard N Marak, Shillong, has issued an arrest warrant for failing to surrender before the police.
Industry has also benefited greatly from the digital platform of the Unified Logistics Interface Platform (ULIP) which aims to facilitate doing business in logistics and reduce logistics costs in the country. .
The sound of the rben ksai guitar in the album is played by Bah Nah.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: A fire broke out inside the church of Balang U Blei at 3.30 pm this morning and damaged the form.
At present, the people buy these policies or plans because they know that they will still benefit because the pork is not finished.
As a sign of the appointment of the new pastorate, a plaque was unveiled with the blessings by Pastor KE Rympeit, who gave the keynote address, with the testimony of the elders. , members of the two pastorate, members of the Church and others.
He said that if the government had a responsibility to the people, it would have thought first how to introduce strong laws to prevent the illegal entry of mynder. before the railway line.
Furthermore, as part of Jan Bhagidhari (People's Participation) – various programs are being conducted in blocks and districts of all the states in the region.
“I pay tribute to the former MLA of Umroi Constituency and VPP President Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit who raised the issue in the Legislative Assembly on the instability of the Umïam Bridge which should have been repaired for a long time. " he said.
He said that he has sent copies of these documents to the police stations including Sadar Police Station, Lumdiengjri Police Station and Cantonment.
The NHRC has sought clarification from the District Administration and the SP of East Khasi Hills to respond within four months. The incident occurred at Mawrangkang village in Pynursla district on the 20th of this month.
Shillong, June 05: The Director of Health Services, Dr Aman War, on Tuesday said that the Director of Health Services (DHS) Dr Aman War has not yet given permission to hold the The Physical Efficiency Test to conduct the police examination is that the number of cases of COVID-19 is increasing especially among those who have returned from outside the state.
Six schools from Narpuh district participated in the Slogan Writing and Drawing competition.
Both these incidents have shown the increased concern of the people.
We need to restrict the access of foreigners to stay in our state for a long time and we need a law to prevent foreigners from staying without permission from the government authorities.
: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has strongly warned against any individuals and groups who misuse the names, shab and names of former KSU leaders. There are individuals and groups who have misused the name of the party, the party flag and the name of the former party leaders for their own personal gain.
In Tolegre in south Garo Hills, the insurgents have cleared the air but the people have come out to cast their votes.
We are still trying to find out the identity of those involved in this crime.
Regarding the death of a person who fell from the top of the hospital has nothing to do with the COVID-19, this act is that he took his own life.
The meeting was attended by the Deputy Commissioner of the District Administration, MW Nongbri.
““I want to send a clear message to the people on the border that this new EC will be a safety for them.
While the people are still worried about the government's decision to implement the Inner Line Permit and to stand against the Meghalaya Regulation of Landlords and Verification of Tenants Bill, They must wake up to avoid being overwhelmed and losing their ownership of the land.
Speeches were delivered by the Village Leaders and KSU Central Executive Council Leaders including Sonstar Nongkhlaw, AGS, KSU CEC and Donald V Thabah, GS, KSU CEC. Advisor, KSU Sohiong Circle.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the Ministry of Education has been directed to look into the demand of teachers to increase their salaries. They will meet with the officers of the Finance Department and after receiving the census they will call for a talk with the teachers.
Shillong, Naiwieng 9: The Chairman of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly Committee on Environment, Bah Syntar Klas Sunn today submitted a report to the House regarding the visit of the committee to inspect the area. Wahkjai regarding the ration of uranium.
Police have cordoned off the area to ensure that the criminals cannot escape outside the area.
Today, a short competition was held by the Mihmyntdu Community and Social Welfare Association Jowai and the prizes were awarded to the winners of the quiz competition by the chief guest, Bah PS Dkhar.
The Chief Executive Officer, Bah FR Kharkongor, IAS, Commissioner Secretary Arts & Culture, who spoke on the value of paintings and writings, urged for the creation of a working paper. to promote culture and traditions.
Regarding the nursing course, the hospital can accommodate 10 students in the M.Sc Nursing course and 50 students in the B.Ss Nursing course. There is a need for students from Meghalaya.
Although the VPP leader was once a prominent member of the UDP and HSPDP, he suddenly left his foundation and remained at odds with the current leaders of those parties.
The awards were presented by the Additional Chief Secretary KN Kumar.
During her visit to the state, she will meet with the youth and explain to them that the NPP believes in change in the hands of the youth.
After many hours of discussion, the Chief Executive Members of Parliament have expressed as you have heard that they have not accepted the government's announcement and they want a clearer government announcement to open the courts. District Councils and the lands of the tribals shall fall under the jurisdiction of the District Council Court.
Farmers will get more easily tolerated.
The Dorbar Shnong Mawryngkneng has requested the DVO to set up a fully equipped Training Hall inside the Veterinary Dispensary Office to provide training and explanation to the farmers to better understand the farming industry.
Even in the midst of difficulties, the government is striving to improve education.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: Four new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in three districts of the state, two from East Khasi Hills, one from Ri Bhoi and one from West Jaintia Hills. .
Former Mylliem MDC Sounder Strong Cajee passed away at Bethany Hospital, Shillong on Tuesday.
Police on receiving the news have decided to send an inquiry to find out whether it is true or not as it appears in the media, because until now no information has been received to say anything. said the Chief Superintendent of Police.
Therefore, it also appeals to the parents, the Departments of Arts and Culture, Education, Social Welfare, Women's Commission of the Government of Meghalaya, the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and Jaintia Hills Council. Hima and Elaka, Schools, Colleges, Universities in the Bri U Hynnewtrep to encourage the Khasi dress and grooming in the surrounding and all over the Bri Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War and Lyngngam.
On behalf of the HNLC, Bah C Thangkhiew, on behalf of the HNLC, extended his best wishes to all the people of Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum.
In the letter, the union has sought clarification from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare on the number of seats for doctoral students sent by the State Government to various institutions across India.
They said that there is a need to increase the quality of organic fertilizers, or compost.
The meeting was held today to mark the beginning of the preparations for the Lok Sabha elections.
The KSU South West Khasi Hills District, which has called for this rally today in the area, has written on its banner that the rally will demand an end to the rape, violence and demand for money from the people within the border of South West Khasi Hills District.
The Rural Development Department is looking into the issue of ensuring that the people in the rural areas can get their own pain khana in every household and this will help in the cleanliness of the area. The villagers and the elderly will not have to go outside in the rainy season.
He said that they had to meet the CEM because they were afraid that the scheme would not succeed as the MLA elections were approaching.
The BJYM welcomes this action of the MP from Shillong Seat but the question is what did he do in the UPA II government when he was a minister that he will remember now? The BJP has said that this behavior of the MP from this constituency has shown his incompetence while he was in government, said Mr. Egenstar Kurkalang president of the party. of BJYM, Meghalaya State Unit.
Shah said the Modi Government is providing scientific support to the NDRF in all areas whether it is Dial 112, Mausam, Damini, Meghdoot, mobile applications and early warning systems.
The HYC also demanded that it is better to have three groups or three times to review the Answer Scripts especially the long questions.
According to the announcement, 21 containment areas in Shillong have been declared and one outside Shillong is Kreit Mawshaton.
Speaking to reporters, Miriam said they will leave Shillong tomorrow morning for Mumbai in the evening and from there they will leave for Turkey along with another leader from Meghalaya.
Speaking on the occasion, Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang, Secretary General of the Meghalaya Progressive Foundation, urged the people of Meghalaya to exercise their power properly. Samla Kitbok also urged the voters to vote.
Referring to other ethnic parties, he said that the Congress is led by the Khasi Hills District Council, and he expressed his satisfaction that they have the spirit to work together.
If the 60 MLAs do not discuss the border issue in the Legislative Assembly, it will show that they are stingy on this issue and also that they do not care about the people living on the border.
The last ADC elections were held in June
When inquired, he said that there are about 20 shops of foreigners who do business without a Trading Licence.
There are 51 recoveries in East Khasi Hills, 31 cases in West Khasi Hills, 16 cases in West Khasi Hills, 81562 cases in West Khasi Hills. .
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, on Tuesday said that the ASHA workers in Meghalaya should increase their monthly salary.
In his speech, Bah Embhalang urged the parents to take good care of their children and to give them what they can so that they can learn. They shall grow up in the right way for each person.
Shillong, June 01; Lamboklang Mylliem MLA today resigned from the post of MLA by sending a letter to the Commissioner Secretary to the Legislative Assembly Andrew Simon.
Jowai, March 03: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Nangbah Unit, today morning 02/Oct/2020 under the leadership of President Samla Morningstar Pasi in the presence of President Samla Ohibait Dkhat and several members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Nangbah Unit, for members.
Shah said that since the Modi government came to power in 2014, bloodshed in Assam has decreased by 87%, deaths by 90% and rape cases by 84%.
New Delhi, June 01: India is a powerful country because all the jobs related to the production of garments are in the country.
The goal of the project, as mentioned, was broader to increase the benefits to the economy.
The meeting was attended by the Minister of Education, Rakkam A.Sangma, Adviser to the Ministry of Education, Bah HM. Sutnga MLA Santa Mary Shylla, Jowai North MDC Brightstar Chyrmang, MUPSTA President Kenneth Shadap and teachers from all over Khasi-Jaintia and Garo Hills were also present.
Compound Men team Lovely Professional University represented by  Vikas, Deepak Kumar, Vishesh Vaidwan and Deepak  won a Gold Medal, where was Guru Nanak dev University Amritsar Represented by Sangarsh, dev Singh, Hrtik Sharma, Amit Thakur and Mohd  Shavej a Silver, Savitribai Phule University represented by Parth Sunil Korde, Aditya Dnyandev Gadadhe, Soumitro Satyabhataghosh and Anuj Sanjay Patil back Bronze medal.
The government should not shoot these people who went to arrest them. If they carry weapons on their bodies, they will become demanders of money on the HN-62 and this will be a problem for the people. .
“To accuse (the three) of being terrorists we don't agree with.
The price of petrol will be reduced by T.10.20 per liter and diesel by T.11.08 per litre. the whole state.
Shillong, March 19: The UHM strongly condemns the infiltration of foreigners on the Them Metor.
The Voter Verification and Information Program (VVIP) 1950 will be opened to the public on the National Voters Day to allow the public to view their votes. thep goes right or wrong where you go.
The purpose of convening such meetings is to establish the policy of the Railway Department, whose primary goal is for the benefit of the people.
Shillong, Naitung 13: Hundreds of people today attended a meeting convened by the HYNF, RBYF and FKJGP to explain the railway line that the government wants. to introduce these Khasi villages through Ri Bhoi District.
At the same time, they also mentioned the problems regarding the bill light where the increase has been excessive. bring trouble to those who have to pay for light.
Shillong, March 15: The Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board (MSPB) on Tuesday said that they have suggested to the government to build roads in city ​​block to relieve traffic jam.
Speaking on the occasion, the President of KSU South West Khasi Hills District said that in recent times, we have seen a shortage of Khasi students who have passed the examination. IAS except here and there, most of them are just appointed.
Bah Edmund Khongngai President of the union said that after the complaint of the people especially the farmers regarding the impact on agricultural products such as kwai, tympew, jhur, soh and others which are sold at this time to the market. However, due to the lockdown, the farmers have not been able to sell their crops due to the lack of market due to the government's closure of the dam.
Inaugurating the farm, the Chief Minister said that the opening of the farm has been very successful as today is the 151st birth anniversary of the farmers. Mahatma Gandhi's birthday.
On the other hand, the party also makes it clear that from now on, if the government appoints a ksiang, that ksiang should be free from any political imprisonment.
Pynshngian also admitted that he is a member of the Congress party who has been suspended from the Congress party and the EC he leads within the KHADC is the People's Democratic Forum (PDF). He has nothing to do with the People's Democratic Front (PDF).
“Ka Seng strongly condemns the implementation of the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) and as the entire nation opposes it, the Seng will continue to oppose this Act.
After the arrest, the police have completed the investigation according to the law.
The organization will be with your family at any time of need.
They have been registered under the NDPS Act at Khleihrait Police Station.
The British retaliated using their artillery.
The Minister said that in the second phase, before taking any decision, the government will consult with the people living on the border and the government will not leave without consultation.
Even now, the T.1000 tyngka honorium for the Covid-19 pandemic has not been allocated to the ASHAs and the authorities have said that they have not received an order to pay.
When asked about the Speaker's feelings, Bah Rani said, the Speaker's feelings are to talk to his party and fellow MLAs and then he will talk to other parties to talk together. on this.
At this meeting, it was decided that the meeting convened by the Deputy Commissioner at 3 pm today will not be attended by the civil society.
Jowai, Jymmang 07: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) East Jaintia Hills District in a statement sent by Samla Beker Chyrmang, Organizing Secretary of the Federation, has congratulated the DC of East Jaintia Hills District for taking action to implement the demand. The DC of East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat Region, has given time to the implementation of Local Taxis. You cannot apply for a permit to drive a local taxi for up to 10 months.
In a letter sent to the Chief Minister at his office today, Himalaya said that Mawsynram Constituency is a remote area from Shillong. it has put the people in trouble.
Ringchi, who has been trained by the coaches of the synjuk, has started her wrestling career yesterday after she won her first rank. it is difficult to compete against other young women.
The written examination for this post of Assistant Engineer (Electrical/Mechanical) was completed on 13th November, 2019 and the result was released on 19th July, 2019 from which 24 candidates were selected. The interview will be held on the 26th of November,
U Bah Lamphrang Blah, Chairman of KHADC and MDC of the area, visited the venue to understand how to prepare it for the festival in November.
There are 676 confirmed cases so far, 49 cases in East Khasi Hills, 32 cases in Ri Bhoi, 9 cases in West Garo Hills. case, West Jaintia Hills 6 cases.
The closure of these two shops today will be temporary until another arrangement is made. They will be allowed to reopen if they are found to be irregular. .
The death toll from COVID-19 in East Garo Hills District has risen to 1435 so far.
There are 603 cases in the state and 215 recoveries.
Shillong, March 31: Speaking after the Cabinet meeting, the Minister in charge of Water Supply, Marcuise N Marak, said that the Cabinet has taken decisions to amend some of the rules relating to the water supply. The sale of liquor in the state to improve the collection of revenue.
Shillong, Nailar 28: The General Secretary of the KSU Seng Kmie, Samla Donald V. Thabah, on Tuesday said that “the Khasi country is not independent but it is free”. The swearing-in ceremony of the KSU Kynroh Unit which is another new executive branch of the KSU Nongthliew Circle.
Seeing this incident, the elders of the raid and the chiefs of the village advised the Syiem to suspend the meeting until the two kurs, the Syiem and the Lyngdoh kurs, could settle among themselves.
Minister of State for Textiles.
On the other hand, Sangma said that in terms of scholarships, the Central Government has not released the funds but at present the funds are still available to the State Government. has been released since Friday.
This is evidenced by her good deeds to the poor, which she has done in many areas.
The chief speakers at the meeting were Bah Sadon Blah of HYNF, Bah Bipul Thangkhiew of RBYF and Bah Willberth Rani of FKJGP. with no safeguards against the mass influx of foreigners.
The MHRC said it has taken note of what has been reported in the media.
In these times of rapid spread of corona virus, it is necessary for everyone to take care and follow strictly the guidelines laid down by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, such as staying away from each other. to wash hands, to wear masks especially in public places.
Shillong, March 27: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Delhi Unit has been confirmed at a meeting held at 9-APJ Abdul Kalam Road in New Delhi on Saturday. Khongwir has been elected as the president and this is the first time that a young woman has led the unit especially in Delhi.
Speakers on the occasion, including Bah PT Sawkmie, who demanded that the CBI should inquire into the case, Bah M Nongrem, Bah D Wallang, Bah J Tynsong, Bah P Syiem, M Mawsor, Victor Rani, Adelbert Nongrum, Latilang Kharkongor, Samlin Malangniang, L Blah, Teinwell Dkhar, Ecuador Nongrang and HS Shylla who explained what happened at that time. These MDCs who took part in this meeting demanded that the agreements between KHADC and UCIL should be cancelled, whether it is the Mou or the NOC. the past.
Police are conducting investigation.
To achieve this goal, we must uplift the workforce of the people and empower them".
Of the 50 most polluted cities, 18 are in Bihar, eight in Haryana and eight in Rajasthan.
The Prime Minister said that his visit to the school should not be to criticize anyone but what he wants to know is to understand for himself how the school is so that the government can do anything. The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has decided to improve the situation.
On the other hand, the union has decided that if the government department does not take action within six months, the union will take another path to force the government.
The knock-out tournament was played between KSU Malki Circle and KSU Upper Shillong Circle at 11:30 AM. 3 the nod.
Tura, July 19 : Volleyball is one of the sports that may not have been played fully in the 5th Meghalaya Games which was held in Tura. , perhaps it is one of the sports that the youth of this state especially the men have a lot of talent to play.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the residents of the area said that the road leading to Hat Mawdon in many parts has collapsed from Nongtrai to Lat Shella before reaching Hat Mawdon.
Corporate Secretary of the Power Department, Smti.
He informed that the State Government has a plan to set up an Indigenous Knowledge and Cultural Center in Nongkhlaw Hima and requested the Village and Hima authorities to expedite the submission of the documents for the preparation of the DPR. He supported the idea that on this day the name of Syiem Tirot should be carried throughout the Khasi Hills and abroad.
During the meeting, it was agreed that the government will allow the members of the HNLC to resolve the peace talks. The Ministry of Home Affairs has sent a letter to the Ministry of Home Affairs to proceed with the peace talks.
: MPSC/ADVT-38/1/2012-2013/20, Dated Shillong, issued on 1st July, 2013 states that those persons who came from East Pakistan (now Bangladesh) and reside in this state or Those who wish to reside in Meghalaya and have proof of Indian citizenship can apply for this post.
The committee has discussed this issue thoroughly and has decided to take care of the recruitment, in the rules, those who are unskilled, those who are more skilled and those who are highly skilled in the job will be appointed. inspection by the relevant authorities from the Ministry of Labor of the Central Government may be accepted.
Until the day of his death, Bah Marwein was a member of MEPA and had supported the union in many ways since the past.
Shillong, Nailar 6: The Superintendent of Police, West Khasi Hills District, Bah Silvester Nongtynger today said that a policeman accused of assaulting a taxi driver at Markasa, Bah R Sten, has been arrested. camp today.
There are 15 shooters from the Shooting Association of Meghalaya who have participated in the 8NEZSC
To speed up the entry of fire trucks into the area, the police have banned vehicles from entering the Police Bazar and to prevent the gathering of people as this is the place where many people go to pay taxes. and especially today is Saturday.
According to the current estimates, the government will have to spend T.2.5 crore annually to assist the farmers.
If there is any new decision, the Government will take the decision after 15/11/2020 and the Government will inform the public after the decision.
Mawsynram MDC Bah Alvin Sawkmie today visited the site and talked to the Engineer how to speed up the work because the site for the construction of the road is the Messiah.
“Once again I send my condolences to all the family members and I pray that God will give them strength and courage in such a tragic incident. to make up for this great loss, may god bless and grant peace".
Shillong, Lber 31: The Legislative Assembly in the last Budget Session has released the request for additional funds by the Minister of State for Transport, Bah Sniwbhalang Dhar regarding the expenditure on the opening of the The ISBT was inaugurated by the Union Home Minister, Amit Shah.
He said that after examining these samples and receiving a resolution showing that there are signs that the water is not safe to drink, the union will While this is being done in Shillong, even at the district level, the union will conduct water testing.
Startup India for start-ups, IN-SPACe for aerospace, iDEX for startups in defence, Indian Semiconductor Mission for semiconductors, Smart India Hackathon to encourage Youth Innovation, Biotech Start-Up Expo – The Government has brought together the brightest people in one platform through innovation centers and is promoting faith in cooperation.
The President of the Sengkmie said that the Minister of Agriculture has informed him that he wants to attend the meeting of the farmers and the Sengkmie welcomes them. He hoped that something could be done about the problem faced by the farmers regarding the illegal kilo cutting of agricultural products.
The police department will recruit another 8,000 personnel to replace the 12,000 personnel last year.
Lapang has appointed four Vice Presidents, Boldness L Nongum, Lakhmen Rymbui, KK Dkhar and Oris S Myriaw.
The injured were taken by 108 to Tura Civil Hospital for treatment. The injured were identified as Rapu M. Marak, Mikring M. Sangma and driver Tweel Marak.
Therefore, the union requests the State Government to continue to appoint a BDO in Mawkynrew Block from time to time by MCS officers so that the development works and good works can go smoothly in all aspects. , said the President in a statement.
Speaking to reporters, Prestone Tynsong said that so far there are about 5 or 6 candidates who have applied for ticket to contest the MP election from the NPP in
I will try my best to educate you and I will try my best not to discriminate whether in religion or otherwise.
The purpose of this meeting was to discuss, exchange views and learn on the 69th Anniversary (1948-2017) of the Treaties and Promises since the date of signing and ratification between the Government of India and the 2017 Hima Khasi States, signed the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement on 17 August
Shillong, Nailar 26: The Chairman of the Coordination Committee on International Border (CCIB) (CCIB) on Tuesday said that the Chief Minister of Assam Tarun Gogoi and the Chief Minister of Meghalaya have complied with the orders of the Chief Minister of Assam. the Central Government of Delhi.
There are three roads in Laitmawsiang village which have been cleaned with dewbilat and the total length of the roads is 1.80 km. T.59 lakh, but without explaining how the money was spent.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, KSU Vice President Fredrick Kharmawphlang said that at a meeting held on Saturday, the leaders of the KSU unanimously decided to continue the night curfew. The group of civil society groups stands firmly on the ground that the government should implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) across the state.
Speaking to media, the Joint Secretary of HNYF West Khasi Hill District, Bah Phaskal Nongrum, said that the Government has not been able to provide for the needs of the school since its opening. organization and has also caused problems for the teachers and the school as a whole.
The Prime Minister said that the Congress leaders have many times threatened the leaders of the parties in the coalition government, which shows clearly their desire to be in power.
The house was inaugurated by the General Secretary of the KSU Central Executive Council, Samla Donald Thabah in the presence of KSU leaders, FKJGP leaders, parents and KSU CEC Biangbor Paliar, Vice President of KSU Mawlai Circle and others.
The Himas will have to choose for themselves which of these two countries they want to go to and only a few Himas including Travancore, Hyderabad, Junagadh, Bhopal and Kashmir do not want to be in India while those many others including Gwalior, Bikaner, Baroda, Patiala and others wanted to join India.
Shillong, Lber 16: Chairman and Managing Director of Uranium Corporation of India Limited (UCIL) CC Asnani together with officials from UCIL and AMD today met with civil society organizations from Meghalaya at Pinwood Hotel. Shillong: Speaking on the occasion, the General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), Bah Robert K Jahrin, today said that the uranium mining industry in Meghalaya. The union has made it clear that as UCIL has not been able to provide information to prevent the damage caused by uranium, the union is against the proposal to mine uranium in the state.
He said that the government has said that it will go through the joint venture, he said that he wants the meeting to take a decision to send to the government and if the government says it will If you have a joint venture, don't do it now because you don't have enough employees.
He said that his father PA Sangma has a vision that for the North East they should be respected. He said that as it is now the NPP is the strongest party in the North East and this is the case. It is the beginning in Mizoram to work for the state.
He said that as indigenous people, we love cleanliness but in this change, we have been driven away like others.
In particular, the union sends a statement to the government to stop the summons of foreigners, summon the illegal immigrants in the metor area, because the incidents are not ours but the illegal immigrants' metor which shows strength and holds hands Kut Which walk there from time to time.
Shillong, Iaiong 02: A delegation of Thai government officials today met with Meghalaya government officials to discuss how Thailand can invest in Meghalaya in many fields. .
Shillong, Nailur 16: Close cooperation is needed between the Doctors of the Department of Health and the Doctors of Sla to fight against Malaria. ), in the state of Meghalaya.
The NPYF Leader said that if those who accuse corruption have evidence that those NPP leaders who are involved in corruption should lodge a complaint against them and the law will take action against them. There is no need to investigate because even the Chief Minister of the state is not above the law, he is under the law, and the CBI is investigating.
Samla Rymphang Nongsiej, former President of KSU Bengaluru Unit, has reminded the State Government of its lack of clarity on whether it will build or not build the Meghalaya House in Bengaluru. in the year
At this meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, explained the current situation of COVID-19 in the state and what the government has done to fight against the COVID-19 pandemic. the state, whether it is the number of beds, ICUs and oxygen.
Nongstoin, March 16: Through the typing of a few characters on the keyboard, a secondary school in Mawkynsah can now benefit from various e-learning initiatives of the Government of India.
Speaking at the meeting, Samla Balawan Suchiang President said that the Seng is deeply saddened by this incident which has affected the people of our country.
The Prime Minister wants to see that this market should be a clean market where people from abroad will enjoy coming to this market. Led by the Hima Mylliem, the Government shall provide support to the Hima to address the issues.
Thousands of supporters of the HSPDP party from all over the Khasi Hills attended the rally.
Other speakers on the occasion were Sonal Mishar, Inspector General of CrPF, Professor Suba. The celebration was held at the workplace in Jaiaw Langsning.
Answering additional questions by Dr Ampareen, the Minister said that the focus of the discussion is on those people who do not have a leader and the government will discuss this with the Standing Committee of the The Rajya Sabha, on the issue of Village Council, the committee set up by the government will look into this matter.
He added that in November we will hand over a document to 20 world leaders on how our youth can take the country and the world forward.
Tikrikilla of Rahinath Barchung Rabha, 46-Phulbari of Bakul Ch Hajong, 47-Rajabala of Bakul Ch Hajong, 48-Selsella of Ferlin CA Sangma, 49-Dadenggre of Braining R Marak, 50-North Tura of Adamkid M Sangma, -South Tura and Bernard N Marak, 52-Rangsakona and Dipul R Marak, 53-Ampati and Premananda Koch, 54-Mahendraganj and Tingku N Marak, 55-Salmanpara and Boston Marak, 56-Gambegre and Daniel M Sangma, 57-Dalu Akiki A Sangma, 58-Rongara Siju and Calis G Momin, 59-Chokpot and Novembirth Ch Marak 60-Baghmara and Samuel M Sangma.
The Government has taken steps for the social and economic empowerment of women, and has also taken major steps to ensure their participation in political activities.
The words of Mahatma Gandhi have been reflected in the paintings of Naisha Richmond Tariang, while the original snap of Khasi culture is reflected in the paintings of Samanda Nora Pyngrope.
At Weiking Square before the start of the meeting, there was a prayer to thank and praise the Creator and this ritual was conducted by the elders of the place and on this day there were also songs. originally from different places.
There have been major strides towards shaping solutions to the challenges of the circular economy associated with digital activities.
Two persons, Johnson Thabah, 16, and Fernanda Thabah, 23, were injured when a Mahindra Pick Up collided with another vehicle at Umsning. Ambulance 108 was called from CHC.
The government's policy is for the welfare of teachers and all students and to improve education in the state.
She said that this is not only their personal journey but also the journey of the women of the country who have not taken advantage of the opportunities outside their homes.
Shillong, July 08: Speaking at the first meeting of the NPPNECC, the President of the National People's Party (NPPNECC) Conrad K Sangma today said that the National People's Party (NPPNECC) The party has the title of “National Party” because it has now been able to convey better in Parliament the issues of the North East of India.
Shillong, March 30: One of the BSF personnel while coming from a border patrol at Muktapur village at 6.00 pm today arrested a child and a child. This action of the BSF has angered the people.
At the same time, the union demands that the Minister of Home Affairs should appoint a team of inquiry into this incident as the police at this time are like spectators. only spectators.
Police of Lumdiengjri Police Station are conducting investigation to find out the truth about the incident.
During these meetings, the Minister of Home Affairs reviewed the steps taken to restore peace and stability in Manipur which has suffered bloodshed between the two ethnic groups.
“Therefore, we have decided to pass a resolution to the State Government in which we have decided that this Notice should not affect the existing powers of the District Council. The State Government will decide how to implement the CPC and CrPC in their courts, but the District Council stands on the basis of what has always existed. “It's a decision that we have taken to send to the State Government,” he said.
This is according to a statement sent by Rgh F.Kharrubon Secretary Lum Sohpetbneng Committee of the Khasi Kmie.
He said that he will take these suggestions to the Executive Committee and requested Bah John F Kharshiing to join hands and advise the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council on many issues.
She said that the case against them is ongoing in connection with this tragic incident and up to three people have lost their lives from the same family. and that until now the sorrow and grief in their souls has not disappeared.
The Minister urged NEHU as the leading university in the state to take the lead in the development of education, income and society in Meghalaya.
This is a disease that affects our nation because our leaders do not have the responsibility and vision to do anything so that our nation will remain in its unique snap, which we have been owners of our own land for hundreds of years," said Thabah.
I will ask for more answers regarding how (the drug treatment funds) are spent," he said.
Secretary, DPIIT, Anurag Jain said that there should be more research relevant to these activities and such research should be beneficial.
The Court directed the petitioner and the NHAI to disclose the works carried out so far.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the President of the farmers' union said that the farmers' union will not stand idly by in this regard, they are working to ensure the rights of the people.
Nashier had brought a lathe machine and T.70,000 to Guwahati to build it, but when he returned from Guwahati to the place where the machine was to be brought, he received it legally. notice that he should pay Nashier T.15 lakh which is his share according to the agreement.
“These children are innocent and have nothing to do with the incident. We demand that the government should release them immediately,” she said.
With the appointment of Muktiar Bah Thangkhiew as a Judge of the High Court of Meghalaya, he will be the first judge from the tribe to reach this rank.
Bah Rngaid said the reason for holding the public meeting was because the Government has not listened to the demands of the Union despite many letters sent to the Government departments related to this issue.
She said that the purpose of this creche is to help those women who have children who earn their living by working and there are also some government employees who send and care for their children. Their children in this Creche.
The meeting was conducted by the Vice President of Nongmensong Unit Samla Lamonte Kharlyngdoh.
If we can look positively at health and hope, it won’t be long before we see a world full of healthy and happy people.
Schemes like Swachh Bharat Mission, Jal Jeevan Mission, Ujjwala, Poshan Abhiyan, Mission Indradhanush have freed people from diseases.
The opening ceremony was held on Friday with the participation of hundreds of farmers from different areas and villages of East Khasi Hills Districts. The union has received complaints from farmers from all over the country regarding the problems they face when the price of agricultural products drops compared to the cost of work. he fell more.
“When I asked for permission to sit on strike, the DC's office sent me an explanation that the Government has approved the scheme for the construction of the road.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: Meghalaya Police have received a tip from Assam Police that there has been a message sent by SMS to one of the Newslives news agencies in Guwahati that there will be a robbery. bomb at a meeting of prime ministers in Guwahati.
Kapil Jambhulkar, Director, UIDAI, Regional Office Guwahati, spoke on the efforts of people to register for Aadhaar which has been implemented in the state through the General Administration Department of Meghalaya.
Shillong, November 04: The Director of Health Services (DHS) today confirmed two deaths from COVID-19, Lasting George Marbaniang, 60, of Mawpung, Shillong and Lasting George Marbaniang, 60, of Mawpung, Shillong. The death toll from COVID-19 in Meghalaya has risen to 118 with the death of two new cases, said Luphindro M Sangma of Mellim, South Garo Hills District.
South Tura has 36 polling stations and 30,231 voters.
So far, there are 6.9 crore vehicles with FASTag and this has made it easier for the people as they don't have time to pay for entry and exit at the toll plazas set up on the National Highways.
We want to make it clear that the government should consult and listen to the Khasi Shnongs, Raids and Himas.
After conducting investigation, the bodies of the two men were taken to the Civil Hospital Nongpoh for post mortem.
Persons with disabilities must submit a Disability Certificate.
The Additional Chief Secretary, Meghalaya, today inaugurated the Umsaw Multi Purpose Water Harvesting Structure.
The new building will use green building technology with the aim of achieving GRIHA-4 Star certification.
Dustbins were also distributed to the village.
The Director General, All India Radio, N. Venudhar Reddy, senior officials of Prasar Bharti, Doordarshan and All India Radio were also present on the occasion.
Everyone from MLAs to officers, journalists and even the staff of the Assembly who took part in the budget session which started today were tested.
The doctors who arrived to provide treatment were children specialists, emergency doctors, nurses from NEIGRIHMS and officials from the state government.
Shillong, November 18: The State Election Committee of the National People's Party (NPP) has announced 40 candidates for the MLA election to the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly in They are from the constituencies of Garo Hills.
During the raid, HANM found that the area has been built as a colony and most of the people living in the area are suspected to be fire and Bangladesh.
News Delhi, July 10: The Ministry of Rural Development of the Union Government has decided to increase the housing scheme for the poor from T.48,000 to T. thousand in the land of the rich.
The farmers expressed their happiness to visit the farm of Bah Best Marwein and congratulated the leaders of the Central Body under the leadership of Bah Commander Shangpliang who have been able to lead them to this farm. you bag rep.
Dr Cruse said the main reason for the spread of the disease is through unprotected sexual intercourse where people in the rural areas get the disease.
The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) on Friday submitted a petition to the Minister of State, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh to inform him about the threat of the Karbi community against the Pnars living in the Block- He understood that they should not form any political parties in this area.
Bah Staising Kharbeteng, one of the leaders of the Bhalang of the Hima, while handing over the aid to the families of the victims, said that this donation is a sign of support. they too have that great sense of loss in such tragic events.
The construction of the Golden Jubilee Center of the state has been in progress and the construction is scheduled to be completed tomorrow morning. You can play at the JN Stadium in Polo.
Therefore, the JACAC will not hesitate to come forward and appeal to the people to cooperate so that corruption can be eradicated in the constituency.
Further improvements have been made over time in terms of the way farmers register themselves and that is verified by the states.
Leaders of various organizations will come to speak on the need to promote the Khasi language.
The Indian Air Force (IAF) has recently taken over the task of rescuing Bhutanese troops from the Bumthang area in the middle of the country. such as Thimpu where they have to travel to Guwahati.
The exploration and exploration of atomic minerals specified in Part-B of the First Schedule of the Act is carried out only by PSUs. .
The company is also linked to Congress Rajya Sabha MP from Jharkhand Dheeraj Sahu.
Furthermore, the union said that the residents have been complaining from time to time about the spread of dead cows and goats and the farmers who live near the market are not happy. The presence of this market has caused many churches to become discouraged.
It is learned that the soil that has covered the road to these houses has been cleared by a JCB as the soil has been covered severely. Police have also arrived at the scene to inspect the road. landslides.
They alleged that the government in the last five years led by the NPP has disgraced the state from the increase in corruption, and those high levels have ruled until the poor people have been oppressed.
The deceased were identified as Hawaldar Dandiram Marak BNC 607, Bipul Rabha BNC 741, Marshanstar Nongdhar of 5th Platoon of 3MLP, Camp Baghmara and others. The driver of the vehicle was identified as Rakki Sangma, Constable.
On the other hand, the District Councils will have to submit a written request at the meeting to be held next year.
In this meeting, the Minister said that they will not give any more money to GVK, this award to GVK now is only to operate as the tender invitation from those who want to operate is ongoing soon. The government will complete the transfer of the 108 Ambulances.
Shillong, March 02: Two persons from East Khasi Hills and one from West Garo Hills have tested positive for COVID-19 today. after.
The party will continue to monitor the work of the Expert Committee and will also send a letter to the government to urge the implementation of the Expert Committee.
In 2011, the Meghalaya State Planning Board, during an inspection of the roads in the border areas, visited Pilangkata, Killing, Assam, Jirang and found that most of the people living near the Meghalaya border Assam has to register its land titles with the DCs, Assam to get the necessities like BPL card, electricity, drinking water, and others, due to the difficulty and delay in getting them. Meghalaya has not developed the road due to the difficulty of the departments to reach these places due to the narrowness of the road while it is easy to enter from Assam. Many non-Khasis who have settled and acquired property within the boundaries of Mylliem, Jyrngam, Nongpoh, Khyrim, Nongspung and others cannot receive land due to the Meghalaya Transfer of Land Act. (Regulation) Act 1971, which prohibits the Hima/Elaka from granting dulir to them as land owners, while Assam recognizes them as land owners.
He also said that these works of Jesus Christ are the bright lights for the development of the country.
Shillong, March 14: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today inaugurated the Crowborugh Hotel, which has been renamed Vivanta after 36 years of operation in
Shillong, July 30: The Center for Social Justice and Governance, Tata Institute of Social Sciences, Mumbai, Maharastra, has invited Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, Meghalaya State Planning Board, & Chairman, The Grand Council of on 27th June 2014, in Mumbai, to give a talk and explanation to students from all over India who are interested in learning about the administration of the Khasi States and The topic of discussion was 'The Status of Tribal Political System within the Sixth Schedule Areas'
At the same time, the members of the union expressed many shortcomings in the hospital and the Minister promised to improve the hospital so that the people can get the best treatment. informed.
Recently, States have been encouraged to promote the participation of women Self Help Groups (SHGs) and Farmer Producer Organizations (FPOs) in the implementation of the scheme.
“It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said the leaders of the KSU.
The case is still pending before the District and Sessions Court.
The Paragliding will help to attract tourists to Meghalaya, as people from all over the world have now expressed their willingness to take part in the 2022 festival. .
On the other hand, the KSU said that in the past there was a plan to build a 450 MW power plant on the Kynshi River so that MeECL can supply electricity to the people without electricity. knowledge.
He said that if the High Mast in Motphran is handed over to the Municipal, it will be built within the next two or three days.
Shiva Thapa from Assam, Amit Panghal from Services and Sanjeet from Services won the finals of 13 bouts.
“These actions are only an attempt to mislead the voters in the Lok Sabha Elections 2024, which will be held on 19th June,
Jowai: The President of the Khasi Jaintia National Union (KJNU) in a statement, Bah Niman Shadap, on Tuesday said that the party after careful consideration has decided to give its full support to the Khasi Jaintia National Union (KJNU). The Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (CoMSO) and other organizations involved in the demand for the implementation or issuance of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state.
The shortcomings of the construction site are water, light and four walls of these houses which have already been constructed at a cost of billions of rupees and if the KHADC delays to complete you can't reach the end of the building.
In his speech, the President of Tulba Mawlai, Bah Evandor Lyndoh Nongpiur, expressed his gratitude for the opportunity to conduct this cleaning drive. The members of the Tulba have been together from the beginning to the end, and to make this cleansing a success.
KHNAM Ri Bhoi is pleased to say that the arrival of these mynder at the NEIGHRIMS Hospital by Nightsuper Buses in the early hours of the morning especially during the election of the MLAs 2018 to the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya, has caused concern. to the people of Hynniewtrep as a whole, perhaps without doubt it may be of benefit to those parties who want to destroy the small nation.
Speaking to media after the Cabinet meeting, the Chief Minister said the Cabinet today approved the Meghalaya Safety and Security Rules, 2017, along with the amendments introduced by the the Political Department.
Police have conducted checks on vehicles entering Shillong from all sides to ensure that members of the HNLC should not be allowed to cause trouble. .
Wouldn't this lead to the deterioration of education in the state through the introduction of insufficient books in various subjects? build the student’s knowledge.
In a meeting with the Head of the department, the Seng leaders expressed their concern over the application of Adhhar by the department as it is against the order of the Supreme Court.
The union has also demanded and urged the Chief Engineer that in order to avoid frequent power outages in Myriem, Rangblang, Umdohlun and Phlangdiloin, we have informed him that it is necessary to install lights. Power station at Mawsaw village.
The Lyngdoh of Sohiong Hima, has appointed Bonifast Jarain as Sordar of Dira Village, who is not of the Jana clan or a member of the Jana Clan, according to the Dulir of the Village in To be a Sordar of Dira, one must be of the Jana clan or a native of the Jana clan.
“I am very disappointed when I see that other candidates have donated to the people by building football grounds, building roads and providing medicines, and even providing picnics, while I myself have not received. “It's not like I'm going to be able to do anything, but today I'm encouraged again because I've seen that the people have started to understand the need for a clean and transparent environment free from money laundering,” said Nehemaya Tygan.
The Nongtung Raid in Block II is the raid under the Nartiang Local Government Area.
The Commission has confirmed that it will consider all the issues raised by the members of Trade and Industry when submitting their views.
These days there have been reports of water shortages.
Pala said that no allegation has been sent to James. Regarding James, he said that there is no allegation. He has been appointed to look after Mawphlang, but Please call the MLAs, MDCs and Youth Presidents to help the Congress.
The curfew will come into force from today 12th November 2019 from 10.00 PM until further notice.
Shillong, Nailur 05: As part of the celebration of the 175th Anniversary of Khasi Literacy, the Khasi Authors' Society (KAS) has held a symposium on “Literacy begins with ABK” at Nabon Sawian. Memorial Secondary School, Mawmluh is one of the first schools in Ri Khasi and was founded by Rev. Thomas Jones I in
Shillong, Jymmang 14: At present, social media is the fastest source of news every minute to everyone.
He congratulated the people of the state who have strengthened their reputation as people who have a close relationship with the environment.
To prevent the employment of children in factories, the government has appointed District Task Force Committees (DTFC) headed by the Deputy Commissioner of the District, in the presence of the Police and the Department of Home Affairs. Labor Department of the Government.
At present, Meghalaya's exports to Bangladesh have reached T.600 crore while the state's imports from Bangladesh have reached only T.30 crore.
Other speakers included MPCC President Dr C Lyngdoh and John F Kharshiing.
At the same time, Bah Khlur Sing Lyngdoh, President of the party, gave his approval to the nine newly appointed branches of the BJP.
“The people of our country, 140 crore citizens, never ran back from hard work.
In today's world, there is no rain, no blood, no blood, don't lose the knowledge of God.
In this incident, the residents of the village have gathered men and women to protest against the actions of the Assam police but they have not listened and have admitted that the village falls under the Kamrup District of Assam.
The State Government should pass a resolution in the Assembly on this issue and send the proposal to the Government of India.
What has been missing in the past is the lack of participation of the village leaders.
In another incident, Shillong Police today arrested Cardinal Shabong from Raitsamthiah on charges of involvement in the shooting at Lumdiengjri police station last year.
Only the MDCs from the United Democratic Forum (UDF) attended the meeting while those from the United Democratic Alliance (UDA) did not attend the meeting. This meeting to discuss the life and death of the nation.
Shillong, November 12: The Union of Village Youth Societies (SSSS), in collaboration with the Raid Nongblai Youth Society, today conducted a training program to develop the youth in leadership positions and also to improve the society.
Groups from Assam will perform Rukmini-Haran, a traditional or cultural program of the region.
The Chief Inspector Sadar of Khliehriat is requested to contact the Chief Inspector Sadar of Khliehriat at 6009118372, Officer. in charge, Khliehriat Police Station number 6009110105.
Shillong, June 17: The National People's Party (NPP) President Cornad K Sangma today led 15 MDCs before the Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik at Raj Bhavan Shillong. NPP MDCs, GNC 1 MDC and 3 independent MDCs total 15 MDCs during the meeting with the Governor. , in the 29-member Assembly, the Garo Hills Democratic Collision (GDC) has won the majority.
Shillong, Nailur 24: All the political parties with MDCs in the KHADC today attended a meeting convened by Bah Teinwell Dkhar Chief Executive Member to discuss the amendment of the Constitution. the Sixth Schedule of the Central Government.
The KSU said that the company's inability to issue a contract between the village and the company shows that they have something behind the scenes to hide from the public. unit Nongtrai which fights for the people.
It also demanded the establishment of Collection Centers and Cold Storage, the implementation of labeling and food processing and the establishment of more markets.
At the same time, the union appeals to the residents to be strict and respect the village rules and to cooperate especially during these times of COVID-1
In a letter, Bah Sanbor said that the CMSAP scheme is a monthly assistance to the poor households mentioned above but now the government has been receiving assistance for 10 months. she did not pay this money that belonged to the poor.
The important thing is to know the employment opportunities in these factories, this should not only be in Ri Bhoi District but also in the state as a whole. the government wants to see that the state should have factories.
More than 30 varieties of shynrai are grown in India and shynrai is grown in more than 20 states in the country.
It is requested that there will be no wit ka wa on the 2nd of June.
Of these 19 cases, 6 cases are in Meghalaya, 3 cases in Mizoram and 10 cases in Tripura. In Meghalaya, two cases are on deaths in illegal coal mines. One person has been killed in the hands of police in West Jaintia Hills.
Members of the union in the presence of members of the village authority have seized the documents of those who have allowed themselves to live and own in Lakroh village which is located in Amlarem Sub Division which borders with the village authorities. in Bangladesh.
At the inauguration ceremony, it was said that out of the T.700 crore, T.350 crore has been allocated for Garo Hills and T.350 crore for Khasi Hills. Also present on the occasion were Thomas A Sangma, Marcuise N Marak, Rakkam A Sangma and Ram Singh.
On the other hand, the KSU Jaintia Hills Unit said that this Behdienkhlam should be part of the celebration of the Jaidbynriew. The Corona virus, which is known as Covid-19, has swept the world.
The competition was opened on the 4th of this month by James.
Shillong, Nailur 15: Answering a supplementary question by Adelbert Nongrum on the water shortage, the Minister in charge of Water Supply, Bah Reniktone L Tongkhar, said that the water supply has been falling for 40 days. is the expansion of the water pipes from 750 to 1000 mm and this causes the water to become dry.
Kimfa S Marbaniang was accompanied by Zenith Sangma at the office of the Commissioner and Secretary of the Legislative Assembly.
The previous attempt to escape from the prison was in 2009 when 13 people tried to escape by beating and kicking staff.
Tura, Naitung 26: U R Marak, a policeman who was injured in a bomb blast in Garo Hills yesterday, died at a hospital in Guwahati.
Krongding Nongbsap General Secretary of the party said that the party warns against the Rangbah Shnongs who allow and protect foreigners from entering the villages.
This law shall not apply immediately until further notice.
Education should be available to all young people and this is why it is necessary to have laws to prevent overcrowding.
The rules for the establishment of schools are that in urban areas the land should not be less than 2.5 acres and in rural areas it should be 3.5 acres. The founder of the school must have the funds to pay the salary and maintenance of the school for three months.
On this occasion, the Governor of Meghalaya also presented the Tirot Sing Award to Dr Phervision Nongtdu, the Tirot Sing Award in the field of literature, the U Eugene K. Marak was awarded the prize for the game.
The procedure for issuing (General) and De Novo recognition, the location of the Center outside the institution, the requirements for obtaining this recognition, the procedure, and others are governed by the UGC Regulations. .
In MHIS Phase-3, it is proposed to increase the insurance coverage from Rs 2 Lakh to Rs 2,80,000 and for special circumstances, the insurance coverage has been increased from Rs 1,70,0 to Rs 2,50,000, and this time they will use again the Electoral Roll January 2016 as the registration book and the registration fee is only Rs 50 tyngka, for one year.
We have received the names of them (suspected drug dealers) and we will follow up through the drug trafficking department so that drug dealers should not be allowed to stay in this area.
Shillong, Lber 05: The Government today has not sent any statement regarding the strike by the contract teachers of Government LP Schools in Meghalaya who have been dismissed from the contract teaching post. at Malki Square.
The purpose of the screening is to explain to the public that it should not be led only by government officials to explain but also by private individuals who have knowledge.
: The Tourism Department of the State Government has awarded the Tourism Promoter Trekking Society (TPTS) Wahkhen, the group that has taken the lead in promoting Mawryngkhang as a tourist destination in Wahkhen by building a road. Walk on foot in the middle of the night to reach Mawryngkhang.
Other venues are in front of the statue of Kiang Nangbah, Motphran, Laitumkhrah and GolfLinks.
He said that the increase in the light bill may be due to the fact that the MePDCL employees have taken twice the light bill and how can it reach tens of thousands of rupees? said Peter Lawai, Rangbah Shnong.
The group also requests all the 7 leaders of Jaintia Hills to turn their attention to the development of the region so that the youth can benefit in many fields and especially in sports. Jaintia Hills has produced many sportsmen through various sports associations of Jaintia Hills and the inclusion of Jaintia Hills in the National Games will bring more benefits to the region and the state. whole.
Shillong, Nailur 22: In the preparations for the MDC elections in 2024, the party has to contest against the emerging party before the MLA elections in
There is no reason why the government should not encourage them to stop illegal activities or illegal activities even after many years of violence.
Shillong, June 16: Among the hospitals in Group B, NEIGRIHMS has been selected to receive the KAYAKALP AWARDS along with a cash prize of T.1.5 crore for the year 2017-2
The driver of the Chevrolet was identified as Satyam Prasad, 17, and the driver of the Scooty was identified as Gyanendra Singh,
The injured were taken to Shillong Civil Hospital by Ambulance 108 for treatment.
Shillong, July 01: Police have received a complaint from the family members of a child who was raped by a man named Robert Ch Sangma. The child is now armed.
“We have requested to train the Child Welfare Committees and to train them on what has not been prepared by the NCPCR to prevent such incidents.
Each department is supporting and participating in the SHS campaign in unique ways.
We regret the negligence and negligence of the Government of Meghalaya and also the Government of India.
Recently, the Textiles Department, Government of Meghalaya, in collaboration with NEHHDC, They have launched a pilot project on “Introduction of Digital Industry in Handloom Industry” at Umden – DiwonEri Silk.
Shillong, Iaiong 11: Police of Ri Bhoi District on receiving a tip that some people were riding in a bus carrying drugs, on this information, conducted a search operation. Vehicles heading to Guwahati from Silchar pass through Ri Bhoi.
Shillong, Nailur 19: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (NYF) has sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of Taxes, VR Chalam, to clarify the revenue collected by the government from the team leaders in the state.
Others who attended the function were Vincent H Pala MP Shillong, HDR Lyngdoh Minister of Home Affairs, High Commissioner of India to Bangladesh HV Shringla and Head of the Land Ports Authority of India.
The NEC has played a significant role in the socio-economic development of the North East and has provided assistance to many projects for infrastructure and other measures for development in all the states of the region.
The President of the NPYF has urged all churches or any other organizations that invite the party to any meeting to send letters to the party office in Lachumier, if they send anywhere else. the party will not be notified.
He said that in 2022, 116 cases have been registered under the NDPS Act and 234 people have been arrested and in 2023 alone, 183 cases have been registered and 349 people have been arrested. .
The Dobar Shnong Dymmiew has held a public meeting to explain the dangers of drug abuse in collaboration with the KJP Synod Mihngi.
Kharbani said it cannot be said that at the time of independence with the presence of JJM Nicols Roy in the Drafting of the Constituent Assembly, the Sixth Schedule was obtained and in The state has received the Land Transfer Act to protect the people, but according to the passage of time these are not enough and the ILP is needed to protect the minorities.
The announcement was signed by Bah DP Wahlang Additional Chief Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya in charge of the Ministry of Home Affairs and Works. day.
He said that so far there has been no restriction on the price of the trophy either from the government or the Meghalaya Football Association.
Other speakers at the opening ceremony were Bah Hamletson Dohling, Archbishop Dominic Jala, Bah Endra Kharkongor, President, School Managing Committee and Fr Paulose Palamattam, Secretary of the School.
The vehicle bearing the number plate ML02 0437 was handed over to the police station.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills has received information that there will be protests such as sit-ins and marches planned by some political parties in the district.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: U Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy today donated T.3.5 lakh tyngka for the treatment of Heimon U-ru Mukhim, 14 years old.
Shillong, July 03: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong today launched the Tika campaign for those between the ages of 15 to 18 years at Rynjah State. Dispensary.
Bobeeta Sharma, who was appointed by the AICC to speak on the issue, said everyone was aware of Rahul Gandhi's nomination as a Lok Sabha member.
In these newspapers published in Khasi and English, they have pointed out that the reason for the backwardness of the country and the state is due to corruption and this corruption has increased the value of human beings. person.
Shillong, Nailur 4: The Khasi Jaintia Deficit School Teachers Association (KTESA) together with the Garo Hills Deficit School Teachers Association (KDAE) has congratulated all the teachers who will receive the Teachers Award. day awards" The day was held at the District, State and National levels.
The Government sees that roads should be built because through roads income can be increased and through them all the residents can benefit. adequate health facilities for the public.
The funeral service was attended by the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem PM Syiemlieh who was the chief guest. Diengdoh who was the chief guest, the Nonglait Kur Lyngdoh, the Sordar of Nongrmai, Bah Shailes Nongrang and others.
“The issuance of trading license by KHADC in the past under the leadership of the new EC of Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit is commendable.
He said that some of them have gone to Delhi to demand not to grant ILP in the state. On the other hand, the President of the KSU said that if those who have gone to demand not to grant ILP in the state, It is better for them to leave Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the Central Government Company is ready to provide food allowance of up to T.15000/- to those who will be selected for special training.
The Prime Minister's Secretary said that the closure of the borders will not allow people to enter and leave the country as well as vehicles except those notified by the government.
The issuance of the letter for the purchase of these vehicles was made on 15th July 2020 by the DTC and the DMRC in November 2019. lyner which was very strong in the city.
In the first category, three candidates scored 553 marks including Raina Pradhan of St. Margaret's Higher Secondary School, Shillong, Lapynkhamti Kharkongor of Auxillium Girls Higher Secondary School, Shillong and Reesa Ee Christine Suting of Auxillium Girls Higher Secondary School, Shillong. North Liberty Higher Secondary School, Jowai.
Posting advertisements without permission, using more vehicles than permitted, damaging property, displaying firearms and intimidation and also to prevent the benefit of elected leader.
Speaker of the Goa Legislative Assembly Rajendra Arlekar came to witness this special religious ceremony of this small community. crowd.
Shillong, Lber 14: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) War Jaintia Circle (KSU) is deeply saddened by the illegal smuggling of trucks smuggling stone into Bangladesh which is beyond the border of trade.
In his condolence message, Bah Hek said that Vajpayee was the first Prime Minister of the country from the BJP. This death is a great loss to the entire country.
Speaking to media after the meeting, the CEM of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla, said that the Kurs who attended the meeting gave their support to the The KHADC has not introduced this Bill for the purpose of recognizing the Dorbar Kurs by law.
MR said that in these times of crisis, it is the duty of the society to take care of children and encourage them for a better future.
Jowai, March 06: U Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, Arunkumar Kemphavi together with Executive Engineer North PWD Division, Bah Louis Kharmawlong on Tuesday inspected the construction of the bridge on the Kureliya River. The Superintendent of Police said that if the work goes smoothly in July 2017, the bridge will be opened.
Many roads and bridges have been flooded in Trikikilla, Selsella and a bridge in Ganol River.
The BSF has stepped up its patrolling on the border with Bangladesh.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Children's Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Bah KM Syiem, said that the Hima has been preparing for a long time to visit the exact place where the great Syiem of the Hima has been. He died in Decca, now known as Dhaka, Bangladesh.
Prime Minister Duh said the mission across the country to meet the demand for edible oils aims to increase the palm oil area by 6 lakh hectares.
The union also sent a statement to the VC that if the students face problems due to the immediate resignation of the Vice Chancellor of NEHU to all groups on the NEP, the blame and responsibility will be on the VC. Enlang Sawian, Secretary Education Secretary, HYC, said in a statement.
Shillong, Lber 17: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has issued an order to all those who own licensed firearms to leave them at the nearest police stations. Lok Sabha MP elections have been announced.
Regarding the threat against the leader of HANM Jaintia Hills, at the time of writing of this news, the police have not yet arrested Lucas for the threat against the leader of HANM Jaintia Hills. you are HANM. (SP News).
These measures removed distractions and liberalized these industries, following the belief in 'Innovate, Work Hard and Innovate' which ensured a significant improvement in India's ability to produce The production increased from 102 lakh tonnes in 2014-15 to 161 lakh tonnes in 2020-2
This was discovered through a search under the RTI (Right to Information) Act, 2005 by Arlin Dkhar from Khliehtryshi.
The Prime Minister said that this budget is a plan for the next 50 years, this is the beginning in which the government has already allocated the areas that have to be take action to develop the state.
This figure comes after the deadline for nominations ended today.
The rally was conducted by NPP MP Conrad K Sangma and the MLAs who attended the rally were James K Sangma, Nahim D Shira of the NPP and UDP. UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy, Dr Jemino Mawthoh, Paul Lyngdoh and Titos Starwell Chyne were also present.
He said that there are 13 areas in Mawsynram Constituency and the villages under these 13 areas will receive this assistance.
There have been 13 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 11 cases from East Jaintia Hills, 1 case from East Jaintia Hills and 1 case from West Khasi Hills. .
Forty children from different villages of West Jaintia Hills District have come to take part in the Youth Leadership Training and Community Development Program organized by the Society of Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) at Moosakhia village from 23rd to 1st of July of this year.
During his visit, Patil held a review meeting with the officers of the department in charge of village works.
Even to establish or create a new religion does not matter because the Constitution of India does not prohibit or prohibit doing so.
He said that most of the divisions and differences of opinion in various groups or organizations and in society arise due to the desire for honour, lack of mutual respect and selfishness.
Therefore, it is important for government authorities and organizations or groups to work together to support the displaced so that they can return to their villages and resettle in their own homes.
This action of the government is to anger the youth to turn against the members of the party.
The ban on taxis and auto rickshaws in these districts will be on 23rd and 26th October
There are 14 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 1 from Ri Bhoi, 1 from West Garo Hills and 1 from West Garo Hills. There are 83369 cases in the state so far.
They also agreed that there is a serious problem with traditional rule because of the attacks of party rule, which confuse and challenge the Riti Dustur and traditional rule for the benefit of self-government.
On the Government's amendment to the MRSSA, 2016, Samla Lambokstarwell said, “When you have not implemented the law, how can you talk about the amendment.
Jowai, Iaiong 24: The AJYWO Central Body (AJYWO) has strongly warned against some wine stores in East Jaintia Hills District which have not opened beyond the time set by the government. The union has also warned against such kiad shops to take strict action against them according to the rules of law if it finds them in the future.
The Syiem of Hima Khyrim said that the young girls who took part in this dance are young and the elderly can take part in this dance once a year.
“The AJYWO is a voluntary organization which has nothing to do with politics or any political party but is a voluntary organization from for the good of the society and also of the country and the nation,” said Bah Dkhar.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The Superintendent of Police (SSP) has arrested Phurly Suting, 52, of Umtasor village, Birksuid District. Nongpoh Police Station Case No.50(5)2024 U/S 451/302 IPC on
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The three day Raid Mylliem, which ended today at Lum Shillong, was conducted by Bah Deming Nongkhlaw. They were slaughtered by a ryngkuh cow and a strong man in the presence of the ministers and the king of the kingdom, Ainam Syiem.
Police have opened the box and found explosives such as dynamite, bullets and pistols.
There are 5 cases of COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, 20 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 312 cases in East Khasi Hills, 2 cases in North Garo Hills, 27 cases in Ri Bhoi, 15 cases in South West Garo Hills and , West Jaintia Hills 18 and West Khasi Hills
Pipulbari village is located on the border of Meghalaya and Assam, about 48 km from Tura and falls under Garobadha police station.
The aspiration of our country for independent governance and a bright future has already been expressed by this new Parliament.
On this occasion, the Rangbah Shnong also seized his vehicle.
The child (foreigner) who was shot went home and there was no complaint and the police went to the house and sent him to the Thanat and he gave a written statement and they sent him ( They arrested him and took him to Sadar Police Station,” he said.
At the ongoing 5th Meghalaya Games in Tura, Meban has wowed the audience with three Gold Medals.
“The Khasi Author Society has organized this two-day conference in New Delhi as a step to convey to the authorities of the Government of India the demand for the recognition of the Khasi language and its inclusion in the Sixth Schedule of the Khasi Language. The Constitution of India has been the demand of the people of Meghalaya for four years.
Because the inheritance in her tribe belongs only to one, while the other children, whether daughters or sons, do not receive any inheritance.
Shah said that this will attract tourists and will contribute to the tourism industry of Meghalaya. Shah said that the country is united because of the presence of the armed forces. protected in the border areas of the country.
He said that till today the food items are still sufficient and the DCs have been directed to ensure that there should be no oversold of food items and it should be at the price fixed.
The Dorbar Ki Khlieh Nongsynshar expresses its deep sorrow over the loss of one of the Rishot in the politics of this state and we will always remember this rangbah who encouraged, guided, supported and advised the path. He has served as the Leading MLA to the Legislative Assembly of the State as Minister, Deputy Chief Minister and Chief Minister in the past years and also as the Speaker of the State.
After the counting of votes, the Speaker Dr Donkupar Roy announced that Timothy has won the election.
The CSWO also requests for the cooperation between the District Council, the Syiems and the Dorbar Shnongs in order to preserve the customs and traditions of the Khasi-Khara people in the Bri u Hynniewtrep.
Shillong, March 20: U Bah Paul Lyngdoh EM in charge of the Town Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today decided to abolish the four Town Committees. Town Committees in three villages.
The British made Sohra the capital of Assam Province in 1832, but due to heavy rainfall in Sohra they moved the capital to Shillong and 19 years later they built Shillong. Cantonment Board.
Regarding the sale of khuti in the market, he said that in fact it should not increase too much, but the MCCI cannot say anything about the sale of khuti in the shops. Look only at the commonality and the increase is due to the increase in prices from the common markets in the sugar producing states.
Shillong, Nailur 12: Total number of COVID-19 cases in Shillong today has risen to 168, 124 from East Khasi Hills, 14 from Ri Bhoi, 4 from South West Khasi Hills, 17 from West Garo Hills 1.
The organizers are also waiting for instructions regarding all the arrangements especially the financial support from the Meghalaya State Olympic Association and especially from the Department of Sports and Youth Affairs Government of Meghalaya regarding the trip. Athletes participate in the 3rd North East Olympic Games 2024 in Nagaland.
