Idashisha Nongrang, an IPS officer, was sworn in as the new Director General of Police (DGP) of Meghalaya on Tuesday.
Jowai, July 02: The AJYWO Central Body in a statement issued by Bah MH Dkhar, President of the AJYWO, wishes a Happy New Year to all the children of Jaintia Hills. the whole of Hynniewtrep.
According to a report published on the Youtube Channel RS Kharbani, two former MPs of the state, the MP from Tura and the MP from Shillong, have received They also included the incumbent MP in the Rajya Sabha, Dr WR Kharlukhi.
The traffic jam was also caused by the overflow of vehicles on both sides of the road.
All Indiane LPG users are advised to book in advance to fill their tanks by calling the following numbers according to the name of their shop, Khasi Pnar Gas Agency: 2243456, 7308322227, 7308322228.
New Delhi 23: The Asian Center for Human Rights today sent a letter to the United Nations to complain about the violence against women in India.
The students of NEHU under the umbrella of NEHUSU have demanded the immediate dismissal of Nantu Das on charges of rape of a woman.
Shillong, November 29: Seven junior kickboxers of the Meghalaya State Kickboxing Association (MSKA) have won three gold, three silver and one bronze medals in The WAKO India National Cadets and Junior Championship 2021 was held in Pune from 21′′ – 25th November 2021 organized by the Kickboxing Sports Association Maharashtra. of Kickboxing Organizations (WAKO) IF, Italy.
About 82 lakh voters are disabled, 2.2 lakh are over 100 years old and 48,000 thousand are Third Gender.
We haven't closed the door, we're open to everyone," he added.
The inauguration ceremony was held at the Laitumkhrah Cathedral in the presence of the Lyngdoh Sad and Sohblei of the state along with the dignitaries of the state.
The President recalled that many of the leaders of Jaintia Hills have won from the HSPDP, Onward L Nongtdu and others. There are three MLAs and 13 MDCs. The HSPDP party has won the election, so the par is no longer new.
Bah Paul Lyngdoh has been appointed to the Khasi Heritage and Education Departments.
The Union Minister of State for Home Affairs said that the world is now fighting against global warming and climate change.
Speaking to reporters, Kong Laloo said that the government has declared containment in Shillong to prevent the spread of COVID-1 I don't know what to do.
The test from Khanapara to 13 Miles and 9 Miles in Ri Bhoi District has been completed and all of them are negative. at Greenwood Resort Assam.
The reason why the company wants to cancel is that the land allocated for the construction of the power plant is insufficient, according to the soskular signed, the land will generate electricity. Prestone said the government will prepare an Expression of Interest for those power plants in the state.
In fact, instead of naming Meghalaya, the name “Khasi-Jaintia & Garo State” should have been changed to J&K State.
To start the project, DoNER will allocate a Venture Capital Fund to start projects for the youth in the area and the Youth Affairs Department will assist the youth through the Nehru Yuva. Kendra and other youth centres.
One of them is the Musical Category and Aero Kickboxing.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has said that since the beginning of the outbreak, 93793 people have tested positive, 92193 people have recovered and 1593 people have died. .
Police said that according to the investigation, the relatives of the deceased have suspected that Bikostar Rynjah has killed his mother Hedrin Rynjah. do this thing he went to the forest to hang himself.
The death toll has risen to 7 in East Khasi Hills, 4 in Ri Bhoi, 1 in South Garo Hills and 1 in South Garo Hills. 906 so far.
Firmly believing in this, I ask for your support in 7 themes that are.
The screening will be held on 3rd March, 2023 at Civil Hospital, Mawkyrwat, 10th March, 2023 at Ranikor Community Health Center (CHC), 17th March, 2023 at Mawthawpdah Primary Health Center (PHC) and on 31st March at Wahkaji Primary Health Center (PHC).
Shillong, Nailur 23: The Superintendent of Police, Bah Maxwell B Syiem, today said that till 4.15 pm, the F&ES, SDRF and Home Guard teams have been working hard. Three persons from Mawjai village have been rescued from Warsan Lyngdoh.
The Students Union has also demanded the construction of an additional classroom at a cost of Rs 2 crore from the central government.
Rutherford Lyngdoh, General Secretary, Mawkyrwat Circle.
The Seng sends its blessings to this young leader that through these three awards they will also become three pillars to build the society and the nation as a whole. Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang is a great honor not only for himself but also for his family, community, nation, Seng and the North Eastern Region of India as a whole. .
The introduction of these two FSWs in Meghalaya comes along with a project worth T.0.95 crore.
KSU Mawlai Circle, KSU Umrynjah Unit and KSU Umrynjah Unit have visited Umjynjah Village in Mawlai Constituency to provide assistance to children from low income families. .
He said that all the MLAs have been elected without knowing who will form the government, but now they know that if the Sohiong MLA is elected, the MLA will be elected who is not in the government. u Shabi, said that now he will give the key to the people.
It is incomprehensible that at this time the Meghalaya government has decided to increase the tax on petrol and diesel through the Value Added Tax to fill the government's budget.
The match was very interesting in which the players of both sides fought hard to score the goal.
The treatment was conducted at Omkhawa village in East Khasi Hills District in the presence of Sandip, Commandant 110 of BSF in the presence of other senior officers.
Those who wish to attend the meeting must present their voter ID card or ID of the school where the students are studying. those who wish to register, edit or change their voting form.
The Governor of Meghalaya said that even those leaders of the insurgent groups have returned to the right path. They have been living together for 70 years as a country and this has been seen in the past.
The Australian Consul General expressed her satisfaction to hear of the MSOA's support for the DSYA in using Australian Olympians to train sportsmen and expressed her satisfaction that the state Meghalaya has made progress like other states in India.
He said that he has sent a DO letter to the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma for six months to request for the share of JHADC in the mineral resources, but no action has been taken yet. Yes, the money collected in the form of mineral resources tax goes to the NGT and from the NGT sends the money to the Mining. Geology Department and the funds will be released to the districts according to their receipts.
From the Nongbri Constituency, Bah Marbelstar Warjri was elected as the Chief Executive Officer and Bah Pynshailang Warjri was elected as the Vice President; The Chief Secretaries are Bah Boksing Warjri and Bah Tairos Warjri.
Regarding sports, the District Council has received an assistance of Rs. 100,000 from the government. This money will be shared with fellow MDCs to implement the project and through this money, a sports ground will be built in New Shillong. T.20 lakh has been allocated for Art and Culture. This is to support the Shad Weiking, Nongkrem and other dances in the Hima which preserve the customs and traditions. T.20 lakh has been allocated for the payment of food allowances of the MDCs as at present there are 30 MDCs. To receive their pension and this amount will be only until October 2024, T.24 lakh has already been paid to the MDCs.
It is learned that in the past, when the traw was full, the whole house was covered, but now due to the lack of traw, only one side of the house has been covered. They brought a stick or two sticks and put them inside the house.
The Primary Unit was confirmed by the Chief Publicity Secretary of the party.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the President of the CSWO said that the CSWO supports those who called for the Bharat Band today. rape of women has increased.
"The future of the world's economy and humanity is in the hands of Gen Z. Today's youth are born in a digital world, connected to all countries. and which is constantly changing amid doubts.
The Bri U Hynniewtrep and the North East are not the places where Narendra Modi's certificates are issued.
The RPF has seized the ganja brought to the Railway Station during their searches from time to time and many times they have arrested these smugglers.
These old water pipes have been installed since 1998 through the Barato Water Supply Scheme which has been implemented at a cost of more than T.2 crore but now these pipes are no longer available. the life of these pipes is said to be only about 15 years.
Shillong, Lber, 14: All India Radio Shillong (AIR) in collaboration with the Art and Culture Department of Meghalaya Government today evening held a song competition at the So So Tham Auditorium. the “Nathwei of the past”.
This reply was on the Zero Hours issue raised by Telenia Thangkhiew MDC of the SHPDP, on the report that Rs 2 crore has been deposited into the account of a private individual. .
We are confident that if the Central Government takes action to end this process, it should be easy,” said Singh.
“Modikamut's assurance is an assurance of implementation,” he said, speaking on the assurances of the needs of the poor, women, youth and farmers.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma on Friday honored the students who passed the examination conducted by the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE) at the Meghalaya Education Symposium. Testimony by Minister of Education Rakkam A. Sangma at a meeting held at Shillong International Center for Performing Arts and Culture (SICPAC).
In his speech, the Chief Minister said that earlier this month, Meghalaya will pay tribute to the 189th death anniversary of the freedom fighter from Meghalaya, Tirot Sing Syiem.
Many of the activities under the Megha-Lamp Project of MBDA are to encourage farmers to produce more crops and machinery plays a major role in helping in the development of agriculture. the river, said the prime minister.
Therefore, we don't know whether the BJP will keep these promises as stated in the Policy Statement of the BJP for Meghalaya.
Therefore, he appealed to the people of the state to continue to hold on to the path of democracy as we move forward to achieve development.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: Due to the sudden outage of Reliance Mobile, Reliance Mobile users today went to the office of the District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum, East Khasi Hills. .
“The subjects related to these studies, we will take care to accept the NCERT texts and we will republish them in our own books but the texts will be followed according to the NCERT rules," he added.
The Seng relies on the law and the police department where the perpetrators should be arrested and prosecuted under the laws of the country,” said Bah Sohtun.
The foundation stone of this garment manufacturing plant was laid in 2015 by Santosh K Gangwar with the aim of promoting the garment manufacturing industry in the North East of India.
The BJP Meghalaya State Unit sends its condolences to the family of Vajpayee and prays that God will grant him eternal rest.
All Chief Electoral Officers and District Electoral Officers have been directed to post public notices in a manner that is suitable for the public to know. all and also to voluntary organizations.
As Ri Bhoi District borders with Assam and many factories have been established, the works have been carried out in the presence of the MLA, Deputy Commissioner and Superintendent of Police. to see that work is completed promptly.
On the other hand, Bah DD Lapang said that there is a difference of opinion within the party and this has already been taken to the former General Secretary Narayan Sawamy. The Congress party is a big party and there are differences of opinion but they can resolve them within the party.
Speaking to reporters, Metbah said that the announcement to upgrade the Mairang Civil Sub Division to a district was made by the Chief Minister Cornad at a public meeting at Mawnai on 31st October from this ban is delayed.
The complaint also states that the village from time to time has discussed this issue with the doctor in charge of the PHC, but all these discussions have been in vain. It has also affected the hard work of the staff who are at this place day and night to provide services to the sick.
He spoke about the success of India's first solar mission – Aditya-L1 and the immediate rescue of 21 people on board the ship in the Arabian Sea by the Indian Navy. achievements show that India is an emerging power in the world.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Tining Dkhar, Commissioner and Secretary to the State Government in charge of Social Welfare, said that the struggle is now to provide nutritious food to the people of the state. It is the struggle of the people which will begin this month.
The union is pleased that the state government should immediately resolve this issue which may affect even in the future and appoint a qualified officer, Bah Hector Marwein. .
Kochi-Koottanad-Bangalore-Mangalore (Ph-II) Pipeline Project (KKBMPL): The development of the Kochi-Kottanad-Managlore-Bangalore pipeline (KKBMPL) and the Ennore-Thiruvallur-Bengluru-Puducherry-Nagapatinam-Madurai- Tuticorin Pipeline (ETBPNMT) is still in progress.
There were 14271 Bachelors' Degree graduates, 1474 Bachelors' Degree graduates and 12797 graduates in their absence.
The Border Coordination Committee will discuss the illegal activities on the border between the two countries and the violation of the construction of Inspection Bungalows on the border of Meghalaya. , Assam, Tripura and Mizoram and the discussion will also focus on the presence of insurgents in northern Bangladesh.
The dewbilat factory has been suspended since October 2020 due to the outbreak of COVID-1 and has not produced dewbilat yet.
: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District, Kong RM Kurbah, on Friday revised the odd and even numbers for commercial vehicles, namely STPS Buses, SSPTS-Maxi Cabs and local Taxi color iong & stem) to enter Khyndai Lad and Motphran which are the busiest markets for the people to come and buy pets.
The meeting demanded that the government should immediately stop the search for the leaders of the Bhalang. Instead of searching for them, the government should consider implementing the ILP. Replying to the UDP's demand that the ILP should be implemented with new rules, the president of KHNAM said that it can be anything but that the people of KHNAM should be implemented with new rules. Meghalaya is the state of Meghalaya.
Besides, the residents of Dawki, Sohra and other tourist areas have complained that the closure of the dam has affected their livelihood.
Speaking to reporters, the Chairman of the PAC, Bah Charles Pyngrope, said that the summons to the officers of the Ministry of Agriculture today is that according to the report of the CAG, the Ministry of Agriculture has deposited the money in two banks up to T.9 crore unused for the year 2007-2
The Constitution of India has provided for a democratic constitution in which all religions shall have freedom of worship, the people shall work freely and all shall be united.
Mansing Gorkhali, 59, was injured when a car hit him while he was walking on the road of Umsamlem village. He was taken to Umsning CHC for treatment.
The theme of the Fest was “Celebrating Culture – Connecting People – Transforming Life”.
On his way back from Ampati, Conrad stopped at Titkrikilla to talk to the farmers as it was a market day.
The two-day festival is also to celebrate the 75th Anniversary of India and the 50th Anniversary of Meghalaya. Participants from all over the Khasi Jaintia Hills.
The Chief Guest said that the Act I (late) Bah Martin N Majaw as Minister for 13 months passed the Act on 7th June 1978 and it was published in the Gazette on 8th June
“I handed over the detailed report and I also showed the presentation to him and he expressed his satisfaction to see the various works that have been accomplished in this state and he expressed his satisfaction especially that all the development work allocated for the state in the last five years has doubled in the last five years, which is almost three times what it used to be 5-6 years ago, " he said.
This does not mean to blame the KSU for its activities to the people of Bri Hynniewtrep but this is a tool to make all the members of the Jaitbynriew understand that they should take responsibility to protect their country. If the Government of India does not grant those demands which the people of Hynniewtrep have long demanded.
Shillong Police on Tuesday evening arrested two members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) South Khasi Hills District Unit for trial. They were arrested from Wah-U-Tim and Saitsohpen, Sohra on the midnight of the first day.
Gavin M Mylliem, MLA Sohra was the chief guest and Bah L Kynjing, SDO (Civil), Sohra Civil Sub-Division was the Chief Guest.
The Sengbhalang said that if the government implements the Comprehensive Mechanism sent by the 13 Sengbhalang to the government, it will be of benefit to the small paid people of our country. you are a stranger.
He said that with the availability of modern health facilities, people will get better health care and there will be a time when this problem will be eradicated from the society.
He said that in 2014, the Dorbar Shnong had decided to get a contract between Nongtrai and Lafarge, but until now the residents of the village do not have this document. The union has requested RTI from the office of the Rangbah Shnong, Bah B Lyngdoh.
On the other hand, the President of the BJP said the aim of the party is to strengthen the party in collaboration with the office bearers of various districts and units.
The Sengbah Nongshat Nunkheiñ of Bri Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum on Tuesday held its 10th Annual Thanksgiving Service at its headquarters in Bañiun, Upper Shillong.
In a letter signed by the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District on 22/Lber/2024, they said that they have submitted a tender for the distribution of food items for the MP Election 2024 and till now they have not received. any information whether they have received or not, but they have received information given only to one person to distribute food.
The seized goods were handed over to the Custom office for further action.
The group informed Bah John that these openings for Indians to travel abroad have been since the Prime Minister Narendra Modi introduced policies to allow Indians to travel abroad. Through agreements with various countries through the Ministry of External Affairs, the Government of India, especially as there is now a low income in many European countries.
The union demands that the government should pay compensation to the constructors of this road who have done too much to cause the death of many people. The death toll is still unknown.
To encourage more tribals to go to school, the Central Government has allocated T.4282.22 crore under the scheme to improve education for tribals in India. According to a report sent by the PIB (SP News).
This time the pass rate was 51.93 percent compared to 56.96 percent last year.
He said that the Ladakh Government is trying to improve the standard of living of the people in Ladakh by providing renewable electricity, energy reduction measures that can be implemented in difficult places. to reach Ladakh.
If the Khasi Author's Society can pass the resolution tomorrow morning in the Legislative Assembly, it will be another milestone for the Khasi Author's Society. the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
The total number of confirmed cases of COVID-19 in the state has risen to
The Executive Members are Eisenhower K Sangma, Sylvester Sangma, Greden M Marak, Sonjoy D Sangma, Surith Sangma, Kaljam A Sangma and Aldo R Khakongor.
Applications can be submitted on or before 10th November
The people need gas for cooking especially in Shillong.
Shillong, Nailar 04: U MDC of Mawhati Constituency, Bah Charles Marngar today led the Rangbah Shnongs to meet with the Minister in charge of Rural Development, Bah Hamletson Dohling to demand the Block within the Mawhati Constituency. Mawhati, Ri Bhoi District.
Immunohistochemistry using more than 60 antibodies is used regularly to detect new and abnormal tumors in any part of the human body.
The arrest of the MCS officer, whose name has not been released, was in connection with the petrol bomb blast at the office of the Meghalaya Public Service Commission (MPSC). They took 7 people and arrested 4 others.
On the occasion, Ma Piwel Shylla said that he joined the Congress party because he saw the good example of Mahatma Gandhi in his service to the people.
Police said those arrested are people who have bad marks and have been arrested for other crimes.
The Department aims to bridge the gap between demand and supply of trained personnel to promote new skills and new technologies not only for existing occupations but also occupations that a new one will be brought.
New Delhi, Lber 25: The spread of COVID-19 has affected many countries and the World Health Organization has declared it a pandemic.
Referring to the coal mining industry, the Governor said that the government has taken many measures to ensure the use of scientific methods according to the present era to mine coal again.
Police on receiving the information rushed to the scene and took the body to the Civil Hospital for post mortem.
To ensure the transparency and orderliness of the conduct of the examinations through the National Testing Agency (NTA), the Higher Education Department, under the Ministry of Education, has appointed a High-Level Committee of experts to provide advice. on the changes in the conduct of examinations, the improvement of Data Security protocols, the nature and functioning of the National Testing Agency (NTA).
Kantly Maram, 49, of Nongkroh Rambrai, West Khasi Hills District.
He said that the state government has set up B.Ed schools, the state government now has nine schools, according to this policy means that the state government has to close down these schools. read and how to deal with them is now at the center of the question.
He said that the Executive Committee (EC) on the 23rd of this month has decided to follow up on this issue with the state government to ensure that the revenue of the district council should not be delayed.
The death toll from the disease in West Garo Hills District has risen to 74, bringing the total number of deaths in the state to to this day.
Shillong, March 18: As part of the donation to help school children, the 5 to 1 Mile Mareh will be held at five locations in Meghalaya.
The airport is known as Maharishi Valmiki International Airport.
Regarding forests, the KHADC has set up a new department known as the 'Social Forestry Branch' and the purpose of this newly established branch is to plant trees and how to develop the tree planting and The Council will also provide assistance to protect the environment especially in the area of ​​forest damage, said Bah Titosstarwell Chyne. Shillong, Naitung 24: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed that 24 new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in the state as of 10 am today. .
Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang has been the President of FKJGP Upper-Shillong Circle since 2005. He is also the President of FKJGP Upper-Shillong Circle since Information Secretary of FKJGP East Khasi Hills District and at the same time as Education Secretary of FKJGP Central Body.
The CEM of KHADC said that there will also be a place to monitor the production of Khasi medicines and the goal is to preserve this traditional medicine which is also known as medicine. Khasi.
Or the government can pay first and pay later.
Ephrim said that if the government does not do anything on the demands, he will continue to strike with Pynskhemlang for the sake of protecting the people on the border and to resolve the border between the two countries. Assam and Meghalaya and at the same time to implement development works in the border areas.
Syed MDA Razi, Commissioner & Secretary, Government of Meghalaya, and Mission Director of Jal Jeevan Mission in the State, expressed his gratitude and said, is a victory for the State.
It is a platform where they can learn various skills, so that they can achieve success in their future.
To know the power and authority of the Sixth Schedule one should read it and also the debate in the Parliament of India of 5, 6 and 7 November 1949 how it was discussed. and inserted into the Constitution of India in articles 244 (2) and 275(1).
The total number of cases of COVID-19 in the state has risen to 1207. The districts with the highest number of cases are East Khasi Hills with 942 cases and West Garo Hills with 942 cases. There are 107 cases in Ri Bhoi and 70 cases in Ri Bhoi.
CB Iawphniaw is the eldest son of the late Krellingshon Pariong and Santi Iawphniaw. He is one of the retired government employees. private person.
The question is why the government has not done anything for two months, these machines have arrived after the Congress has announced in Parliament and then they will come, but what do they go to? place is that they have compassion for the souls that have remained in these caves.
On the same day, the leaders of the Jaintia Students Union (JSU) have demanded that the management of Meghalaya Cements Limited should immediately dismiss the two foreign workers involved in the attack on the police. to throw lathi naphang to the people on the day of the public hearing held on the 24th, July,
In fact, the term of office of these three Houses will end on the 17th of June this year.
You don't think they are villagers, you just make fun of them for not knowing the law.
Therefore, ordinary villagers have the right to oppose such a project.
Movies will be shown at different times to avoid crowds.
HITO asks whether the President, General Secretary of the National Party, 2 MPs, 36 MLAs and 60 MDCs of the Khasi Jaintia people in Hynniewtrep are strong. it should be clearly stated in the Constitution of India.
Shillong, Lber 24: The construction of a restaurant at Umiam Lake by the Meghalaya Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) has been going on for four months.
In the past few days I have received a reply that the Government of India has taken the appropriate part as arranged and has sent action from the Ministry of Union Road Transport & Highway through the office of the Superintendent Engineer of the department.
The funeral service for Kong Klirian Syiemlieh will be held on the 6th July at 2 pm from her residence at the Mawlai Nongkwar Presbyterian Church, Umshing.
The Speaker of the House said that he feels that the source of the reason for the collapse of the Dome is the first step. All these things and to continue the construction of this House, there is no need for an independent Third Party Audit.
The DC said that this was necessary because the order came in the middle of the month and to avoid the overcrowding of the shops which fall along the road even though they are part of the Markets are also allowed to open according to the numbers set and the numbers are 1 to
The comments may come from all sides but they have done their duty to ensure that the state should get 100% protection.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing on Saturday said that the government is lying to say that there is no illegal coal mining. The trucks were hidden in front of Iewnongma village and in the evening they left for Assam.
Speaking to reporters, Rayonald Kharkamni, Youth Wing of the district, said that the act of Mawphniang, a former MDC from Umroi, has been carried out by Mawphniang. it is only a gift, but the reason behind it is that he has been bought by the power of money.
Another decision was taken today to appoint jobs in the Government College of Engineering Shillong and the College of Architecture and Urban Planning Tura. and is now accepting applications for these two colleges and it is expected that the training will start in April
The awards were presented by Dr M Ampareen Lyngdoh MLA as the chief guest. Cyril VD Diengdoh IAS was also present. Shillong to Mawthadraishan will be closed for two days.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chairperson of the National Commission for Women, Rekha Sharman said that mothers in the North East are very involved in the economy.
However, we cannot accept this policy of the previous government in relation to this block because it is like giving sweet meat to the children, besides wasting the money of the people and the government. The Dorbarshong Wapungskur in connection with this block which lasted only 8 months later, will distribute sweet meat to the people of East Jaintia Hills with the same block.
What they are starting now is a protection.
The residents and village leaders at the meeting held on that day took these decisions that if MePDCL does not make public the Memorandum of Understanding between it and FEDCO and while it does not come to clarify the procedures, This company will continue to play chess and until the public takes a decision on this we will not allow FEDCO to play chess.
The Election Committee has directed all Units, Circles, Area Units, Divisions and District Units to submit the names of 10 voters from each unit by 25th June, 2023 at its office. Seng in Jaiaw.
Kejriwal will be the first prime minister to be arrested since India gained independence and the Aam Aadmi Party has announced that Kejriwal will continue to hold the post.
F Ropmay, Joint Secretary of MCTA St Edmund Unit, said that the union demands that the current Governing Body should be abolished and the General Secretary of the Governing Body should be removed. Simon Coelho and Julius Stelges, Financial Officers of the College.
Shillong, July 12: Japan has decided to allocate 205.784 billion yen to the North East including Meghalaya, which amounts to T.13,000 crore in various schemes. It is located in the southwest of India.
Shillong, Nailur 22: The Chief Organizer of HANM West Khasi Hills District, Bah Paul Kharbani, on Tuesday said that the office blockade in West Khasi Hills District to demand the government should remove the DC from office. the site will continue to operate as announced by the union.
There has been a voice on this, some have accepted it and even the teachers have expressed their opposition, even stopped teaching, this has caused the union to worry if the NEP is implemented, what is the During the meeting, many questions were raised whether NEHU will provide such support to the existing colleges, because when implementing the NEP Any new policy requires support, whether there is a change in the syllabus.
The driver of the truck survived the crash.
On the other hand, the KHADC has not invited the residents, the KHADC cannot do this because it falls under the jurisdiction of the state government according to the laws of the government.
The meeting was convened with the aim of promoting sports activities in the rural areas and at the same time to promote the marketing of the products produced by the people of the area and the neighborhood.
Bah Adelbert's call for peace is false and not a true desire for peace.
The training was inaugurated by PK Dubey, Inspector General, Meghalaya Frontier. Hundreds of BSF personnel and their families took part in the training. There was also a blood donation in which the IG said that he was the first to donate blood.
The Minister said that the state has faced many problems due to the lack of banks in the villages to implement government schemes. The other is one part of the distinction that needs to be understood and their purpose is to serve the people.
He said that from now on, those who commit this crime will not be arrested.
On this occasion, the winners of the Essay Writing Competition 2024 for Post-Graduate Students were also awarded.
Therefore, the Central and State Governments are urged to ensure that the Garo language is included in the list of 38 languages, according to a statement sent by Sundar A. Sangma President and Rev. Janang R. Garo. Sangma General Secretary GBC, Tura.
If Mukul Sangma and the Ministers do not come, the party has already prepared protests against them.
The park was constructed by the Dorbar Shnong with the financial contribution of the contractors implementing the Jal Jivan Mission scheme to deliver water to every household.
On this occasion, he also spoke to the freedom fighters of the North East such as Tirot Sing Syiem who passed away in the freedom struggle. They should avoid drug abuse as this will lead the youth to destruction.
This cleanliness drive was conducted to raise awareness and understanding in the community about hygiene.
The deterioration of this road has been severe from Sonapur to Malidor.
They also alleged that the staff of the hospital were involved in the death of Samuel Sangma.
It is to be recalled that recently the BSF seized a smuggler from East Jaintia Hills from Myanmar.
The office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills District today sent its personnel to remove the articles related to political parties who came to different parts of Tura.
This selfless and enthusiastic work is the main task of the Synjuk Riti Academy in order to create the capacity to build and opportunities in the field of writing and self-employment.
MeECL has found that there are 27 households who have meter electricity (20 postpaid and 7 prepaid) and these are re-sale to about 50 households illegally.
"As the State Government is still considering the proposals for amendments, this hearing will continue after three months and it is hoped that this long-standing issue will be resolved," the order said. .
Answering a question whether the MLAs from South West Garo Hills have not yet received the scheme, the Minister said the reason is that the Deputy Commissioner has not sent the account number to file the scheme. money is slow for this reason.
The second team was awarded 50,000 tyngka by Bah Hopeful Bamon MLA. Other MLAs who attended the event were Bah Sngewbhalang Dhar, Dr Celestine Lyngdoh and Dr Celestine Lyngdoh. MDC, Aiborlang Khangjee was also honored by the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma as a sign that this Indian athlete is from this region.
Skor Jala of Khasi Raid Laban, Blu Khongsit and Moon Shangpliang of Muslim Cemetery were also present at the opening ceremony. The meeting was conducted by the Rangbah Shnong of Lower Lumparing, Bah D Shabong.
At the same time, the Chief Minister congratulated the people who came out to take part in the election of their leaders.
Shillong, July 24: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today met with Union Minister of State for Road Construction, Nitin Gadkari and handed over the petition regarding the need for roads in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The Vice President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Alantary Dkhar today admitted that there are writings that the Congress party also wants the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill. Speaking to media at the residence of the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Dr Donkupar Roy, Bah Alantary said that the Congress party is against the CAB. The Assam Pradesh Pradesh Congress Committee (APCC) in 2011 had taken a decision within the Cabinet to allow Hindus, Bengalis, Buddhists and Christians to be persecuted in Bangladesh. Congress leader Anjan Dutta's speech.
He said that they want cooperation within KHADC because this has become a household chore, not that the MP election will affect the relationship and cooperation within KHADC, and not that we support him. Rev PBM Basaiawmoit.
But the answer is there.
The rhinos were first seen giving birth in the National Park by Anjan Sangma, Rohan Goyari and Gobinda Garh at the Bansbari Range inside the forest on Tuesday night.
The heavy rainfall in the months of April-May 2022 has not yet been the rainy season until the roads around the area have been destroyed and cut off. I don't know about our state.
The aim of the celebration of Statistics Day is to provide information, especially to children, on the role and importance of statistics in socio-economic planning and policy development for the growth of the country.
The complaint will now go to the PHE or the Municipal where many of the villages in Shillong are in the midst of water shortage, while there are villages where the water flows to the ground due to the floods. top water in the villages.
He said that the meeting between the government department and the journalists is necessary because all the information to the public is through the media before there is anything. The incident, during or after the incident, all information is through the media through which the public receives information.
The AJYWO leader said that many of those foreigners and Nepalis who own businesses such as grocery stores, clothing stores, restaurants, hotels and shops They don't worry about the coal mining industry even if the coal mining is banned because they stay in their shops and know that the money keeps coming.
Section 10 (c) provides that “The Central Government has the rights to use and occupy the surface of any land for the purpose of erecting any necessary buildings and installing any necessary plant in connection with the working of the minerals aforesaid(Atomic) ".
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The All Meghalaya School Parents Association (AMSPA) has expressed its deep surprise over the invitation of the Application Form for the students of Class XI. Science, Commerce and Arts.
Shillong, Naitung 13: U Bah Kronding Nongbsap Spokesperson of the Hynniewtrep People's Front (HPF) on Tuesday urged the Meghalaya government to set up an impartial commission of inquiry into all those involved in the journey to Assam. Four vehicles have been taken passes for their needs. What is more surprising is how four vehicles can carry more than 41 people.
The districts affected by the natural disasters are North Garo Hills, West Khasi Hills, East Khasi Hills, South West Khasi Hills, East Jaintia Hills and West Garo Hills. , South West Garo Hills and Ri Bhoi District.
To date, nearly 5,000 students have passed from this university and it has also received the highest rank among private universities in the past few years. depth.
“We should thank God for making us what we are now, think of those who are in that place,” said Bah Metbah. He said that what comes out of this place is not sent to the hospital.
Speaking to reporters, Paul Lyngdoh said that with the existence of the Advisory Board, it is hoped that the PIT NDPS Act will be fully implemented from today. be strong in terms of curbing the drug trafficking in the state as stipulated in Clause 10 of the Act, which is one of the places where drugs are most commonly sold and used.
The reason for the search is because there is no understanding regarding the Entry and Exit points because the government says it will complete sometimes, sometimes it says four days or forty days. months can no longer be understood.
This post was advertised in 2016 for 36 posts but is still vacant despite passing the examination and typing test.
This is the location of the South West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The BSF has conducted a sports competition for school children from five villages on the border with Bangladesh. within the South West Khasi Hills District.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with political parties at the Secretariat, he said the purpose of the meeting was to inform everyone of the settlement in the border talks with Assam. 6 places where there is no traffic.
The Memorial School on this special day of Babu JeeBon also distributed awards to those students who passed well in various examinations.
If so, is that the education of children for the future?
The Rangbah Shnong ED War of Rynjah.
Agriculture is a source of income for his entire family and they continued this activity during the curfew, despite the difficulties they faced in marketing their produce.
“The land in the area is owned by people from India according to the pata,” said Bah Bendic Buam, one of the elders of the area.
Shillong, November 04: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangam, who is also the National President of the National People's Party (NPP), on Tuesday said, “I don't intend to contest the MLA elections from anywhere else. ".
The district authorities should immediately evict the AMD and UCIL personnel from the area, said M Thongni.
During the meeting with the Prime Minister, they also discussed the need to avoid traffic jam, to clean up the garbage that comes out every day, the number of land vendors and the places to accommodate the land vendors and others.
Both sides agreed to take effective steps for prevention of human trafficking, smuggling of arms/amn and other contraband items.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: While the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today inaugurated the first plastic football ground in Tura, the people carried flags to protest. Rakesh A Sangma as CEM of GHADC. On this day, it was seen that the people of Tura took to the streets to reach the football ground where the Chief Minister of Meghalaya. He was on his way to the place to open the ball field made of plastic.
The union would like to suggest to the government to improve this road so that it will be easier for the commuters as at present the highway between Jowai and Mih Myntdu is very difficult to travel. Due to the heavy traffic jam, all schools and markets have been closed.
On the allegation by Bah Paul Lyngdoh that the new powers are only for the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council, Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma said it is unfortunate and true. Paul Lyngdoh, who does not read newspapers, said it is surprising that the Chief Minister does not know his own household and perhaps has not read well what is in the Sixth Schedule.
The monthly revenue collection increased from T 1.04 lakh crore in 2020-21 to T 1.24 lakh crore in 21-2
He said that although the government has been able to seek assistance from the Prime Minister of India, it should also seek assistance in resolving the border between Meghalaya and Assam which has remained unchanged for a long time. good many years.
However, they can no longer benefit from the scheme if they do not link their Aadhaar to their MHIS Card.
These missions will be implemented during the term of the 15th Finance Commission from 2021-22 to 2025-2
In fact, the Tharia Wah Rew Festival was held in 1984 by the Hima Sohra and Ryngud Village to revive and commemorate the relationship between HAT Sohpieng but it has disappeared for decades, said the Sordar. Row.
The MSSASA Central Body on 18th November met with Prakash Javadekar, Minister of Human Resource Development (MHRD) Union Government to discuss the State Government's discrimination in the new salary of SSA teachers. This is according to a statement sent by Bah Aristotle C. Rymbai President MSSASA – Central Body.
There are 630 employees in the Executive, 74 in the Legislative and 61 in the Judiciary. work, and also the department of housekeeping.
DSC-3/Exam/Pt/2016-17/50 date Jowai on 5th Sept 2016 signed by the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills who is also the Chairman of DSC. the list that is sorted by the first list.
In the raid conducted at Them Iew Mawlong, the Enforcement seized the goods of shana vendors, CD vendors, jain vendors, torch light vendors, steel and aluminum vehicle vendors and others. on sidewalks and along highways.
The CAB, 2019 has now become the CAA, 2019 after the signing of the President of India.
At present, the NPP party has a majority in the KHADC and does not want to disrupt the cooperation in the Executive Committee as promised since the beginning of However, the NPP has been closely monitoring the situation between the UDP MDCs regarding the post of CEM in KHADC. The world council is located within the District Council.
After this meeting, the AO did not respond to the request.
Pyniaid Sing Syiem, MDC from Sohryngkham Constituency, has been elected as the new Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on 20th July 2023 at the Legislative Assembly.
While these people are allowed to live and work here without fear and this shows that the Hima is violating the law which it has made itself.
“Therefore, the two Governments should also look at the history and not just get involved in sorcery,” the Forum said.
He said that the delay by the company in the construction of this road has caused a lot of problems to the people in the traffic and has also caused pollution inside the district headquarters. .
FKJGP President Joe Marwein told reporters after the meeting that they have decided to convene public meetings in all seven districts of Khasi and Jaintia Hills to explain to the public.
The Beti Bachao Beti Padhaoka program has changed the attitude of society towards girls.
“We tried to do the best we could by arresting drug dealers.
Explaining what happened in 2019, the BSF seized T.36 crore worth of smuggled goods, including cows, Bangladeshi currency and others. counterfeit money.
Police have seized 187 grams of heroin from two places, one from a roadside weighing 111 grams and one from a shop weighing 111 grams.
Besides, the Minister also stressed on the government's determination to provide cooperation among the organizations for the further development of the production of these agricultural products.
Leaders of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association, including the Sports and Youth Affairs Department and the Meghalaya Athletic Association, in an interview with the media on July 14, 2023, said that the deadline for registration The deadline for registration for the marathon is November 12,
For the best girls to be selected in this competition there will be a one month training from 28th November to 8th November
The Union Minister said that the Y20 Youth 20 Engagement Group within the G20 will also hold meetings across the country and through this, Y20 talks will be held in all universities, schools, NYKS. , NSS, Scouts & Guides.
It is worth mentioning that these plants can survive even in places where other plants are more difficult to grow.
Shillong, Nailur 16: U Bah James Ban Basaiamoit MDC Mawkhar-Pynthorumkhrah has distributed solar lanterns to 800 households under the Under Special Assistance Scheme 2015-16 of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). be a great blessing to the poor people.
Regarding Bah Julius Dorphang, all the states of India should be informed and find out where he is. the House shall take action in this regard.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: 35 persons from 13 villages of Nongrim, Nongladap, Umdohthli, Mawbri, Liarbang, Bhoirymbong, Mawiambei, Kyrdem, Khliehum have been elected as carriers and donors. -Umsning, Umket, and Mawnoh Synrum, who are involved in traditional medicine and herbal medicine, as physicians, nurses, who are also members of SPIKAP, whom we call Doctor Sla, to fight against the Caritas-India, in collaboration with the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, has attended a training awareness program organized by Caritas-India. (Khie Shohrih) -Malaria (Dept of Health- Malaria) Govt of Meghalaya and Society of Promotion of Indigenous Knowledge and Practices (SPIKAP), from 9.30 am to 2 pm, on 22nd November 2013, in the Dorbar Hall.
Other speakers on the occasion included the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem PM Syiemlieh, District School Education Officer, Kong L. Syiemlieh, Sub-Divisional School Education Officer. The Headmaster of the school, Bah W. Warjri and the Sordar of Nongkhlaw Village, Bah K. Dkhar.
The Vice Chairman of the NEC said that the NEC should develop home stays in the North East.
Wailadmiki Shylla MLA of Jowai said that the proposal of the JMB has been sent to the government for a decision to select one of the three sites which the JHADC has already proposed to the government.
The cooperation and responsibility of the community is essential to preserve and protect the rights of the people,” said the Director.
It was also announced that the Prime Minister wants to implement the pension for drivers.
However, the final decision on who to give tickets and who to remove is up to the AICC president as the AICC also has its own method of evaluating candidates.
Continuing the speech of the Chief Minister, the Minister of Agriculture, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh said that the way of thinking about the marketing of agricultural products is no longer the same way of managing agricultural products. the old way, now changed.
There are Government Agencies that as soon as something happens they have been looking after only the members of the KSU, not only the members of the KSU but they have rushed to arrest the Khasi youth but if there is any violence “The law of the Khasi people is different,” said Marngar.
She demanded that the Deputy Commissioner, Kong RM Kurbah, should clarify when and where the department has sent for testing to ensure that the fish imported from outside the state are formalin injected.
When contacted by SP News Agency, Bah AL Hek, Minister in charge of Information and Broadcasting, said that he does not know what is in the petition. bay m have not received this request.
Before the planting of the trees, a short meeting was held where speeches were delivered by the SDO of PHE East Jaintia Hills, the Rangbah Shnong of Rymbai and Samla Phanuel Tongper, Environment Secretary KSU EJHD. He said that the campaign will continue this month to plant hundreds of trees in which the branches of the party across the Bri u Hynniewtrep will do this.
On the other hand, the Governor, after examining the bill, wrote, “I have reserved the Bill for the consideration of the President of the country”. India not considered).
Shillong, Jymmang 19: Answering a question by Ronnie V Lyngdoh, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the Shillong Western Bye Pass will pass from near Mawreng to Shillong. Umsaw is located in Ri Bhoi District.
Dr Steven completed his education from Auxilium and St. Anthony's High School and stayed at Don Bosco Hostel during his school years.
In the second half, Shillong Lajong tried to improve the game but Sreenidi Deccan continued to play chess and created chances to score.
According to the estimates, there has been heavy rainfall in some parts of Meghalaya in the last 24 hours.
The inability of the State Government to implement the Work Permit and the MRSSA and the delay in obtaining the Inner Line Permit (ILP) On Tuesday, a raid was conducted against foreign workers who came to work illegally in Bri Hynniewtrep without a Work Permit which is the Act of the State Government.
Lambor said that in fact this road has been delayed for two years due to the COVID-19 pandemic. which was opened today.
Prime Minister Duh thanked Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina for leading the project and said he wanted to continue his cooperation with her for the benefit of the people of these two countries. typical country.
This notice will come into force immediately from the issuance of this notice from the office of the Additional District Magistrate, Khliehrait.
On the other hand, the party would like to thank the people who have supported this protest.
However, only now our government is aware of the coal mining laws of India.
Shillong, Nailar 09: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Raid Nongtung under the leadership of Bah Blikson Sohtun as President today met with the Chief Minister to inform the government that the 18 villages which Block II is located in Meghalaya.
During the containment area in these three places, the government has announced that no meetings, political rallies, public gatherings, services and others will be allowed on these dates. It has been declared as a containment area from 1/05/2021 to 10/5/2
How many people have been injured or lost their lives.
The results of the candidates will be counted on the same day and announced at Pomshutia, said Bah Pyngrope.
These 40 persons and the weapons seized from them have been handed over to the Dawki Police Station. In the past few days, the BSF has arrested 26 Bangladeshis since July. 2023 and those arrested have the intention to stay in India.
The child was identified as Astronomis Kharhari who is a class 9 student this year.
The KSU leader said that there will be no development but only death in the state.
NYKS Shillong State Director Atul J. Nikam, PFR President Franky Kharumnuid and football coach Rilang Mylliempdah and Robin Nongrum also took part in the race.
On the other hand, the party would like to express its gratitude to all the parties who have supported them during the past two months.
Therefore, we urge the Government to take measures to ensure that the people who return or enter the State should be free of the disease or if they have to wait for the report for 24 to 48 hours, Such persons shall be quarantined in special places prepared by the Government until the report is received.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Minister in charge of Soil and Water Conservation Department, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, said that he has not received such a complaint. The peon came to meet him to complain about the withholding of her salary and he ordered that the salary should be released.
Shillong, July 28: The USA band known as “Hoobastank” will perform for 90 minutes at the Polo Ground.
It is learned that they have spoken because there are some names which cannot be disclosed. There has been a detailed discussion and the views of all the groups in the UDA have been taken. he decided that they should be one.
He said that during the meeting with the Chief Minister regarding the health department, many of the shortcomings in the health facilities of the state government especially the doctors at all levels and in the same way, the number of doctors working in the villages.
He said that before leaving on Tuesday, he will also meet with the Governor, Tathagata Roy.
Mawhati MLA Charles Marngar, who is also an MDC, said that as a leader who was elected by the people to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), he has already expressed his gratitude to the KHADC. On the erection of revenue collection gates by the KAAC, Bah Charles said that he has already informed the Khasi people in Block-II. State Legislature.
Based on specific information, BSF troops from the 200 Battalion, in collaboration with the Meghalaya Police, conducted a joint operation near the Indo-Bangladesh border.
The use of traditional instruments such as the Duitara, the Ksing shynrang, the Padiah and the Bom also reflects the way of life of the Hynniewtrep people which is very close and respectful of nature.
The names of the two men who were shot dead are not yet known but they are said to be Nangrepa and Imre.
Rakkam said he could not be sure whether the BJP had given its support to the NPP candidate from Tura, Agatha Sangma.
Lazarus MLA of AITC said that there will be no such visit of MLAs to the NPP now or even in the future and alleged that the NPP party has weak leaders.
Shillong, July 06: Meghalaya has come second in the National Shoto Cup Karate Championship 2018 held at Kanninjuku, Maharashtra.
Speaking at the welcome ceremony, he said that the BCCI is ready to provide assistance to promote the sport in this part of India to have adequate stadiums so that in one day the players will come out of this area.
The VDPs have handed over the suspects to the Dawki Police Station for further investigation.
So far, 163,061 samples have been taken, 156,024 have tested negative and 44,554 have returned to the state.
As for the coal industry, the Meghalaya government and the central government departments have done what they should have done. said Dr Mukul Sangma.
The civil society organizations in Garo Hills have expressed their concern regarding the demands of the teachers and urged the government to listen to the issue and resolve it by calling for talks with them. Their three-day strike last month has affected many school children.
I am sure that your victory in the National Games will open the way for the country to celebrate, and will bring new confidence in the future,” concluded the Prime Minister.
Shillong, June 27: Speaking as the chief guest on the occasion of World Malaria Day, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya, M.Ampareen Lyngdoh, said that The incidence of malaria in the state has decreased and there have been fewer deaths from the disease.
Shillong, Nailar 02: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today removed Prestone Tynsong and Sniawbhalang Dhar from the Cabinet and will be replaced by others tomorrow. at 10.30 pm at Raj Bhavan.
After the heavy rainfall this morning of 20th March, 2024, the accumulation and blockage of garbage and debris has increased to at least 50 tons. .
Pynkmen Sanmiet said that the party will stand firm on its foundation and we have not only passed the resolution on the 19th State Legislative Assembly but until the Indian government decides to implement the ILP in our state.
These four Deacons were ordained by the Archbishop of Shillong, Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh at a ceremony held at Laitumkhrah, Shillong in the presence of the leaders of the Salesian Society. , the Diocesan Society and the Salvatorian Society.
He said that the central government charges only T.19 tyngka, so the state government should think more in collecting tax only from vehicles but there are still many gates to charge tax. a decision should be taken to resolve this matter.
Speaking on the occasion and citing two young boys who are chana (gram) sellers at the festival Conrad K Sangma Said, “It is encouraging to see that there is a convergence of multiple exchanges where like these two boys, I am proud to see them earning their livelihood.
Therefore, the union has had a thorough discussion with the Director regarding these issues.
“We hope that this step is moving forward as it has already been brought to Parliament and we are still monitoring it,” he added.
Referring to the Supreme Court's judgment on the issue of insulting words, Langstieh said, “In the recent order in the case of Ashwini Kumar Upadhyay vs Union of India & Ors, the Supreme Court has If there is any insult in any place and any act that will lead to violation of Sections 153A, 153B and 295A and 505 of the IPC etc, suo motu action should be taken to register a case. although there was no lawsuit, legal recruitment would proceed.
The Federation of Khasi States has written about the violations of many laws such as the 44 Acts/Rules of Delhi (Central Laws), State Laws, and District Council Laws. The Constitution (Scheduled Tribes) Order, 1950, 1976, 1987, the Indian Citizenship Act 1955, the The Indian Registration Act 1908 , the The Meghalaya Transfer of Land (Regulations) Act 1971 and Rules 1974.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah R.Thabah, Publicity Secretary FKJGP Centralbody, said that the sports event was held as part of the celebration of the 25th Anniversary of FKJGP. It is to be recalled that a few days ago, the curtain was opened at the office of the party in Mawlai Motsyiar.
Pynursla Police Station said they had received a tip that Rajesh Khongphai, 40, was hit by a Dngiem and injured in the incident.
Shillong, Nailur 04: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Umiam Circle, under the leadership of the Circle Leaders including the President and General Secretary together with the members, this evening on Force Traveler and Sumo.
The turnout in Tura Constituency was 78.13 percent while in Shillong the turnout was 63.58 percent.
“According to the information received from the owner of the house, the child has been working for about three years.
The increase in the fare on all roads will be T.1.05 per passenger per kilometer.
It may be recalled that the road collapsed in 2020 due to heavy rainfall. As it is a National Highway, the state government has written to the Road Construction Department of the Union Government to allocate funds. October 2022 and after receiving the money they will call a tender for the construction of the site.
G Marbaniang from Muscle Master Gym (win Rs.2000/-, Certificate & Medal)3 – Shri.Willy Nongbri Body Zoo Gym Shillong.
"“Dr.Habamut's establishment of the clinic is not for wealth and we are deeply sorry for the accusation and criticism of this doctor, because he is a man who takes responsibility for his duties. professional caregiver.
Commercial vehicles, taxis and autorickshaws on 28th July (Monday) vehicles ending in 1 and 2, on 29th July (second day) vehicles ending in number 3 and 4, on 30th July (Tuesday) for vehicles ending in number 5 and 6, on 1st November (Friday) for vehicles ending in number 7 and 8, on On the 3rd of November (Saturday) vehicle numbers ending in 9 and 0, on 3rd November (Saturday) vehicle numbers ending in numbers 1 and 2, these will be within Shillong.
Regarding the failure to implement the ILP in Garo Hills, Lanong said that the Chief Executive Member of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) PK Sangma has not expressed any opinion. He said that the ILP should not be forgotten in Garo Hills.
On the other hand, the Governor congratulated the Army for opening the door for employment opportunities for the youth of the area and especially for the introduction of the one meeting within the country.
After the speech by these elders, other elders from the area also took part in the meeting and expressed their views on the issues facing the society which have affected many especially in the destruction of traditional customs and traditions. persons who take advantage of trade and other benefits as citizens of the state.
Police sources said that the incident occurred when the Scooty of the two men tried to collide with a Hyundai Eon number ML 05 K The Scooty was driven by Bah B.Marbiangbor Thangkiew from Nongkseh, Upper Shillong and the Scooty collided with the wheel of a truck. ML 11 8622, was driven by Iohbor Lapasam of Shangpung, East Jaintia Hills until these two persons were stabbed in the head and lost their lives.
This is a day to pay special tribute to the drafters of the Constitution of the country who have been able to bring about change by amending the Constitution of the country.
“I strongly condemn this and we do not accept it because the Rangbah Shnong does not have the authority to do so (tait shnong).
: U MLA of North Shillong Constituency Bah Adelbert Nongrum on Tuesday sent a letter to the Minister of Electricity, Abu Taher Mondal requesting him to postpone the date of closure of vehicles through the North Shillong Constituency. Damsite Bridge will start from October 31,
Justice Ved Prakash Vaish was born on 27th July 1959 and graduated from Delhi University in He completed his studies in the field of science in
Shillong, Lber 16: The Budget Session of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly for the year 2018-2019 today began with a speech by the Governor of Meghalaya, Ganga Prasad. Your speech is in Hindi.
The opening of the new House of Parliament shows the progress of the country and the development in all areas through cooperation and when there are problems there is a need for consensus to formulate policies to improve the country. miat that crowd.
Due to the collapse of the dewbilat bridge, overloaded trucks have had to pass through Shillong, only vehicles carrying stieng are allowed to pass through the existing bridge.
“This issue has been on the table since 2022 and there has been no arrangement from the Government and the Deputy Commissioner's Office to detain the illegal immigrants. people are still being tortured and more and more foreigners are infiltrating,” the party said in a statement.
Shillong, June 28: Seven persons suspected to be Bangladeshis have abducted Dajied Syiemlieh from Nongjri village in SWKH District on Friday at about 5 pm. inside the Ranikor Police Station.
In his speech, the candidate explained how he came into politics since the time of the APHLC and how the Land Transfer Act was drafted which is a milestone for the nation.
The opposition candidate Winnerson D Sangma received the votes of 19 Congress MLAs in the 59-member Assembly.
At the National Lok Adalat, 218 cases were settled and the amount of money seized amounted to T.78,89,019 lakh, most of which was the payment of loans to banks. lights in different districts of Meghalaya.
He said that if the Central Government says that the North Eastern States will survive on the revenue they have, this creates a problem and that is why the Central Government is looking after these states to develop in all aspects. .
This will be only for the students of 19 Shillong Constituency.
He said that today because it is a training, the people are quiet and there is no fear for them, but he remembers last year when there was an earthquake, government employees came out of the house. the karmas and some even cried.
The Rozgar Mela will serve as an employment opportunity and a suitable opportunity for the youth for their empowerment and participation in the economic development of the country.
On this occasion, the farmers were also given jhur seeds such as Sohsaw, Kubi seeds, kajor, fish boxes and fertilizer.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma and the Governor of Meghalaya, Dr KK Paul today sent their condolences to the family of Silverine Swer on the passing away of her.
He said that the Mawsynram PS has sent too many FIRs to Mawlyngbna village although they have lodged 10 cases but no action has been taken to arrest the perpetrators. illegal.
Kharbani said that the harassment of the people of the state, whether in Ratacherra, Block-I, Block-II, Balakhawa, Langpih and many other places where the people have been harassed because of their The Meghalaya government has been stingy to resolve the border issue.
With a sense of responsibility and as a sign of respect to the Syiems, Sordars and all the Village Leaders and Village Authorities, the four organizations have decided to invite them to discuss and discuss how to fight against the to curb the infiltration of foreigners, to curb the illegal entry of mynder because as it is now, the whole nation has witnessed that the bsein after it has spread has started to turn around.
This decision will prevent the smuggling of firearms, durg and other anti-national activities.
The body was found by the workers of the car manufacturing factory of Bah Marbi.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday held a trading license in Lad Rymbai.
Shillong, Lber 28: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today approved the budget for the year 2019-2020 of T.215,36,17,400/- after discussion in the House. council.
The event was also enriched by traditional songs and dances by the Khasi and Garo youths living in the area.
This is unacceptable and shows that the government is discriminating against the students of South West Khasi Hills District, said the KSU. In fact, the KSU has been raising these issues since to the Government including the memoranda we have sent to various Education Ministers.
The union demands that the provision of medicines for the treatment of typhoid should be provided as at Ichamati CHC and Shella PHC. The training was conducted on how to recognize the symptoms, how to prevent and treat this disease, said Bah Roy Kupar Synrem.
If the day laborers have any problems with the rules, they should notify them in writing and send them to the Assistant Registrar before 2 July 2022 so that the necessary action can be taken.
Thermometer scanners were used in the market before entering the market.
My complaint to the Government through the PHE is to ask what is the reason why the people of the area are suffering from water shortage when the whole world knows and witnesses it as a strong village. I also asked about the Jal Jeevan Mission.
The RDSA expresses its gratitude to the Minister of Sports for introducing the scheme. One of the most awaited schemes is the Synthetic Track for the stadium at Paham Syiem in Nongpoh. At a cost of T.18 crore, the project has been completed and it is expected that the funds will be received this year.
The Minister said that Meghalaya although a small state has about 6000 villages and has created a challenge for the government in the work of the people. the public.
“Many of the weapons hidden by the GNLA were seized in Williamnagar.
The trainings provided by RESTI include, Pig farming, cattle farming, fish farming, planting flowers, making fertilizer from niut, dairy farming and teaching cloth making.
The Students' Union (NESO) has announced that the 11th November has been declared a dark day for the people of the North East.
Surprisingly, the NOC was received by the village in 2019 and the NOC stipulated that they should get the trading and labor license, but it has not yet been issued. trading license and labor license can be issued.
The Governor of the State, Satya Pal Malik was the chief guest.
He said that if the government does not listen to the demands as expressed in parliament, the farmers themselves should unite and come out to express their demands for themselves.
The Additional Director General of Police (CID), Meghalaya, has warned against those who post indecent images and if anyone is found spreading such images, photograph or video shall be punishable by imprisonment for up to nine years.
The three MDCs are James Sylliang, Blandingstar Warjri and Latiplang Kharkongor.
Shillong, July 21: The 3rd International Day of Yoga 2017 was celebrated in Shillong today organized by the Nehru Yuva Kendra, Shillong. , was held at Assam Christian Centre, Stoneyland, Shillong.
Captain Amitabh Thapa and Nepali robbers this year went to stand at the gates of all the colleges in Laitumkhrah during the admission process.
The CORP will now go to the MLA to seek clarification and at the same time they will go to the public to collect the documents received through RTI and let the public consider this. Shillong, Nail 07: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) has demanded the cancellation of the government's plan to set up an Administrative Unit instead of a Civil Sub Division in Ranikor.
Regarding the health department, it was suggested to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to conduct an inspection in the area and the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare should submit a report to the Assembly Committee.
Therefore, for the benefit of the people, especially the poor, the union requests the DC of WJHD to take action on this issue and also requests the District and Session Court. The WJHD has decided to improve the application process for Birth Certificate at the WJHD for the convenience of the people especially the poor.
On the other hand, East Khasi Hills beat South West Khasi Hills 5-0, with Inrilaidor Khongthaw scoring two goals. The remaining goals were scored by Melaribha Lyngdoh, Ibashembha Khongsit and Ideibanrishisha Kharpan.
Symbut said the Cabinet has decided that all the works which have already been allocated by the government in the last fiscal year can start from the 15th of this month.
Shillong, Nailar 27: The National People's Party (NPP) today held a meeting of the National Committee of the party in Delhi at the Constitution of India Club. I don't take part in all the states where the party is.
Speaking to media, Bah Marbaniang said that in 2022, teachers have lodged a complaint with the Meghalaya High Court against the Government after it issued a notice banning teachers from take part in the world.
“We used to give money to the market vendors but there was no demand for money,” said Victoria.
He said that in fact, the company which has raised tens of thousands of chickens has been one of the largest factories which has produced tens of thousands of chickens, but the surprising thing is that The Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MPB) has not yet received the authority to manage the chicken farming industry which protects against the production of waste by companies or factories. water supply for the residents of the village.
“After the scheme was launched, I learned that he has set up the Mawlai People Development Agency (MPDA) with only three members. “If the MLA is the Chairman of the party, you will understand where the money of the people will go,” said Morris.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: The Deputy Speaker of Meghalaya, Timothy D Shira, today said that the Vande Bharat train could start operating from Mendipathar in North Garo Hills District in November.
The Government has passed the Meghalaya Local Prosecutor's Office Act.
Before the cleaning, a meeting was held which was conducted by Bah Johnny F Lakhiat in the presence of the President of the Seng Kmie, Bah G.Kharraswai, Rangbah Shnong, and others. and the village officials and the people of Sumer.
There are many areas in which India is moving forward to become a leader today.
On the other hand, the CEM said that he has just received information and has not yet received the reasons for the resignation of the Governor. to talk about the reasons.
With this decision of the Hon'ble High Court, the Food and Civil Supply and Consumer Affairs Department of the Government has opened the door for the decision on who will be supplied with ration. the Government of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: A man has been killed in a murder at Nongtrai village under Mawsynram Police Station at around 5 pm this morning.
Another suspect was identified as Joel Tripura, 29, of Kachharichara village, Damchhara, North Tripura.
The Committee was led by Mayralborn Syiem, Nongpoh MLA, Mawkyrwat MLA Renikton L Tongkhar, North Shillong MLA Adelbert Nongrum and Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla. , Selsella MLA Arbinstone B. Marak and Ampati MLA Miani D Shira.
The State aims to provide drinking water to all households in rural areas by November, 2022.
The principles of this standard are cleanliness, fairness, reputation, transparency, openness and communication.
Through the strong support of the Government and those involved in these activities, the PMKSKs continue to bring about positive change, strengthening of agriculture and will continue to contribute to the development of agricultural enterprises. to support themselves.
Since the strike started on the 3rd of this month, it is understood that this will affect everyone, not only the drivers but all the people even the government employees. even those who have their own cars.
Following this, the KSU today met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills, Bah FM Dopth to inquire about the progress of the work related to the construction of the Khyrdop at this place.
The BSF seized T.20,00,000/- and four mobile phones from these persons.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: A public hearing was held at Jliehriat today on the request of Star Cement Company to take more land at Brichyrnot in East Jaintia Hills District.
His visit was to listen to the issues faced by the party and after talking to the party office bearers in the state, he will raise the voice of the party. AICC President Sonia Gandhi has voted for the replacement of the CLP leader. This will be the decision on the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma in the CLP. CLP, many Congress leaders are silent on this visit because they don't know what will happen from this visit of the general secretary of the AICC because what they say will be taken to the higher authorities of the party. Shillong, Naitung 14: The Chairman of JACSO, Bah Wallambok Syiemiong, on Tuesday said that they have written to UCIL to cancel the tender. called the company of the central government.
Officials of PIB Bhubaneswar welcomed the journalists from Meghalaya on their arrival.
When speaking in detail, it was found that these colleges should receive their salaries according to the Fifth Pat Commission. Their salary has reached T.11 crore.
As a poet, you have written books and are a recognized singer by the All India Radio and Doordarshan Center.
Enoch Sangma, District Information Officer, National Informatics Centre, said that the training center is currently providing training to the youth.
Shillong, Lber 16: Meghalaya Police today seized two vehicles from two vehicles and seized heroin worth T.28 lakh, Ganja worth up to T.48 lakh.
Shillong College scored three goals while Malabar Special Police Higher Secondary School scored four goals.
At this meeting, the Co-Chairman said that the government will soon send a letter to the District Councils to set up Town Committees under the United Khasi and Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council Act Because they have the power to regulate the construction of houses and to send rules to the Government if they have, they can make one if any.
At this public meeting, the MLA of Ranikor said that there will be a mid-term election and this speech of his has confirmed that he will step down as MLA and contest again. NPP leaders who were present on the occasion included the Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong, Sniawbhlang Dhar, Cabinet Minister and Deputy Speaker of the National People's Party (NPP). UTD Shira, Home Minister James K Sangma and many other leaders were present on the occasion.
He said that in the last MHIS, the assistance was only T.1,80,000/- lakh per household.
They have been arrested by the police and will take action according to the law.
Other speakers included the Interim Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa,im Ainam Syiem, who also submitted a petition to the CEM of KHADC regarding the job opportunities in Iewduh. The meeting was led by Minister Kharlukhi and was attended by the Ministers of the Hima and the market residents of Iewdu.
, Kolkata, West Bengal, which has been awarded the contract does not have accurate information about the household items, which has to take responsibility for delivering the goods that do not meet the requirements.
Referring to the warning of the state forest department not to use colors that can damage the environment, Bhattacharjee said the CPC has already ordered the sculptors. since 2009.
Police said they cannot say anything yet as they are still investigating the scene.
Shillong, Lber, 18: Up to 12 households of the Seng Khasi Nongwar have come forward to revive the Shad Suk Mynsiem after 50 years.
They immediately asked, “When will the Vande Bharat Express reach our place?” The mindset has changed now.
At the public meeting, Conrad said that the loss of confidence is not only among the people but also Dr DD Lapang, Deputy Chief Minister Dr RC Laloo and Health Minister Roshan Warjri. the MLA election to be held this year.
He said the Congress government has tried its best through the Northeast Frontier Railway (NFR) to bring a railway line in the state, but the KSU will stand against the railway line until there are laws to curb the entry of foreigners. “If the protest reaches the point of bloodshed, the Chief Minister and his Cabinet should take responsibility,” said the President of the KSU. KSU General Secretary Donald V Thabah, former KSU Presidents Samuel Jyrwa and Daniel Khyriem and other former and current office bearers from various circles and units were also present.
This assistance is to share the experiences of these two families.
However, many of them have worked for more than 30 years without being recognized as regular staff.
Through the 'SabkaSath, SabkaVikas, SabkaVishwas and SabkaPrayas', the five years of the Modi Government have laid a solid foundation for the fisheries sector in India.
He thanked the JAC for raising awareness among the associations of various commercial vehicles in the area.
It will benefit the students and the community, as well as the country.
Regarding the elections to District Councils, Village Councils and Village Dorbars, the State Government will set up a State Election Commission to oversee the elections in Meghalaya.
The purpose of the visit was to see if possible, the land can be used for other purposes for the benefit of the farmers.
Robert said that in the past years the Chief Minister has stood firmly against the CAB, but now they have not seen the strong opposition as he has done.
The winners will receive a cash prize of 50 lakh tyngka and other prizes worth 25 lakh tyngka. and world-renowned musicians.
The BSF from the 200 Battalion after receiving a tip informed the police and in collaboration raided a house on the border with Bangladesh.
Since then, there has been no more trouble in this town.
Shillong, July 04: There are 32 new cases of COVID-19 in Meghalaya today, 30 cases from East Khasi Hills and 2 cases from West Garo Hills. The number of cases in the state has risen to
Speaking to reporters, he said that at the last Cabinet meeting, the government had decided that all the employees should come to work, but after careful consideration, the government has decided to send them back. to employees only 50%.
Ms Warjri said that the purpose of the festival in Pohthaw Village is to bring about a spirit of cooperation as a village as residents without any discrimination whether they belong to any ethnic group or not. This month, the youth have been able to showcase their talents.
During the meeting, it was said that the Governor will leave for Delhi to meet the Union Home Minister on the 17th November 2020 and this visit will also be accompanied by other leaders. and there is hope that it shall not be so.
The suspect was arrested from Lumiew village in Pyndengumiong village, Mairang on Thursday evening.
The relatives of the deceased have lodged a complaint at Nongstoin Police Station.
The District Program Officer, ICDS Cell, East Khasi Hills District, Kong S.Bang was the chief guest in the presence of Kong E.Kharchandy, Rangbah Shnong Mawtap Pyllun, Bah S.Kharchandy. RC Lyngkhoi, B. Kharbuli from the District Legal Services Authority, East Khasi Hills and the residents.
He said that the Rural Development Department is currently taking the census because the problem faced by the Rural Development Department is due to the lack of banks in the state. This section shows how to start the implementation of DBT in all the Block.
The day ended with the unveiling of the Jubilee flag by Sohblei Varikkaseril SDB and the singing of the Anthem of the Seng.
After discussion from many sides, the Union of Village Authorities, Sohra, in approving the urgent need for the Village Act, but on the other hand, decided to oppose and strongly urge the KHADC authorities should not propose or enact laws to create two authorities within one village, lest it lead to division within the villages, and worse, to cause division. inside the Shnong.
Speaking to media, CoRP President Bandari Ryntathiang said the raid Kharpati is against the appointment of Rangbah Shnong by the Sengbhalang leaders even though they have already been elected as Rangbah Shnong by the villagers.
You can buy 10 kilos of cards.
The Minister said that there is no problem with the money to start a business by taking loans from banks.
According to the rules of the MSPCB, Kim has received these two permits.
The Awareness Program was attended by many young children, young men and women, parents and elders, Dorbar Shnong leaders, office bearers and leaders of Laitkyrhong Sports. Clubs, Children's Clubs, SHGs and others are Voluntary Groups.
On the same day, he also launched two garbage trucks.
He said that under this scheme there are kid or which have been set by the government which is taken from the rules of the RSBY of the central government.
Shillong, July 13: The Government has said that the Roster will continue but the registration in the Roster Register since 1972 shows that the Roster will be from behind. Thomas Passah is the number 1 of all the jobs.
And if we have the goal, India will have to be among the 10 countries in the Olympics.
Many of the members of the Committee came together to discuss how to move forward.
Now we are retired and we don’t get anything from the Government.
Nitania Tariang (EKH) beat WGH 21-12, 21-8 while Shimtihun Lyngdoh beat WGH 21-12, 21-8 in the semifinals. (WKH) beat Nihaka Lamare (WJH) 21-12, 21-1
Hundreds of people attended the meeting and Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit Vice President of the HSPDP delivered his speech.
However, until today, no answer has been received.
Harvested products should be stored at a distance of 3 to 4 feet and strive to have only 1 or 2 people working in one storage area.
Shillong, July 19: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced the Assembly elections in the state on 18/01/2 They started removing posters of political parties.
Shillong, July 11: Jimmy D Sangma MLA of 45-Tikriklla and Marthon J Sangma MLA of 38-Mendipathar constituency of the TMC today resigned as MLAs. Jimmu D Sangma won the MLA election from Mendipathar in 2018 on the Congress ticket, while Marthon J Sangma won the MLA election from Mendipathar on the Congress ticket. With the departure of Marthon, four TMC MLAs have left, Himalaya M Shangpliang who has joined the BJP, Marthon J Sangma, u Shillong, July 12: Chairman of the Election Committee of the HSPDP, Witting Mawsor on Tuesday announced the names of nine candidates for the upcoming elections. I will contest the MLA elections this year.
Welborn Bynnud said that they will not rest but will force the government to implement the MCCL. He said that the Chief Minister Conrad Sangma will not be able to run the MCCL. a state where he cannot run a single state enterprise.
Shillong, November 30: U Junel Tongper, Area Commander of Jaintia Hills, today surrendered to IG Inderjit Singh Rana, IG BSF Meghalaya Frontier at Umkiang Border. Outpost in East Jaintia Hills District.
Joe Marwein President of FKJGP said that one of the objections of the FKJGP is that the answers of the students who write the examinations will be corrected by the teachers inside the colleges. you don't have to do shiliang.
The two Chief Ministers met with the Union Home Minister in Delhi today to inform the Home Ministry of the agreement between the two countries on the land for the on the border between these two states.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that during the inspection of the Legislative Assembly under construction where the Dome collapsed, all the members of the High Power Committee, which included the leader of the party, but did not come to Mawdiangdiang.
I ran and there were still leaders inside the house. I was filled with fear, a great fear that at this time even in my own home there is no peace.
The Pyndeng Nongbri branch has 137 households including 746 parakurs from the village.
On the other hand, KSU leaders from West Jaintia Hills District reached the village and found that the Assam police were present at Moojem village. ban the limit.
The SAHI platform displays 793 ancient medical devices, while the e-books of the Ayush project provide access to ancient books through digital media.
To date, more than T.2.42 lakh has been distributed to more than 11 crore farmers.
Because now it is only the beginning of this examination for the children will be held only in Shillong and they will come once every two months and if the government wants they can come once a month. will be paid through MHIS and with the support of Apollo.
New Delhi, Nailur 06: The Prime Minister today informed and expressed his views on various issues related to the G20 Presidency of India during the talks. and Moneycontrol.
Finally, the KSU Mynksan Unit urges the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to send its personnel back to the villages which have not yet been shondur so that those who have not been shondur can get them. fine.
Shillong, July 21: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has decided to fine the Chief Forest Officer for embezzling T. lakh and a forest guard who lost T.37.3 lakh tyngka.
Representatives of the five states of the region gave information about new tourist destinations and opportunities available in their states.
AT&C losses: The loss of AT&C services in the power sector in Meghalaya is 34.64% (2017-18) compared to the target of 27.50%. On the other hand, the vertical devolution from 42% to 48% should be increased from 42% to 48%.30% from 48% should be for the special category states to protect them from the union. revenue and the national economy which may affect revenue collection in the state.
After this payment, the government has taken back the land from the hands of the companies.
“It is a matter that has gone on, and it is not the responsibility of the state government, it is the responsibility of the Central Government and we have already sent information to them. forward in different areas and different rules and different discussions can be had with different groups from the Federal Government, from the State Government and from their side and we will assess how to proceed," he said.
The three organizations that received this donation are St. John's Catholic Church Cultural Committee Laban T.50,000/-, Hanuman Jayanti Utsav Samity Luckier Road T.50,000/-, Cantonment Harijan Hindi Fellowship Church 29- Cantonment Anjalee Area, ShillongT.50,000/- tyngka.
He said that after taking over as the Chief Minister, the state government has followed up on this issue and found that there were shortcomings in the beginning and this government has been able to resolve all those shortcomings. .
He said that in the coming year, it will reach Rs 1000 and Rs 500 crore.
The Meghalaya Resident Safety and Security Act 2016.
Besides, the party urges all the departments of the party especially those in the border areas as well as the Dorbar Shnongs, Youth Organizations, VDPs, NGOs and others to be vigilant in every meeting. These places so that there will be no infiltration of mynder in this Bri U Hynniewtrep.
Bah Shangkliar Warjri, Minister of State from the HSPSP, said that the party will take what the party has discussed today to the government. topic.
He said that if the people do not want to change their minds, they cannot be forced.
At present, the state does not have the personnel to manage, four persons who have been trained by the NRAI, they are Davis NR Marak, Balarishisha Rani, Anjalee Singh and John Thangjam.
Shillong, November 19: Replying to a question in the House on the decision to implement the Inner Line Permit, Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation 1873 in the state, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said that There is no need to go to the House of Parliament for the signature of the President to be issued in the Proclamation of Incorporation of Meghalaya.
Police took the injured to the Civil Hospital and on arrival at the hospital they were pronounced dead. The four injured were I Love You Talang, u The bodies of the four were taken to the Civil Hospital in Ialong while Ramesh Dkhar, Rikmenlang Lamare and police are still searching for them.
She said that the CRC will bring assistance for those with various disabilities and will provide training to improve the skills of those with disabilities and will enable them to stand on their own feet. their feet in society.
The party expresses its hope that it will have the opportunity to conduct such a program again for the benefit of the people.
The decision to open these venues was taken after the announcement by the State Government to open all venues in the state from 16th March in compliance with the rules and regulations. the place.
Later in the final of the lightweight 57-60kg category, Services defeated Railways through Akash who defeated Varinder Singh.
On December 22, 1946, he was baptized by Fr. Orestes Pavioti SDB. He was confirmed on June 7, 1959 by Bishop Stephen Ferrando.
The contribution of all citizens is essential for us to achieve our goals.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU), Bah Daniel Khynriem, has said that the party has nothing to do with any political party.
The DGP said that we understand that through the media we can make people aware of the dangers of these alcoholic beverages and the police will fight as much as we can against drug traffickers. .
The KSU Malki Circle on this occasion also awarded special honors to those students who have achieved distinction in Khasi subject in the SSLC examination.
The presence of these tourist attractions has attracted more than thousands of tourists every day from all over the world.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: U Major General Bipin Bakshi, VSM, ADG NCC, in charge of the North Eastern Region (NCC) today visited the school where he studied during his childhood. child.
Although the media has already announced the victory or defeat of the parties, the clear answer will be tomorrow morning when the boots will be counted. .
The funeral service was held at Labansaro residence in Umroi and after that the body was brought to Shillong for the Khasi cremation at Jaiaw Shillong in the afternoon. completed by the adults.
Angela Ryngat President of TUR and Agnes Kharshiing President of CSWO have sent a letter to the Chief Minister's Office today to put forward these demands. The Government has issued an order that now it is possible to sign documents and identify oneself, instead of sending signatures to Gazetted Officers and others, to identify oneself. instead of making an Affidavit.
As the Church still needs many priests to work within the religious state, this day was witnessed by tens of thousands of faithful of the Church.
Shillong, July 22: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has issued a notice that markets will be allowed to open from 4.00 pm to 4.00 pm.
It is also the time to get big, ride a car and choose any expensive car of your choice.
Pastor Gibbon, who has visited these areas many times and also reads the English newspapers from Shillong, praised the courage of Agnes Kharshiing in the fight against violence and discrimination against women as well as against corruption. Speakers at the service were Rev. PG Marbaniang, Rev. Gary Smith, Rev. John Kiely and Rev. David Gyero.
The government's action is like treating the people of Mawlai as foreigners from one constituency to another.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 15: The RBYDSO Central Body, through its President, Samla Dibishon Malai, has expressed its strong opposition to the government's plan to build a railway. ) in the Khasi-Jaintia Hills through the Bhoi District.
concluded the statement.
Therefore, the organization with a spirit of sympathy and sympathy for the request of this family, has sent the relief through the leaders and members who came together on this day to give the relief. .
VPP Spokesperson Dr. Batskhem Myrboh in an interview with reporters said that these fake flags were not sent by the VPP and said that this is the act of people whom the party does not. can be faithful to tip.
The vendors said that they started selling in 2019 and after the lockdown due to the spread of COVID-19, they had to leave the area temporarily as part of the follow the direction of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has increased this to Rs 90,000 crore.
It has been observed that there has been an increase in the arrest of people from other states in the North East as well as people from the state especially from East Jaintia Hills who intend to smuggle and traffic in drugs into the state.
In the view of Bah Lawan, education is one of the most important factors that can bring about economic development in the community and the region. To achieve this goal, he became the founder of Khatsawphra. College, which is now located in Mairang, His vision is that when there is education, development goes hand in hand.
He said that in his home state, Tamil Nadu, there are no such schools because they don't want Hindi.
The union demands that the DIPR should write a letter to the Press Council of India on this issue so that others will not dare to write falsely about other ethnic groups.
Imslem Thank you ! Muslim Bridge.
In the sixth category, two students scored 559 marks, including Felisha Kurkalang of St. Dominic Savio's Higher Secondary School, Shillong. , Health and Physical Education and Khasi, while Sanskrita Karmakar of Sherwood Tura received distinction in English, Mathematics, Science & Technology, Social Science, Health and Physical Education and Hindi.
“According to our understanding, there is an intention to introduce the division and increase of Constituencies through the Review Committee on Sixth Schedule to be introduced in this Dorbar Tlang of Parliament. “It will not cause any problems in the future,” said the President of the SNSNP, Bah Bantylli L.Narry.
It is to be recalled that this demand came after the leaders of the All Ribhoi Garo Headmen Association and the All Khasi Hills Achick Federation demanded that the Garo people should be allowed to become Rangbah Shnongs. in the Khasi Hills.
Furthermore, there will be 3 foreign films in this category.
The union demands that the district authorities should immediately expel the AMD employees and not allow them to drill and mine uranium in Domiasiat and Mawthabah if the current district authorities are not agents of UCIL. The Seng also strongly opposes the introduction of drill machines in Mawkyrwat and what has been done through the PHE department of the District.
When inquired, Bah Rynjah said that the Deputy Commissioner has promised to take care of this issue and said that a Joint Committee will soon be set up to resolve this issue. Lawsohtun Dorbar Shnong to discuss at this meeting.
He said that some candidates have contested and are still applying for tickets from the party. The Congress does not lack candidates although many have left to join other parties for reasons that cannot be. know.
The suspect was identified as Songsakar Golbin Momin, 30, a resident of East Garo Hills District, Meghalaya.
Other reasons include diabetes. The total number of deaths from COVId-19 in the state has risen to 6 so far.
For the information of the people of Jaintia Hills, the number of Trading Licenses in Jaintia Hills till the receipt of this RTI this year is: Ladrymbai, 508; Head, 387; Jowai, 257; Howkers, 42; Coal/Cement 48; Well, 33; Health, 38; Mystery, 20; Priest, 17; Thangkai, 12; Snowman, 8; Jalapheth, 5; Moopara, 4, Byndyhat, 2; Jewish, 6; barrel, 10.
One from East Jaintia Hills and one from Ri Bhoi.
The statement said that the four arrested persons allegedly shot dead a policeman at the house of SD Khognwir in Mawlai Iewrynhep after he stopped them without wearing a helmet.
The LYWA has not accepted the railway, not for any reason, but precisely because the government has not implemented strong security laws to curb the arrival of mynder.
The 12th is a holiday but SBI and UBI have agreed to join hands to make it easier for the people to get their money , if anyone wants to exchange their money they can on that day to receive five hundred and two thousand.
For the first time, the number of contributors was only T.4045 in 2011, in 2012, the income was T.19000 and la This year it has been T.24030 and seven persons have been distributed.
Shillong, July 03: The body of Bah Lovelystar Khongjoh, who went missing on the 2nd of this month at 11.30 pm, has been found by the residents of Lynshing village.
KSUJHDU (Streamly S Niangti) has expressed its concern over the government's failure to repair this road.
On the other hand, the farmers said that this natural disaster today will affect the rice because it is still in the time of harvesting because only next month it will be time to harvest the rice. mine.
Shillong, November 13: The Opposition and the ruling MLAs today slammed the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh for saying that there is no need to deploy a police force. Answering a question by Bah ECB Bamon MLA of Nartiang, regarding the Police Out Post in Psiar, the Minister of Home Affairs, HDR Lyngdoh, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, said that the government has no intention of setting up a police out post in this area as there is a low crime rate.
Therefore, we must continue to demand that the Notification, 1951 of the Assam Government should be repealed and these land should be brought back to Ri Hynniewtrep.
She welcomed the adoption of the approach involving various government departments to achieve this goal.
Thousands of people have died in the persecution of the Pakistani army and it is something that will never be forgotten by what India did in 1971 to liberate Bangladesh. .
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah Sun said that the meeting held today has decided that he will contest the MLA election in 2018 from Mawphlang Constituency. The party has not yet decided and will look into the coming days.
In the past years, the union has been involved in the protests organized by the JHTOA on the increase in transportation fees and at the same time the cement factories have been involved in the protests. The Notification shall be submitted to the State Government.
Shillong, July 25: Former President of India Dr APJ Abdul Kalam today visited the Don Bosco Center for Indigenous Cultures (DBCIC) in Mawlai. surprise those who look at this place.
The AYWO has sent a petition to the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma to demand that the government should return to Garo Hills.
“In the past, they allowed us to use the Rangbah Shnong seals but there was one organization that opposed it, while other organizations did not oppose it at all when we talked to them about it,” said Nickel.
Speaking at the opening ceremony of the three-day festival, Prestone said that the state government and the three district councils are working together. to preserve the customs and traditions in accordance with the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
The district authorities have issued this order today and it will come into force immediately until further notice. her.
Therefore, we request the government employees, office workers and the public including Mawsynram, Lawbah, Balat Ranikor, and other villages in these areas.
The Institute is now focusing on the region and he said that the youth of the region will be the leaders in the wish of the Prime Minister of India for a 'New India'
The Loan Guarantee Scheme (LGSCATSS) will provide loans to people in the tourism industry to relieve them of loans and resume their affected businesses. the COVID-19 pandemic.
This household has seven children and the household is now supported by the hard work of the elder brother. The HPF has donated as much as it can. “It is a sign of support for this house,” said Bah JF Tmung in a statement.
The Chief Minister said that this will be the beginning, in the future there will be more such articles in relation to other places in Meghalaya.
We urge the Meghalaya Karbi Association (MKA) to cooperate for the peace and happiness of the people in Block-1,” said the statement.
Speaking to reporters, the Minister said that members of all political parties recognized by the Election Commission will be members of the Standing Committee.
“In the biggest stadium in the world, the most recent country, in the biggest tournament in the country! When the tournament is this beautiful and special, the spirit should be special too," he said.
West Khasi Hills 5, Ri Bhoi 46, West Jaintia Hills 15, East Jaintia Hills 16, South West Garo Hills 4, South Garo hills 2, West Garo Hills 16 cases.
The first batch of students has completed the training today and certificates have been distributed to those who have completed the training.
They requested the candidates who will contest the MP election that those who win the election should remember to put in their manifestos to protect the state which is known as a Christian State, which will not be perfect. Because the Government of India and the State Government hold interviews and games on Sundays, as well as to discuss the border issues such as the border disputes with Assam, which often reaches the the murder of man.
The remaining names will be announced in the coming days.
Rev. EW Talibuddin, former Bishop of this Diocese and RM Garod Daloi of Nangbah District.
He said that those who are struggling are only those who do not see this destruction of the jaidbynriew if they do not have the kur.
The five arrested persons are Brik Mukhim, Block IV, Jesterfield Langstieh, Block II, Vice President of VDP, John Nongrum, Vice President of Block V. Iaineh Shylla, Asst Rangbah Shnong, Block I, Secretary of VDP and Shemphang Lyngdoh, Member of VDP.
In response to this order, the Finance Department of the State Government on the 17th of this month has issued a notice that the Government will pay 30 percent arrears to all employees. government, who are on leave and who are entitled to household allowance.
After research, the WHO has determined that there is no risk to human life or any health effects from EMF radiation.
In his speech, Bah RM Shabong, President of the Meghalaya Editors and Publishers Association, said that what is needed is that the Information and Public Relations Department of the State Government should be strengthened. , that there are government departments, which operate this office only as a signpost, where it is directed, but it shall only distribute news and does not have the authority to take any important decisions, in relations with the press.
After the speech, the Prime Minister tweeted, “India has launched the #LargestVaccineDrive in the world.
He said that since 2014, the North East has become a priority of the country under the leadership of Prime Minister Duh and since then there has been an unprecedented growth in the country. region.
Others who resigned along with Bah Sumer are Bah Biestar Sylliang who holds the UDP treasury in the district and Bah Elphin Kurbah and Bah Plielad Ksiar who are the Executive. Members sent their resignation letter to the Secretary of the party on the 13th of this month.
The Finance Commission has been in Shillong for three days and during its stay in Shillong they have met with political parties, the government and District Councils. Iechidarium is one of them.
Medulance also has trainers with 35 years of experience in running ALS and BLS, among others.
Telinia said that the NCPF has remembered to honor the MDCs, because many times the good deeds are not recognized but only the wrongdoings are remembered, but this honor will still encourage. They as leaders have to do something good and walk along with the voice of the people.
Assam Rifles Laitkor and Mawngap have reached the semifinals of the tournament today.
Shillong, July 29: The CSWO today in a statement expressed its strong opposition to the action of the state police to arrest those people involved in the destruction of mark sheets of students who have passed the teacher examination.
Speeches were delivered by Ngaitlang Dhar, MLA Umroi, including many of the supporters who decided to give the victory to the Congress party.
Shillong, Lber 17: The Cabinet meeting today approved the decision that the government will borrow US$300 million from abroad for the construction of roads, ropeways and river paths.
The office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District has issued a government announcement that the fare from Nongpoh to Shillong will be T.90 per fare and from Umsning will be T.70 per fare. on 01/12/2018.
On the other hand, the Syiem said that this ritual does not belong to the Hima Khyriem but to the Hima Shyllong which is held by the Hima Khyriem.
The party also sent a statement to those who are not indigenous people not to disturb the customs of the jaitbynriew lest there be ethnic conflict.
This is indeed a great loss, we have lost a mentor and encourager who has contributed a lot by being quick to give advice in this regard of this path of our struggle to protect the rights of the Hynniewtrep people. epic.
Jowai, Nailur 13: The Foreign Race Seeds Station of the Sericulture Department of the Government of Meghalaya, located in the border of Moodymmai Village, has been robbed by robbers on the NH 44 near Mookyndur West. Jaintia Hills.
Later, the BSF also conducted a free medical treatment to the BSF families at Dobasipara and 106 people received treatment.
This will be a warning and surprise to all so that from now on they will know and learn how to respect the district authorities or police not only in Wahkhen but throughout the villages or places in our country.
The meeting was also attended by the elders of the area and the youth organizations to inform the Chief Minister about the need for a Civil Sub Division. They also expressed their gratitude to the Chief Minister for upgrading the Mawthungkut Administrative Unit to the status of Civil Sub Division. and Mr. Rashir.
Regarding the arrival of Congress MLA from Assam Kamalakhya Dey Purkayastha to send a letter to the Chief Minister asking him to think twice regarding the implementation of the ILP in this year. The CoMSO demands that the MPCC should write to the ACCC and the AICC to withdraw the letter.
When you have arrested and charged them with the rules of law and now you have released their names and you have released their residence, did the police release their names at the time of the murder of Lurshai Hynniewta? what dkhar? How many people have been arrested, we don't know and if there are video clips but we don't have any information about it.
The government announcement was read out by Bah EP Kharbhih Secretary in charge of Home Affairs and handed over to the OC of Mawngap Police Station.
He said that what good is it to get development without health.
The Seng also urged Bah AL Hek to take action for the Sub-Centres, PHCs and CHCs which have many shortcomings in all aspects so that it will be easier for the people to have the opportunity to provide treatment is nearer than traveling to Jowai and Shillong.
In his speech, Bah PT Sawkmie MDC who is also the CEM of KHADC said that it is a pleasure to see that the elders have come out to contribute to the nation with valuable writings. , such as this book being launched today.
This was first discussed in the report of the Kelkar Task Force on indirect taxes in 2003 and thus the work took 13 years.
He said that the allocation from the Central Government for the states of the North East and Jammu and Kashmir is 100% from the Central Government while for other states in India the allocation is you have a ratio of 75:2
States should also look into the vaccination of those over 60 years of age as the vaccination rate for these people is still very low in Assam, Manipur, Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland and Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the HSPDP party has a foundation and it is for this reason that the house on the grounds of protecting its own people is strong and as a party it will continue to stand to protect the nation.
Many prominent sports teams have come to take part, except Garo Hills, but from the Khasi Hills almost all the districts have come.
: U Bah Roy Kupar Synrem, President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), on Tuesday appeared before the Sadar Police Station after being charged under the provisions of the MMP. HYC members raided and destroyed illegal residences of foreigners in Lum Survey recently.
The officer said that the detailed count will be received only tomorrow morning as there are still some polling stations which have not been counted due to the distance of the polling stations.
Besides the Khelo India scholarships for the winners of the tournament, the Assam government has also announced cash prizes for the winners.
Shillong, Lber 24: U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh MDC of Mawkynrew Constituency on Tuesday convened a meeting at Thangsning where thousands of people attended the meeting. He launched the MDC scheme of Rs 3 crore received from the KHADC. This Rs 3 crore has been allocated for the construction of dorbar halls, schools, lyngti shong and other works. was distributed to the public on that day.
The program is also the launch of the Drug Reduction Elimination and Action Mission (DREAM) program which was launched in July 2023 which aims to make the state drug free.
Sanjay Goyal, Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills will also be present on the occasion.
On the same day, the union has sent back all the foreign workers to their places of origin.
According to police sources, the father of the children, Bah Jefferson Jana, 29, had invited the children to play porn oh in the afternoon. It was about 9 o'clock when they didn't come back. The family members lodged a complaint with the Rynjah Police Station.
KSU-SWKHDU President Forwardman Nongrem said, “We have submitted a letter to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Police Department, Bah Prestone Tynsong. BSF troops have harassed traders and tourists living in border villages of South West Khasi Hills District.
The death toll from the disease in the state has risen to 149. The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has taken all necessary measures to curb the spread of the disease.
At this meeting, it was said that the government is looking for ways to set up a cow farm at Mawmerang in South West Khasi Hills District.
Because the DC has promised to repair the dam by the 9th, we respect the promise of the DC. The public meeting of the 17 Dorbar Shnongs of Namchiang on 28/05/2014 was not invited to this meeting .
The list of government employees will be based on the number of Khasi Jaintia, Garo and other ethnic groups. Once the list of government employees has been listed, the special allocation will be implemented. .
In his speech, CoMSO Chairman Robertjune Kharjahrin said that the protest will continue in the new year until the central government grants the ILP in Meghalaya.
The party doing the search will also benefit by having a portion of the auction premium to be paid by the lease holder.
The author said that through its rapid economic growth and socio-economic development, India has become confident and working for the presentation of the 'story of Bharat'
At the meeting today, the government has decided to expedite the operation of hotels and the decision is that hotels will be allowed to open from 1st November rules regarding hotels.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Meghalaya Health Insurance Schemes said that the MHIS-IV scheme will be launched by the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma on the 20th of this month. moon.
The Approval Board for the salaries of SSA teachers met on 22nd June this year in Delhi and has decided to increase the salaries of SSA teachers teaching at UP Schools. 20,493/- and for LP Schools T.19,044/-.
He urged that all those who go to buy and sell at the market should pay Tika. To facilitate the market visitors, a Tika center has been set up in the ground floor of Anjali every Saturday. They will have to submit their RT-PCR results within 40 days.
According to the UIDAI, Meghalaya has registered only 2675 candidates while Arunachal Pradesh has 1848 candidates.
The voting for the competition will start on the 28th of this month and end on the 3rd of July. 18001200803 or you can vote through the website. The support of the people will bring victory and glory to Meghalaya.
Besides many other demands , the party has put forward the demands of the Dy CM through the President Commander Shangpliang and the General Secretary , the demand for more funds for the agriculture department who die.
Shillong, Lber 13: The meeting convened by the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) with the Rangbah Shnongs to discuss the issue of Smart Meter, has been postponed due to the lack of attendance of the Dorbar Shnongs. to oppose the implementation of smart meters.
The meeting was to discuss three issues including the ban on issuance of Trading License, the exploitation of Hima in relation to the issuance of Trading Licenses to and to introduce an amendment to the AD Rules 128(1).
Shillong, Iaiong 02: The Minister of State for Food and Civil Supplies, James K Sangma today said that the government today has released T.26,38,75,500/- for the purchase of 1,000 grams of rice. 17,278 metric tonnes of rice to be sold to the public to alleviate the shortage of rice in the market.
Deb said Tripura is strong in the fish farming sector as the state has a good climate for the fish farming industry but it has not been developed.
“If the Government has a lot of money to spend for the festivals, it should also spend money for the improvement of this road which falls under the PWD Mawsynram Division. They stirred up the crowd of visitors.
The festival will be held on the 13th, 14th and 15th of June at Weiking Square, Jaiaw, Shillong.
In his speech, Bah Charles Pyngrope MLA of Nongthymmai, appealed to the people to support Bah Kharmalki, Congress candidate. you party.
Mairang Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, Mairang won the second place while Mairang Presbyterian Science College, Mairang won the third place.
It is regrettable that after 64 years (1952-2016) until today, the Khadphra (18) Elaka Dolloiship and one (1) Elaka Sirdarship in Jaintia Hills have not yet received a single Act or Rule. Area.
The President of the Joint Action Committee Hima Jirang, Bah Ophnal Thangkhiew, said that the JACHJ had to stand against the Syiem because he used force and tried to take over the land of the Hima and he could not give an account. the expenditure of the Hima.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner urged all the residents who are eligible to register on the electoral rolls who have reached the age of 18 years and above to come forward to register by providing the necessary documents. page to verify.
Many of these girls who are involved in such illegal activities of men come from poor families who have no opportunity to do anything and have to listen and stay alone. to sufferings and tears.
The CSWO urges all the people and various organizations to attend the rally organized by the CSWO on the 11th of this month. moon.
“It shows that the residents of the area are eager for education,” he said, congratulating the parents, teachers and all those who have taken part in the development of education.
At the same time to provide them with food, shelter, education and health.
The Cabinet also decided to start BA and B.Com courses which will create 39 new posts at the College Teachers Education in Tura. You don't have to go to college or you don't have to go to college.
Expressing his approval of the opposition's motion, the Deputy CEM said, “The House agrees to send the report of the Delimitation Committee to the Select Committee”.
The SOP says that cinema halls can be fully accommodated.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Namdong Unit has searched commercial vehicles and private vehicles to prevent Karbi from going to the market in Khanduli village.
What is needed now is that we need to be united.
According to Prof Kesab Bhattacharya, those teachers who cannot reach Delhi on that day can support their strike by holding flag raising ceremony in the states. which you have,.
Shillong, March 28: Police of Ri Bhoi District on Tuesday morning at 1.40 pm received a tip that a fire broke out at Umsning at the Trade Fair. The fire destroyed all the shops that came to take part.
“I have requested information through RTI to know the fees paid to the polling officers in different constituencies in Ri Bhoi and East Khasi Hills,” said Bah Jana. polling officers who are entitled to receive their share properly.
The JD(U), which is contesting from 16 seats under the umbrella of the National Democratic Alliance (NDA), has won two more seats than expected.
Shillong, July 20: Leaders of the Hill Farmers Union (HFU) today led about 150 farmers from South West Khasi Hills to the lemon grass farm at Byrwa. in Bhoi District.
On behalf of the students, Father Roby, Principal of Holy Cross Higher Secondary School Umkiang, expressed his gratitude to the BSF for giving this opportunity to the students. rural areas will have this opportunity to visit other parts of India.
He added that we should not allow foreigners to invade our land, to pollute our blood and to steal our language and culture. "Don't say what the country will do for us, but ask what you will do for the country," said John F. Kennedy, former President of the United States.
“If the suspension is temporary, I am no longer a member of the Congress party, after a year I will see the time, it will explain. After a year you must reach the PP soon, and soon we will elect the PP, and that too is clear in this letter, where they did not inform me anymore, and this is why I have been suspended. .
Referring to the NEDA, he said that this group is to discuss the issues of the North East as a whole.
The government hopes that through this opening of places of worship, it will help to raise awareness on the issue of Tika, said the Chief Officer of the State, MS Rao.
Shillong, Naitung 27: IAS Commissioner and Secretary Ripnar Lyngdoh today appointed Donald Philips Wahlang IAS. to be the Chief Secretary of the State.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: Leaders of the Meghalaya Asha Workers Union (MAWU) have visited Mawkyrwat to meet with the officials in charge of Mawthawpdah PHC and Wahkaji Sub-Centre. Twenty government health centers have not received their salaries from 2017 to 2019 for three consecutive years.
In fact, some of the senior leaders have turned sohpdung and it has been seen that the leaders have had to leave the party. In fact, the right time before the elections should not have happened like this. I didn't know because I wanted to make peace within the party.
For several months others have alleged that Bah Metbah, Bah Rymbui and I are involved in the Coke factories in West Khasi Hills which is not true.
The Leader of the HYC Riwar Mih Ngi urged and requested the Leaders of the Association to think together for the safety of the people so that we can get rid of this disease.
Also present on the occasion were Minister of Home Affairs HDR Lyngdoh, Chief Whip WD Sangma, Parliamentary Secretaries Cherak W Momin, Brigady Marak, Samuel M Sangma and Marthon J Sangma, Chairman of the State Development Committee. DGP Dr SB Singh, DIG Western Range Mukesh Singh, Deputy Commissioner SC Sadhu, Superintendent of Police Dalton P Marak and other government officials.
We know that banning smoking is the right thing to do, but the reality is that millions of people find it very difficult to quit smoking.
U Pa,im said that in the past years there have been many problems in the kingdom, he hopes that through this ritual of theirs will release all these things that come in this kingdom as a whole, he said. and the King of the Kingdom of Mylliem.
In the meeting, the traditional healers expressed the beginning of the shortage of kynbat and requested Bah John F Kharshiing, as Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer of Hynniewtrep, to talk to the Village Authorities, Raid. and Hima to set aside land for the cultivation of valuable plants of Ri-Bhoi.
He said that so far the water treatment plant in Mawiong and Mawiongrim villages has been completed and now they are starting at Umthlong Lum Mawnei village and the Treatment Plan at Lum Mawnei.
The workshop was part of the launch of meetings of stakeholders to strengthen women-led activities in the North East.
Inspired by the Prime Minister's determination to make India, the theme of the month of November is Self-Support.
The Union Minister for Women & Child Development, Smt.
The HYC has asked the Social Welfare Department whether these Lady Supervisors have been promoted and the answer we have received is that they are not allowed to be promoted.
Police conducted the search operation at Umshyrpi Point, Mawblei, Mawlai, Laban and Rilbong.
He said that since that day they have been without light and this has caused problems to these two villages especially to the students who are preparing for their upcoming examinations.
The campaign will be in four parts, the first is to raise the tricolor flag of India and sing the national anthem, to raise awareness on the issue of freedom fighters, to plant 75 tribes. and to take the pledge to make India self-sufficient by
"“We have only six months left and it's time to work hard.
When the SP News Agency followed up on the cultivation of syieng, it was surprising that Meghalaya has not been able to produce syieng seeds for planting, and the seeds have been purchased from abroad.
The Governor recalled the contribution of Sardar Patel's to unite India and protect the weak, the poor and the rich. The country reminds us of the times when the country was still fighting for independence.
Shillong, March 19: The Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) today scheduled a public hearing on the proposal of Star Cement to acquire 42,051 acres of land. hectares at Brichyrnot village in East Jaintia Hills District.
During the meeting with Nitin Gadkari, the Chief Minister discussed the roads in the state from Tura to Baghmara, Baghmara to Ranikor, AMPT road and Nongstoin-Maweit road.
He said that in the last three months the government has distributed T.120 crore and the Prime Minister has also distributed T.29 lakh interest free funds under the Community Scheme. Investment Scheme itself T.21 lakh.
The allocation for the construction of the 50 bed hospital is T.14 crore and T.4.5 crore has already been allocated. acres of land.
On the other hand, the Jaintia Hills Branch is ready to confirm on the 27th of this month once the new office bearers have been appointed.
The FKJGP urges the Government to issue a strict order to all financial institutions and educational institutions to respect the beliefs and religion of the Seng Khasi to avoid conflict. There are different religions in this state.
Thus these things were accomplished with courage and determination in their work.
At this public meeting which was attended by about 5000 people, Conrad said that the cause of poverty is the lack of roads and for this reason the NPP has set a target. that if it comes in time in 2018 the most important part should be to build roads.
In Garo Hills, which was affected by the Ring Remal, the SDRF team has left for immediate relief across the Division.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 07: The KSU Mawkyrwat Circle has expressed its deep sorrow over the suspension of the construction of the Block Institute of Education and Training Center in Sakwang Village, South West Khasi Hills District. now it cannot be completed, only the païa covered with sohpailen, the silver covered with sarang.
On this day, the members of the union carried signs on the streets and hoisted flags on vehicles and this was done throughout the Khasi Jaintia Hills. you have affected the people.
He said that the winners of the raffle ticket draw will be announced on this day.
The remaining constituencies, such as War East, Rambrai, Mairang, Pariong, Laban and Sohiong, have been directed to expedite the elections. in the month of April.
The reason for these checkpoints is that after the issuance of the NRC from Assam, many unnamed people have started fleeing to other states in the North East.
Shillong, Nailur 15: Today is the deadline for the Congress party to submit forms. to the candidates who wish to contest the MLA Election to the Legislative Assembly of the State to be held in the first half of
To avoid the spread of garbage such as plastic and others in streams, rivers, roads and to have a responsibility to keep the society clean in all aspects starting from the rympei house.
Our sins will find us once in a day.
In the petition, the union said that these people in plain clothes are collecting money in front of the police where there is a gate to prevent crime but the incident has happened. bring shame to the entire police department.
It is worth mentioning here that many units of the parties work and sympathize with the people only during the elections.
In a letter sent to the meeting today, it was made clear that the government, political parties and all civil society organizations are against the CAB. On the 29th and 30th, they took a decision to oppose the CAB in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: U Drew Von Glahn, Head of Development Marketplace Innovation Practice, today announced that the World Bank has opened the road for three states in the North East. India, Assam, Mizoram and Meghalaya to receive assistance of T.95 lakh to improve their work.
He said that they should be dug in a manner that is in accordance with the present era and if they are dug widely now it will be a threat to future generations.
They shall also swear not to corrupt, and shall bring in a District Council without any party, and shall swear that they shall sit without waiting for five years, if they do not do anything good.
Dr DD Lapang expressed his happiness after winning the victory and thanked the supporters of Nongpoh Constituency who have given back their trust and love to the Congress party. “This love and trust of the people will be a great blessing to the Nongpoh Constituency and the State as a whole.
: A foreign worker identified as Arjun Rai, 52, died at NEIGRIHMS Hospital, Shillong after being seriously injured in a robbery on Tuesday at 11:15 am. 10:00 pm at Umsohkhlur village in Mawlai Mawroh.
Delegates from DoNER, DPIIT, FICCI, NASSCOM, UNDP, Mastercard, Industry, PayTm, and others will participate in the programme.
On this occasion, it was learned that the four political parties have built gates and erected their flags at Umling and the raid on the mynder has started at Umling. Ri Bhoi District.
In a letter sent to the Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, the victim's husband is the pilot of the Air India will fly from New York to Delhi on 16 October
Edman Pawa, 38, of Samanda Williamnagar, Pukam Marak, 24, of Nengkhra, Chiam Sangma, 22, of Williamnagar, and Chigatchi Sangma, 21, of Rajabala, Williamnagar.
The meeting chaired by Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, Chairman of the Regional Committee for West Jaintia Hills in the presence of Piyush Hazarika, Minister of Information and Public Relations, Government of Assam, approved the that the members of the committee will visit the Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya.
At about 10 pm, the residents of the area found the body of Bah Mejar who had stabbed himself with a tyllai phasi and immediately informed the village authorities. and also to the Police of Nongpoh Police Station.
Modi said that from 16th July to the end of June, most of the vaccination campaigns in India were conducted within the Central Government.
In this regard, Sohra MDC Bah Titosstarwell Chyne who is also CEM of KHADC has written to the government urging the government to provide the necessary facilities for the factory so that they can operate. open up.
On 23rd June, 2016, the Minister of PWD, Bah Sniewbhalang Dhar, who was in charge of the PWD department at that time, visited this road. He said that T.15 crore has been allocated from the 2011-12 Special Plan Assistance (SPA) scheme for the construction of the Mawlai Bye-Pass Road which is more than 5 kilometers long.
This will be effective from 1 June 2022.
The KSU believes that this is also the failure of the PWD Mawsynram Division office.
The village has been included in the census since 2000-2001. It has a population of about 30 households, one school and one church.
This feeling raises questions regarding the Fundamental Values ​​that strengthen the Constitution of the country and the protection of the rights of minorities,” said the Seng.
Besides, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, said that the examination will have to be held again once again. “I have to write twice after the written test has been passed and the result of the personal interview has not been released,” said Shabong.
On the occasion of the National Postal Week, the Chief Postmaster General in charge of the North Eastern Region of India (NPO) has said that they will hold a special public awareness campaign to encourage people to deposit money in post offices. office, Insurer, information competition.
Shillong, July 05: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek today said that after the completion of the test center at the Pasture Institute, the state will be able to operate the Pasture Institute. Up to 800 people have been tested for COVID-19 per day.
What is the purpose of this school and why do we have to pass such laws?
However, Bah Mawrie requested to include his name and send it to the Prime Minister.
Other dignitaries present were the Archbishop of Shillong, Bah PS Dkhar, Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills and Dominic Sangma, Archbishop of Shillong.
Such disruptions in basic health services are unacceptable and can cause problems in the society as a whole,” said the Joint Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. you are Healthy.
The union said that from time to time the Jaintia Hills has been neglected in any area especially when we see that other districts of Jaintia Hills are more affected by this CoVid-1
In this incident, vehicles parked in front of Laitumkhrah Police Station including a Gypsy Police vehicle (ML02-0238) were set on fire while a Tourist vehicle (ML05-Y) was set on fire. -9977 was damaged by a stone throwing and a two-wheeler in the same area was damaged.
In a letter written to the Director of NEIGRIHMS, he said that the students who have applied from this state should be allowed to write their examinations in Meghalaya. .
The CBI investigation will come after which they don't know when it will start, but the most important thing is to arrest those involved.
Greatmercy Langte is also one of the singers who won the Best Performance of the Day award in the Meghalaya Superstar Season-2 in She also won the title of Miss Popular at the Fashion Wizard Mega Model Hunt 2019 and Miss India's Goodness Ambassador at the Miss India Black Carpet
They are Mawlai, Nongkseh, Mawpat, Pynthorumkra, Nongmensong, Nongthymmai, Umlyngka, Umpling, Lawsohtun and Madanryting.
Last year, about 40 tonnes of sohtrun were exported to a soh port in Karnataka and then to European and North American markets.
MPF Shella-Bhologanj Block Coordinator Bah Ksanboklang Kharshiing welcomed the guests.
Shillong, July 04: U Bah Sanbor Shullai, Minister in charge of Labor and Employment, on Tuesday said that more than 75,000 youths from the state have gone to work abroad due to unemployment in the state. .
After registering the names of the eligible vendors, the TVC will issue a Certificate of Vending (CoV) according to the availability of the vendors and also an ID Card will be issued to the vendors. which shall be valid for one year only.
NEHUSU said that the marks of the students are only 65-68% despite their good performance and this has made it difficult for the students to continue their studies at the Master's or to receive Scholarship.
He urged the VECs to take action to inform their villages if anyone wants to inform immediately about this need where the owners of the houses will have to provide only shiap saw tin and mawria lai tin and others. The requirements have been met through this project.
This is only an attempt to hinder the development of Kongthong.
At this meeting, he said that the union is very sorry for the paradoh parasnam from the area who work in this field because we understand how much they are suffering at this time from the payment of loans to the bank. those who have loans.
The middle of the moon is,” she brings the mantra of health to every household in India.
In Umsaitsning-Umsmu, a church of the Presbyterian Church in the village was severely destroyed by the storm at 3 or 4 pm on Saturday. which is believed to be the power of Kyllang, has struck the place of worship of the Christians and damaged it.
He said that in many places, while there are still many candidates, it is still good, this is not only in himself but in many constituencies. They asked the MLA of this constituency who was not involved in this meeting before taking a decision.
The purpose of the celebration was held today at Mawphlang PHC, which falls under the Mawphlang C&RD Block. and the economy of the country.
Bah Har Basalormaw from Umsning village, said that the problem is that they don't get fertilizer from government officers according to their needs and most of them have to buy from the market. They said that they weighed 10 kilograms.
“The Government's priority is that the poor live an orderly life,” said Myntri Rangbah Duh.
The Chief Minister's hope that the ILP will be granted only through a Notification issued by the President of India under Clause (2) of Article 372 as the ILP was granted to Manipur in 11.12.2019 is unthinkable because only in Clause (3) these words are clearly written – “UnquoteTherefore, it is now up to the 60 MDCs of KHADC and JHADC to take the responsibility to issue us the ILP because they are the custodians of the Sixth Schedule.
The Governor of Meghalaya was taken by the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly from the ground floor of the Legislative Assembly to the Legislative Assembly as usual for the Governor to deliver his speech. and he went into the council.
In these days, it has been seen that leading leaders of political parties like Congress, BJP, AITC have come to campaign in the state to seek the support of the people for their party.
In India democracy is older than the understanding of democracy in the west.
Seeing this, the governments have sought ways and means and this issue has been discussed in the Legislative Assembly from time to time.
Jowai MLA W.Shylla told SP News Agency that three land plots have been proposed to the government and now it is up to the government to take the land. decide to select a site from among the three proposed sites to provide the perfect landfill.
Besides these issues, the president said that the Association has also discussed other issues related to the problems of schools from Pre-Primary – Secondary especially the restructuring of schools. According to the Education Policy, the Minister has explained many things on this issue.
e.4 March 2013 from Shillong to participate in the program in Delhi as part of the celebration of International Women's Day from 8-10 March Arts (IGNCA),New Delhi.
The meeting decided to give time to the Committee to take a decision and establish a foundation and it will have to complete this task within two days and this decision will be announced at a public meeting at Mawkyndeng Market. Nongnah and the date of the meeting was handed over to the Committee to announce.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, he said that the protest has been going on for three days led by the president of the party, Bah Dapoi Laloo, in the presence of the Seng Manbei. , AHPUF and there are still those who have come to support.
The Regional Committee for Ribhoi District will hold its first meeting on the 23rd of this month to discuss the demarcation of the boundary in the second phase for the villages in the area. Block-II is located between the border with Assam.
Shillong, March 10: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawlai Circle has visited the house of Bah Ambrose Umdor, resident of Mawdatbaki Nongpathaw.
Speaking to reporters (Bah Hoping), u Bah Hoping, who contested the MLA election, said that the District Council has not honored him on 1st November, 2017 or laid flowers on his portrait. KHADC has closed the office without completing the procedures. Hima like Mylliem and others have closed the office but did not remember to respect it.
Shillong, Nailar 02: The United People's Front (UPFKL) has been trying to intimidate the Khasi-Pnars living in the country. The Khasi Students Union (KSU) of West Jaintia Hills District has sent this statement to the residents of Block-1 those who live near Assam should not be afraid.
These teachers are teaching in schools from Lower Primary, Upper Primary and Secondary Schools, which include Adhoc and Deficit Schools.
On the allegation of corruption in the NPP party, Dr Ampareen asked whether anyone dares to say that there are clean ones, all parties have their own shortcomings, as the leaders themselves have shortcomings. in fact, the questions remain the questions.
A case has been registered at Jowai Police Station under Section 376 of the Indian Penal Code.
Sadly, even today, violations of those rights continue to happen around the world and even in Meghalaya.
He said that when thinking about the distance of the road, the spirit is weak but when thinking about the problems faced by the people, it encourages them to move forward to express to the government the problems faced by the people. .
The arrest of NLCN members has risen to 11 including a 16-year-old Class-10 student, police said.
The Seng cannot fail to congratulate those officers who have worked hard and fairly in their duties, and we also give our full support to you to make proper use of the powers given to you. You must work independently for the benefit of the community, the area and the district as a whole without discrimination whether young or old.
This is to support the government company.
Manoj Das, Officer in charge of the Assam Art Gallery, Guwahati, said that there are many children who have talent in painting and they can take many opportunities to train themselves so that they can get jobs.
On this occasion, the village officials, Hoping K. Kongor, the village government and other elders were present.
On the other hand, the BSF, after completing all the necessary procedures, has handed over to the Police to take the necessary action according to the law.
Shillong, Sept 05: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Nongkrem Circle has donated rice, umphniang and dai to 25 households in Rngikseh, Nongkrem.
Shillong, November 30: The President of the KSU, Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar today launched the 300th Almanac. This was announced by Peter Wahlang at Student Square.
Taking part in the meeting, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma in his speech, said that this is a matter of concern.
“Everyone is commanded to follow this law without fail.
Many of the people have decided to vote on that day by signing their names.
The Committee has decided to support the candidate for the MDC Election to be held on 24th February 2014 and to demand the ticket from the Jirang Block Congress. the rules of procedure of the Congress Party.
The KSU leader said that if the government does not do anything, the KSU and the villages of Dawki area will protect themselves from the Bangladeshis.
The damage caused by the release of water from Dam Umiam last year has amounted to tens of thousands of rupees. Rice fields and farmland have been affected, especially in Tyrso, Umtngam, Umroi and Mawhati. Charles MDC said that the people should not lose hope, according to the soskular they should get assistance if the water released damages the farmland. .
I have directed the Meghalaya Resident Commissioner in New Delhi to provide assistance to the pilgrims,” he said.
The Farmers Union (FFA) has prepared to celebrate the Farmers' Day in the state tomorrow as announced a year ago and it is gratifying that the government today has issued this announcement. government.
"“The union strongly warns the bill light holders (Franchisees) not to exceed the limits granted by MeECL under the Electricity Franchise and if found in the future the union will not hesitate to surrender. to the law enforcement authorities to take the necessary action.
This will happen to the generations to come.
The new Ramakrishna Mission School was inaugurated by the Governor of Meghalaya, V. Shanmuganathan today at Shella, East Khasi Hills, Meghalaya. BSF Chief PK Dubey, P Lawai, Secretary, SPVS and others were also present.
New Delhi, Lber 26: The Minister of Finance has announced a donation of T.1.70 lakh crore under the Pradhan Minister Garib Kalyan Yojana for the poor to help them fight against Corona Virus. 50 lakh each for health workers who are fighting against COVID-1
The march started from Malki from the memorial of former KSU President Bull N Lyngdoh and ended at the Additional Secretariat parking lot.
The Election Commission has ensured that the election will go smoothly to avoid any disturbances and this has been well discussed and the police have done their job to ensure that it will go smoothly.
Shillong, Nailur 16: Answering a question by Winnerson D Sangma, the Minister in charge of Rural Development, Bah Hamletson Dohling, said that the government is looking into the desire to open new blocks. .
Those who wish to join the BSF can take part in this special recruitment for Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the Air Marshal promised to assist in times of need as much as they can and wants to have a cooperation.
In the meeting with the PHC, it was found that there is an ambulance but it does not have the necessary equipment such as oxygen and equipment to help the patients on their way. to provide an ambulance immediately for the benefit of the people.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Fatima Kharthangmaw said that he has done many things that cannot be explained. “It's not like I'm going to be able to do anything for the people of the Congress party, but I don't care about other parties,” she said.
In this regard, there have been many tragic incidents in which people have lost their lives and at the same time the government has already filed a case against those who protested.
It is to be recalled that the present MDA government has decided to hold Cabinet meetings in all the district headquarters in the state to understand the problems of the people of those districts.
She said that in fact, when there is no party with the majority to rule alone, the Governor should have called the party with the majority.
Incidents such as the alleged petrol bomb blasts around the country as reported in the media during these days of protests especially the incidents of shop blasts in the market and one in Khyndai Lad near Dreamland which happened today, may have been caused by people who take advantage of such occasions to promote the name of the political parties.
The day is commemorated by the community and an annual wreath-laying ceremony is held.
John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Legislative Assembly of Hynniewtrep, said that it is good news that the Government of Meghalaya has passed in the Legislative Assembly in March 2012, the Bill. how and how much money will be allocated to the Dorbar Shnongs, Dorbar Raids and Dorbar Himas, and urged all the Shnongs and Himas to be prepared in terms of the budget in this regard.
TUR says we need an India that rules on the basis of mutual respect and respect for the rights and freedoms of the different ethnic groups and religions in India.
Shillong Lajong U-13 will face Parappur FC on the 22nd of this month at Howrah Stadium at 9 pm.
He said that 13 civil society organizations have already sent a letter to the state government to talk within the government regarding the MRSS Act, but so far they have not responded. see that discussion within the government.
He said the region is part of the Himalayas and Indo-Burma bio-diversity hotspots – two of the 25 such hotspots in the world.
Expressing his rejection of the report, the Leader of the Opposition, Bah Titosstarweel Chyne, said, “The EC has brought the report quickly without giving time to the members of the House to read and consider it”.
Our opposition will continue for the sake of preserving and protecting the Umngot River and to maintain the close relationship we have with the Umngot River from generation to generation.
After receiving a clear reply from the CEM of KHADC, Bah Karnes Sohshong MDC of Mawkyrwat has withdrawn the resolution which he brought today in the KHADC. Shillong, Lber 30: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) today announced that it will hold a public meeting at Polo Ground on the second day of the month. UDP MP candidate Dr Jemino Mawthoh.
Shillong, Lber 13: The Minister of State for Home Affairs, Jirang Hima, on Tuesday said that the border crossing of Assam in Ri Bhoi District is not only at Umshru but almost all parts of the border. The Chief Minister of the state and Assam are from Jenrikang and they are heading straight from Umshru to Paham and now they have reached the border at Snomik Kalwing.
According to the permission requested by the civil society, the meeting will start at 11.00 pm.
Shillong, Naitung 13: The KSU Students Union (KSU) South West Khasi Hills District today led a meeting with the President of KSU West Khasi Hills District under the leadership of Forwardman Nongrem and John F Nonglang. Minister of State for Electricity Abu Taher Mondal has urged to expedite the construction of electricity generation from Wah Kynshi.
After the injuries, the elders of the village and the police have evacuated and when the residents of Lapangap village received this information, they rushed to the scene where the Karbi fled. area.
VC of NEHU and Chairman of the Task Force Committee and also the committee as a whole to take action for the benefit of the Jaintia Hills as a whole.
Dr. Rajiv Garg, DGHS will be the Nodal Officer from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to oversee all the preparations at ITBP. All health related services will be provided by a team of doctors at both these Centres.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, one of the colleagues at Meghalaya House Kolkatta said that Bah Mawlong had been suffering for several days but they had tried to send him to the hospital. the city refused to take care of him.
In a statement sent to the media, the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Bah S.Nongtnger, said that on the 12th of this month, at 2:00 pm, the police Teiborlang Kharmutee, 38, resident of Mawdiangdiang, Shillong, has been missing since the 11th of this month. He was last seen at Tynring Bus Station at Iewduh at 5:00 pm.
Tura, July 16: One of the most exciting sports to watch has started at the 5th Meghalaya Games.
However, the party has issued a clear statement to the government.
Shillong, July 20: Ten policemen have been awarded the Governor's Police Medal 2021 on the occasion of the Independence Day of Meghalaya.
This donation by the police will be of great help to the poor and sick during the time of blood transfusion.
In this regard, the Seng will never allow the Bri U Hynniewtrep to have to give land once again to the Bangladeshis within the border of the Bri U Hynniewtrep because the Seng has seen what has happened in the past. 1971 when Indira Gandhi gave land to the Bangladeshi refugees who fled the Bangladesh Liberation War in 1971 in Rynjah.
To arrest the bike thieves, police have seized two bikes number OD-04-EOD-04-E- from Pynursla. 9447 and another number ML-05-G-1066 were seized from Wahkdait.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Guest, Ma Stephanson Mukhim, congratulated the youth from War area who are studying in Jowai for their ability to hold such a large programme. He also urged the youth to have a spirit of perseverance in any work in the journey as young people so that they can move forward in their remaining lives. He said that as young people who come to study in Jowai, they should understand that they come here to study here in Jowai and not for anyone who can destroy the country. She urged the youth to have the opportunity to read books through their dedication to reading books. They are the future of the country and the nation as a whole.
He said that the state still has many problems such as the border issue with Assam, unemployment of youth, agriculture, government employees and so on. teachers.
This child's household has been informed that the household is not respected.
Dr. Ampareen said that kwai is one of the agricultural products that the Ministry of Agriculture has improved in the coming years. Lyngdoh Tongkhar, who wanted to know whether the kwai was sold as a commodity.
The awarding ceremony was part of the celebration of the anniversary of India's victory over Pakistan in the 1971 Bangladesh War.
The Dorbar Shnong Wapungskur has also demanded that the NHAI should address the problem faced by the people on the NH-6 which passes through Wapungskur.
The raid was also attended by the elders of the raid and the day was enriched by the dance of the women according to the customs and traditions of the area.
“Therefore, many questions arise when we discuss these issues which we may not be able to answer.
Your Childs Line Number is
On the non-nomination of candidates in all nine constituencies, he said that the party does not want to give tickets openly, it wants people who have the understanding to put the people first. come to apply for tickets but the party cannot accept them.
At that time they tried hard to preserve the snap of human dignity and got the state of Rilum without bloodshed.
There are 8,80,101 people who have been vaccinated for the first time, 1,94,684 for the second time, while the total number of people who have been vaccinated in the state is 1,94,6 today.
To explain this to the public, a public meeting will be held at various places.
He also revealed the name of one of the participants, Sanborlang Rapsang, who helped to find the route to Bangladesh last year.
During the visit, the Chief Minister said that the natural damage to roads and bridges has been across the state, but the most affected is the bridge on the Bondumali River which falls under the of West Garo Hills District.
At a meeting held at Umroi today, the people unanimously requested the UDP party leaders at the District and State Level to give the ticket to the former MDC of Umroi. Constituency for the period 2004 to
In his speech, the Prime Minister said that looking back, we remember with pride the great heroes of India who fought for independence from foreign rule.
The union demanded that the corporation should recognize the day laborers who have worked for many years as full time employees.
Let’s work hard to reach different markets in this world.
On the other hand, the Director today said that he apologizes if it has spread to other media his allegation.
“We have also sent a proposal to the State Government to provide a Voluntary Retirement Scheme (VRS) for 123 employees who have applied for a long time. 272 MTC employees,” Melinda Shullai, Vice President of the group led the members of the group to convey the issue to Bah HDR Lyngdoh, Minister of State. “The Minister has asked for a day to implement our demand and said that he will call the Principal Secretary and Commissioner of the Transport Department to consider the Additional Subsidy sent by the State Government. the MTC to the State Government.
Union Ministers, MPs, MLAs and Village Leaders also attended the meeting.
This refusal to accept documents will create problems for women from this state.
“In fact, we don't know that they will build the park, it was the village authorities who informed me and they also informed me that it was the Golf Club which sent the proposal to the Government which also approved the scheme to build the park. to the Park.
These items were brought from Dimapur in Nagaland.
Ampati, November 22: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today inaugurated a 100 bedded hospital at Ampati in South West Garo Hills District. region in the healthcare sector.
Speaking to reporters, IPRY Leader Amitav Joyprakash Chaudhury said that the government's top priority now is to amend the Drug and Cosmetics Act 1945 and others. other laws relating to health.
General Shankar Choudhury, former Rajya Sabha MP and former Chief of Staff of the Army, gave a special praise to the Rajya Sabha MP.
Police have taken the vehicles to Jowai Police Station and registered a case against them.
The Meghalaya People's Human Rights Council (MPHRC) today commemorates the 10th November as the Human Rights Day.
Shillong, July 01: While the world is preparing to welcome the New Year 2013, ULFA militants are taking advantage of the opportunity to enter India from Bangladesh.
Shillong, Lber 20: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, retired Judge PK Musahary on 18/3/2021 has directed the Investigation Committee to investigate the allegation against the GHADC and the report should be submitted to the office. within 15 days from the date of issuance of this order.
The construction of houses for the maintenance of this herbal medicine has been completed at a cost of T.7.77 crore at Sohpetbneng Hill which is the land of KHADC. Teiborlang Ptahaw EM in charge of KHADC buildings, said that the KHADC wants to complete the project. The Institute is a separate institute because what remains now is the construction of a well for this area, to install water and electricity and a few wells that have to be done.
During the inspection, the Seng found that the Assam Government has a real intention to build a Police Outpost in another area which is the Village Forest of Khatkasla and Psiar Villages.
Shillong, July 27: The Commissioner of Customs (CBIC) today celebrated the International Customs Day 2023 at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: Kabak Yano, a mountaineer from Arunachal Pradesh, has made history by reaching the summit of Mount Everest on 21st June,
The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District said that the office will soon conduct a public hearing on this scheme and the office will also announce the names of the households. who are eligible for this assistance from the federal government.
Shillong, Jymmang, 04: The FKJGP Mawtawar unit has expressed its happiness that the Umjer group from Mawlai Mawtawar has won the India Got Talent's in Color. Channel where the children of this village have not come forward.
The use of computers and mobile phones by young people has even shortened the age at which visual impairment is most affected when they reach the age of
The beneficiary of PM-SVANidhi, Kong Please-Mary Dkhar, who is a shopkeeper, said that the scheme has helped her a lot and it has been easy to get loans through this scheme.
Lambokstarwell said that the Autonomous District Council has been in existence since 1952, but there has been no safeguard to prevent the entry of foreigners.
As Prime Minister Narendra Modi said, “Congress Mukt Bharat, an India independent of Congress, must succeed,” she concluded.
It is the prayer and aspiration of many to open parishes across the Great Religious State for spiritual care.
He said the Cooperation Department has sent a petition to the Supreme Court.
Sangma also released a song in 2010 and this is his second.
The MDC of Mawlai said that in honor of him, the people of Mawlai area want to preserve the name of Bah FS Kajee. that this road has been completed as it is now.
In this regard, the entire Block-II should not be destroyed and those others should stay in Block-II, but these 21 villages should be within Meghalaya and at this time it is to be able to resolve this border dispute.
As soon as I went outside I found that my son was lying on the floor and when I went to pick him up, the electricity struck me.
Shillong, Nailur 25: The Women's Wing of the BJP party has conducted a free medical camp at Maweitnai village in Mylliem.
The political parties that have nominated 29 candidates for the GHADC MDC elections are the Congress party 29 candidates, the NPP 29 candidates, the BJP 21 candidates, the NCP, the UDP 18 candidates and independent candidates. in this contest for this election.
According to the count, 6 houses have been received from Ranikor Block and 7 from Mawkyrwat Block. sun.
The Superintendent of Police, West Garo Hills, said that 18 persons have been arrested and the search for others is ongoing. .
On this occasion, the Minister in charge of Home Affairs, Bah AL Hek, laid a wreath in honor of this great man of the Khasi people and burnt a mombati in front of his portrait. .
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya has said that the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution will lead to the unity of India. the fifth article of the Constitution.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: Speaking to the members of the Joint Action Committee of Sohiong Hima, the Deputy Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today said that The EC has given the Syiem of Jirang Hima until the 25th of this month to return the Nongwah Mawtamur raid to Sohiong District.
In Tura, the contest was between former Lok Sabha Speaker Purno Agitok Sangma and Daryl William Cheran Momin, the Congress candidate.
As a sign that these youths have completed the training and are ready to join the army, the ARC today conducted a physical training for these youths in the presence of The families of the young men who have joined the army.
Police have been deployed in the area to ensure that the protest does not cause any trouble.
At present, only the central government departments and private companies in the state are implementing the EPF. The state government offices have not implemented the scheme.
The Congress government should not be corrupt or biased in calling for talks with the HNLC, because the loss will be to Meghalaya as it is now.
The purpose of this amendment is to completely ban the Khasi identity of those who marry non-Khasis.
The Non Gazetted Employees' Association (NGEA) of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GEA) has extended the deadline of seven days to release the outstanding salaries of up to 32 months of employees.
In Dalu Civil Sub-Division, Ian Botham K Sangma launched the flag.
MLAs, officers and family members of the two ministers who were sworn in as ministers in the MDA government were also present on the occasion. No MLAs from the opposition were present at the swearing-in ceremony.
The school is located in Block-6 of Lawsohtun Village.
At this meeting today, the Cabinet approved the amendment of the Meghalaya Victim Compensation Scheme 2019, in accordance with the National Policy to increase the provision of assistance.
The union has informed the police at Umsning Police station and the police have immediately sent back these people to Assam. they did not return them.
This had implications for the GSDP and revenues of the state.
Sports activities fall under the jurisdiction of the States and the purpose of this discussion is to encourage them to hold sports events in rural and urban areas for athletes with disabilities and also to oversee the search for talented players from the rural areas.
The Prime Minister stressed the responsibility that comes with being elected in the defense or security forces and said that the Government has taken good care of the needs of the armed forces.
Shillong, July 16: Four people have lost their lives in the heavy rainfall in Meghalaya today.
The Minister of State for Law, Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh in her speech said that the government will continue to support the courts. Justice HS Thangkhiew delivered the welcome speech, Justice W Diengdoh delivered the welcome speech. DP Wahlang and others.
There are dozens of residents who pass through this road from Balat to Hatmawdon and join the Umaim River in Shella. Ryngku and Mawdon suffered during the rainy season.
The Meghalaya State Kickboxing Association congratulates the WAKO Indian Kickboxing Federation for taking the responsibility to bring Samla Hame Shaniah Suiam to the goal of ranking fourth in the world at the 2017 World Championship. .
The Chief Guest was the Executive President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association, Bah John F Kharshiing.
On the part of the students, they thanked him for his visit to the school.
The total number of recoveries so far is 2190, 1,17,518 samples have been taken, 1,13,184 have tested negative, 298 results are pending and 298 have been tested negative. There are 36,570 cases in the state.
On the 21st of this month, Shaniah, a friend of Dehas Swer, resident of Dkiah (West), has arrested the relatives of this young girl. Dehas Swer, who was sent to Lad-rymbai to buy the child, was sent to Lad-rymbai but Dehas had an evil spirit instead of going straight to Lad-rymbai. He took the child to a deserted place and raped the young child.
Lawai said that the presence of these check posts will lead to a shortage of police inside the Mawryngkneng Police Station where they will no longer have to patrol to the villages and also on the highways in the Mawryngkneng Police Station. that it has brought about the spread of wickedness in the villages.
At the same time, he urged all the employees to do their job properly because the government has given what the employees need. of employees.
There was also an exhibition of traditional costumes and dances of the people of the area organized by Bah Really Lyngskor, Bah Ferdinand Dkhar, Head of AIR and Doordarshan. AIR and Doordarshan employees.
Samla Shemphang in his speech urged and requested all those who have the sympathy to help these families who have suffered such disasters.
Replying to a question, the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Titostarwell Chyne, said that the Executive Committee has spoken to the state government but it has not yet released it. trying to mislead.
Only those who have climbed to the summit of this stone understand the enjoyment, happiness and excitement without any hesitation.
On the other hand, the Samla Nongialam of the area said that if the authorities do not do anything until this monsoon, the Seng will not hesitate to take other measures to ensure the safety of the people. government officials for the welfare of the villagers.
Vehicles issued to the CEM or EM, Chairkman and others belonging to KHADC and JHADC shall not be allowed to be used by candidates to contest the election.
He said that the committee has selected the people by looking at their families, their circumstances, and it doesn't just select people by chance but the committee has looked and analyzed thoroughly so that those who get, they're right really.
To provide convenience to the people, the Hima Mylliem, which is in charge of the market, has built stones on top of these water pipes. On Tuesday, u Pa,im Ainam Syiem, during his visit to the market, informed the Minister of Urban Affairs.
“However, the investigation into the incident is ongoing," he said.
Explaining about the special features of 54IFFI, Prithul Kumar said that the Best Web Series (OTT) Award has been launched this year.
The Chief of Nongkhlaw, the Chief of Myriaw, the Chief of K.Syiem, the Chief of Mawiang, the Chief of N.Syiem, the village leaders of the area, the farmers, members of co-operative societies (SHGs), teachers and students.
As we celebrate the International Day of Yoga, it is important to recognize the power and responsibility of the media in promoting this ancient and beneficial practice.
Golf Section.
In his speech as president, Bah Pangniang explained the progress of the party to date.
Mr. Kharshiing presented a presentation entitled, “Education and Sports: A Balanced Approach” and spoke about the importance of sports to build the body, mind and human characteristics of the individual. .
The country will no longer be weak in terms of security.
It was in 2018 that former Indian cricket captain Sourav Ganguly laid the foundation stone for an indoor cricket training center at Polo during his tenure as BCCI Technical. Committee Chairman.
The Development Commissioner and Principal Secretary, Health and Family Welfare, Sampath Kumar, spoke about the MSCEA, a new policy and initiative that has brought many benefits.
This will be implemented in 2 weeks.
Those who have recovered so far have risen to
This shows the appreciation of the region by the department under the leadership of our Prime Minister.
The last question will be how those buildings benefit the people.
Tirot Singh and his troops fought against the British for four years using what was known as guerrilla warfare.
Mairang, July 18: Khatsawphra College and Higher Secondary School Mariang has held a ceremony to honor the students of this college who have passed well in the Secondary School Leaving Certificate conducted by the Meghalaya Board of School Education today. 2017, in the field of Arts and Commerce.
On the same night, police seized a Mahindra Scorpio number MZ01-D-6525 at BMS Fuel Station Nongsning. Paul was seized from the vehicle with 353.34 grams of heroin.
To address this problem, the Government has done what was necessary three years ago to create the District.
In 1972, he was elected President of the Jaintia Students Union and in 1980 they formed the Meghalaya Students Union. In 1986 he joined the HPU. In 1997 he joined the UDP and left in
We have made it clear that those who spread violence should be punished without forgiveness.
He said that although the government has set up a review committee and perhaps with the existence of this committee, the government may not invite them anymore, but on their part, they have decided that this The committee set up today will meet with the government on this issue.
Drug abuse not only affects and causes various diseases to the addicted person but also destroys the family and especially the society and the nation as a whole.
Shillong, July 01: Singers from all over India have participated in the Soso Tham Auditorium Shillong today. Mid Night Garden Factor (MGF) has won the title.
To continue their protest to demand the government to implement the ILP in the state, they have called for a night curfew from the 5th to the 7th of this month. from 8 o'clock in the morning until 5 o'clock in the morning.
According to the information received, after the children found the bodies, they immediately informed the Nongstoin Police Station. arrive at the bag.
There are also foreign workers who have been ordered not to work because they do not have a Labor Licence.
Income depends on the availability of roads and the present government is very concerned about this.
Referring to the MP election, Dr Roy said that they have not yet discussed with the NPP to have a joint candidate, Bah Sniawbhalang Dkhar who was present at the meeting. Speaking to reporters, he said that as the MDA party, we are happy to have won the mid-term elections, but as a human being we have feelings.
Shillong, Nailur 05: The United Legend Bikers Association (TULBA) today celebrated the Teachers' Day by distributing mementos to many schools in Shillong.
Speaking as the chief guest, he said that the district has many natural resources and this district is blessed in this regard. He said that the youth should change their mindset and not just wait for government jobs and if they want government jobs they should look for them after completing their studies. they.
This was announced by the Executive Director of the State Disaster Management Authority, Matsiewdor War Nongbri, while giving an estimate of the affected 199 villages across the state.
The Government has been looking for ways and means to improve the lives of the people in the rural areas as well as the people living in the urban areas.
If there is any intimidation of the people and to prevent any conflict between the ethnic groups, this Act shall come into force immediately.
The scheme facilitates business activities and encourages local shops and small shops to become Wi-Fi hotspot providers – Public Data Office (PDO).
The protest was held at the Congress Bhavan Shillong and was attended by Congress office bearers in Meghalaya.
He said that during the three-day meeting, many issues between the two countries, such as terrorism, border trade, have been resolved. there is cooperation on both sides.
The BJP has made it clear that as a party it has no intention of bringing about any change in the special allocation for the minorities in the country. the minorities within the country in terms of special allocation for them.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: As part of the second phase of the protest against the National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS) against the delay and irregularities in correcting the errors in the resolution of the training examination, in the field of teaching Diploma in Elementary Education (D.El.
The award is known as the Maitshphrang Academic Award,
This surprised the villagers that this could happen while there was a meeting at this place.
Seiñ Kur Dkhar East Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: No new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Meghalaya today. There are three cases of COVID-19 in the state.
We have already submitted RTI to the office of the DC South West Khasi Hills District regarding the registration of foreign workers under the Work Permit Scheme but the problem is that there is no report at the District Level. Team showing that they have registered all foreign workers in accordance with the Work Permit.
Jowai, July 28: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) through RTI has found that NEHU has failed to build the Jowai Campus at Wahiajer village in West Jaintia Hills.
He said that the empowerment of the youth is to bring about change in society and in governance and peace and order in the world.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma on Tuesday said that only the court can grant bail to the arrested members of the North East Petroleum Mazdoor Union (NEPMU) but not the government.
Out of the four Congress MLAs who have been temporarily suspended, three have joined the NPP, Kimfa S Marbaniang who joined today, Ampareen Lyngdoh and Mohendro Rapsang who have already joined the NPP. Thousands of supporters of Bah Kimfa have joined the NPP party at Rambrai today. Thousands of supporters of Bah Kimfa have joined the party. Kimfa has been confirmed as the NPP candidate for the Rambrai Constituency in the 2023 MA elections.
The residents who came to visit the Umiam Lake, have asked whether the Tourism Department of the Meghalaya Government will say what about the collapse of this well which has been covered with shyiap in the byrni. shall the employer be blamed or the government department shall not be responsible?
On the other hand, the people of KHADC feel that this initiative of the CEM of KHADC is a blessing to the poor people of the village at this time when the people are facing difficulties.
At the time of writing, police are still searching for the suspects.
In the past few years, after being left unused, the winery has started again but for unavoidable reasons they have had to stop and will start again soon. .
The number of samples tested per day has increased to 2,82,511 samples yesterday.
According to the NFHS, the ownership of women in Meghalaya is only 29.4% in their own names.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Sanbor Shullai said that they will meet with the party leaders in Delhi and they have already asked for pornography from the party leaders. to discuss this matter.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Nikman Ch Marak MDC of the GNC said that the names of the EMs have been sent to the NPP-led EC. on 26/4/2021 to the Governor of Meghalaya for his approval.
The three Bangladeshis were identified as Aril R Marak, Lelin R Sangma, Niranjan Hazong, Ashish R Marak and Waylit CH Marak.
There are many people who are not members of the BPL List, if they apply from the Block Development Officer's Office to get this benefit, it is not difficult to get it.
Under this Act, it is clear that a non-Khasi cannot claim to be a Self Styled Headmen to issue syrnot and do this or that,” said the CEM. Them Rynjah village has been appointed as the Rangbah Shnong.
Compound Mix Team, Savitribai Phule Pune University  represented by  Parth Sunil Korde and Mahek Pathan won  the gold medal,  Lovely Professional University Punjab represented by  Vikas and Sunainadevi a silver medal, and  Guru Nanak Dev University Amritsar represented by  Sangarsh Dev Singh and Kiran bronze medal .
Shillong, November 18: U Shibun Lyngdoh, President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, on Tuesday said that the BJP will invite applications for candidates to contest the MLA elections to the Legislative Assembly. announce the election by the Election Commission of India.
Desmon said that Meghalaya has the best venues in the world to conduct such paragliding exercises. to express this in Meghalaya.
Their senior leaders operate from camps in neighboring countries and are involved in bloodshed and extortion in various parts of Manipur.
With the aim of beautifying the city and preserving the environment, the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma on Tuesday laid the foundation stone for the implementation of the Riverfront Development Project. The Umkhrah River flows through the heart of Shillong.
The party has traveled around Garo Hills to explain to the public on these two issues and now they have held an indefinite strike in Tura.
Similarly, in Lapangap, the Khasi people live in villages but the farmland they own is far away like in the middle of the forest.
Chief Whip NCP National Assembly.
On the other hand, the Minister praised the school for accommodating up to 1700 students and this is a great achievement in enabling the students to study in this school without increasing the number of students. sha that bag sor.
This will help the planet for future generations and also improve the quality of life.
Father Cilia was born on 30 July 1936. He joined the Salesion of Don Bosco in 1954 and left Malta. in 1956 and was ordained a priest in Shillong in June
Police are conducting investigation to find out whether he was involved in the incident.
The statement said that they do not want to be united with India but will fight for their own country. He appealed to the Government of India to help liberate Tibet from China.
The same cleaning will be done in Nonglwai village and it is expected to be completed within this month. So far, 470 kilos of plastic waste have been spent. The cause of plastic bags is reduced.
Shillong, November 10: The 12 hour curfew called by the civil society to demand the government to implement the Inner Line Permit in the state has gone smoothly without any incident. .
When asked, he said, “It cannot be but it is just how to mislead but it will always have an impact.
When the school grew rapidly with the number of students, the Government in 1880 amalgamated it with the Mission Proceeding High School, Mawkhar and became known as the Shillong Government Boys. ' High School is now.
At the same time, the Chiefs shall elect the office bearers of the Council of Traditional Chiefs and Headman to be a body recognized by law and this shall be the advisor to the District Council.
The documentary film will be released soon by the people of Mawlai.
It will also be prepared on state government investments.
Shillong, Lber 10: The Ri Bhoi Students Union (RBSU) after receiving the complaints of the people regarding the Ri Bhoi College has requested RTI on truth.
The Minister said that there have been changes in some areas to speed up the implementation of the schemes. The Chief Minister told the DCs that in the last two years, 170 schemes have been sanctioned compared to the last three years when only 210 schemes have been sanctioned.
The Sirdar of Tyrna District Mr D.Marbaniang will be present on the occasion.
He had a spirit of service and to carry the burden of the nation and said that now is the time for him to enter the political arena so that he can advocate. to the problems of the nation.
On the other hand, the Congress party has called on the civil society to give their support.
Answering a supplementary question, he said that there are 1538 vacancies in LP schools and 132 vacancies in UP schools. Not only in government schools but also in private schools, those who have passed MTET have to be appointed if they want to receive assistance from the government.
Shillong, Nailur 10: The night curfew called by the civil society to force the government to implement the ILP in the state has started with a traffic jam.
Regarding other outstanding issues which have not been implemented by the government, they will speak on that day.
The FKJGP North Khasi Hills District would also like to thank the Leaders of the FKJGP Sengkmie and also the Leaders of the 13 Sengs who have worked tirelessly to monitor and demand from the government for the full implementation of the FKJGP Sengkmie. Entry & Exit points.
"Since the day I filed my nomination papers to contest as MDC, there has been nothing wrong. I have been able to contest for MLA or MDC, and I don't want in my life to do anything wrong. role.
When asked where the 47 Khla are, Budnnah said that this figure was based on the fact that they found the Khla in the forest at the time of the census. count of elephants that do once every five years.
The state police have decided to fight against these drug traffickers and the effort is to curb the smuggling of these illegal beverages into the state by arresting the smugglers.
“The presence of many tax collection gates, which collect from us the state residents, has caused problems to our income and has caused problems to the people.
Manufacturing plants and factories with access control have been allowed to operate in SEZs, EoUs, industrial estates and industrial townships after the implementation of the SOP on social distancing.
He stayed unemployed for a while and married Kantaben.
Martle, who is also the HSPDP candidate, said that although the Indian government has written clearly that T.40 crore has been allocated for the District Council, the NPP-led government has decided to allocate T.40 crore for the District Council. This was stated at the opening ceremony of the development project at Thynroit Village inside the Presbyterian School, a toilet.
Dawanbor said that the Rangbah Shnong Modan Sing Kongthah did not have a certificate from the Hima Khyriem and the Dorbar of Syiem Khyrim has never recognized Mudon as the Rangbah Shnong.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the Prime Minister said that during the meeting, the government has explained to the civil society organizations that the delay in the construction of the entry and exit points. The government will complete the first phase as soon as possible.
Following this, a special meeting was held on 16th July 2020, to immediately resolve the 23-year-old problem of the Bru-Reang refugees.
In the final, Iatyllilang FC of Happy-I Rymbai won the title, Champion and Trophy, a cash prize of T.16000/-, medals and certificates. Bhalang Mi-I FC beat Mi-I FC 3-0 and became runners-up.
Bah Enbin's visit to the KHNAM party was not alone but he brought with him the supporters of the HSPDP to KHNAM. The HSPDP has joined KHNAM on the issue of the party's ticket in the 2018 elections.
In a statement sent by the general secretary of the party, the party requested the branches and units from all districts to attend the meeting tomorrow morning.
The statue which was unveiled today will not only remind the future generations of what Bah Peter G Marbaniang has contributed to the society, how he has contributed. even in the country as a whole and it is part of following up on what he has left behind.
Regarding the shortage of gas cylinders per annum which is 10 cylinders per annum, the union has sought information and found that the Gas Agencies should provide at least 12 cylinders per annum. year.
Because you are not in a church, this law will not apply immediately until you are notified otherwise.
The union is pleased to urge the government authorities to look after such families especially in these times of crisis due to the disruption of income due to the COVID 19 pandemic.
She said the Government will issue a White Paper on 'Where we were then until 2014 and where we are now, so that we can learn from the management of those years'
They say that it is only the responsibility of the president and they don't know anything about it, and they want to try to remove or remove the state president.
This training was the main purpose of their visit as it is how to fight against insurgents and this has brought closer the two countries and trust between the two countries.
East Jaintia Hills District has decided to set strict rules for the General Assembly Election in the East Jaintia Hills District. 2023 and they are as follows:-Only 15 small vehicles including the vehicle of the candidate for the Meghalaya General Assembly Election 2023 will be allowed to enter any village within the Eastern District. Jaintia Hills District, where the candidate went in to conduct the general election campaign.
The night watch was to prevent the Assam police from forcibly building a Police Out Post at Umsawli, Langpih.
Dr Donkupar Lyngdoh was born on 10th November 1954. He started his primary education at Ramkrishna Mission Shella and completed his Matriculation from Ramkrishna Mission Sohra. Anthony's College Shillong and his Post Graduation and PhD from North Eastern Hill University.
The hall of the Raj Bhavan was packed with people who were invited to attend the ceremony.
“...according to the 2011 census, the Khasi and Jaintia communities in Meghalaya have a population of 14.1 lakh and the Garo alone has a population of 8.21 lakh.
On this occasion, Bah Ransom Sutnga, NPP Candidate from 17-North Shillong Constituency, performed a song with the children in the presence of parents and others.
He said the Association will soon follow up and see how the Government will implement the report.
Several mothers attended the occasion.
Three schools participated in the festival including DCLP Catholic School, Umsaw UP School and Umsaw LP Presbyterian School.
The army has appointed a team of inquiry to investigate into the incident.
The group also demands that the Government of Meghalaya should increase the financial assistance to the families who have suffered this tragic incident.
With this victory, the NPP now has 21 MLAs in Meghalaya.
