Shillong, Naitung 26: The owner of Lunia Marketing Private Limited Bara Bazar, Manoj Lunia, on Tuesday said that he does not have any plastic bags at present. plastic is not shisha.
The two persons who committed suicide by hanging themselves at Jowai Police Station are Bah Kitbok Kassar and Bah Salan Rupon.
Speaking to media, the Chairman of KHADC, Bah Nongrem, said that the party has withdrawn its support to the EC of the PDF led by Bah PN Syiem. According to the AD Rule of the KHADC, when the Chairman and Deputy Chairman resign on the same day when the House is not in session, they have to resign. The letter of resignation shall be submitted to the Secretary of the Legislative Assembly by address to the Governor of the State.
This attempt to strengthen the Syiem Raid and the Lyngdoh Raid failed after a misunderstanding between the Syiem and the Lyngdoh clan which led to a heated argument but the elders of the raid refused. this is the answer.
As a starting point, the KHADC has donated 100,000 tyngka.
In this regard, the State Legislative Assembly will not be able to pass a law.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the government has stopped taking electricity from NTPC because the price of electricity from NTPC is Rs 5.7 per unit and this is the highest price in comparison. and market value.
“At present, the Government has not been quick to find ways and means to provide assistance to the teachers,” he said. but the Government has supported the development of education.
In the petition, the union also admitted that Bah Arphul, who was arrested on these charges, was not in Nongstoiñ at the time of the incident as he had gone to Bangalore for treatment.
During the search, the KSU members found that there were about 20 foreign workers who did not have proper documents and the KSU had ordered them to leave. At that time, the union had warned the company that if it hires employees, it should ensure that it provides the necessary documents.
: Pdiangsuklang Syngwan and Banpynshngainlang Syngwan, who were also the two young swimmers who represented the State in the National Games held in Goa last year, have been named The two swimmers won the title of Best Swimmer.
The ban on the construction of these houses is due to the fact that they are too close to the Pung Umiam. This issue was discussed in the Budget Session of the KHADC which ended recently.
Deputy Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Timothy D Shira, Ministers, MLAs and others who came to the house of Dr Donkupar Roy to pay tribute to him as a leader. leader of the world political party.
On the other hand, the BSF has urged the BGB troops to cooperate in the fight against smuggling at the border.
He thanked the agriculture department of the state government for its readiness to assist.
The program was conducted by the office of the Medical Superintendent in collaboration with the Sanitation Section of the Hospital.
The Union has unanimously decided to support this precious initiative of the Khasi Author's Society and urges the people of Hynniewtrep to give their full support to this initiative by coming out. on the day, time, and place specified.
At the same time, the CSWO urged the rebel groups to come forward for peace talks with the government for the benefit of the people.
The opening ceremony was attended by Chief Secretary Bah DP Wahlang, Eenam Gambhir, Joint Secretary (G20), Ministry of External Affairs, Government of India, Kong Laetitia Bruce Warjri, Head of Communications and Outreach, Observer ResearchFoundation, India,  Samir Saran, Chair, T20 Secretariat; Member, T20 India Core Group, and  President Observer Research Foundation, Indiaa with Aparna Roy, Fellow, Lead, Climate Change and Energy, Center for New Economic Diplomacy, Observer Research Foundation, India.
The hospital, which was built at a cost of T.48 lakh, provides 73 types of Ayurvedic medicines to patients with various diseases.
The campus will accommodate up to 2500 students, will have student accommodation, a Pharmaceutical College, Paramedical College, a special training center and hostels for students. students and it will be the largest university in the North East of India.
Unfortunately, the government ministers and MLAs have not allowed the Governor to sign the ILP which has been drafted by the District Council.
Jowai, Nair 20: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle under the leadership of Vice President Samla Phanuel Tongper has visited the NH-4
Out of these 30,208 candidates, 17,504 candidates have passed in all seven subjects, 12,704 candidates have passed in three subjects. Only 23% passed in North Garo Hills District.
However, many of us wear masks when we go outside, especially in the middle of any crowd, to protect ourselves and others,” said Bah Kardinglan Lyngdoh, a farmer from Nondein, Nongstoin. in the West Khasi Hills.
It is like a colony and a small village of these refugees, the poiei who have become a place of peace in our country,” he said.
The fertile lands of Haryana have been used for fish farms and the separian lands have been converted into wealth generating areas.
It is a threat to the people because it has been seen that there is a lack of treatment and prevention measures in the area.
On this occasion, the District Social Welfare Officer, Shillong has organized a celebration at Mawtap Pyllun Village, Sohiong C&RD Block.
Bah Deihok Sumer, President FKJGP Bataw Unit who was present as a member of the village on the invitation of the Waheh Shnong along with other village leaders from Umlangsha Village, Lad Lakadong.
Explaining this, the Minister said that recently on 16th July, 2023 at a meeting between the two Regional Committees of West Jaintia Hills and West Karbi Anglong District held at Khanduli.
Shillong, Iaiong 06: In preparation for the Lok Sabha elections 2024, which will be held on 19/June/2024 in Meghalaya, a football tournament was held at Polo Ground today. .
Shillong, Naitung 03: KSU Mawlai Circle under the leadership of Samla Biangbor L. Paliar President and Vice President of KSU Mawlai Circle today visited the village council. food items including rice, wheat, dairy and oil.
He was arrested by the BSF 193 Bn. When inquired, he was identified as MD Sujon Ahmed, 20, from Sunamganj, Bangladesh.
This book is written by Dr. Filma Marbaniang, Associate Professor, Hindi Department, St. Anthony's College.
Initially, the PMMY focused on employment activities only in manufacturing, trade and services.
As a mother, she said that she would like to thank the people who have given a glorious victory, the leaders of the UDP party, all the supporters who have worked hard to bring this victory in this mid-term election.
The Union Minister said that the Congress government will leave the state.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: The KHADC Legislative Assembly today remains without a supervisor as the Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmuganathan has not yet appointed a pro-term Chairman or Secretary of the Legislative Assembly. The KHADC has already informed the Governor through the DC(A).
The website is not owned by the government.
On the occasion, the Secretary of the HNYF Mawlai Circle, Samla Sambor Rapsang, who was re-elected as the President, welcomed the newly joined members of the HNYF Mawlai Circle and the old members. rule as well.
There are 15 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 14 from East Khasi Hills and 1 from North Garo Hills.
“Here (in Meghalaya) they will join many who have invited our people to join the BJP. The difference is not between me and Dr. Mukul Sangma but the difference is that we already know that they have They intend to leave the TMC and one day they will join the BJP.
On the other hand, the President of the Hill Farmers Union (HFU), Commander Shangpliang will lead the farmers of Meghalaya at the meeting.
“I feel privileged and blessed that I have been able to support TB patients who need assistance even if it is only for twelve months.
Three policemen have been awarded the President's Police Medal, one has been awarded the President's Police Medal and three have been awarded the President's Police Medal. Timenson K.Marak, AB Constable, 1st MLP Bn. He was awarded the President's Police Medal for Distinguished Service.
- While the Central Government has decided that Hydroxychlroquine is necessary due to the spread of COVID-19 and for the benefit of the people, it is necessary and urgent to impose restrictions on it. related to the sale and distribution of Hydroxychlroquine to avoid its misuse"
Shillong, June 09: Meghalaya has two MP constituencies, Shillong 1 and Tura 2. There are nine candidates for the 17th Lok Sabha elections.
The office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has given permission only to the members of FASTOM to hold a protest as requested by the members of the union.
It is on this basis that the party has met with the Speaker of the House to urge to speak Khasi and Garo, let the Khasi MLAs speak Khasi and let the Garo MLAs speak Garo. to those who explain the word.
Shillong, Lber 01: Unidentified persons have planted a petrol bomb in the ground floor of the house of Lakshmi Bareh in Pynthorbah, Shillong on Saturday morning. Shillong.
On the part of the UDP and HSPDP who have agreed to work together in the MLA election to the Legislative Assembly in 36 constituencies in the Khasi Hills, Dr Donkupar said that they are who are ready to accept the ethnic parties if they come into this alliance to get power in
On the other hand, Bah John F Kharshiing, Advisor, MLFOA, Bah B Pohshna, President, MLFOA and other members informed the CEM. decided to hold an emergency meeting on the 2nd August 2019 in Shillong to discuss this issue and urged the KHADC authorities to take action to discuss with the State Government on these Acts Central which may affect the The ownership of the land is owned by the forests according to the customs and traditions.
There is no Government land in the Bri u Hynniewtrep except those who have bought and paid for it or those who have given the land.
The initiative of the Minister in charge of Electricity has encouraged many of the students who have passed the examination in
Sundaram, Vice Chairman; Thirteen.
BSF Meghalaya troops of the 181st Battalion have rescued 70 cows from the border which were intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh.
Shillong, July 04: Police in West Jaintia Hills District have arrested four persons from Barato village on charges of involvement in the shooting death of a man named u Bah Jelbinroy Dkhar was injured.
Dr. Sharad Babu in his speech said that many times this decline leads to the death of many children under the age of five.
Jowai, Nailar 22: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) in a statement today strongly criticized the DTO Office of Jowai, which has caused inconvenience to the people who come to the DTO Office. office because they have wasted time and money.
There are 147 cases, 24 cases in hospitals, 20 cases in East Khasi Hills, 1 case in Ri Bhoi, 1 case in South Garo Hills and 2 cases in West Jaintia Hills.
With a focus on wealth, this discussion aims to showcase the opportunities available in the North East and its positioning as a priority for a developed and remote India.
“NIOS has done wrong, teachers have been affected and have to pay fees” where are the rights of teachers whom we call the shapers of our children and the country as a whole, asked MSSASA. He also met with Dr Chandra Bhushan Sharma Chairman of NIOS on 13th November, 2016 at the headquarters of NIOS in Noida, where he promised to correct all these errors but until now it has remained unchanged.
The curfew in Shillong will be extended from 5 pm to 6 pm.
He said that the State Government has now set a target on how to attract tourists to Meghalaya.
Speaking at the 15th Asia Media Summit today, Prasad said the media has the right to inform, disseminate and give advice.
When asked, he said, “Yes, I have (the intention to join other parties), I cannot say that and we have already taken a decision.
The government's preparation for this is to ensure that there will be no shortage of oxygen in Meghalaya. He said that as of now, the availability of oxygen cylinders in the state is sufficient. every two days to ensure that the treatment facilities are sufficient.
In the complaint, the mother alleged that the suspect had committed the crime with the intention of raping the child. On this complaint, the police have arrested the suspect. old.
He said it is necessary to inform the Special Peoples Parliament and the children of the thousands of the success and victory of the three sessions of the Dorbar Ri for the first time since The National Commission for Scheduled Tribes (NCST) issued a judgment on 26 April 2012, amending the provisions of the Annexed Agreement dated 17 August 1948, under Article 338 of the Constitution of India. direct the Union Ministry of Tribal Affairs, Government of India to take the necessary measures to implement these commitments agreed by the Government of India and the Hima Khasi States.
Police have seized the vehicle for further investigation.
"Speaking about the partnership, Dhawan said that “a partnership like this that promotes and supports our businesses and talents fills me with hope and helps us all work towards the transformation of the idea of ​​being an Indian in film industries across the globe.
These amendments will implement the commitments contained in the tripartite Memorandum of Settlements signed between the Central Government, the Governments of Assam and Meghalaya, the UPDS, the DHD and the Achik National Volunteers' Council(ANVC).
He said the delegation wants to visit CSIR-CMERI, Durgapur to learn more about the Sustainable Ecological Concepts and Farming Technological Advances of CSIR-CMERI and to disseminate this information among the farmers. of Meghalaya.
It will also be a platform to showcase unique aspects of the area.
The Lok Sabha elections in 2024 have shocked many churches to learn that the family of Purno A. Sangma (who used to lead the Tura Parliamentary Seat) has won year in a row suffered defeat this time for the very first time.
Albert L.Dkhar, in his welcoming remarks, said that this house will be built in memory of Rev. Fr. Joseph Bacchiarello Annexe.
Shillong, March 24: The Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (HYC) has expressed its deep anger over the statements and insults of various individuals and organizations belonging to the Bengali community against the Jaidbynriew in these days. who is outside the State.
Before doing this, it was reported that a meeting was held between the District Councils and the State Government to discuss this issue and after the discussion, a “Solid Waste Management” was established within the Shillong, July 05: U NK Singh, Chairman of the 15th Finance Commission, today visited the Orchidarium at Upper Shillong. as part of his visit to Meghalaya to complete a meeting with the state government officials.
Speaking to reporters at Congress Bhavan Shillong, he alleged that there was a mistake on the part of the government in calling the tender for the Smart Metter project. The Asian Development Bank (ADB) has reached T.200/- crore and this is 18% higher than the target while the target has exceeded T.36 crore.
Police have arrested her husband Ravi Shankar Prasad and investigation is ongoing to find out the truth about the incident.
The victim was identified as Vikash Nandwal son of Jagjit Singh Nandwal.
Speaking to reporters, Ebajanai Nongdhar said that they have not yet made peace with the village.
Other speakers at the meeting were Dr. Om S Tyagi, Senior Director, ASSOCHAM and many others.
During the search, police recovered a knife suspected to have been used to bomb the suspect.
MeECL will cut off the light for those who do not pay.
There are 34 schemes implementing the Smart City across Shillong, while Tura and Nongpoh have not been included in the Smart City Mission.
On the other hand, the CEM of KHADC in the presence of CEM of JHADC Thombor Shiwart and Deputy CEM of Garo Hills Nikman Marak said that they will continue to talk even though the government has promised not to affect the situation. The District Councils, however, will continue to speak because they will accept the announcement of the government which is ready to issue the announcement.
Riding 75 Royal Enfield (350cc) motorcycles, the teams will start the race from Srinagar, Shillong and Kanyakumari of India.
Four winners, one from each location, will be selected in the online selfie contest.
She said that she will meet again with the MEMRIWU leaders in April, 2023 to discuss the proposals and also to protect the jobs of the workers when other companies take over the EMRI-1
The Assam Rifles conducted a search operation against the NSCN(K) troops in the area and when they saw the pickup van carrying these Nongbylla, they opened fire killing 13 people.
He said that there was a time when insurgency was still rampant, the police spent their time fighting against it but now it has been controlled, but now as the government there are two parts to look after the insurgency. and at the same time to ensure that development works go forward.
The competition will be held at Anton Hall, Don Bosco Point, Shillong on the 18th of this month from 10 am to 1 pm.
Marbaniang said the drugs were seized from a medical store near Ganesh Das Maternal and Child Health Hospital, Shillong and transported in two vehicles of the Municipal. .
India has promoted the participation of girls and women in digital technology through the platform. This has paved the way for social protection programs to reach women and also to strengthen the empowerment of women. the longkmie in the workplace.
The foreigners who were arrested by these groups were allegedly involved in their intention to work at the coke factory in Mynska Shangpung West Jaintia Hills District.
Meanwhile, the Lumdiengjri Traffic Branch has arrested Arch Angelo Syndor who was driving under the influence of alcohol.
In the basketball category, there were four men's and women's teams from Mawlai-Laitumkhrah, Wahlang, Mawprem and Upper Shillong.
On the other hand, the Director of Commerce and Industry, MB Roy, said that at present there is no permission to open a new LCS. it does not yet have such a purpose.
Jowai, Naitung 29: The JAM Central Body under the leadership of the President of the JAM and its members today visited and met with the principals of Govt Boys and Girls Schools regarding the absence of principals in higher education. secondary and also the lack of philosophy subject in these schools.
He praised the hard work day and night to crack down on these criminals and promised to end the drug trafficking in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Nailar 23: U Lamphrang Blah MDC Mawphlang and Kennedy C Khyriem today met with the Chief Minister's Secretary Prestone Tynsong to discuss the preparations for the upcoming elections. The three day meeting of the Seng Khihlang of the Khasi National Union (KNU) will be held in 2023 at Kyrphei.
He said that many of the patients do not have to go to the hospital because of the high cost of medicines.
Two cases have recovered from the disease, 40 cases are still in critical condition, 8 cases have been admitted to hospitals, 6 cases in East Khasi Hills, 1 case in Ri Bhoi. , West Garo Hills
There are 11 recoveries from the disease today, 80 cases in the state and 80 cases in the state. cases, 17 cases in East Khasi Hills, 3 cases in Ri Bhoi, 1 case in South Garo Hills and 1 case in West Garo Hills.
Shillong, Nailar 21: The Minister of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh on Friday visited the proposed market site at Umroi together with the MLA of Umroi, Bah George B Lyngdoh. , leaders of the Dorbar Shnong Umroi Pyllun including the Chairman, Bah BS Syiem, officers from the department and others.
On this day, the names of the visitors to the Raj Bahvan were registered and by the closing time at 8.00 pm, 10,000 visitors were registered.
On this occasion, a book titled “Khana Samari” written by the Synjuk Kynthei was launched and the price of the book is 100 tyngka.
In a statement sent to the media, the General Secretary-cum-Publicity Secretary of the HNLC, Bah Saiñkupar Nongtraw, said, “The HNLC strongly condemns the actions of the Police, led by the SP Bar. state.
Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, Rituraj Ravi said in a statement that the deceased were identified as Esan Singh. Sujit Dutta was found dead in Dalda.
Shillong, July 25: The State Government today took note of newspaper reports that the Government intends to declare some parts of Garo Hills as zones of unrest.
Shillong, March 15: The total number of cases of COVID-19 in Meghalaya has risen to 893, while 81 people have tested positive today. cases were reported from East Khasi Hills and 22 cases from West Khasi Hills.
The HTCWO has also informed that there will be no ticket sales but the public is invited to come and witness the competition. .
This pollution of the Lukha River has caused a great deal of trouble to the people especially to the children who don't know the sky and the earth. skin diseases and other diseases.
Shillong, Naitung 01: U Bah Ardent CEM of KHADC today accused the opposition of leaving the dorbar immediately after the passage of the Bill on the Hima Bhowal. and that this is only their desire to destroy.
Major Nikita Nair and Major Jasmine Kaurkin assisted the Prime Minister in unfurling the flag of the country.
During the meeting with the DC, the Seng expressed their concern over the violence and warning to evict them after the residents of the area refused to take part. I have not voted in West Karbi Anglong in the MAC election.
In the fight against drug traffickers, police have also arrested many suspected drug traffickers.
It is worth mentioning that there has been an allegation of embezzlement of funds from the Professional Tax of KHADC and a judge has been appointed to investigate and the report has been brought before the House. The House Committee has been set up to look into the matter and the report will now be submitted to the House to discuss the findings of the House Committee.
The Behdeinkhlam of the Raij Mukhla is one of the nine Behdeinkhlam festivals in Jaintia Hills and this is the last Behdeinkhlam festival of the year.
The JCCRP requests all those who wish to submit their written submissions by 10th June before sending them to the Expert Committee by 15th June.
The state PWD Department will be the implementing team and will be completed within 30 months.
This will be especially for women and those belonging to Schedule Caste and Schedule Tribe who want to set up their own businesses which will enable them to become self-sufficient and prosperous.
The standards set by the NABH are now the highest quality standards for the operation of hospitals in India.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: Khadsawphra College today welcomed Sumarlang Marwein, a student of Class XII Arts who represented India in Karate. do" which was held for two days in Hong Kong on the 9th and 10th of this month.
The State Government on Tuesday decided to close down the Meghalaya State Housing Board (MSHB) and spend up to T.7.42 crore for the payment of the Voluntary Retirement Scheme (VRS) to 18 employees of the Meghalaya State Housing Board (MSHB). the Board.
During the inspection, Bah Mawri said that the purpose of the inspection was to see how far the work has progressed as the BJP government under the leadership of the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi is interested. that all works should be completed on time.
Every year when the government prepares for the election of MDCs, MLAs and MPs to the Legislative Assemblies, it is appropriate for the church to say something on this issue regarding the election of MDCs, MLAs and MPs. representative, in this scroll, it is written that the church speaks something pure, righteous, upright, and honorable.
The purpose of the Monolith Festival is to showcase to the world the richness of the Khasi people in terms of culture and traditions.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: U Bah Sajeki Passah, one of the senior officials of the Jowai Government who lives in Panaliar, has sent a letter to the Chief Secretary of the Government of Meghalaya to inform him that the spread of depei The emissions from factories along the NH-44 are unhealthy and this will affect health.
He said that the police department should not be biased against any ethnic group so that the people can have confidence in the police department.
New Delhi, Lber 30: In continuation of the efforts to connect different parts of the country, 22 air routes under the UDAN scheme have been opened within three days of which 6 have been operational. in the east country.
Police immediately informed the Fire and Emergency Services (F&RS) who arrived in time to extinguish the fire which started burning in the two trucks.
He said that the working power of any Government increases when it reduces excessive interference in the lives of the people.
FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle together with the Mawklot Youth Association cannot thank Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang for his voluntary work and contribution to the society and the State as a whole. especially those who have been like the Ksaikhmat who have ruled the State.
The Seng urges that if you want Aadhar, you should apply for it at your place of residence.
Furthermore, many other development schemes have been implemented in these border areas.
Neepco has inspected the land of Thiedieng village without getting permission from the village.
New Delhi, November 24: The Vice President of India, Jagdeep Dhankhar today sent a Merry Christmas greeting to the people of India. be happy and joyful.
This shows that the government does not care about the farmers.
On these grounds, they took a decision to start putting forward nine demands affecting the jaidbynriew and they called it 'Iada ia ka Ri Hynniewtrep' The government should introduce the ILP in the state.
He said that the celebration of this day is to remember the past leaders who fought for the present state, where they fought tirelessly.
The Dorbar has decided to meet again after 13th September
The Indian textile market which is culturally connected and rich in silk fabrics helps the country to have a strong position in the silk industry.
The introduction of this new policy is to open up the private sector to participate better in the development of tourism and this will create jobs for the youth.
The boys and girls from West Garo Hills won the second prize while the boys and girls from West Jaintia Hills won the third prize.
The youths of the state have had to flee to other states to dig stones and trees in search of jobs while in their own state no one has opened them.
On the other hand, the farmers' leader urged the government and all the MLAs and MDCs to help in the delivery of rice to the villages in the state as many farmers in different villages are in the middle of there is a shortage of food and money.
The song and the music is one of the most important things to revive the nation, and the song and dance gives joy and happiness to the soul if we listen carefully to the songs that they write. I sing and sing.
On the second day, the sample will be taken for testing.
Other speakers included Samla Ejenstar Kurkalang. Many BJP leaders also spoke to explain the position of the party.
He said that we cannot accept this report because if it is from coal water the water will turn red or stem not blue and if it is from coal water it will be the death of fish throughout the year. What happens now happens only at those times when they release the garbage every year.
The Prime Minister said the government is also concerned about the consequences of the issuance of the NRC by Assam on 31st July 2019 in which 19 lakh people will lose their names.
Some of the stars who will take part include two-time Olympic champion and seven-time Asian Championship medalist Shiva Thapa, as well as Asian Games 2018 champion. Amit Panghal and Commonwealth Games 2022 bronze medalist Rohit Tokas among others.
Expressing the reason why he entered the political arena, Bah Kharjahrin said, “As an elderly man who has that responsibility and as a son of the Bri u Hynniewtrep who really wants to Seeing that our nation will be in the midst of adequate protection and we will be in the midst of those developments in all aspects, I have decided to join hands to take part in politics.
The Prime Minister mentioned how foreign organizations and groups are now turning to India in a different way, compared to
Public Service Broadcaster, Prasar Bharatikan broadcasts various programs through the Doordarshan (DD)/AIR Network.
“Let the blood flow in the madam for the sake of the people, they will not suffer anymore because we have already faced many problems and we have lost many patriotic souls of the people in the hands of the police,” said the president of the Seng.
Shillong, Lber 19: Answering a question by George B Lyngdoh MLA, the Minister in charge of Electricity, James K Sangma, said that if the factories in the state do not MeECL will cut off the light bill this month.
The South West Khasi Hills branch was led by Bah Manstudy Nongrem as the Chief Executive Member and Bah John Shylla as the Secretary.
It is for this reason that every election strengthens the democracy and strengthens the faith of the people in our Constitution.
The Joint Secretary, Rural Development Department, Aparajita Sarangi said that MGNREGA has turned into a means of providing opportunities for income generation and the most interesting thing is that the committees in the villages they have the concern that this is their job.
“When we cast our vote, we must vote for a person or persons who have a goal and a vision, their goal for the state should be for the development of the state. Lamphrang said that those leaders should implement the schemes of the people properly and The reason is that the time has come not only to blame the leaders, but also to blame the people.
He said that the destruction of this road has severely affected the income of the people especially in the trade which many people carry through this road from Guwahati-Shillong to other places. It is through this Mawphlang-Balat road that coal has to be transported from Nongjri and other places to The road is still very poor and can carry no more than 9 tonnes.
In a letter sent today, KHNAM said that it has received information that the Booth Level Officers (BLOs) will leave for Them Motor on the 13th of this month to register the names of those who have reached the 18th. years on the Electoral Roll.
However, in the last five years, the MDA government under the leadership of the National People's Party has witnessed progress through the establishment of about 45,000 more SHGs along with the provision of assistance. 500 crore to support their activities.
However, the effort is hopeful for the future of the people in society, even if the change that the people really want should be in the whole of Ri Khasi.
The newly built monument to Kiangnangbah will be unveiled on the 30th of this month.
It is necessary for the society especially the youth to avoid these types of drinks because once addicted it is difficult to get rid of them.
FKJGP members handed over the suspect to the Sadar Police Station and after a while the Anti-Narcotic Task Force East Khasi Hills arrived. Hills to search for a drug dealer.
Regarding the NPP's nomination from Mawphlang, Met said that this is the decision of the NPP and nothing can be said because the election is up to the parties to decide whether to nominate a candidate or not. On the other hand, the NPP president said that they will work hard to win back this constituency.
The demand of HANM is on the grounds that Bah Hector is ahead of Rao because Bah Hector should have been promoted to the post of Chief Secretary.
Shillong, November 16: There are 11 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 6 cases in Ri Bhoi District and 3 cases in Ri Bhoi District. there were 140 in all.
This happened at the scene when the female policemen who were undergoing training were at the scene and the police chief called one of them.
Many of those who have been maintaining the bridges, said that the explanation of the MBDA expert, Sanjiv Shankar does not match the knowledge they have acquired in the maintenance and planting of trees. jri is the father of your tymmen.
He said that if this is the case, this year will end, because Meghalaya does not have a law to recognize this crime under the law.
Shillong, July 11: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today said that 514 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in the state and 4993 people are still in critical condition.
The second demand is to upgrade the Public Health Center to a Community Health Centre. Under the service of the PHC there are four Sub Centers namely Sohryngkham, Umphyrnai, Mawlygnad and Kut Sub Center which has not been operational yet. The services of the PHC to the public have been very difficult as the number of people in charge of Mawryngkneng PHC has reached 32,5
In another incident, at noon, unidentified persons robbed Bikash Gohain from a taxi number ML-05B-798 and stole T.2000/- tyngka. money, mobile phone and two ATM cards, one pan card and this happened in the morning.
A reporter who was able to photograph the floods in Them Iewmawlong found that the garbage and plastics that were lying all over the road have fallen on the water which has flooded the entire road by the river. water which has caused difficulties to the people in coming and going and carrying colour.
The distribution was also attended by party leaders, including the President of the Khliehriat Block Congress Committee, Bah Deibormi Syad, Vice Presidents and other senior office bearers of the Congress.
The increase in the price of this power plant is due to many unavoidable reasons.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Father Richard Majaw said that the service will be led by Archbishop Rev John Moolachira of Guwahati in the presence of other priests.
In an interview with the officer, he said that the delay in installing a new machine in the village is due to the fact that 14 households have not paid their bill light even though the new machine has been in the office for more than two months. He said that one household has received lakhs without payment and 13 other households have not paid.
At this meeting, the Council would like to clarify to the people that in Meghalaya the people are the owners of the land and therefore there are no landlords.
The meeting was held at Nongthliew on the 12th November
Jyotish Daimary was arrested from Shillong this morning on a tip-off from the East Jaintia Hills District Police.
Hundreds of people attended the meeting to listen to the explanation of the HYC regarding the border issue. The meeting was conducted by HYC President Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh, General Secretary of HYC West Khasi Hills District and others. Khasi Hills District.
It may be recalled that Bah Gigur has been the Chairman of the Meghalaya State Housing Board in the past years, but he has resigned from the post to allow the Chief Minister to appoint a new chairman. UDP MLA Balajied Kupar Synrem has been appointed as Chairman.
Shillong, Naitung 05: As the days go by, mankind's enmity towards the environment and aquatic creatures such as fish without counting or respecting or appreciating the grace of God to HANM Iooksi Circle President Samla Hamwer Bhoi, President of HANM Iooksi Circle, Samla Hamwer Bhoi, said that the country's economy is experiencing a slowdown. He said that the Mynsar River in the past was full of fish and the people of this area still eat a lot of fish and the people also benefit from this river. They have been able to use the water for food, drink and cleanliness but as the days go by, the number of fish in this river has decreased due to the exploitation by a few people just because of the lack of food. There is a personal benefit by being hostile to the fish that live in this river and by being able to remove the jar to catch the fish from this river.
At the meeting with more than 150 farmers, farmers, farmers, including jain weavers, who came from 44 villages, it was found that 24 villages have village forests. , family forest, private forest, church forest and raid forest.
Deborah C.Marak44           Raksamgre – ST  Limison D.Sangma45         Tikrikila – ST       Rahinath Barchung46           4 Raj Phulbari                                                                                                                                  Sayeedullah Nongrum48          Selsella – ST        Clement Marak49           Dadenggre – ST  Purno K.Sangma 50           North Tura – ST               North Tura – ST          South . ra – ST Billykid A. Sangma52            Rangsakona – ST                Zenith M.Sangma53           Ampathi – ST        Dr.Mukul M.Sangma54          Mahendra                                                            Mahendra
The Election Committee has decided to hold the election on the 06th June, 2023 from 8 am to 3 pm at Dinam Hall, Jaiaw, Shillong.
Bong-Kil said the two countries will also start cooperation in the field of tourism, the rehabilitation of abandoned coal mines, and the revival of wells. um among other parts.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District today called a meeting with the religious leaders to seek their support to bring peace in Shillong.
(Retd) Virendra Singh Bhalotia, Lt.Gen.
The beneficiaries will be 76.7% in rural areas and 63% in government areas.
He also mentioned many of the youth who have brought about change in the country and on this day the Governor of the State called upon the youth who are in this group to confirm once again the promise of They said that the number of Scouts in the state should be increased.
On the other hand, the DC of Tura has expressed his concern over the shortage of petrol and alcohol due to the fuel stoppage of trucks. still continues.
The investigation into the perpetrator is ongoing.
The last invitation for applications for the installation of petrol pumps in Meghalaya was in 2014 and now after four years it has been invited again.
Answering questions, Deborah said that during the meeting, they did not discuss anything regarding the change of ministers in the government or the change of leadership in the party. What they have talked about is to strengthen the party.
Explaining the scheme, the Minister said that under the RGGVY, the state has implemented it in four districts in the 40th Five Year Plan and this will continue in the 1st Year Plan.
The BJP reminded Pala how during the Christmas celebrations, meetings were held at the residence of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his speeches, beautiful associations with Jesus Christ and teachings of he.
The JSU demands that the government should not just threaten in the newspapers to close down 200 schools but should improve and develop the schools run by the government for the benefit of the children. state school.
Titosstarwell Chyne, President of East Khasi Hills, said that the party will meet tomorrow morning to decide on the candidates for the mid-term MDC elections.
Brigadier Bali said it is the responsibility of the state government to talk to the central government to set up an NCC team in Garo Hills and Jaintia Hills. Shillong, Jymmang 21: The Executive Engineer (PHE), Electrical Division, Mawphlang, today informed the public that MePDCL will turn off the lights tomorrow morning for the construction of 33/11KV Mawphlang. Sub-station.
It is learned that this person came by plane to Guwahati and from Guwahati he came by car alone with the driver and the driver is from Assam. by airplane.
Without disclosing their names, many of the Congress leaders from Khasi Hills said that this is a serious blow to the party because in Meghalaya especially in the Lumkhasi Hills, people don't vote for a leader but they but to the man who is the leader.
The Council used to set only the allocation of land, the certificate issued in respect of land is not clear where banks, or any other group does not accept the documents. The CEM said that with the passage of this Act, all the land titles, according to this Bill, have been empowered by the Kur, Rangbah Shnong and Syiem. Any land title deed recognized by any group or bank and any government authority shall be recognized by the District Council.
The General Secretary of the Seng Samla Seng Kur Thabah, Samla Banteibor Thabah, said that the Kur will release the Almanac 2024, and urged the Thabah members to take part in the celebration of the Golden Jubilee. .
If the state wins this tournament, it will be enough as the state will celebrate its 50th anniversary this year.
He urged the MZP to allow and help these Khasi people to get the rights they have been demanding for decades.
Shillong, Nailar 09: The Department of Administrative Reforms and Public Grievances (DARPG), in collaboration with the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology (MeitY), Government of India and Government of Meghalaya, held the 22nd National Conference on e-Governance. (NCeG) 2019 on 8th-9th July, 2019 in Shillong, Meghalaya.
Tens of lakhs of rupees have also been spent for the appointment of the HLSC which has been investigating the matter.
In the resignation letter, Bah John F Kharshiing and the group said that they will continue to remain together as members of the Nongkrem Block Congress Committee.
This well has been in existence for decades and the residents of Mawlai Phudmawri use this water for cooking, washing clothes and the Mylliem Block office has also improved this place. ban Saturday.
The Government under the leadership of Conrad has taken seriously this issue as it has affected the income of the people of the state in many ways.
The champions of the state are Sanjeev Maskut (46-48kg), Banjop Nongkhlaw (51-54kg), Melvin Marbaniang (54-57kg), Kordor Marwein (57-60kg), Badonkupar Synnah (60-63.5kg), Bhalang Shadap. (63.5-67kg), Balnas Sangma (67-71kg) and Justerwell Jyrwa (71-75kg).
Shillong, Naiwieng, 21:A meeting was held today held by the NGOs, and at this meeting were the members of the party, MDCs, MLAs, elders. Ban Basaiawmoit MDC Mawkhar said that the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has already discussed this issue.
Other schemes of the government which were explained to the public on this occasion are the old age allowance, which will be available only to those who have reached the age of 60 years. as experts to deliver speeches at the event which was attended by the residents of Center Village including children, youth, women and the elderly.
He said that the decision was taken not to accept the Village Councils because the purpose of the Sixth Council in the state is to maintain the Chief Executive Members according to the customs and traditions. He also said that they should recognize the Dorbar Shnongs as Village Councils.
Shillong, Nailur 01: After a strong protest by the three District Councils in Meghalaya, KHADC, JHADC and GHADC to demand that the government should release the central government scheme to the districts. as allocated under the Tide scheme of T.20 crore which has been in force for many months.
The granting of Civil Sub Division to the area is the only way to bring the Khadar government closer to the people and as the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance government led by Conrad A Sangma used to say "it is the government of the people" .
At this meeting, many benefits will be announced in which as small business owners in the area they should receive the benefits that the Government has allocated specifically for them.
The union also congratulates JS Syiemiong, Assistant Executive Engineer Mawshynrut Sub-Division PWD Roads for being quick to take responsibility for the work. which has caused a lot of trouble to the people of the area.
Speaking to media, Prestone said that through this bill, the Cabinet has introduced new amendments in the MSAPLMPF Bill, 2020, on agriculture, herbal medicines. and the work of Ri Dohkha.
On this occasion, MLA Bah Mohendro Rapsang also launched a commemorative book on the 50th Anniversary of the KSU Laskeiñ Circle and a song collection through CB. Shillong, July 20: KSU Laskeiñ Circle. Led by President Samla Balawan Sutnga, Assistant General Secretary Samla Garland S Manner and members visited Mowluber Block 1 to inspect the construction of the house. The school is run by the Catholic Church in Karbi Anglong District, Assam.
The union believes that the passage of heavy vehicles on this road has helped a lot in reducing the traffic jam in the village and Ladrymbai market and the road should be repaired and improved so that the passage of heavy vehicles. they shall not suffer, neither shall they be happy.
As mentioned earlier, self-made languages ​​are proposed and do not need to be analyzed by expert linguists or any attempt to improve languages.
I thank you.
Gavin Miguel Mylliem, MLA Sohra today inaugurated the exhibition at Ramakrishna Mission Higher Secondary School, Sohra.
Pala sent this letter to the DC of East Khasi Hills District on 27/03/2020 and in this letter he wrote clearly that other things to buy from this money which is his share. MP scheme for the East Khasi Hills District.
Speaking to media, the Minister said that he has also heard that there are teachers who transfer to others to teach in their place by giving price them to teach.
At the meeting conducted by Arrestone Thabah Vice President, KSU Mawprem Circle, Lambok urged the new office bearers of the Mawprem Unit to work hard for the betterment of the future.
According to the figures collected by the police, the number of cases of violence against women and children in the state in 2017 alone has reached 184 cases in the past six months alone.
“Even the CAA protest has not been completed, but now the Draft EIA 2020 has come out which poses a serious threat to our nation,” said Samla Rueben Najiar.
He said that there are still many challenges and needs to look at the past and ourselves to further develop the Homeopathy department.
He stressed that the work should be transparent, should have responsibility and should be for the benefit of the people. .
The army, which has been specially deployed to provide security to the country in the mountainous areas, is currently in charge of areas such as the Karakoram Pass in Ladakh to Jachep La in Arunachal Pradesh which is 3488 km on the border with the country. China and China are elevated between 9000' and 18700' above sea level.
D at the College of Agriculture, Imphal, will go to colleges near CAU, ICAR Institute, KVK in their respective states. teacher.
Shillong, June 28: Amperene Lyngdoh MLA of Laitunkhrah, Minister of Urban Affairs, has been arrested by one of the newspapers. The HNLC has been arrested in connection with its whitewashing.
Answering a question, the Chief Minister said that it is a fact that the youth of the state are facing difficulties in getting loans from banks because there is a bad custom. The Government has allocated T.10 crore to 1000 cooperatives in the state.
During this time of COVID-19, the teaching methods of teachers have also changed significantly, teachers have accepted the challenges caused by the introduction of online teaching methods.
Other decisions taken by the HYC today were to demand that the KHADC should be more strict on the issuance of Trading License to foreigners. Regarding the amendment of the Sixth Schedule, the party has also spoken at the GEC. Regarding the voting, the party has spoken to demand that the voters should vote for their voters. If the Khasi who have moved abroad will have to come to vote in their own state and also for others to vote in their own state.
Before the meeting, the Co-Chairman held a brief meeting with the BDO and hundreds of Gram Sevaks to hear about the problems they face in their work.
They also demanded that MUDA should look after the Municipal and District Council areas, KHADC should look after those under their jurisdiction. such as urbanized areas.
He said that the steps of vocational training and education have prepared the youth to take full advantage of new opportunities.
He said that with respect to the Khasi and Jiantia, the Garo are different from them in language, customs and traditions and in all aspects, therefore they should get their own state and in at the same time to grow in income and in all aspects.
He said that the Dorbar Shnong has also requested for a census of the names of foreign workers working in factories and other jobs within the boundary of the village.
“AJYWO will not allow others to make money by putting the health of the people at risk.
The impact of 1M1B is impressive.
The Chairperson of MSCPCR, Kong Iamon M Syiem, in her speech, said that such a workshop for journalists will help to protect the rights of children. meetings should continue hereafter.
The Government pays their salaries through the Managing Committees which are the employers of the Deficit-Aided and Adhoc-Aided systems.
Kobinroy Khongsi and Teiborlang Warbah beat Justwell Nongspung, Chesterling Kharumnuid and Teirius Marbaniang by 10 points against the JTC team of Hima Khyrim. The match between the rangbiria of these two kingdoms ended 5-4
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the Governor, Hek and Sanbor urged the Governor to talk to the Chief Minister. He said that the HNLC has been involved in the peace talks with the Minister of Home Affairs to expedite the peace talks with the HNLC as all the people in the state want peace.
HM Shangpliang, Advisor to the State Government, in the presence of Ampareen Lyngdoh, MLA of the NPP and Minister of State for Home Affairs. State government.
The farmers who supply us with food can be our energy givers.
“We have advised the DGP that we have found that the punishment of people involved in drug trafficking and we see from time to time that the Police seize drugs worth crores However, we find that these arrested persons are released from the court because most of the time the investigation into the arrest of drug traffickers is wrong or does not comply with the provisions of the NDPS Act.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: On the occasion of the victory of the BJP party in the MP elections, Bah John F Kharshiing has congratulated the people of India for giving victory to only one BJP party led by Narendra Modi. , who will continue as PM for five years to avoid the mixed governments despite the large number of ethnic groups in India.
To ensure the smooth running of gambling activities in the state, the Cabinet has approved the Meghalaya Regulations Gaming Rules. part of a year.
Shillong, Niatung 29: The President of the HSPDP party, Bah KP Pangniang today visited Balakhawa village in Ri Bhoi District to get more information regarding the land in the area. in the presence of the village officials and supervisors of the Hima Nongspung.
The Director said that 73 cases have been confirmed in the state today, 36 cases in East Khasi Hills, 12 cases in Ri Bhoi, 12 cases in West Jaintia Hills and 5 cases in West Garo Hills. 3, South West Khasi Hills 2, East Jaintia Hills 2 and East Garo Hills 1, the total number of cases is
He said that at this time, they will relocate the existing checkpoint at Byrnihat as it affects the people of Assam. near the bridge of Byrhimat.
St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong came sixth through Anish Gurung (557 marks) while Sibsing Memorial Government Higher School, Nongstoin came fifth through Springfield Snaitang. who scored 556 marks.
Dr. Himanta also alleged that the Assam Forest Protection Force and the Assam Police have been in conflict with the loggers but the truth is that according to the customs and traditions of the Khasi, the forest belongs to the village. The raid or the area belongs to the people and not to any government.
On the other hand, the Minister of Social Welfare has taken note of this suggestion of the union and has directed the authorities to find a suitable place to set up such a shlem in the area.
The PM-WANI of the DoT is an initiative approved by the Cabinet of Ministers headed by the Prime Minister, Narendra Modina for the expansion of internet broadband through public Wi-Fi networks.
Those who write scripts should remember that within the right to speak our minds, when we write about children, we should use this right with caution because children's lives are in hand. their.
In addition, at noon, a farmhouse of the Pnars was attacked by the Karbi.
On the other hand, the Principal Secretary explained to the teachers that the deficit of schools is like working together between the private sector and the government in the form of a public private partnership mood. It is the responsibility of the schools to provide UCs. If the UCs are slow, this will put pressure on the government.
He said that some of the Nongsynshar who attended the meeting have worked in the Shnong for more than 25 to 35 years.
The meeting was convened to discuss the recent incidents in Bangladesh and the threat that foreigners may enter India. The states do not register an FIR against those who commit crimes on the border.
In the college category, Robert Khongjoh of Shillong College won the Golden Ball and Golden Boot.
He said it is an honor for the state to have received the award among the small states that have improved in agriculture.
Tura Iaiong 09: The Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills District, West Garo Hills District, has called an emergency meeting today in the presence of others. They urged the party to lift the indefinite road blockade.
At this meeting, Bah Sanbor said that hard work has to be done to meet the needs, although it is not easy to get schemes from Government departments.
Annual Accounts(i) Unadjusted Abstract Contingent (AC) Bills: There are 53 Abstract Contingent (AC) Bills worth T.98.25 crore which have not been received as at the end of 31st October 2023 for that Detailed Countersigned Contingent (DCC) bills.
Jowai, Naitung 16: The Wahiajer Mission Centre, one of the preaching centers of the KJP Synod Mihngi, which includes four presbyteries, the War-Jaintia Presbytery, the Nangbah Nongjngi Hadem Presbytery, the Wahiajer Moody Presbytery, was inaugurated today. distribution to the residents of Amkoi.
Alvin Khyriem Sawkmie has been appointed to the Department of Revenue Collection and Planning.
The SP said that Issei Sungoh was arrested by the East Jaintia Hills Police for involvement in the IED bomb blast at Khliehriat Police Reserve in 2021 and was released from jail later. that he had obtained bail from the Court.
Noting that the Jaidbynriew will die if the knowledge of man and knowledge of God disappears, he said, “Whatever has laid the foundation for the Khasi alphabet by Rev Thomas Jones is sufficient. The letter 'C' in the Khasi alphabet doesn't match,” he said.
He further mentioned that the KHADC is the custodian that protects the identity of the Tribal people in any state and this event is a celebration to showcase to the rest of the world the united and unique Identity of the Khasi People.
Ri-Bhoi District Convenor Lambok Thangkhiew and other party leaders took part in the confirmation of all the 13 primary units.
“As members of the party, we must be vigilant and vigilant against the speeches and incitements of some people who try to divide the nation on the basis of regionalism, religious differences and ethnic discrimination on the basis of “It's a thylliej language that we speak in different villages and townships of Bri Hynniewtrep,” he said.
Kwillness Suchiang President of KSU Narpuh said that their visit was to meet with the Minister of Rural Development to get a block in Narpuh which falls under East Jaintia Hills District.
On the other hand, Bah Kulet Khongjeerem, said that the union has received a letter from the Ministry of Education that these two lyngnongs have been removed and will no longer be accepted in schools.
Other candidates are Bainor Rapsang from Mawphlang Diengiei, Anthony Nongbri from Laitumkhrah, Mitchell Wankhar from Laban, Rangkynsai Kharbuki from Umroi, Apsharailang Syiem from Nongstoin, World Champion Paliar from Rambrai Jyrngam and Kitborlang Nongrem. from Ranikor and Mr. Diverland Lyngdoh from Mawkyrwat.
PACS can now operate petrol pumps.
Most of the passengers on this bus are government employees.
Shillong, July 27: “I never thought I would stand here to receive this salute on this Republic Day,” said the Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy in his speech on Saturday. 70th Republic Day celebration at Polo Ground.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Minister said that today 12.12.2012 has been written in the history of Meghalaya when the foundation stone of the Medical College was laid. The doctoral college will be run by the government and another medical college will be established in the state in the Public Private Partnership (PPP) mode.
Shillong, March 13: A meeting of all the religious groups in Shillong before the puja was held today in Shillong in the presence of religious leaders and political party leaders. The Central Puja Committee has convened a puja on the day of the festival.
Two persons have been arrested by the East Khasi Hills District Police after an IED bomb exploded near the Syndicate Bus Stand, Iewmawlong on Saturday night at about 10 pm. :30 pm.
Finally, the KSU has urged its departments to be vigilant in the search operation and the KSU North Khasi Hills District Unit and the KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit have been vigilant on the Shillong-Guwahati highway and Jowai-Silchar today.
The Working President of the MSOA, Bah John F. Kharshiing, who took part in the discussion held by the State Education Commission at DERT Annexure Conference Hall, Shillong, said that the purpose of the meeting was to urge the Commission to Think together what they can do on their part to encourage the development of sports and education.
Leaders of the NPP who attended the function along with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya who is also the Leader of the NPP were James K Sangma, Timothy D. Shira, Thomas A. Sangma and others. Letpao Haokip from Manipur and other MLAs from the North East.
The University authorities shall not conduct any online examinations.
From Ri Bhoi District, only the names of two MDCs, Donsumer from Umsning and Rona Khymdeit from Nongpoh, were announced today.
(SP news).
It is for this reason that I will work hard with this scheme for the benefit of all and for the benefit of the poor and the rich.
On the other hand, Ridamaya Passah from Meghalaya, who has been awarded the title of Mega Miss India – Top Model of Universe, will represent India in the Miss India pageant. tip like the Top Model of Universe.
Kapor demands a boundary settlement as soon as possible.
The total number of recoveries so far is 82, 448 are still in critical condition, 30751 samples have been taken and 28967 have tested negative. The total number of returnees from the state is 23551 people.
The arrest of Rai was made for investigation to find out where CM Jha is for further investigation.
This proposal had to be canceled as Manipur and Assam have set up their own Commission.
Political Secretary, GNLA Bikdot N Marak said that the village headmen of Balpakram area wanted to congratulate the GNLA but it refused to accept the money. He should not accept on this basis that he will leave the GNLA to form his own party.
DR Shullai, Principal, with the parents of the children.
The ITI was constructed at a cost of T.7 crore through the ESDI Scheme of the Government of India.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbiu, said that the government has been able to provide land for the construction of these schools in the state. all but almost all of them have already been acquired.
According to him, there are 11 textbooks in the MBOSE for Class I, II and III but when the NCERT books are used, there are only four textbooks.
These traditional performances were held at Don Bosco School, Tura.
Meanwhile, in Gasuapara, the BSF arrested Saddam Hussain while he was trying to enter India.
There are 57 seats allocated by the Central Government for Meghalaya in doctoral colleges across the country.
The Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, in a video statement sent to the media on Tuesday, said that according to the investigation report submitted by the engineers and contractors, they have informed that the The construction of the Indoor Stadium has cost T.70 crore.
He hoped that this restaurant would provide authentic local experiences to the tourists from outside the state who visited Sohra and Mawmluh areas.
Sagar, who won the silver medal at the Commonwealth Games 2022, lost in the third round after Jaipal hit hard and the referee had to stop him. stop the game.
"“Every problem has a solution, I believe that with that spirit of seeing what is best for the state, we will not work hard just to say that I, I am wrong and others are wrong but the spirit of common understanding of the needs of the people.
The meeting discussed the cooperation between government departments and the public involved in the preservation of the environment due to climate change.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: The ceremony of the Khyriem Royal Family, which is part of the Shad Nongkrem, was held today at the Pomblang Iewduh at Lum Pomblang in Smit in the presence of the public.
The Minister concluded her speech at the meeting by urging the officers to disseminate information among the tribals about the schemes and to work hard to implement these schemes.
Speaking as the chief guest at the opening ceremony, BPO Warjri, Additional Chief Secretary, Government of Meghalaya, said that the traditional foods that our ancestors taught us how to cook and eat are very tasty because even people from other countries. They want to experience their happiness.
Speaking to reporters at Congress Bhavan, Pala, who is also the Lok Sabha MP, said the Congress has already prepared all the necessary preparations for the MLA elections this year. 2023, the BCCs have sent their names to the DCCs and the DCCs have sent them to the MPCC. on 29/12/2022 before sending it to the AICC to announce the party's candidates.
On the other hand, UCIL and KHADC have signed a MoU that UCIL should release the bill sent by KHADCm within 30 days but UCIL has not kept the agreement. release the money as it has been poured.
Metal gates have been installed in the areas where the public enters and leaves the area and CCTV cameras have been used to detect the presence of weapons. in all parts of this railway station.
This happened at about 12:00 pm on Saturday when the driver of the vehicle escaped from the accident but the owner of the vehicle caught fire and burnt down. middle of the road.
Because of this, the spread of these rnga along the road has affected the health, water supply and also the air that people breathe and breathe, who live and work nearby. street.
One day, while she was shooting and injuring the child, the teacher cried loudly until the neighbors heard and immediately informed the police. Dr. J. Chullai (Chairperson of the Child Welfare Committee) in Jaintia Hills to take action against the incident of rape of this 9 year old girl. Dr. J. Chullai (Chair Person of the Child Welfare Committee) has arrived at the scene to take responsibility for the investigation into the bombing of Ms. Riplin Phawa (Head Mistress) of the child. I am angry with this teacher because she is a teacher at Faith Academy School which is my school.
The union has demanded that the Director should take action and resolve this issue before taking any other measures.
Vincent H. Pala, Leader of the Congress Party and Sitting MP from Shillong Seat, on Tuesday said that the BJP will not win more than 200 seats in the upcoming Lok Sabha elections. be.
He paid tribute to Swami Vivekananda, and spoke about the impact of his work on India's struggle for independence.
It is to be recalled that after the death of Archbishop Dominic Jala, the State of Shillong has been without a Lyngdoh Sad for a year until the birth anniversary of Archbishop Jala. of the Diocese of Jowai and has now been appointed as the new Archbishop by a public announcement by the Vatican.
"In 10 years, the number of medical colleges has almost doubled," he said.
It is because of the nature of the system of government and the faith of the people in this system that all 17 general elections and various elections in the States have brought about the transfer of power from one party to another. which goes smoothly.
Go to the villages and tell the people that I am ready to be your servant.
INFYCON Private Limited of Bangalore has been appointed to prepare the detailed project report.
Air Marshal SP Dharkar, PVSM, AVSM, stressed the need to harness the strength of the 25 crore youth of the country and to develop India into a new cliffs of development.
The 10th Schedule is the first provision of the Constitution of India, which describes the rights of political parties introduced by the 52nd Amendment introduced in of Rajiv Gandhi.
It was at this point that he and his three friends took the opportunity to rape her and videotaped the crime.
On the other hand, the leaders of the union urged the Council not to issue trading license to foreigners, because if the council issues trading license to them, then where will our fellow citizens go? , because this affects the livelihood of the indigenous people who own the land under the 6th Schedule which has come into force in our state, according to paragraphs 10 and 11 which clearly states that I don't have trading licenses for non-tribals or foreigners.
These truck drivers have been stranded in Byrnihat since the beginning of the curfew.
Thus, it means that the increase in income is thousands of dollars in individuals or in a single organization.
Shillong, Nailur 23: The Federation of Khasi States (UDP) has decided to write a letter to Dr Jemino Mawthoh, General Secretary, United Democratic Party (UDP) Meghalaya to clarify the position of the United Democratic Party (UDP). on the basis of the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement.
Shillong, November 02: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District (KHADC) today sent a letter to the Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). Bill 2018 within the boundary of the Khasi and Jaintia Hills District Council.
The government's wish is to find ways and means to help the dewbilat factory to stand on its own feet. This assistance to MCCL from the government is until 2015 and the figure may vary. In relation to the previous estimate of T.80 crore, it may increase slightly here and there.
Many residents have complained about this.
It was seen that in this situation, there were women who brought their children.
During the inspection, the Minister together with the MLAs and the Syiem of Mylliem Hima had the opportunity to talk to the farmers, traders and market visitors. for the benefit of all in the marketplace.
Regarding the statement of the former Rangbah Shnong on the Khongsumi clan, the village has nothing to say because it is their own business, but the village knows that they are the Khongsumi clan. residents of the village of Nohwet.
To take a decision on whether to set up Police Outposts on the border with Assam, the Cabinet meeting today took a decision to set up more police stations in the areas where there is instability and to establishment of strong police stations to provide security to the residents on the border.
Police said that the truck was coming from Mawryngkneng area to Guwahati and when it reached Shillong bypass at Umkhen River bridge, the truck collided with a dumper truck. ML05R 4937 and went to search the shopkeepers on the side of the road.
Regarding the liquor shops, they will remain closed in accordance with the directives of the Central Government in the fight against the spread of COVID-1
Shillong, Naitung 28: The residents of Meghalaya have accepted that Tara Ghar is the government house dedicated to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, because the first Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Captain WA Sangma, who did not stay at the door of the house, has left the government house due to tragic incidents.
“At present, there are about 11 States which have their own Forest Acts and we hope that Meghalaya should also have its own Forest Acts in line with the rules and regulations. The MPHRC has decided to hold meetings with the MPHRC to discuss the issues related to the Sixth Schedule so that there will be no conflict with the rules and regulations of the 3 (three) Autonomous District Councils in the State,” said Bah Dino DG Dympep. Shillong, November 08: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) through its Education Cell has sent a statement urging all the managers of various educational institutions to close down their premises. 10.12.2019 from schools, colleges and all universities.
Referring to the Congress party, Dr Mukul said that he has received a phone call from the party leaders but he has not received a phone call in these days. discuss this issue with the party leaders.
He also mentioned the lack of assistance during the natural disasters and the lack of organic fertilizers even though the government has banned fertilizers.
Until now, the Society has been distributing medicines to the patients.
co.
Food was also distributed to the patients of Ampati Civil Hospital, a cricket match was held between the district administration and the police department.
The SP urged the residents of the state not to take the law into their own hands but to cooperate with the police department which is conducting the ongoing investigation and to follow the rules and regulations of the police. law.
To promote the meeting, one of the opening ceremony was held today at the Indian Institute of Technology, Guwahati, Assam.
“As members of the party, we must be vigilant and ready to fight against drugs,” he said.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has issued this announcement this evening which will come into force from tomorrow morning 9th March
He said that the ethnic groups that have rebel groups like Bodo have signed the agreement and released whatever they want. While we demand only the ILP to protect against the influx of foreigners to protect themselves, they don't want, do you still trust this action.
Rishalin Syiemlieh, also known as Lin, has been one of the oldest women members.
It is for this reason that we have always confirmed that Adelbert Nongrum has misled the ECI with untrue letters and writings.
When it reached Khoh-yiar near the Mawkhap junction on the National Highway-40, the truck overturned and fell backwards into the night.
In a statement, the JSU demanded that the Prime Minister should introduce development projects to improve education, hospitals and roads in Jaintia Hills and implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP). be the top priority of the Government.
Police said the robbers had left behind other crosses made of lyntang trees.
Shillong, July 11: The Working President of KHNAM, Bah Thomas Passah, on Tuesday said that if the government wants peace and stability, it should accept the demands of the HNLC. He said that in the two years of talks between the state government and the central government, there will be no peace between the HNLC and it will return to the right path.
Dr Mawthoh said that out of the 18 MDC constituencies, the party has done well in nine constituencies even though the party has not won MLAs or MDCs in Garo Hills for many years. it does not have those party branches in the villages.
The HYC in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong of Mylliemumlong , Bah Tyllilang Mylliemumlong , has donated a small amount of money to the father of Bah Resterly Ryntathiang They will be treated immediately at the hospital.
On the other hand, Bah Rumnong said that once the people have elected him as their MDC, he will fulfill the promises he has made to the people as he has made his appeal through the appeal. distribute to the public.
The Seng always speaks the truth whether it is about the working methods of the government, issues affecting the Jaitbynriew or about corruption and others, said Samla Pynshaiborlang Rani.
In Rongjeng Civil Sub-Division, Jim Sangma raised the flag.
In 2009, the turnout was only 64 percent while now it has reached 68.97 percent.
On the other hand, the KSU has alleged that this is due to corruption.
The VPP, on learning of this, has been quick to talk to the CEM of JHADC and sent him a request that they should pay their salaries within this month. long before they can celebrate Behdeinkhlam.
Tura Parliamentary Constituency has made it clear that the people of Tura Parliamentary Constituency have turned against the Congress party and want change.
Police have registered another case of smoking in connection with the throwing of the HNLC Lama in April 2023 on the highway in Ri Bhoi District. This case has been registered at Nongpoh Police Station no. (3) 24 u/s 120B/121A IPC r/w Sec 10/13 UA(P)Act.
In the Outreach section, the focus will be on Artificial Intelligence, Electricity, Africa and the Mediterranean Region.
Due to the increase in resources, tourism has also increased in the northeast, as well as many small factories, educational institutions and sports facilities have been opened.
From the state budget in 2016-2017, 88 km of roads have been constructed and 164 km have been painted.
New Delhi, Naiwieng 28: The Union Minister of State for Housing and Development, Hardeep Singh Puri, will convene a meeting of all the states of the North East in Agartala on Saturday. Durga Shanker Mishra, Secretary to the Ministry of Urban Missions, Tripura, will meet with the officials of the states in the region to discuss the issue. follow up on schemes that have been implemented since 2014.
In the past few years, we have seen a survey conducted by National Projects Construction Ltd.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: A strong earthquake has struck the AD Camp of Umpleng Police Station at Umpleng under Khliehriat Police Station today.
"Roy said he was deeply concerned about this and said it was time for journalists to learn how to fight against fake news in a democracy like India, especially at times elections.
At present, many shops are named after Khasi while the managers and assistants are foreigners.
The union also urged Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem that the Council should stop issuing trading licenses to the state owners. in the trade with foreigners they are increasing from time to time.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Banteidor expressed his satisfaction to see that this school has grown and developed in this constituency and in the block as a whole to educate the children in this area.
He said that his service to the people of Ribhoi and Meghalaya is not over because as long as he is alive he will continue to work for the welfare of the people.
Hek stressed that the media also has a responsibility for the development of the state in all aspects. They don't have any discrimination and they don't have to look for the truth when they write anything.
AAMEF President Hiten Mahanta, senior journalists Amal Gupta, Nava Thakuria and others spoke at the rally.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: A meeting between the United Democratic Party (UDP) and the HSPDP today called for the Regional Democratic Alliance (Regional Democratic Alliance) to continue working for the strengthening of the ethnic parties in Meghalaya. .
Shillong, Lber 07: The Women's Day (WWD) has been celebrated from time to time to promote the empowerment of women.
Those who park their vehicles along the road are requested to park only on one side to avoid traffic jam,” said the General Secretary of the PPC. The entire road from Dhankheti to Shillong has been declared as a NO PARKING ZONE today.
The KSU and NESO also invite the people of Garo Hills to attend the rally as the leaders of the Garo Students' Union will also be present.
On the other hand, Ms Isawanda Laloo thanked the State Government and the Minister of Sports for their support in sending the children to take part in the National Games. to the president of the MSOA for helping to select the children who are eligible to take part in the National Games.
In the complaint, the MD of MIDC said that Bah Denis did not respect the rules laid down in the letter sent to him at the time of the release of the money. , according to a letter issued by the Meghalaya Rural Bank, it is clear that the man has destroyed some of the writings.
Shillong, Nailar 23: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Sanjay Goyal, on Tuesday said that it is illegal to dig a well in a house without permission.
Through cooperation we can preserve our forests and natural resources, we can protect our monuments for future generations, we can renovate our urban settlements and in the countryside.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that the KSU has been able to provide services to the people of the country. Hynniewtrep is because of the determination and strong foundation of the present and past leaders.
Shillong, Nailur 29: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District on Tuesday said that it is the responsibility of the District Transport Officer to look into the fare. of passengers.
At the same time, the Prime Minister said in a tweet after the meeting that the government respects all the citizens and is determined to work hard to promote and protect their rights. of the citizens.
This time too, he has no intention of supporting Embhah Syiemlieh, MDC of the UDP from this constituency.
The investigation against these two persons is ongoing to identify and arrest others involved in these incidents, said the SP (City).
Referring to the inability of the police to arrest CM Jha, the Prime Minister said that in India no one can escape from the law.
On the other hand, the FKJGP strongly condemns the summons by the Nongmynsong Police Outpost, Shillong to Bah Elton Cliff Warjri, Asst General Secretary of the FKJGP Central Body. public awareness on the need for ILP in the state and also to oppose the Citizenship (Amendment) Act.
Dr. Salam.
On this occasion, Pynshngain said that the EC on 26th November this year has sent to the District Council Affairs Department for approval from the Governor and on 20th April this year. They have received the approval of the Governor of the State.
He said that if they get their own state, it is a pride for them as a nation because they have their own culture.
It is sad to see that many farmers are working hard to cultivate Synsar, Sying, Sohsaw, Phan, Phulkubi, Kubi and other crops. brought to the market to sell at a price that does not match the price of their hard work.
It is worth mentioning that this special school was established by the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Synod West with the assistance of the Social and Economic Life Development Department (SELDD).
The Act has not yet been implemented as an advisory committee headed by a High Court judge has not yet been set up.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: A group of journalists from Shillong under the banner of the Meghalaya Union of Journalists (MUJ) in an emergency meeting chaired by Secretary Raju Sharma strongly condemned the killing of three journalists. staff of the Bengali newspaper Dainik Ganadoot published in Agartala.
Shillong, Nailar 20: Air Asia, Malaysian Airlines (AIR) has opened its doors for youths from Meghalaya to become air hostesses on the 24th of this month. This is the city of Shillong.
Dr Utta Bolhoef, who led the meeting, said that their country is ready to provide jobs for the preservation of the environment.
On behalf of the two souls who lost their lives in the fire that broke out on Sunday morning, the Seng sends its condolences to the family and the church as a whole.
Congratulations also go to all the Rangbiria of Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum, who came together to take part and celebrate what was indeed a victorious day and a sign of the country's independence. you nation.
This shows that the Government does not believe in the welfare of East Jaintia Hills District especially in terms of education,” said the statement.
The Prime Minister said that according to the provisions of the Coal Mines (Nationalisation) Act 1973, anyone who wants to mine coal cannot mine without permission from a government company or without the permission of a government company. to take over from government-owned corporations.
Guwahati, Naitung 13: Although some parts of Assam have been affected by floods, the rainfall in this month till July this year is still low. too little.
viii.
In the speech of those who came to give light including Rev. Barnes Mawrie, Rev. Edward Sten and Bah Mark West Kharkongor, it was said that the living Mother Nature is the voice of God in which all the good things are. the benefit of the Son of Man; Even though the universe created by God has its own earthquake, water, fire and wind, there is no danger because God has protected it.
Meanwhile, the guard called the nurses on duty but they did not find the door open and did not come to see Kong Bindas even though she was ill.
Their statement to ask questions does not mean that they will leave in the evening.
Shillong, Nailar 07: Police on Tuesday morning received a tip that an LP truck number ML05-G-9528 belonging to Yomiki Kharshandi, 20 years old, was carrying 12 muid. The vehicle was heading from Pynursla to Laitlyngkot but the vehicle was lost at Langkyrdem.
Answering a question by Meralborn Syiem, Minister in charge of Border Development, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui said that the government has already allocated T.1 crore for the villages on the border with Assam. and this fiscal year the government will release more money.
MH Dkhar President of AJYWO said, “The negligence of the government department in charge of this road has caused the people to fall into the sepngi tragedy while walking through this road”. Bah MH Dkhar said, “The deterioration of this road has turned into a hole in many parts of the road from Sonapur to Malidor. The part that has been used as a fish farm is in the areas of Tuber-Wapung and Lad-Rymbai to Byndihati.
In this regard, we suggested in 2017 that it would be better to extend the term of the Council and wait for the amendment of the Sixth Schedule by Parliament which will pave the way for Paragraph 2 (6A) There is no provision for the Anti-Defection Act.
On the other hand, the Director said that they hope that they can prevent the spread of this disease if there is cooperation until they get the medicines to treat this disease. pray for this to prevent this disease.
Furthermore, India also plans to establish a Global Innovation Hub that can support such activities and benefits from these partnerships.
After the explanation, there was another discussion where the resource persons were able to answer many of the questions asked by the journalists.
The campaign will include various programs across the country to remember the heroes.
Education Secretary Samla Evansroy Nongresm of SWKH District said that during the meeting today, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui promised to send an inspection to the schools which have been destroyed as mentioned by the union and this will be only for the schools. government schools to spend money to repair school buildings.
Speeches were also delivered by various leaders of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar, including the Seiñ Kur Dkhar Central Body, Seiñ Kur Dkhar East Jaintia Hills District and others. from the various Circles and Units of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar in Jaintia Hills.
The request comes after Assam released the final list of the NRC in which more than 19 lakh people have not been included in the list. poiei in the state of Assam.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The Meghalaya Police today changed the summons of the KSU leaders from Laitumkhrah Police Station to Mawlai Police Station.
Shillong, Nailar 11: The IBSD, Node Meghalaya, today welcomed farmers from Mawshynrut to learn how to plant flowers through the Agricultural Technology Management Agency (ATMA).
The Minister's statement came 10 days after the teachers of 22 colleges under the umbrella of the Meghalaya College Teachers' Association (MCTA) decided not to withdraw from the Non-Cooperation Movement (NCM). ) against the refusal of the Vice Chancellor of NEHU to cancel the Notification issued on 12th November 2023, urging the Colleges recognized by NEHU to The NEP should be implemented immediately from the Academic Year
He will also hand over two sections of the East West Corridor of the Bengaluru Metro to the country.
Now there is a clearer opening for dialogue and progress on the path to peace, the path to bring peace and stability and both sides have seen that there is an opening and it is an expectation. , the prayer of the KJCLF that these should bring about the righteousness, the righteousness, the righteousness, has not been expressed only in the writings.
They and the seized items were handed over to the Dangar Police Station for further investigation.
He said that the ban on coal mining has affected the livelihood not only of those working in this industry but has also caused losses to the state.
The child is currently under the care of the Child Protection Office at Lachumiere, Shillong.
A public awareness meeting on the PMUY scheme will be held at Ummulong on the 25th of this month by the Oil Marketing Companies (OMCs) to explain the PMUY scheme. They have the right to receive and learn how to use the insurance and to explain how to understand the insurance related to PMUY. If you have any questions, please apply for a new license from M/s Ripnar Gas Agency or M/s Rymbai Gas Agency.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: HSPDP spokesperson Bah G Nonglong on Tuesday said that the UDP, Congress and NCP are involved in the corruption in the teacher recruitment examination. They also asked why their MLAs should appear in the CBI report.
Shillong, Lber 11: Meghalaya has paid T.470 crore to 11 companies for light bill, including the payment to NEEPCO of T.363 crore, the Meghalaya Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has paid T.470 crore to NEEPCO. Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma in the House on the explanation of GNC MLA Clifford R Marak.
There have been 105 recoveries from all districts of the state. The highest number of recoveries are from West Jaintia Hills (28), West Garo Hills Bhoi 16 cases, East Khasi Hills 16 cases and North Garo Hills 10 cases.
Shillong, Lber 03: The KHNAm is not only a political party but also a party to awaken the people in the rule of law, said Jaiaw MDC Bah Adelbert Nongrum.
In West Jaintia District, two blocks have been affected by the cyclone and these are Thadlaskeiñ and Amlarem Block.
Macdalyn Sawkmie Mawlong, Rangkynsai Kharbuki, Pyniaidsing Syiem, Lambor Malngiang.
Shillong, November 24: Georgeprince Ch.
One of the occupants of the vehicle was identified as Mohammed Shamim from Bangladesh, a resident of Gobindpur, Netrakona District, Bangladesh.
Shillong, Naitung 05: The Sub-Divisional Officer (Elections), Amlarem today launched the Mission Unite 2017 with the aim of registering special names of youth aged 18 to 21 years on the electoral roll so that they shall be able to exercise their right to elect a representative.
Shillong, July 27: On the occasion of the 69th Republic Day 2018, 10 policemen of Meghalaya have received the President Police Medal and three policemen have received the Police Medal.
The government has set up various committees to look into this issue and has appointed various groups to look into this issue. playground in various sectors.
Winnerson also admitted that there will be others who will join the BJP in the coming days.
We are introducing a comprehensive approach to combating climate change – the State Action Plan on Climate Change
He said that the government has to pay T.11.08 crore on the bill submitted by the NTPC to the state government. At present, the government has paid T.100 crore although the remaining amount is T.531 crore. This payment is from the agreement signed in
General Secretary of the HYC, Bah Roykupar Synrem, said that the protest of the HYC today is to demand that the state government should talk to the central government to increase the excise duty of the government. Therefore, the price of Excise Duty is increased.
Speaking to reporters outside the Legislative Assembly under construction at Mawdiangdiang, he said that there was no tragic incident in this incident. It is said that someone has died is wrong and not true.
The Dorbar was held on the 22nd January 2013 at Nongstoin in the presence of Paiem Phylla Singh Syiem, Syiem of Nongstoin Hima. , Syiem of Rambrai, Sirdar of Jyrngam, Nonglang, Riangsih, Myriaw, Mawiang, and many Ministers, Lyngdohs, and hundreds of Sordars, Nongstoin Hima, and Elders of the area, at the In the presence of Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MIDC, Govt of Meghalaya, Chairman, Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, & Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States.
" He said the Government is also harnessing the power of technology in this regard.
“He also encouraged the need to introduce new techniques to assist farmers other than the private sector under the PRIME project. On the tourism sector, to improve the infrastructure and construction, Conrad K Sangma not only promised to expedite the implementation but also advised and urged them to create jobs for themselves. The residents of the area complain that they have electric vehicles to accommodate tourists and to sell food in specially reserved vehicles.
The Chief Guest also expressed his appreciation for this initiative of the organization from time to time and urged the students who are the future of the nation and the state to take care of sports and education.
He was arrested by the soldiers after they surprised him.
The Search and Rescue Team of the Shillong Fire and Emergency Services, Shillong, on receiving a request for assistance from the Umsiang Out Post Police, rushed to Umsiang village, where they recovered the body of a man. Sofikul Ali, 35, of Kahi Kuchi village in Kamrup district, Assam has been arrested.
The Central Government has introduced the Bill to amend the Sixth Schedule in the Rajya Sabha and the Rajya Sabha has sent it to the Parliamentary Study Committee for consideration.
This place was damaged by the fire.
At this meeting, it was agreed to continue the meeting between the two countries, not only between the army but also to have a cultural exchange between the two countries.
“The HNLC strongly condemns the recent decision taken by the State Government, especially the public announcement to summon Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw, General Secretary of the HNLC to appear in court despite the ongoing peace talks. ,” said Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw in a statement sent to the media on Tuesday.
However, this announcement of the government is only in words while the works are far away and this is evident from the deterioration of the road to Sohra.
It was in 2005 that Garo and Khasi were made official languages.
Two persons have died today, identified as Bah Bedingstar Lyngkhoi, 45, of Langsymphut, Lal Bhadur, 62, of Anjalee Beat House, Shillong. at Super Care Hospital Shillong.
After his arrest, he was taken to Jowai Police station, but at midnight he escaped from his room.
The Advertising Code under the Cable Television Networks Regulation Act, 1995, and the sections relating to advertising under the Standards of Journalistic Conduct introduced by the Press Council of India under the Press Council Act, 1978,” she said.
Students who participated in Computer-Beginner: Rikynti Lyngdoh, Computer-Intermediate: Zephyrlyne Deibameai Lyngdoh, Computer-Accounting: Khanchui Jajo, DTP (Part I): Iarilang Lyngdoh Nonglait, and Ronan Youroina and others. higher education.
“Those who have just applied and current students have not yet received their scholarship for the academic year 2023 and that is why we have given 10 days to the Government to release our scholarship but otherwise we will take to the streets,” said Samla Riang.
Shillong, July 29: To better connect Bangladesh with the North East, Bangladesh has decided to operate twice a day flights from Dhaka to Guwahati and This will start from the 10th of November this year.
This is the first rainfall and cold weather in Meghalaya in the beginning of the new year
The Prime Minister said that the passing away of the former president is a great loss and he sends his condolences to his children and family members.
Meghalaya Cooperative Apex Bank LTD has been implementing this HFDC scheme since 201-2011 and this bank has been able to provide assistance to the needy. MCAB has set up its own businesses up to 75% and the funds have been used 100% and this action of MCAB is an example for other banks in the North East of India. .
K Sangma said that MeECL has been given six months to demonstrate that it can do the job. This decision was taken at a meeting held today between the government, the directors of MeECL and the MeECL directors. engineer.
Jowai, Iaiong 12: Dozens of houses have been destroyed by a heavy rainfall in Amlarem area of ​​West Jaintia Hills on Friday morning.
Shillong, June 23: The Hynniewtrep Women Wings (HANM) has received a complaint from the residents of Nongstoin and Mairang that the government has ordered the shopkeepers to register their shops for the purpose of registration. and it came to the marketplace.
Shillong, March 25: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills today announced that the rice for the poorest of the poor has been released.
Speaking at the public meeting, although he did not name any party, he said, “In politics in India, the Khasi and Garo do not sit on the plate of food”. those who worked in the government criticized it.
Miss Grefelyne said that only those who are affected understand the problem. Therefore, just teaching the children is not enough when we see many shortcomings in the village in the rural areas. We understand that we have a great role to play in improving education in the schools we teach far from the city and we must also be the guardians to help the villagers in the development of the country. crawl.
The police have taken seriously this matter and the police will treat those who commit this act to create ethnic discrimination as thieves and will take action. According to the law, the perpetrators of the crime will be punished according to the law, said Bah SA Rynjah.
This railway line will not only affect the residents of Ri Bhoi but will affect the entire society if there are no laws to ban or search the people who enter the village without them. The proof that they have come and done is also an opening for non-Indian Khar Bangladeshis.
The incident came to light when the video spread on social media on 19/7/2022 and caused a stir across the country about the incident and after 24 hours after the video was spread, the police were arrested. four people were charged with involvement in the rape.
Other speakers on the occasion were Bah Toki Blah, Chairman, Meghalaya State Social Audit Council, Nikhil Dey, Founder of Mazdoor Kisan Shakti Sangathan (MKSS), Co Convenor, Aruna Roy, Founding Member, MKSS and President, National Federation of Indian Women (NFWW) who spoke on the occasion among others.
Referring to the demand of the opposition MPF ​​for the Prime Minister to step down, Dr Mukul said, “Does the MPF have many leaders to form a government? It is a party whose working methods are not clear because the party has not included any intention to implement the ILP in its manifesto but it is now coming forward to demand the implementation of the ILP. said Dr Mukul.
On the other hand, the bakhraw showed documents dating from 1839, 1988 and 1990, which clearly state that the raid lands cannot be sold at all.
The union suspects that this may have something behind it and may have no intention of recruiting anyone which will also be a hindrance to the youth of the area.
In this regard, “I also offer my blessings, prayers and supplications to God that this Shad Nongkrem and the fulfillment of the religious rituals will be successful. to be smooth, orderly, prosperous and successful and that the people of the land of Hynniewtrep-Hynñiewskum shall have health, strength, stability, peace, harmony, prosperity, knowledge of mankind. -tip God in the days to come"
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The 3rd National Cadets and Junior Kurash Championship 2018 was held at Dhanbad, Jharkhand on the 14th of this month. the moon shall end in the morning.
In his speech, the Minister said that this scheme is for all the people of Meghalaya except those who work in the government whether within the state government or within the central government.
Speaking at the 6th International Bodo Festival in Tura, he said that the Bodos belong to the Mongoloid community and the purpose of this festival is to spread mutual understanding.
Therefore, on this occasion, we believe that the Rangbah State of Meghalaya, especially the leaders of the Khasi community, who will meet with the Minister of Home Affairs, will raise and discuss one of the issues with the Minister of Home Affairs on the stay in Dulir. Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement approved by the Government of India and which lays down the principles on the Boundary of Sam, Forests, Land, Waters, Rivers, Mineral Resources and the Road to and how the Constitution of India shall apply in the Khasi States.
“We have been blessed with students who deserve the best opportunity, not only in terms of strengthening the education system and improving their quality of life in all side," he said.
In this meeting led by the President, Bah Gardon Khongsit, they informed the CEM of KHADC that this order should not only apply to the Village Authorities but also to the Syiems and Sirdars not to issue NOCs. pathar to the people who are outside.
The delegation was invited by the Indira Gandhi National Center for Arts (IGNCA), New Delhi to celebrate the International Women's Day. Patel, former President of India, Meera Kumar, Speaker Lok Sabha and other dignitaries will be present on the occasion.
He said that the current Deputy CEM is the Em in charge of this matter in the old EC.
He said that it is urgent that the JHADC authorities should have put all the information about the Khasi Pnar kurs, and to have the Riti Pyniaid of each kur. to include the names of the office bearers of all the Kurs.
“The clear message is that the Government will have to take strong action against such border crossings,” the statement concluded.
The organizing secretaries are Barikula Nongsiej and Biangbor Paliar. The education secretaries are Readyonstone Nongrum and Michael Lawai Lyngdoh.
Shillong, Nailur 23: St. Anthony's College today held a Blood Donation in which more than 70 students donated their blood.
At these meetings, both Mawthadraishan and Mairang C&RD Block expressed their satisfaction and agreed that the MGNREGS scheme and the IAY scheme (Central Scheme) have been a blessing and They have transformed the villages and improved the livelihood of the people within the boundary of Mawthadraishan C&RD and Mairang C&RD Block.
Regarding the Bill, the Governor has sent it back to the KHADC with a letter on 6th June 2019, to consider the Bill. The KHADC has set up a special advisory committee. The Committee on Law and Traditional Affairs will not consider this Bill.
Shillong, November 08: The National People's Party (TMC) today inaugurated its office in Nongstoin West Khasi Hills District. Mukul Sangma is not George B Lyngdoh.
It is learned that at the beginning of the protest on 13/9/2022 there were only 20 people and today it has reached more than 60 people and tomorrow they will come more. the decision to strike with an indefinite hunger strike was taken at a meeting of the striking teacher.
Other decisions taken by the Cabinet today were to reinstate the Government Promulgation of the Meghalaya Amendment Ordinance, Court Fees and the Meghalaya Electricity Ordinance.
These are the boundaries of the new police station.
These 40 players were selected by the club to take part in the Sub-Junior National Championship held in Calicut, Kerala.
The MDC of Mawkynrew Constituency inaugurated the well and the site on Saturday in the presence of Bah Raison Nongrum, Sordar Shnong Lynshing, Babu RD Lyngdoh Head Master of Lynshing Constituency. Samla Jerimaia Lyngshing, President Youth Brotherhood Sports Club, Samla Andrew Bina, Secretary Youth Brotherhood Sports Club and also one of the leading youth leaders of the area Bah Compromise Nongrum who is also the President of the area. of Lamlynti Social & Cultural Club, Lyngshing with the participation of the students of Tmoi Presbyterian LP School, Lyngshing.
This promise was made on the 3rd of this month when the leaders of the MCTA expressed their gratitude to the Chief Minister.
On the demand for Garoland, Purno said this is the top issue of the NPP and this is included in the party's election manifesto.
Despite all these challenges, the number of apprentices in India has increased from 0.9 lakh in 2014-15 to over 5 lakh in 2021-2
In his speech, the President of the party as the chief guest stressed that the youth need such sports because when the youth are healthy and strong they can fight against any forces that try to attack. the Nation.
There are 20 new cases of COVID-19 in West Garo Hills, 4 in Ri Bhoi, 3 in East Khasi Hills, 2 in North Garo Hills and 2 in North Garo Hills. the positive test don wei wei.
He said that we should not forget the issues and issues that the nation is fighting for for the rights of the indigenous people.
Police have registered a complaint at Laitumkhrah Police Station and the case is No.132(8)2015 u/s 354 IPC. A complaint has been lodged against the suspect under sections 7/8 of the POCSO Act. The court has confirmed that the suspect has committed the rape of the child. The High Court on 2.8.2018 has sentenced him to three years imprisonment and a fine of T.1000 tyngka.
Furthermore, the KSU has demanded from the DC of South West Khasi Hills District to set up a new District Level Team so that the Work Permit can be implemented properly from now on.
When investigated, the union found that due to the government's change that teachers will have to complete the B.ed.
Any religion can preach its own faith throughout India.
Shillong, March 26: U Conrad K. Sangma MP of Tura today met with the Union Minister of State for Road Construction, Nitin Gadkari in Delhi. He urged the Minister to improve the National Highways in Meghalaya which are in poor condition.
In the Khasi Hills, it had to be postponed due to opposition from some quarters.
This is also true of human rights without counting the value of human life by taking away human life immediately from the outside through the production of various diseases and drugs that have not been able to explain until now. World Depopulation is the world's largest economy.
Under the leadership of Prime Minister Duh, India has made progress in all sectors and is now the fifth largest economy in the world, Verma said, adding that the country will soon will turn into a third-largest economy.
On the other hand, Pius Rani advised the youth that if they want to start any job, they should not do anything suddenly, but they should search and analyze carefully the job they are doing. They should not rush but start small.
In the complaint, she explained that the jobs given to her were to clean the floors, clean the karma of the house and sometimes to clean the clothes, but I did this. These duties were sent by the Director of Soil and Water Conservation at his residence.
The Seng congratulates him as one of the poets who wrote the song “Ka Shynkhan ki riew ieit Ri” a song which has touched and reflected the life of a man like himself. This is in the album “Ka Nakra ki sangot” which we released in
Shillong, March 24: U Bah JA Lyngdoh, Vice President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, today slammed the Congress leaders who wanted to change the special status of the minorities.
The total number of cases in the state has reached 1141, with 733 cases in East Khasi Hills, 43 cases in West Khasi Hills, 1 case in Ri Bhoi, 12 cases in West Jaintia Hills. Garo Hills 223, South West Garo Hills 4, South Garo Hills 12, East Garo Hills 3 and North Garo Hills
It should be in the form of conscription like military service in other countries to bring peace and stability especially on the border otherwise it will be like the Palestinians to become refugees in their own country.
Thilda Lyngdoh Mawphlang, the sister of Bah Marshall Marweiñ, said that she went to Pastor Byrwa to pray for her and gave her hope that God will bless her. The body of Bah Marshall will be found again.
The school was established in 1970 and was upgraded to Secondary in
The body of the deceased was identified as Sijo Joseph, 47, of Beltola Road, Guwahati.
: The Director of Tourism, Bah Cyril VD Diengdoh on Tuesday directed the All Khasi Meghalaya Tourist Taxi Association (AKMTTA) to provide an account of the entry of foreign tourist vehicles. It is located in the State of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Nailur 14: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Central Executive Council (KSU) in a statement has expressed its deep sorrow and regret over the recent incidents in the border areas of Ri Bhoi, West Khasi Hills and West Jaintia Hills.
Therefore, the Seng strongly warns the Karbi people and the Assam government not to cross the border into Meghalaya and not to harass the Khasi people living in West Jaintia Hills District. The decision to close down the Karbi House in Laban and persecute the Karbi community as they persecute the Khasi.
There have been 228 recoveries in the state today, bringing the total number of recoveries to 17582 so far.
The reason for their refusal to apply for medical treatment is to avoid being harassed by people in uniform.
Regarding the appointment of principals in government colleges, the Directorate of Higher and Technical Education (DTI) has not yet complied with the rules laid down by the UGC. regarding the appointment of principals in government colleges.
According to a letter sent by the police, the suspect was identified as Bernard N Marak, 52, of Danak Kombe, near Don Bosco College, Tura. English, Hindi, Assamese and Bengali.
Referring to the statement regarding the NEDA, Bah Ardent said that the HSPDP has nothing to do with the NEDA since its inception.
Shillong, Nailur 28: The Chief Executive Officer (CEO) in charge of the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) in the state today announced that the registration period for the scheme has been postponed to the 31st of this month. the month of April is coming.
However, one group who wants to join India by joining Assam through the sixth century, this demand for a Khasi Jaintia State is not new but has been in existence since
The world's fastest 5G services launch.
According to sources, the 20 leaders of HANM were arrested by the police for questioning and they are still in the custody of the police.
Shillong, Naitung 02: The Meghalaya SSA Schools Association (MSSASA) in its meeting held at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall on Saturday decided to file a complaint in the High Court against the National Institute of Open Schooling (MSASA). NIOS) for not being able to correct the results of the Diploma in Elementary Education (D.EL.ED) Examinations 2015 for the first batch of 2013 even after the results were released. up to three times for the same examination which was released on 22nd July this year.
He gathered information on various income related activities that have been developed to achieve this goal.
It is at this time that they feel the need to convene the KHADC authorities to improve the Hima by convening a Hima Dorbar to clarify who is one Raiot and one Dkho to understand how many Raiot and one Dkho. There are foreigners who have received land within the Hima Mylliem and other Himas which are clean and which the Raiot have to renew every year.
Bah Mawphniang said that the Governor has received the complaint of the ANWU and promised to talk to the authorities in charge of these issues. The university faces difficulties, especially for day laborers and contract workers.
Samla Riang said that the delay of the Government in releasing the scholarship has encouraged the students who come from poor and low income families, especially the students. who came from the countryside.
“I am confident that the elections will be based on the greatness of our democracy," he said.
The opening ceremony of the Mission Unite 2017 U&I was held at Enowel Hall, Amlarem.
This will be held from 6.00 pm to 7.00 pm at the two police stations Lumdiengjri and Sardar police station, as well as at the Police Outposts and Beat Houses under its jurisdiction.
Shillong, Lber 31: The Meghalaya Police Department today issued guidelines for those youths who have been selected to run for the police service which will start on 5th June 2021 at Mawiong and in Goegragre in Tura.
The resignation of the Congress party workers includes the office bearers of various Zones as well as the leaders of various Circles, Primary Units, Mahilas and Youths from various parts of the country. party Congress.
“Today is a special day to celebrate Easter and I have the opportunity to visit the Sacred Heart Cathedral in Delhi with my I have met with religious leaders from Christian denominations.
Steps have been taken for 6G, the Prime Minister has launched the Bharat 6G Vision document, the Department of Telecom (DoT) has appointed a group known as the Bharat 6G Alliance.
The Chief Minister said he has also informed the Congress MLAs who have come to work with the party that the chairpersons of the regional committees will clarify the issue in resolving the border issue. It is not shared with the state of Assam.
Dalariti Kharnaior, sister of Crystal Gayle, also sang a song of thanksgiving.
Shillong, March 01: The District Election Office of East Khasi Hills District today held a ceremony to honor the elderly on this special occasion at the Mercy Home in Demthring Shillong. .
In videos posted on social media, it was seen that the Meghalaya Police while patrolling in the area were attacked by the Karbi community and had to flee farther to escape. from any traumatic events.
Shillong, Nailar 17: The BJP Meghalaya Unit of the Youth Wing today met with the Governor of Meghalaya, V. Shanmuganathan to demand that he look into the issue. and Aadhar to release the state of Meghalaya.
Shillong, July 26: Eight cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Shillong, one in East Khasi Hills and seven in West Garo Hills.
We decided to fight till the end," he said.
Referring to the relationship with the MDA government, Dr Donkupar said the government will last until the end of five years and beyond and they will work as a team.
With this proclamation today, the law that was proclaimed before has died.
He said the expenditure for the project will be Rs 142.13 crore and not Rs 453 crore as estimated.
In the first half, the two teams scored equal goals and as they scored equal goals, the tie breaker was played in which Shillong Lajong scored 1 goal and won. he won the name.
Col Rajiv Malhotra, Project Director NHAI, said that there is no problem or delay in the construction of the road. He said that the work has been started since 10th July 2014 and will be completed within three years.
Shillong, Nailur 02: The three authorities in charge of Shillong, especially the surrounding areas of Iewduh, which produces the most garbage in Shillong, have now decided to They worked together to bring about cleanliness in Iew Mawlong, the most polluted place in Shillong.
HYC Mawlai Publicity Secretary Bah Kitbok Thabah also handed over the free hand sanitizer to the Durbar Shnong. Umjaiur unit in a statement sent today.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Ardent said that as of now, the influx of foreigners into Meghalaya is excessive and to prevent this, the ILP should be implemented in Meghalaya. the state.
On the 11th, police have arrested four persons and seized 45 grams of heroin. Police have also arrested four persons from a vehicle carrying heroin. The arrested were identified as Kyrshan Syrti, Trusty Latam, Ferdinand Pale and Chanmi Patwet.
The fourth training program for farmers was held on 31st June, 2014 at Pyngdeng Umiong Village, West Khasi Hills District under the project of Department of Science and Technology (DST), New Delhi. by Prof. H. Kayang, Principal Investigator, Center for Advanced Studies in Botany, North-Eastern Hill University, Shillong in collaboration with Ms. Mariana Dkhar, Program Coordinator, Krishi Vigyan Kendra, Nongshillong, West Khasi Hills.
Shillong, November 06: With the launch of ePOS machines in ration shops with the aim of implementing the so-called “One Country, One Ration Card”.
“As we approach Yoga Day this year, it is important that we reinforce the importance of making Yoga a part of our lives and encourage others to do the same.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYF) Western Region has strongly opposed the government's plan to set up camps for the ANVC-B in West Khasi Hills.
The Government has stood firm in its responsibility to open up opportunities for all the people of the country.
The Seng condemns the SAD Department for not being able to send the roster so far and suspending this work.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: Sweetie Ch Momin, Lower Division Assistant, Accounts Department, GHADC, has lodged a complaint with the Police on 27th June. office on the lack of salary has been shot dead by fellow employees by suspending her from her job.
Earlier, the Honorary Secretary of MCA, Bah Gideon Kharkongor welcomed all the players, office bearers and all those who attended the event. to develop cricket players in the region in the past few seasons.
Especially during the rainy season, the public should park their vehicles, scooters and bikes in places out of the rain, especially two wheelers and ensure that the tanks are well covered. petrol so that water does not get inside.
The inspection team thoroughly examined the Substructure works like Pile cap, Pier shaft, Abutment shaft, Pier cap, Abutment cap and Superstructure works like Girder, Cross Girder, and slab.
Sanjay Prakash, Managing Director, SBI Foundation, praised the uniqueness of education through play and said that it is an important part of the development of children from an early age.
Mohan Limbu, Chairman of Jhalupara Village Council, congratulated the MLA for his good deeds by providing special water from the PHE to the area including the Cantonment. for the works he had done.
The age of appointment will be 32 years, while for foreigners it will be extended for another five years to 37 years.
They said that the C&RD department urgently needs to get its own cadre (special officers who will work and retire only in the Community & Rural Development department).
347 persons have received the Police Medal for their bravery, 87 persons have received the President Police Medal for their bravery. of them 648 in all.
This demolition will continue until everything is completed within this month.
The reason why we have to talk about this issue which is an important part is because we need a Government that is sufficient to provide full services to us as citizens of the State and that We must understand that whatever part we use here on Earth is a precious part of the people and not only that but we are also the people who have the right to stand and vote. The person who is going to become a leader in the position for the sake of bringing about the needs of the people should not just go up and down until he reaches the limit to treat the people badly. because of his joy as a Lord without thinking and remembering his position in the public service.
The Government should implement the Minimum Support Price (MSP) demanded by farmers across the country.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Minister said that the COVID-19 pandemic which has lasted for the past two years has put all the people in great trouble. The people have expressed their willingness to cooperate for the good of the people.
Shillong, November 17: Four civil society organizations including the KSU, FKJGP, RBYF and HNYF today held a public meeting to continue the demand for the Inner Line Permit in Meghalaya. Motphran to demand that the central government should implement the ILP in Meghalaya.
It is also learned that there has been an earthquake in Tamulkuchi village and in this incident one man has lost his life in this earthquake.
The walk will also be a message to others that we should take care and love nature because without nature, man cannot live.
BJ Laloo SP of West Khasi Hills has been transferred and appointed as Second in Command of SF-1
Shillong, November 12: All the polling officers today arrived at the polling stations of the nine MDC constituencies to elect their leaders from among the names of those who will be their MDCs.
The annual production of tyrpad from the state will not be less than 1 lakh metric tonnes. All these turapd leaves are exported to Kolkata because the Bengalis like to use them in the production of jyntah.
Jofika FC Iooksi will play against Iatreilang FC Raliang.
The introduction of the Meghalaya Regulation and Verification of Tenants Bill 2013 by the state government is only a ploy to overturn the decision of the High Level Committee on Influx which has been approved and sent to the government to implement the ILP. in your state.
There is also a paramedical school and a dental college.
The suspect was identified as Bah Shaphrang Mastor, 42, of Shahllang village, West Khasi Hills.
The Wapungskur Dorbar Shnong also urges the government to advocate for the benefit of the people of the state,” said the statement.
In a statement issued by the three political parties from Jaintia Hills, they said that as the parties in charge of the welfare of the people, they do not want these conflicts and misunderstandings to arise between the rulers. “We want this issue and handshake between the two cases to end immediately,” said the leaders of the three parties. more.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Wrestling Association of Meghalaya has started preparations for the selection of the athletes for the 3rd North East Olympic Games
Thanks to Bah RG Lyngdoh for giving this permission.
The source said that today, the school authorities said that a Class-6 student has escaped from the hands of the robbers who tried to kidnap him while he was he was going home.
Other vehicles may park along the road from Barik Point to Pine Mount School and Seventh Set School, Lower Lachumiere from Horse Shoe Building to DIPR, Treasury Office, opposite Additional Secretariat to Barik Point, behind the house. u Lat, in front of Don Bosco Hall (Hopkinson Road), Jacob's Ladder and Boyce's Road.
He said that if the roster system is followed, it will be true that no one can change the roster according to their wishes. each department should follow exactly.
On this day, almost all the Rangbah Shnongs of the town and surrounding areas were present.
In the past years, there have been groups that have attacked the paradoh para snam in Block-II, by demanding money from the people for agriculture and other activities that are not appropriate in the society. kup shiliang households who earn their living from agriculture or trade.
New Delhi, Nailur 19: The Union Minister of State for Sports, Anurag Thakur will hold online talks with Ministers of State and Union Territories across the country on Monday to discuss issues related to Sports. to further promote sports activities in the country.
144 Crpc has also been imposed in Umlaper area to prevent anyone from entering the village from Assam or Meghalaya.
In the welterweight category 63.5-67kg, Rajat defeated Abhishek Yadav of Railways while Akash defeated Abhinab Saikia of Assam (who won the title of Best Challenger Boxer) in the light middleweight category 67-71kg. .
Nangtei Sing Syiemiong, the king of the Langrin Hima, has been temporarily removed from the post of king.
The KSU has demanded that the State Government should immediately withdraw the BSF troops who used to patrol the Sonapyrdi Bridge and said that this patrolling by the BSF troops is illegal because in fact they are BSF troops. They should have taken action to curb crime at the border but they are standing guard on the National Highway-6 at Sonapyrdi.
Many of the illegal activities such as cybercrimes, financial frauds and anti-social activities are committed using SIM cards obtained by providing fake documents.
In a statement sent by the PRO of BSF Meghalaya, the BSF, Meghalaya Frontier has seized 1669 cows since July, 2023 from the border.
The Principal Secretary to the Prime Minister, the Home Secretary and the Health Secretary to the Union Government were also present.
The purpose of the deployment of female policemen in plain clothes is to prevent men from raping women and to arrest them if they do so in public places.
This is not only for the farmers but also for those who produce food and beverages from this area.
The distribution of medicines was seen in Mawkhar, Wahthapbroo this evening. The staff said that the distribution of medicines has also been completed in other parts of Shillong.
He said the HFU has been fighting for the farmers since 2016 after reviving it which has been lost since
During the visit to the Jowai Civil Hospital, the BJP women's group was delighted to hear that the patients have expressed their gratitude to the Prime Minister.
The illegal quarrying has caused the stones to fall into the streams at the foot of the hills and this has caused pollution and the wells are no longer suitable for irrigation or washing clothes.
“The Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare, who is the Minister in charge of Law, will come immediately and those companies who have submitted tenders for this, will have problems again,” he added. .
Shillong: The Seng Khasi Kmie through the Lum Sohpetbneng Committee has launched the preparations for the 25th Kiew Pyneh Rngiew, which will be held on the 4th June
Forwardman Nongrem President KSU South West Khasi Hills District said, “This is our heritage so that it will not be a heritage that the future generations will come to bury in our hills because we cannot protect our nation. our".
After the meeting, he visited Themiew Mawlong to meet with the residents of the area in the presence of magistrates from the District Administration.
Through these better vehicles, not only do we provide income but we also open up opportunities for income generation from the beauty of the environment and also the people of Meghalaya.
The Central Government should set up its own department to look after the ADCs in the North East, and they should also discuss the reduction in the allocation of funds to the ADCs because It is not because of them that they cannot issue certificates that they have spent the money but because of the delay of the NITTI AAYOG to send the rules and the inability of the government to release the money. at the right time.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Brol Nongsiej, MLA & MDC, Bah Brol Nongsiej, MLA & MDC, who congratulated the people of Nongkhlaw Hima, on this day, said that we need to stand up to fight against anyone. laws which come to violate the right of ownership of land, forests and land resources.
Those who wish to support can visit the Miss Tourism Queen Worldwide Facebook Page.
Donald said the lack of employment opportunities and the decline in income.
The awarding ceremony of Kong Passah is another recognition of the traditional music. She has worked hard to preserve the traditional music for many decades.
Karnes Nonglang, 25, of Mawkyrwat, resident of Lumshyiap and Shalbines Lyngdoh, 32, of Mawlai, Massar.
The Cabinet also discussed the special session which the government will convene on the 20th of this month to approve the special job allocation for minorities and indigenous people. .
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The hard work of the BSF troops in the past few days has reduced the smuggling of cattle from Meghalaya to Bangladesh due to the seizure of cattle by the troops on the border from time to time. period.
“We appeal to the authorities to think about this.
In recent newspaper articles, it was found that the State Government and the Government of India are considering to improve and strengthen close and friendly relations especially in trade with Bangladesh and other countries. or neighborhood.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Bah Glorious Bareh, who organized the festival, said that the purpose of the two-day festival is to showcase to the world that the There are many beautiful places to visit that no one has ever seen.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 1162, 113 recoveries today and 10 deaths.
"(SP NewsP.Shillong,Jymmang,21: The Indian Got Talent from Shillong has postponed the date from the 22nd to the 22nd of this month. 23rd of this month to take part in the rynsan for unavoidable reasons.
The amendment was introduced by Congress MDC Bajop Pyngrope from the opposition and supported by PN Syiem, RV Lyngdoh, Lamphrang Blah, Opposition Leader Charles Marngar and the ruling party. Bindo M Lanong said:
Regarding this statement of these leaders, the JSU expresses its regret that although there are these inspectors from the Council, but there are still many foreigners who have the opportunity to set up shops and do various jobs. different without proper documentation.
Now, I would like to ask the farmers whether they have ever thought about the welfare of the environment.
These insults came to light after members and leaders of KSU South West Khasi Hills District visited , repaired and repaired the damage to these schools on 14/04/2022 under the leadership of Samla Jiedskhem Nongsiej General Secretary KSU South West Khasi Hills District) and Samla Evansroy Nongrem Education Secretary KSU South West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, November 13: The Union of Village Authorities (SNSBH) today under the leadership of Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, Chairman, CoMSO. R Blah today donated blankets and food items to help this orphanage.
They selected the woodcutters, two sakudih, two ksing tem, four dhuli, two sawer, two shawiang skits and two mahuri skits, he added.
Tamil Nadu is the first state to have 10 lakh health facilities through eSanjeevani.
All the vendors are urged to refrain from selling on these footpaths and roads if they do not comply with this order the law will take action.
Since 2013, the Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSSASA) has demanded from the State Project Director (SPD) to fully implement the rules of the SSA regarding the payment of salaries of SSA teachers. The salaries of SSA teachers should be sent directly to the personal accounts of the teachers by the managing committees as soon as they receive the money from the DMC or BMC office. 2016 and is now being implemented in all districts in the state, said Bah Pariong.
This is evident from the fact that the Vice Chancellor of NEHU is quick to meet with the senior staff but not with the casual employees.
Shillong, July 09: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today announced that an elderly person from Ri Bhoi District has tested positive for COVID-19 in Shillong.
Police are conducting investigation to find out the cause of the murder of a 50-year-old boy in Umtyngar village. to find out the truth about the murder of a shiphew year old child.
For more information please email.
As a reminder in the past decades, there was a 'Sein ki writers of Jaintia Hills' which included (L) Dr.B Pakem as one of its members. find ways and means to promote and strengthen the Pnar language.
The primary objective is to improve the dissemination of information related to WEP and the implementation of the various initiatives that WEP has initiated.
The SHG also encourages other women to join hands with them so that they too can get the benefits such as training in financial matters.
Those who complained were private individuals from various parties, saying that without consulting the districts, the government has already met with the District Councils, Chief Executive Members and civil society organizations. There is no authority to do so. What they are doing now was prepared by the government of Dr. Mukul Sangma in
The daily income of the Government of Mizoram through the ILP is not less than 50 people per day, if the daily income is Rs.6,000, the monthly income is Rs.1,68,000 and the annual income ( Rs.20, 16,000) This is also just an estimate from my own research only in Shillong and Silchar.
As the youth of the area, the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawkynrew Circle has benefited greatly from the appointment of experienced officers as the Block Development Officers of the Block.
It is right to strongly demand the repeal of the CAA as it is unfair and violates human rights.
Members of the Vigilance Committee, passport photographs should be included in their applications and this will be the same for all new applicants and those who wish to renew their licence.
“The vision of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the opportunities he has created and the hard work and determination of our athletes have ensured that India has won 100 medals.
Messages should be informative and avoid scaremongering.
This program gave lessons to all in the allocation of people to jobs that affect their future.
The BSF troops have handed over the arrested persons and the seized sugar to the Dawki Police Station for further investigation.
The All India Quarterly Employment Survey (AQEES) consists of two parts – the first is the Quarterly Employment Survey (QES) and the second is the Area Frame Employment Survey (AFES).
The union congratulates MeECL and requests and urges it to expedite the issuance of appointment letters to the youth in phase 2 and phase 3, before the end of June this year.
It is a fact that any citizen of this country who is minute in his work, who contributes to society by keeping the rules of work, whether it is the work of doctors, nurses, teachers, officials villagers, factory workers, merchants, or those who have to care for the elderly, all in their own way, show the spirit of freedom.
Furthermore, on the same day, a meeting was held with the management of Iatylli Lang Shipara L.P.Skul where they expressed their concern over the government's failure to provide assistance to the school.
The improvement in these two schools besides the classrooms has also included computers, computer training to teach the children according to the present era.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah L Rynniaw said that the reason for the dissolution of the party is that there have been some groups who have taken advantage of the opportunity to collect money from the party. The crowds and shopkeepers in the markets in Shillong.
The people should not misunderstand this, this is an alliance and not a unity.
Members of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (NYF) who are currently in the state for peace talks with the Government have sent a flower with the flag of the party through the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (NYF). .
The Lum Jingthang Committee has decided to suspend the meeting until further notice.
The search and arrest of Kulmar is like intimidating the people.
Shillong, July 13: Pastor Rev Sanborly Diengngan together with other pastors have expressed their gratitude to the government of Dr Mukul Sangma for introducing the amendment to the Meghalaya Compulsory Registration of Marriage Act
They also demanded that the Government of Meghalaya should inform the Central Government and investigate by the NIA on this incident, as the FIR and inquiry alone is not enough and these killers should be given capital punishment. that such things should not happen again.
Discussions centered around the extensive damages caused by the Cyclone, including landslides and heavy rainfall that severely affected all districts of Meghalaya.
He was born on 19th November, 1970 in a farming family at Laitkyrhong in East Khasi Hills District of Meghalaya.
Shillong, March 07: There are 94 new cases of COVID-19 in Shillong, 54 cases in West Khasi Hills and 32 cases in West Khasi Hills. and 1281 cases have been reported.
The office and staff of the Legislative Assembly express their deep sorrow over the passing away of Bah Robert Kharshiing, former MLA of 17-Laitumkhrah Assembly Constituency.
Answering questions from reporters, the prime minister did not say yes or no.
The last rites for the priest will be held tomorrow morning at 1.30 pm at the Laitumkhrah Cathedral.
The ceremony was attended by government officials, political party leaders and Congress supporters.
S.Shillong, June 11: Members of Shillong Lajong FC together with coaches and management of the football team today visited the students of St. Edmunds College.
Besides the Wahsiej Dorbar Shnong, others who honored Heprit Elambok included the Wahsiej Youth Association, the SELD Committee of the Wahsiej Presbyterian Youth Assembly, the Wahsiej Village Organization. Sports Club, Wahsiej Govt LP School, Banrikynti LP School, and Church of God LP School.
The new office bearers of the party were sworn in by the President and these office bearers who were elected today will carry out the responsibilities of the party.
The meeting was held today at the Rashtrapati Bhavan Cultural Center New Delhi, in the presence of the Chief Ministers of India. This is according to a tweet by the Chief Minister.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War today said that 591 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in the state, bringing the total number of cases so far to 2121 cases in East Khasi Hills and 502 cases in Ri Bhoi.
Furthermore, the KSU demanded that after the meeting, the District Administration of West Jaintia Hills and West Karbi Anglong should submit a report on the demands at the meeting.
According to political observers in Meghalaya, the meeting of MLAs from their respective parties will be held in November before Christmas before the announcement of elections in Meghalaya.
He said that at the meeting, the Committee has also directed the political party leaders to send their comments by July 15 on the implementation of the Roster System and the Reservation Policy. The meeting will be held again to discuss how to proceed.
The data shows that there are only a few poor people in India compared to the World Bank.
He said that the prayers can be offered from house to house and on this day we should pray especially for the whole world, especially for India and also for Meghalaya to get rid of this. plague.
He said that from now on they will not ask for permission to come forward for the demand of the jaidbynriew to survive.
Because it is not only now, but it has happened since the creation of Meghalaya, it is necessary to arrange for the people living on the border to live in peace.
The Chief Minister said that the request of the state government to the central government not to transfer jobs includes the army, groups, soldiers, employees of central government departments, corporations. and the same to the employees of the Banks.
An upper primary school should have between 200 and 600 students.
Speaking to reporters, Kong Syiem said that if the Government wants to lift the indefinite strike of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of PWD, Bah Prestone Tynsong or the Prime Minister, Conrad K.K. Sangma should give a written promise to implement this road as I have demanded. She said that the refusal to accept the promise of Nongpoh MLA Mayral Born Syiem and the Executive Engineer of PWD (Roads) Nongpoh Division wants the exact commitment to come from the hands of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the PWD department or from the Prime Minister.
“We are proud to have a Federal Government that understands the importance of our state and is working hard to address the challenges we face.
At present, there is not a single law to protect the jaidbynriew, except the Land Protection Act which was introduced by Prof Martin Majaw. Single Window Agency and this has affected this land law.
These programs were organized by the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs of the State Government in collaboration with the Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan, Meghalaya Zone.
The total number of deaths from the disease has risen to 1439 in East Garo Hills. The death toll has risen to
The exhibition was carried out in collaboration with DIPR and the North East India Archive, St Anthony's College Shillong.
It was on this basis that Kalita abducted Atos Momin, a resident of Balakhawa and tortured him until he was seriously injured.
He said that the health workers will visit the villages where the vaccine is being distributed.
With the title of Mrs India Universal, Sabina will represent India at the international level pageant to be held in London in November. The 5th will end on the 10th of this year.
This was announced by Japanese Ambassador Kenji Hiramatsu during a meeting with North East Minister Dr Jitendra Singh in Delhi.
Surprisingly, when it came to this, the ADC authorities and the State Government took sting to respond or provide adequate clarification to the Government of India and this has led to the delay in many areas.
Mairang, July 30: Dr Henry Lamin, Pro Vice Chancellor of NEHU today inaugurated the Kharsawphra College of Arts and Commerce at Mairang.
For all other Higher Education institutions such as state universities, private universities etc., may open only for research scholars (Ph.D.
Tura, Naitung 13: A 28-year-old mother has been raped by gangs of robbers in Pipulbari village, on the border of Assam and Meghalaya.
COMSO has agreed and expected that the State Government will advocate for the ILP in Delhi but now they don't have enough time to take to the streets to demand ILP. The Governor of the State who in fact should have listened to the decision of the MLAs in the Assembly to send back the MRSSA Amendment Bill 2020 to the State with his statement.
Prestone congratulated the MLA of Mawlai for bringing this issue to the House and at the same time said that the Land Transfer Act is in force in this area. 8 to No.11 the Government will take action on this issue.
Besides, the Khasi face difficulties when going to hospitals in Assam for treatment due to the lack of understanding of the language,” said Bah Sungoh.
The Government has been holding regular meetings with the Deputy Commissioners, Superintendents of Police, the Department of Natural Resources, Transport and the Government has taken many lat. route to prevent illegal transportation.
Due to the outbreak of COVID-19 in the world, the country and the state have to take measures to prevent the spread of COVID-19 within the district and state according to the directives of the State Government and the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Other salaries shall be paid in accordance with the existing rules and regulations and shall be paid from the IGP's Office Salaries-General Voted. .
At the same time, the party would like to thank the Rangbah Shnongs and the people who have given their support during the march.
You shall have the opportunity to try and judge by experts before accepting the public as such languages ​​that do not exist or that are not created or created.
Shillong, November 04: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Shillong Times on 19.10.2019, has started the Normal Session of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). which is called to be held in terms of sub-rules (1), (2), and (3) of the Constitution of District Councils Rules, 1951, as amended.
Ephrim Khardewsaw, who was arrested along with Pynskhemlang Nongshlong after his release from jail, said that he doesn't feel anything even though he has been detained in jail. beat them lightly as thieves who have committed evil deeds.
The welcome speech was opened by Bah Titosstarwell CEM of KHADC in which he expressed his gratitude and said that there will be a cooperation between the EC and the Legislative for the purpose of manage the affairs of the District Council.
The Executive Committee of Bah HS Shylla within the KHADC will meet tomorrow morning to discuss the Bill. by the House, whether to request the Bill from the Government to amend it or to leave it to the discretion of the Government.
Sadly, the people are seeking justice from some of the criminals who are causing our people to suffer.
He said the success of the Swachh Bharat Mission, the Aspirational Districts programme, Amrit Sarovar and India's role in digital payments in the world is due to Jan Bhagidari.
Gigur said that in human beings there are many shortcomings, we should forgive and forget what happened, we should think for the benefit of the people, as it is now the people are in There is a big problem because the District Council is not working.
The raid was conducted by the Assam Rifle and the Customs Department of Champhai District.
The injured were taken to Guwahati and others were sent to Barpetta. The injured were taken to Guwahati and others were sent to Barpetta. .
The use of technology and research is also an inescapable aspect in such activities.
Shillong, July 16: The IL&FS under the support of the Ministry of Tourism of the Government of Meghalaya is implementing a 100 Percent Free Placement Linked Skill Development Training Program for young men and women as well as those who are not yet in need.
The union has requested the Chief Superintendent of Police to immediately remove the BSF troops who have set up check posts at Sonapyrdi Bridge, Dona Umbluh Village and Ratacherra.
The Meghalaya and Assam governments have already spoken to Home Minister Amit Shah to send an inquiry to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI).
However, the state government has not fulfilled its promises.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today confirmed four deaths from COVID-19 positive in East Khasi Hills District. The number of cases has risen to
Ericton Donbok Swer was confirmed as President, Joseph Pyngrope and Pynshai Mawrie as General Secretary.
Martin M Dangga will contest the MLA elections to the Legislative Assembly from the party on 27/2 /2023.
In addition, there are also two-wheeler drivers under the age of 18 who drive lymmuh and shongshit without thinking about the safety of four-wheeler drivers or two-wheeler drivers who drive without thinking. .
Their spirit, love and thoughts speak of India with pride for its ancient roots and a bright future as a strong democracy in the world.
Commander Shangpliang said that he has strong hope that the party will take action on the issues of the people of the state and he will advise the party to take action on those issues. many issues affecting the state especially to develop agriculture to create employment opportunities through tourism and various trainings and others for the youth and the welfare of the people of the state hi all.
Those who mislead the people that it has nothing to do with human life, that is, they have lost their conscience.
He suggested that the EC should not take any measures to prevent and not allow these foreigners to do so especially the market is under the jurisdiction of KHADC how can these foreigners be allowed to do so. “It's a good idea to insult our Khasi especially the farmers who have come from different places to sell their products in the market but they have to pay taxes,” said Bah Banteidor.
Three speakers will be appointed in support of the MoU and three in opposition and each speaker will be given 15 minutes.
According to the family members of the child, a man who lives nearby has raped the child. and thou shalt not tell them at home.
The Workers Power Seng believes that it is time for the casual, contractual and so on workers to be recognized and given the same rights as the regular workers.
The cleanliness drive is one of the activities that the Lum Jingthang Committee conducts once a year, involving the members of the Seiñ Raij Shillong.
“We have also suggested that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare should set up a Toll Free Helpline Number in accordance with Section 38 of the National Medical Commission Registered Medical Practitioner (Professional Conduct) Regulation “It will make it easier for the public to complain to the State Medical Council or the Ethics and Medical Registration Board regarding the insults of patients or public in hospitals from time to time,” he said.
When the police received this information, they sent police to search the area. While they were leaving, the militants opened fire on the police and the police responded.
Furthermore, the CIB & RC has approved Ethephon 39% SL for the production of soybeans and other insecticides.
Every year, nine million people die from eating/smoking.
HANM requests the Rangbah Shnongs of 40 villages to take action against the exploiters of the fish by polluting the water which can cause health hazards if The residents of the area who use the water or eat fish from this river and if found should be punished according to the rules of the village.
The Defense Minister firmly believes that as peace and courage are the foundation of the CAPF, they will also accept peace as their foundation.
Prof. Dr. Abhichal Chattopadhya said that rejuvenative treatment prolongs life.
He said that he will fight as much as he can to get a new road because if you repair it for a while it can collapse again. Widerstune Thongni, Publicity Officer of the KSU Photjaud Rangthong Unit, said that the construction of the road will start in July.
L Marngar General Secretary of the union told SP News Agency that the union has taken this decision to demand from the government that all SSA teachers in LP schools and UP schools should be included. the fourth teacher shall receive the same salary.
The competition will start on the 10th of November and end on the 7th of April this year.
Shillong, July 28: With the aim of promoting cleanliness at the Swachh Bharat Mission's (Swachh Bharat Mission) to make Shillong free from garbage, the PMU Team of Swachh Bharat Mission Urban Meghalaya (PMU) in collaboration with The Shillong Municipal Board has held a meeting to discuss the issue of cleanliness.
It is learned that the district authorities of SWKH District have now arrested the leaders of the KSU to accuse them of committing crimes in which the KSU has nothing to do. The KSU will not allow this incitement.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 58 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in the state. There are 10 positive cases in all districts.
Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of PWD in charge of Housing and Construction, said that Shillong Polytechnic has been selected as one of the line education institutions. that now according to their ability there is no one to help them from outside.
He also expressed his gratitude to the Ministry of DoNER for allocating Rs 12.5 crore for the construction of the Municipal Market which will benefit the residents especially the youth in terms of economy. get you to get jam.
This shows the power and violence of the MLA by hurting the voice of many constituencies. In fact, as party workers, they expect him to fight and discuss issues that have affected them. The ILP which is the top issue of the party and the metor issue which falls within the boundary of the constituency he leads but he has deceived the party.
Furthermore, existing regulations, safeguards, veterinary services, training and qualifications are being scrutinized by local experts.
The time has come for the state government to introduce a cost effective policy in the field of education and other policies for the development of the state as a whole, he said. that he was sworn in as the new president of the student body.
She has retired from her post at the PWD Department in Lower Lachumiere, Shillong.
After the victory of the Olympics and Paralympics in Tokyo, Thakur will get information from the states and UTs on the steps ahead and how they can contribute to the goal of making India a sports-oriented country.
Another is the Meghalaya Court Fees stamp. The purpose of this change is to allow people to pay online for court fees.
Shillong, Lber 16: BSF troops and police have seized a truck number ML-05-G-7676 from Kurikhal near Ichamati. 77 cartons of English rice intended for export to Bangladesh.
In another place, Muthlong in West Jaintia Hills District, unidentified persons tried to set fire to the office of the Veterinary Department, which is a veterinary clinic.
Many policemen have also lost their lives in the fight against crime and to maintain peace.
“We have four days to decide whether to contest the MDC election or not. If I have to contest the MDC election, I will contest the MDC election. now I will fight as an independent candidate".
“This social agreement between the government and NTPC in 2007 is the government in which the MLA who brought this motion is also involved.
On the other hand, the General Secretary of the Union, Bah Aristotle L Mawphlang, submitted a petition to the CEM and informed the CEM of the need for the Clan Bill which has been passed by the KHADC. Members of the synjuk also discussed the issue.
It is because of the GST Council that the Central Government and the State Governments have supported each other to fight against this problem and also to improve our income.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with the Minister of Home Affairs, KSU President Bah Daniel Khynriem said that the KSU has demanded that the construction of the road should be stopped. There is no UIN in the state as this will lead to the influx of foreigners.
The second day, 28th March, 2022 will be for the public and there will also be various competitions such as Quiz Competition, Extempore Speech Competition, Extempore Speech Competition and prizes will be awarded to the winners of the competitions.
This will not be a problem as the government is strong with the support of two NCP MLAs and eight shipment members.
The robbers stole a laptop, burnt two vehicles of the office and the injured were taken to Mawkyrwat CHC for treatment.
KSU West Jaintia Hills Secretary Hababiangki Biam in an interview with the media said, “Please go back to teach, when you get a job do it well, not just I don't eat money.
Police are investigating the incident.
Shillong, July 03: An emergency meeting was held between the Border Security Force (BSF) and the Border Guard of Bangladesh at the Umngot River in Dawki today. the entire population of Dawki.
The closure of factories in the area started in 2005 and has continued till now and the closure of factories in the government area has increased over the years.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board and MLA of the area, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said that the students are the future of the society and therefore they should work hard to compete with students from other parts of the world.
The BSF said that this type of alcoholic beverage is prohibited in Bangladesh.
What have the TMC and BJP contributed to Meghalaya?
SBI Chief Executive Officer G Bijoy Kunar said that the problem is that many times after the schemes have been suspended, there are young people who do not want to take them and the inability of the banks to suspend them is the reason. because the schemes are sufficient.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: U Minister of State for Agriculture, Bah HDR Lyngdoh today inaugurated the Livestock Development Center (LDC) at Krang village in East Khasi Hills District.
In a letter sent to Bah Paul Lyngdoh, the nine organizations from Ri Bhoi District, which have branches in Ri Bhoi District, demanded that the closing date of the Cherry Blossom Festival should be changed. 19November 2023 is the day of God.
Furthermore, the MHIS Officers explained the registration process under MHIS-III, which has started from 1st July 2017, and expressed their gratitude to Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MSPB. He convened the meeting to explain the benefits of the Smart Card – MHIS, and urged the Rangbah Shnongs, Longkmie, Samla of Pomlakrai area to take this opportunity to register all. households as part of accessing preventive measures.
Shillong, Lber 08: Replying to a question in the House on the zero hours notice brought by Bah Mayralborn Syiem, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma, said that the government has It has taken action on the demand for ILP with the Central Government.
Shillong, Nailar 04: The Central Government has announced to give Telegana State to the Congress Government in encouraging other ethnic groups who have fought for their own state like the Nelapi ethnic group to demand Gorkha Land. West Bengal, Bodo, Karbi Anglong, Assam and Garo State in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Nailar 5: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that eight deaths from COVID-19 have been reported from East Khasi Hills, Ri Bhoi. The death toll has risen to 1,133 in West Garo Hills and 1 in West Khasi Hills.
There will be about 50 competitors of various categories, who will compete from the age of 19 to the age of 60 years.
It should be clarified first and brought into the House for discussion and when it is approved it should be accepted for the benefit of the people.
The office bearers of the party were confirmed by the President of the party, Bah Nikman N Shadap.
In a statement sent by the party today, it said that the police search for the party leaders is clear and the arrest of the party members is clear. he Central T Sangma and Gasuapara.
A team of Batesi TV who inspected the road found that the deterioration of the road has affected the traffic of vehicles and especially two wheelers.
Biren Singh said that the work will not end there but he will use the ILP Act to expel these poiei from Manipur.
On the other hand, the CEM said that the EC will consider how to deal with this Bill as it is necessary for the legal recognition of the kurs.
According to the list available with the SP News Agency, the inauguration of the SCIC was held at 11.30 pm at Raj Bhavan Dorbar Hasll today. .
The FKJGP North Khasi Hills District Unit strongly condemns the attempt of the Police Department to cover up the case and at the same time strongly condemns the unfounded allegation by Bah Prestone Tynsong, Dy.CM. They have not known the truth by accusing the Seng Bhalang of trying to mislead.
He also gave an example of KSU Delhi which is like a home away from home.
On the other hand, the DC promised to take action and asked for one day for scrutinies of all the documents which have doubts and immediately remove those who received the RCs by fraud and deceit.
On the other hand, the DC said that this rule had to be enforced because it was found that there were people acting as brokers in the coal mine and this is illegal.
He said the Ministry of Tribal Affairs wants to promote the development of the North East of India especially Meghalaya.
This shows what we have achieved so far, he added.
Lamare said that the Khliehriat C&RD Block has been relocated to Wapung and this has put the people of the area on the border of Bangladesh and Assam in trouble. you have to travel more than 100 km.
Because as it is now, the people cannot be deceived to reach the highest level in the world, this is the way of thinking in this democracy.
Police said that the ganja seized today was well stored and its value when increased according to the market price has reached T.3 lakh tyngka. Two persons suspected of being involved in the Ganja trafficking have been arrested.
Referring to Meghalaya, Dr H Bani, Special Invitee of the State Biodiversity Board of Meghalaya and Chief Executive Officer of the Khasi Medicine Association, said that the state government has not has not been taken seriously enough to promote this traditional medicine.
Three new cases have been reported from East Khasi Hills, bringing the total number of recoveries to
On this occasion, 100 girls and boys were awarded in nine sports. They were awarded certificates and cash prizes.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: According to estimates, houses affected by the earthquake on Saturday morning in Ranikor Block in South West Khasi Hills have been destroyed. 375 copies.
Conrad K Sangma sent his special congratulations to the Prime Minister of India on the selection of Meghalaya and the implementation of this will be in the form of a Public Private Partnership.
“If the government cannot do anything on this issue, as the party has done on other issues, it will not rest, it will fight until it wins so that the future of the children will be protected. On the other hand, Dhar said that he will take this memorandum to the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma to get this right. discuss at the Cabinet meeting to review the criteria.
I would like to appeal to you the people at this juncture to give way to Bah Shibun Lyngdoh, the candidate of the BJP. He is qualified in all aspects and who is qualified to be a leader in the Legislative Assembly in Delhi to advocate for the country and the nation.
As a group of women's organizations in 58 countries, the international community calls on the international community to support Tibet's independence from Chinese occupation. as it is now, they have become the lowest paid in the country.
At present, the preparation of security measures across the state is adequate and the people should not have any anxiety.
New Delhi, July 11: Prime Minister Narendra Modi inaugurated the first National Training Conclave at the International Exhibition and Convention Centre, Pragati Maidan, New Delhi.
The meeting also decided to set up a District Legal Service Authority to expedite the receipt of cases related to violence against women and to receive compensation for the violence against women. any woman who is in trouble.
The Dorbar Shnong Mawryngkneng on Thursday protested against the support of the MLA of Mawryngkneng Constituency, Bah HS Kharpran to set up a Police Checkpost on the National Highway which still falls within the boundary of Mawryngkneng Village.
The talks were promising and the Minister promised to take action to improve them and now there is room for talks”.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said that the training should instill faith in Jan Bhagidari among all Government employees.
The four constituencies announced today are 6-Khliehriat, 7-Amlarem, 37-Kharkutta, 39-Resubelpara Dr. Tweel K. Marak and 47-King of Carla R Marak.
In this meeting with Bah Prestone, the union understood clearly regarding the boundary which the union has been demanding since 2018. It was explained to them that all the villages within the District Council, because it is the land. and the forest within the sixth schedule of the Constitution of India since the enactment of the Sixth Schedule.
However, it should not affect the originality.
After the police removed the banners, the KSU under the leadership of General Secretary Donald V. Thabah went to Khyndai Lad and in front of the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills. Hills.
Police said the child was taken to the Civil Hospital for treatment. Police are conducting investigation to track down the perpetrators. bad.
This documentary will stir up thoughts because even the past we have to examine and analyze.
Dr. Andreas is survived by three children, Dr. Ibanylla Mylliemngap who is a Dentist, Dr. Wanbhanylla Mylliemngap who is MBBS and Iahunlang Mylliemngap who is still in the middle of her studies.
Because the police did not arrest the people involved in the petrol bomb blast at the puja pandal, they arrested Bah Eldie only because he was in the Umsning area.
He said the goal of the government led by Narendra Modi is to develop the North East in all aspects.
Shillong, July 03: Meghalaya has won the ODOP Awards 2023 organized by the Department of Industry and Internal Trade of Meghalaya. Central Government at Pragati Maidan, New Delhi.
The launch was attended by video conferencing.
Shillong, March 11: A company of CrPF police has arrived in Sohra to patrol the polling day of the mid-term elections, said Fredric Roy Kharkongor, Chief Election Officer (CEO) of Meghalaya. time has 26-Shell Constituency.
The SP of EJH District said that the district authorities are hoping to find the people who were allowed to enter the coal mine.
Chairing the meeting to discuss the preparations for the 100 days of the Earth Sciences Department, Dr Jitendra Singh said he is proud of the progress of the Deep Sea Mission and that India has is one of only a few countries to have achieved this feat.
However, even in the midst of this growth of the world of knowledge, the essence of any nation survives and stands strong if its members remember their stones which are the blood vessels of the nation.
The purpose of the tournament is to promote football in Meghalaya and by organizing such tournaments, youth from all districts will be able to take part.
Therefore, the States and UTs have been given the opportunity to amend this provision according to their circumstances.
And these people should get their own houses and any housing scheme that the government has should be given to them first.
The spirit of compassion in which the people living in the border areas and the states, who sometimes feel that they are treated like foreigners, are our brothers and sisters.
: Former Chief Minister Mukul Sangma on Tuesday moved a Point of Order against the inability of the Chief Minister and his Ministers to be present in the House for the discussion on the Budget.
Speaking at the Nohphai Sngi programme, Sohblei Richard Manbha Majaw said that the youth of the church are their strong spirit because the youth are their house of worship through the work they do to preach. the Word of God.
The JHTOA has called for a strike from 20th November 2021 until now after the dewbilat factories refused to implement the new price and the cement plant in the state.
Speaking to media after the dorbar, he said that he has decided not to join political parties and will not contest elections anymore. The office bearers of this group shall not hold meetings.
However, this person is different from others because she is a person who has a spirit of compassion and helps equally to those who are suffering.
Jowai, Naiwieng 21: The KSU Myntriang Unit has strongly opposed the misuse of powers by Bah Wolding Lamurong, Rangbah Shnong of Myntriang, and at the same time as Secretary of the VEC of Myntriang. The KSU has alleged that the NGREGS, on 19/11/2013, inside the village without the consent and knowledge of the residents through the Dorbar, has alleged.
Regarding the Boundary Issue, it should be from the Foundation of Six Scheduled, which is from the implementation of the Constitution of India on 26th July 1950 and the Constituent Assembly. sure that the boundary should be taken and well established.
JSU General Secretary Samla Emperor Bareh concluded the statement.
Shillong, Lber 10: In connection with the bomb blast in Punjabi Lane in Themiew Mawlong on Saturday night, an Improvised Explosive Device (IED) bomb was detonated in a tin-covered area. The Syndicate Bus stop was empty.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 22: The Meghalaya Pradesh Women's Congress (MWC) has marked the 22nd death anniversary of Rajiv Gandhi on the 21st of this month at Khliehriat East Jaintia Hills District.
On the first day, 40 members of the party attended the protest and it was said that tomorrow morning they will continue to participate in the protest. They urged the government not to take them back to the job they have been working for many years.
In North Korea, the Bible is considered a symbol of Western culture and traditions and is therefore banned from being used because it will convert the people.
The Congress MP from Shillong said that the amended Sixth Schedule Bill will be introduced in the Rajya Sabha in
These Maxi Cab drivers have expressed their strong opposition to the decision of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) which has banned the passengers from boarding these Maxi Cabs. halfway in front of the Office of the Deputy Commissioner.
George B Lyngdoh MLA of AITC strongly condemned the bomb blast at Police Bazar and said that this is an incident to disrupt the peace and order in the state.
The NHAA will operate 24 hours a day on the toll-free number 14566 across the country.
The foundation was built of stones and not of a strong foundation even though it was known that the soil was red soil.
On this occasion, KSU Shillong Mihngi Circle donated laptops and computers to the school under the leadership of Finance Secretary Samla Khrawbor Kharkongor and Education Secretary Samla Jeremaiah Pohthmi. dhkot of the party.
The three candidates are Tony Marbaniang from 17-Shillong North, Banrilang Jungai from 2-Jowai and Donlang Nongbri from Mawlai.
Through Bah Kitborlang Nongrem, the Ranikor Civil Sub Division Demand Committee has awarded a gold medal to Bah Prestone Tynsong.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Hek said the government will investigate whether the branch manager has violated the rules and regulations laid down by the government. I will file a complaint against this person.
Mawsor said the land for the Civil Sub Division offices was purchased by the government during the tenure of MLA Maysalin War.
On the other hand, the principal of the school, Miss Grefelyne Kharsyntiew, urged the MLA to provide a colorful road to the village as at present the area is not allowed. I've been shisha for many years.
“We are ready to help and support but we cannot take the responsibility of paying salaries.
Not only that, these robbers also tried to kidnap a child under the age of 6 years old by trying to put him in a Kali ML05 G
The meeting was conducted by Samla Marbud Dkhar who is the Chief Organizer of the Seng.
The Minister of State in charge of Social Welfare has taken note of this suggestion of the union and has directed the authorities to find a suitable place to set up such a shlem in the area. , concluded the statement.
About 200,000 French people are insured, he said.
While industries benefit from the more efficient pricing, people benefit through a T.7-8 discount for PNG and CNG for public consumption.
The meeting was held at the office of the Syiem of Myllien Hima where the documents of ownership of the land by the Nongkhlaw Kur were handed over by the last of the Kur. to the Interim Chief of the Hima, Pa'im Ainam Manik Syiem in the presence of the chiefs of the Hima.
Shillong, March 18: Major Sakia, Shillong, has been taken to Sardar Police Station and sent to jail without any complaint. “It's true, the SP has allowed it, why, this is a disrespect to the authorities and a disrespect to others”.
This training will cover many areas of specialized training, such as owners of residential buildings, security, digital marketing, and how to achieve that. .
D but the sad thing is that these writings have only ended up inside the high schools and they don't have that impact on the society. society.
Shillong, November 03: The District Social Welfare Office of East Khasi Hills District today celebrated the Day of Persons with Disabilities at Mawkdok village. they shall rise in all directions.
Bah Aiban received the Sanad yesterday and it will come into force immediately from this date until further notice.
The MSOA has also decided to increase the prize money for the winner of the 21k run from Rs 1 lakh to Rs 2 lakh, while in other categories it will be increased from Rs 1 lakh to Rs 2 lakh. let me know later.
The Pastor recalled that the struggle to expel foreigners started in 1979 and this led to the establishment of the Foreign National Tribunal and the Anti-Infiltration Cell by the UMPDF. ) led by BB Lyngdoh.
NESO Spokesperson Dr. SammuJAL Bhattacharya said that all this is due to the stinginess of the central government and the lack of respect for the people of the North East.
He said that the government has done its part in accordance with the rules laid down in the Lokayukta Act. The officers were involved in the removal of these officers but they were acted according to the rules and now they have been appointed by the people who are still working with the government.
Those who earn from this Riewhadem burning industry are not only women, but even the elderly have taken up this industry and it is one of the ways to earn a living from this Riewhadem burning industry.
The Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare should take responsibility to implement the government's promises to set up a blood bank to provide services to the people of Jaintia Hills as promised. However, it is on this basis that the government has not kept the words that have been spoken in front of the people, until The JYF has unanimously supported the JSU on the 12 hour curfew called by the JSU. which will start from 5 pm and end at 5 pm on 12th-June-2
Shillong, November 12: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) on Tuesday confirmed 17 new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Naitung 01: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today met with the Deputy Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem to express their opposition to the proposal to sell the land. 400 acres of BSF troops in the area.
Assam police arrested him from his residence and took him to Punbazar police station.
He said that we should refrain from throwing bombs, spraying pesticides on the dohum fish but we should take care and protect the dohum fish and the environment as God has entrusted to the people of this state.
In talks with school children and youths on the routes, the bike group was to explain the role of the Border Security Force as the largest national security force in the world.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: U Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui today convened a meeting of Rangbah Shnongs of Shillong to seek their cooperation in maintaining peace and order in Shillong. in the city of Shillong.
These glasses are made of materials like acetate, Tr 90's clean color and silver good for men and women, the price of these glasses is between 995tyngka to 1995tyngka there are also singles bad vision bifocal.
According to a statement from the CSWO, the girl left her mother's house at about 9 pm after eating, as her residence was also log The CSWO said that the robbers had kidnapped her by setting her throat and took her to the residence of Rimon Surong. It is learned that on the day of the incident, the child fled the house because Rimon was asleep. At the same time, the family members searched for him. They were able to steal her clothes but when she reached the house, the young girl found their bodies and after she got to know someone, she told the family members what had happened. year.
Shillong, Naitung 30: According to the figures released by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 10,74,785 people have been vaccinated in the state so far.
District Sports Officer, Tura was elected as an Ex-Official Member.
Speaking to reporters, u Bah Tynsong said that after many people have tested positive, those houses have been declared as restricted areas to ensure the safety of the government. It has taken this decision to deliver food items to the homes as it did last year.
The North East Food Shaw is a place to meet sellers and buyers of the products produced by the farmers.
Ardent said that in more than 10 months of preparation for the elections, the VPP has won four seats. part against the money power where the billionaires who fought the VPP failed.
The President of the Voice of the People (VPP) Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit has agreed to take part in the meeting convened by the State Government to discuss the Reservation Policy after the Government has revised the Reservation Policy. Committee to discuss the Reservation Roster System and the Reservation Policy.
The union, which conducted an inspection on 13th June, 2023, found that the shops selling tea and food to check the cleanliness of the morning, found that the shops used to cook with Domestic LPG Cylinder. long against according to the law.
The incident happened on Saturday morning 13/08/2022 and the body of the driver of the truck was found near Krem Mawjymbuin. on Monday the 15th.
On Tuesday, police arrested Cleenstar Shabong from Nongthymmai Pohktieh, Lane-5, Shillong.
KSU NEHU UNIT General Secretary Richest Malngiang said in a statement sent today.
The Government has gone to repair this road properly, there is no roller, there is only a JCB and 4 or 5 workers.
Although the government has arrested all the fighters for the ILP, the decision of the United Nations has the right to decide for itself.
The meeting was chaired by the Parliamentary Secretary to the State Government, C.Ymbon, MLA of the constituency.
Promotion of research and innovation: Specialized centers such as Dr APJ Abdul Kalam, Center for Policy Research and Analysis (CeDNER) promote research at this institution which encourages teachers and are trained to participate in research, innovation and entrepreneurship projects in the North East.
J Kharpuri SDO Amlarem, congratulated the students who came to take part in this cleanliness and tree planting and especially the teachers as well to make this place green.
Shillong, Nailar, 08: Members of the Central Executive Council of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today took oath to become full office bearers of the party. The swearing-in ceremony was held at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall Mawkhar. The ceremony was conducted by SS Majaw who was also the chief guest.
At the same time, it wrote that the government should reintroduce the scheme for employees to retire as it did in 2017. for those employees who want to retire.
In a complaint signed by the Election Agent of the VPPP, Bah Danny Langstieh, who is also the Finance Secretary, he said that there are video clips or video interviews released in the media. News Video Interview entitled “Election should not cause religious differences” and in the comment on this Youtube Channel is in the name of @jsyiemliehmaduh413 who said, `Ha u prah me phadar" and in another reply by someone named @FahvasFahva-me7yk who said, "I don't know.
This training was conducted to encourage, empower and provide many opportunities through the government and other agencies for the benefit of the youth in the future.
Dr Mukul wants the central government to start the railway line.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: Mawryngkeng Police Station today on receipt of a tip conducted a search operation and arrested one person.
IIM Shillong will lead initiatives to improve quality, develop research capacity, promote research and strengthen the relationship between scholars and those working in these fields.
On the other hand, Dr Mukul Sangma will submit the nominations to the Governor tomorrow morning to request him not to appoint the MLAs as ministers in his government.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister wants the people to know about the many schemes that are not included in the Integrated Basin Development and Livelihood Program (IBDLP).
The Government understands that the hospitals of the Missions should be strengthened by providing them with modern equipment.
The final will be played on Tuesday while the men's medal will be played between Nagaland and Manipur at 9 pm while the women's medal will be played between Nagaland and Manipur at 9 pm. Sikkim and Mizraram will meet at 4.30 pm.
Shillong, November 18: The Khasi people today commemorated the 80th birth anniversary of the poet Soso Tham. State Central Library Shillong.
In another incident, Banani Sharma, a resident of Mawprem, Shillong, has lodged a complaint with the police that on Friday night, someone called her from her mobile number (No. this person who called her said rude things to her.
Bah Lamin in his speech praised the club for being a club which has brought fame to the area from time to time and for the opening of this club. He congratulated the club for being able to produce stars who will bring glory to the area through the students of the Music School.
Another police station is located in Block 1 Area of ​​Khanduli Sector.
The Seng also honored the students of Nongnah and one student from Keniong who have brought glory to the village and the district as a whole in their participation in the sports grounds and other competitive platforms.
Speaking at the rally held near the MBOSE office, NESO Chairman Samuel Jyrwa said that if the They said that Meghalaya has the Sixth Scheduled State how can foreigners enter freely.
In the afternoon, a drawing and slogan writing competition was held among the students of Sohra.
This decision was taken in response to the Government's lack of attention to our basic demands.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The Shillong Bar Association building behind the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has collapsed at around 10.30 pm this morning. it was about 10.30 o'clock in the morning.
In the afternoon, the procession started at 1.30 pm, in which the cold people who could walk took part in the march around Laitumkhrah, where the faithful offered prayers while the walk in righteousness.
He also visited the houses affected by the landslides caused by the heavy rainfall and the areas affected by natural forces such as human houses, roads and do what is necessary on your part as a leader.
It also allows you to block SIM cards, mobile phones and accounts used by these fraudsters.
During the meeting, the Union Minister of State for Child Development spoke on the development projects which the State Government has started to implement in the State and the schemes of the Union Government which have been implemented in this regard. state of Meghalaya.
The Government firmly believes that whatever decisions are taken are for the benefit of the country.
On this occasion, the office bearers of the youth branch of the party from all over the Khasi Hills to take part in the protest along with placards with the slogans There were nearly 100 people who attended the protest.
The Minister also inaugurated the State Institute of Hotel Management in Anandnagar and the Agartala Government Dental College.
Out of the 40 seats in Bihar, the NDA's Rashtriya Lok Morcha ally led by Upendra Kushwaha was defeated in the Karakat seat, while Hindustani Awam Morcha (Secular) leader Jitan Ram Manjhi was defeated in the Karakat seat. In the Lok Sabha elections in Bihar, the Janata Dal (United) won 12 seats and the BJP won 12 seats. 12 seats, Janshakti Party (Ram Vilas) won 5, Rashtriya Janata Dal won 4 seats, Congress 3 seats, Communist Party of India (Marxist-Leninist) (Liberation) 2 seats, Hindustani Awam Morcha ( Secular) 1 seat and Independent 1 seat.
Shillong, Lber 02: The Parliamentary Party (PP) of the United Democratic Party (UDP) today discussed the speech of the CEM leading the People's Democratic Forum (PDF) Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah Teinwell Dkhar, Leader of the UDP in KHADC, said that the UDP will order its MDCs to leave the PDF. “I as a leader am sorry to see such writings and if it was for me personally I would have rejected it today, but because it is the party's responsibility we have to listen to the voice of many churches”.
This initiative was aimed at ensuring 100% presence of SNGs in schools serving PM POSHAN Meals erstwhile Mid-Day Meal in the State.
There are three students who have received this award. The distribution of this award by the organization to the students is to encourage the students to continue to do well in their higher studies.
In this regard, the party will continue to monitor and meet with various government ministers.
The meeting was conducted by the Organizing Secretary of Lamare Youth Association.
The program was attended by the Assistant Secretary, Shri. , Umkiang VDPs and President Secretary of Umkiang Youth Association, Therefore, the Dorbar Shnong Umkiang, wishes the Local MLA, a speedy and strong so that he can serve the constituency.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has confirmed that 553 people have recovered from the disease today, bringing the total number of recoveries in the state to 21542 so far.
The guests who attended the ceremony were the Chief Guest Robert June Kharjahrin, the Chief Secretary Rhembor Saiborn, the Chief Secretary of the HYC, the Village Headmen led by Peter Anton Umwi and Joplang Kharnaior. , Chairman of the HYC, Nongthliew; who spoke strongly on that day to support the intention to build a monument to the heroes of the nation.
This was achieved in 2018 and since then the NECDC has worked hard to promote cricket in the region.
There are 50,953 electors in Mawlai constituency.
In my meetings with students and institutional authorities across India, I have urged students to spend a few days- be it four or five days a year in the village ( village).
In April this year, the Meghalaya Police were stoned and shot with bird's nest at the same place.
Meghalaya has shown a pre-devolution deficit of T.62,870 crore for the FC-XV. They also discussed the holding of the 39th National Games in Meghalaya in 2022 to celebrate the Golden Jubilee of Meghalaya.
Wahlang said that the opportunity to run abroad with the support of the Meghalaya Runner's Association has given him more strength to improve his skills in the field of running. , he said that he has been able to build a house for his children by running.
According to sources close to the GPO Shillong, an FIR has been lodged with the police regarding the insufficient accounting of the money. The amount of money that has not been included in the accounts has reached T.40 lakh.
New Delhi, Jymmang 28: The Cabinet of Ministers of the Union Government today approved the proposal to pay the Dearness Allowance (DA) to the employees of the Union Government and the Dearness Relief (DR) to those who have been employed. They will receive this amount after payment of their salary for the month of October, this payment will be 10 percent.
He also urged everyone to start small so that we can reach our goal.
KSU Shillong Mihngi Circle President Sonstar Nongkhlaw and other members of the units and circles were also present.
: A group of BJP leaders, including the President of the Mahila Morcha from Meghalaya, Sikkim, Nagaland and other North Eastern States, visited Kong Silbi Passah who has been elected to receive the President of the Mahila Morcha. He was also awarded the Padma Shree.
Through the films shown on this day, it was seen that tens of thousands of people came to Garrison Square to witness this day.
On the part of Samla Shatbor K.Turnia, Education Secretary, KSU Ranikor Circle, it would like to express its special congratulations to Amyca Marwein for her successful passing. However, they feel that it is a great honor for the Ranikor area which is still one of the most backward areas especially in terms of education and we believe that it is a great honor for the country and the nation.
The Director said that 152 people have recovered from COVID-19 in the state today.
The arrival of Bah Ainam Manik Syiem as the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima after the KHADC removed Pa,im Rick Nelson Syiem as the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima and appointed him as the Acting Syiem. Ainam to look after the Hima because the full Syiem of the Hima, Pa,im Lathoh Manik Syiem, is in the midst of suffering.
It will also be the first time that Bah Vincent H. Pala will contest for re-election as MP from Shillong Seat after serving three terms since
The first Ayurvedic College was founded in 1948 in Guwahati by Bharat Ratna LokPriya Gopinath Bordoloi.
But he was not sad because he was satisfied that the battle was won.
The Syiem of Mylliem Hima visited the site to understand the condition of the site before the inspection by the state government and the District Council.
On this occasion, the KSU leaders together with the NEHUSU leaders also waited at the office of the Controller Examination to meet him to discuss the results of the students.
Details of this event can be obtained from the KSU office at Jaiaw Chapel Road, Shillong.
In the petition, the Chief Minister also requested for special assistance for the construction of the Legislative Assembly as Meghalaya does not have a Legislative Assembly after the collapse of the Legislative Assembly. rim.
On the other hand, the KSU strongly condemns the violence of the army in blocking the gate to enter Mawshbuit.
On Saturday morning, a warehouse of Magic Cook at Garikhana caught fire and destroyed the entire warehouse.
“I have already told them (Congress leaders) to invite Dr Mukul Sangma to come (return to the Congress) and I am ready to resign from the post of President of the party. Mukul himself says that the Congress party has declined and it is useless to leave the opposition party to the opposition party. “It's not like I'm going to get the power,” said Bah Pala.
The writer is not Buam in his speech; He wrote this book in the Pnar language using the new alphabet developed by R.Q.Sumer.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) candidate Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon on Tuesday denied that the party is against the Hindi language.
The Central Government has already allocated T.250 crore with the State Government for the land acquisition.
He said that in the eastern parts of Asia there is discrimination between the poor and the rich. and often the poor do not dare to say because they do not have the power to do anything.
At the meeting held on Thursday, it was found that there is a problem inside the Power House which does not have a mobile signal. VHF Sets between the power plant and the dam water supply station.
These robbers have phoned and asked for ATM card numbers and account numbers of people.
The mula are the products that originated in the Khasi Hills, unlike other imported products.
Shillong, Lber 05: The President of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) Banteidor Lyngdoh MLA and Gavin M Mylliem MLA today handed over a letter to the National People's Party (NPP) Leader Conrad K Sangma to express their support to the party. NPP to form a new government.
Friends, in view of all the suggestions, we have decided to continue the curfew until the 3rd of January.
Shillong, July 25: The MSSASA has rejected the results of the Diploma in Elementary Education (D.El.
“At that time, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit didn't come and they didn't thnum, they didn't ask why he didn't come to join hands in their thgnan. “If he speaks as the president of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People, he will say how we didn't invite him and he didn't invite us,” said Bah Paul.
The visitors were thus poised on 54/3 when Kishan and Jaskirat Singh Sacheva came together at the crease.
His resignation will not affect the government in the dorbar tlang which will start on Tuesday led by Dr Mukul Sangma.
Because as in the District Council, the decision of the village is in the hands of the MDCs because there is no party law like the MLAs.
The Minister of State for Child Development distributed the appointment letters to the newly appointed candidates after the speech of the Prime Minister. The Rozgar Mela was held in Shillong today.
“We have a responsibility to provide sports activities that are adequate, comprehensive and flexible according to the needs of the times.
He said that the people of the North East know India but the people of the North East do not know anything about this region.
Regarding the school holidays, Prestone said the Government has left it to the discretion of the Deputy Commissioners to consult with the Sub-Divisional School Education Officers (SDSEOs).
President of HANM Pynursla has asked what the police station in Pynursla has done to these people, whether this has affected the increase in the price of food items in the state and also in the region. only the watermen of no re of no.
The Government of Meghalaya wants to achieve this target as set.
