From the beautiful Blue Mountains in the west to the dense forests, Mizoram has tourist attractions that attract tourists from all over the world.
“In accordance with the right granted under Article 19 (1) A you shall not insult or insult until others feel that their hard work to bring about good and peace will be in vain. ," he said.
Former Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma said that all the MLAs have been present and all that remains is for them to sign the letter of support. The names have already been sent to the Governor.
“When they left, we understood that they wanted to turn to the Secretariat to throw the placards.
Wanshuwa today met with the Secretary in charge of Forest Department Dr Manjunatha and during the meeting the officer was very pleased to receive such comments from the people.
In other districts, 31 cases have been confirmed in Ri Bhoi, 2 cases in North Garo Hills and 15 cases in East Garo Hills. .
According to the rules, the fourth test will be held on the 11th of this month.
The Sordar of Nongdom village, said that on receiving information about the incident, the government authorities immediately rushed to the morgue in Nongdom village to test the water and take samples of the food. to conduct a thorough test to find out the cause of the illness of the mourners at the funeral home.
Rudy was also the in charge of the KSU North Khasi Hills District Unit.
CCTV cameras have been installed around the Rastrapati Bhavan to ensure tight security and vehicles have been banned from entering the area around the President's residence where the Prime Minister will be sworn in. duh of India.
The Scheme aims to create self-employment opportunities through the establishment of micro enterprises not related to the farm sector by assisting handicraft makers and unemployed youth in rural areas and as well as in urban areas.
The Government has strengthened security on the border with Bangladesh, as well as on the border with Assam. I don't want to enter the country during this time.
The order was issued by the Chief Minister today on the question of what the government has done to those who are under quarantine at home and have left the country without following the rules and regulations. government.
In that year, the youth of the village came out to take part in the Movement and it was successful when the mynder who had invaded the village had to leave.
It is clear that the Governor of KHADC initially did not listen to the decision of the government and it became clear that the CEM of KHADC was elected and the Governor gave his approval. Similarly, regarding the appointment of EMs, the Governor or the Government cannot do anything but must follow the rules.
The former Director General of Prisons has written his first letter to the government on 15/03/2013 to the Principal. Home Secretary and Chief Secretary of the State of Meghalaya.
Regarding the CBNAAT test for the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma today, the result was negative. health.
He said the newly elected working group of the party will meet next month to discuss the protests to force the government to implement the ILP in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: U Minister of State for Electricity, Abu Taher Mondal on Thursday inspected the construction of the Umiam Dam in the presence of Sanjay Goyal. The Managing Director of MeECL was also present along with other officials of the Corporation.
He said that since the installation of the gates at the entry points, up to 17,000 people have been tested and the rules are clear that people entering the state have to undergo the test and have to stay for 10 days. Those who are positive for the antigen have to be tested by RTPCR test.
On the other hand, the civil society has written to him since June this year to talk but he has not called for that talk yet.
The Eucharistic Procession ended with the blessing of the Apostolic Nuncio to the people of God with the Holy Eucharist before the end of the celebration of the Blessed Sacrament of the Altar.
Dr. Lajja Ram Bishnoi, DGP Meghalaya Police, in his short speech at the meeting at Mawpat before the flag raising ceremony, said that the march was part of the 'Azadi ka Amrit Mohatsav', an initiative of the Central Government to celebrate the 75th Anniversary of India's Independence, is a heritage story of the victory of the country.
The attendance of the members of the House was 100%.
After a thorough discussion, the Chief Executive Members heard an explanation from Bah John F Kharshiing on the talks with the MITCRM (SNSKBH), KSU, FKJGP, HNYF, AJYWO, JYF, SAMOLA, FKS, GCCM, and others) and the Chief Executive Members urged that their position is that the Government of India should clearly explain the nature of the Dorbar Kur, Shnong, Raid and Hima. The Constitution of India.
Dr Singh said the region will lead the way in India's economic growth at a time when the world is looking for ways to strengthen the economy after the COVID-19 pandemic. He said that the region will attract those who do business in India after the pandemic and that the siej will be the source of these income-related activities.
Therefore, the union urges the office to take action by investigating the reason for the non-delivery of electricity bills to Mynska village and also this fraud.
Shillong, Naitung 09: The Divisional Forest Officer of West Khasi Hills District Nongstoin has not yet received the mining lease despite the fact that some have already received the mining lease. to install their applications.
The HYC alleged that this shows the lack of COVID check points of the government at Byrnihat and Mawiong view points.
WHO has developed measures and methodologies to estimate the health benefits of improving water quality, sanitation and hygiene, especially in the reduction of diarrheal diseases and other areas related to health.
This will be done by the Water Resources Department of the State Government and Piezo Meters will not be installed in these areas.
Jirang National People’s Party SOSTHENES SOHTUN (WINNER), 11.
He said that the advantage of Paytm is that people don't have to have expensive mobile phones.
After the announcement of the results, there were some concerns expressed about the high cut-off scores, compensatory marks and some students who got full scores (720/720).
New Delhi, Jymmang 09: The President of India, Droupadi Murmu has awarded two Padma Vibhushans, nine Padma Bhushans and 56 Padma Shri awards for the year 2024 at the Civil Investment Ceremony. II was held at the Darbar Hall of Rashtrapati Bhawan today.
The party feels that it should send this statement to the state government to immediately convene a special session to discuss and resolve the shortcomings and to pass again a resolution without delay.
At the same time, other government departments have been demanded to do the same.
He directed that the following measures should be implemented to prevent the spread of COVID-19 and the States/UTs should immediately implement the following: Implementation of the Police Act, Disaster Management Act and other laws to impose fines those who break the rules.
They just sit in the middle of the city and hold out their hands to the report of the MSPCB and announce in the newspapers that it is coal acid.
Ritam Deep Choudhary of Sherwood Skill, Salrime M Sangma who came fourth and fourth from St. Xavier's School, Ronggrik B Sangma who came fourth from Aeroville School were also awarded.
Sampath Kumar, Principal Secretary, Government of Meghalaya, expressed his feelings by saying that the children themselves love to play and it is necessary for us to recognize and know them. the role of play in the development of children's holistic development.
Nongstoin Police Station has registered a case against the suspect and has taken him to the hospital for further examination. as a result of a stabbing, according to a police report.
The Meghalaya Aids Control Society has worked hard as much as possible in collaboration with other organizations to spread the word about the threat of this disease and to avoid selfishness.
He added that the low powered non-ionizing radiation emitted by mobile towers does not harm humans or animals.
This will gradually help reduce the amount of air pollution in cities or urban areas.
During these 15 days, BSF troops have seized 1348 cows from the border with Bangladesh and the value of these cows has reached T,2,20,27,400/- tyngka.
This was stated by Bah Joh F Kharshiing in a statement.
Sometimes it also brings great sorrow just because of the border.
In Manipur, 111 km of Jribam-Imphal railway line will be completed by 2022, in Mizoram, 51 km of Bhaiabi-Sairang railway will be completed by 2023, and in Nagaland, 82 km of Dimapur-Kohima railway line will be completed by in the year
The Principal Secretary to the Meghalaya Agriculture Department, GHP Raju, said that although there is no ban on meat slaughter in Meghalaya, animals are allowed to be imported from Assam for agriculture, breeding and This is the reason why the word ot doh is not used because there is no law in Meghalaya.
During the meeting, the shopkeepers explained the threat of COVID-19 which has affected the world, in collaboration with the government they explained that they should be careful so that this disease the plague shall not come upon the cities.
Here it fits well with the saying of the ancients that steal but it will be found because there is nothing left behind.
In fact, the party feels that as part of the independence, many laws should be passed to curb the illegal entry of foreigners which has affected the minorities from all over the country. ownership of land, khadar rule in the village, township and parliament, clean marriage, income and so on.
The program was conducted by Bah Robertjune K. Jahrin, President Governing Body of MPF.
Jowai, June 06: The Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has its own recruitment policy known as the Service Rules along with the Selection Board regarding the recruitment within the District Council.
It was known as the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation
“The Association has demanded that the BSF authorities should apologize and promise that such incidents will not happen again.
Meghalaya has received the National Startup Awards, 2022 as part of the celebration of the National Startup Day on Tuesday.
They were forced to work inside an Ayurveda clinic known as Susmay Arogya Clinic at Dilshad Garden, West Delhi even after they left the place where they worked.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The Budget Session of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) for the year 2017-2018 will start on the 20th of this month. information will end on the 23rd.
Money laundering, which is illegal in many parts of the country, threatens the money and lives of people, especially youth and children, the order said.
Shillong, Lber 05: The Kachin Independence Army (KIA) on Tuesday said that it cannot justify the grounds of identifying itself as a rebel group from Garo Hills just to get money.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Titosstarwel Chyne today sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma. this time is closed.
Shillong, Nailur 26: The Information Department of the Amlarem Civil Sub-Division has held a special consultation with the residents of Amlarem Civil Sub-Division.
“He urged the teachers and colleges to come forward to discuss this issue with the State Government.
It relates to the price which includes all the cost of labor due to the payment of wages, the cost of machinery, equipment, the cost of land, the cost of seeds, fertilizers, water supply charges, loss of produce and construction on farms.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: Meghalaya today won the title of winner in all categories at the 2nd North East Olympic Games
The four arrested were identified as Shambor Nongkling, Nishan Maring, Hero Nongrum, Formlistone Pariong and Klinbor Nongrum.
However, it is learned that Talbinus Dhar opposed the shopkeeper's request and there was a clash of hands and in this incident Talbinus Dhar sustained minor injuries but after this there was a crowd in the shopkeeper. in front of this shop.
Shillong, November 01: The United Democratic Party (UDP) today announced its candidates for the 2013 MLA elections to the Legislative Assembly.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District, Jagpal Singh Dhanoa, on Tuesday said that in 2021, 21 people have lost their lives in road accidents. there are currently eight deaths.
Shillong, March 02: Mallikarjun Kharge and Shashi Tharoor have been nominated for the post of President of the All India Congress Committee (AICC).
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister of Assam, Sarbananda Sonowal, said that there are three things that can bring about understanding among the people who have their own customs and traditions. He said that the Dwijing Festival is one of the most important.
Shillong, July 10: Thirteen civil society organizations in the state have said that they will start screening foreigners who come to Meghalaya at any time if the government delays in the implementation of Meghalaya. The Resident Safety and Security Act has been passed by the Legislative Assembly of the State.
That is why the BJP party understands that it is enough because they have understood the explanation of the government.
As the Hima has forbidden to give pata but has given permission to the people on the border and the permission to the quarries which the Hima has banned and as it is now the Syiem has given permission.
If the central government does not listen to this protest, the party will continue to protest to demand the implementation of the ILP in Meghalaya.
He said that the selection process for petrol pumps at this stage will be clean and transparent and the selection process will be based on the number of candidates. you are clean.
On this occasion, Sanbor recalled that he had discussed this with the party leaders.
Other speakers included Chief Secretary Y Tsering, DGP of Police Dr SB Singh and other government officials.
Furthermore, the KSU has already sent CEC leaders including Biangbor L Paliar (VP), Sonstar Nongkhlaw, Barikula Nongsiej, Iashan Mukhim, Shiningstar Kharbihkhiew and other members from the KSU. West Jaintia Hills and East Jaintia Hills to join hands with the residents of Mukroh.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, many of the farmers who came to take part in the exhibition expressed their disappointment in the field of soh niamtra. the cause of bias in the allocation of antibiotics on the part of the government.
The Meghalaya Education Commission on Tuesday sought the opinion of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) on the inclusion of sports in education for the benefit of children and students.
At present, the same policemen who have to do their daily work can no longer concentrate on the writing.
Shillong, November 18: The visitors of Sa-i-maka Park in Sohra have witnessed a different culture from Sohkynduh village in Sohra Hima.
Shillong, Nailar 16: There are 11 new cases of COVID-19 in East Jaintia Hills, 1 in East Khasi Hills, 1 in Ri Bhoi, 1 in South West Garo Hills and 1 in South West Garo Hills. South West Khasi Hills 1, West Garo Hills 3, West Jaitnia Hills 2 cases.
The injured two persons were in the vehicle when the vehicle overturned on the road in South Garo Hills District. .
The Chief Minister expressed his gratitude to Father Paul and Father Manuj for inviting him to this occasion.
On this occasion, he left for Jowai to meet with the Congress workers in the district.
On the other hand, the Chief Guest Rev HC Lamare expressed his gratitude and congratulated the KSU Barak Valley Circle for its initiative to hold such a program which will strengthen the relationship between the KSU Barak Valley Circle and the KSU Barak Valley Circle. I also urged the organization to be like a shepherd to go and find all the paradoh parasnam who live in this area so that it can be strong through At the same time, I urge them to be humble and helpful to others for the sake of their fellow citizens.
We understand that this area is a hub for drug trafficking and a hub for criminal activities that occur around or near this area.
Titostarwell Chyne, MDC of Sohra Constituency, who was removed from the post of Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday, has strongly criticized the MDCs of the National People's Party (NPP). The MDCs of the Indian National Congress said that the no confidence motion against him is just a power grab until they don't even respect their own foundation.
The expenditure of the Central Government for this purpose for the three years 2017-18, 2018-19 and 2020 will be T.5338.32 crore.
“Of course, I am not saying there is no concern, there are concerns but to solve these problems, war is not the way.
He said that these trainings have not been implemented in a higher manner.
He said that if you don't have a right, you don't have a Lynti.
However, as mentioned by the KHADC, it will not allow the mining of uranium in the areas within the boundary of the KHADC. The EC will write to the state government to send a letter. submit a report to the KHADC on the findings of the Expert Committee.
Police have received a tip that there are GNLA militants in the area who have made it their temporary residence and the police have left and when they started climbing the hill. the militants on the hillside wiped out the police to get away.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Khongngian said that since 2019, the notice has been received regarding the damage to houses in Mairang but until now there are still some households who have not received the notice. you are in Pynursla Block.
Earlier, the Leader of the Opposition, Bah Ronnie V.Lyngdoh, urged the Prime Minister to follow up with the Central Government on the awarding of INI status to NEIGRIHMS to address the shortage of doctors and the departure of doctors to other countries. other states.
MPCC Working President James Lyngdoh and MPCC General Secretary W. Kyndiah were also present on the occasion.
So far, the total amount of taxes that the people have not paid to the government has reached T.152.92 crore.
Regarding the NPR or Aadhaar, the union said that before implementing this scheme, the government should conduct public awareness programs in the villages to explain the scheme. the purpose of the NPR (Aadhaar).
He was taken to Robert Hospital for treatment.
“Therefore, the two district councils have decided to cooperate.
Referring to the opening ceremony of the Nursing College, the Chief Minister said that in the past 100 years, there have been only two nurses at the Dr H Gordon Roberts Hospital. It is a great honor to open the Nursing College today on the occasion of the 50th anniversary of the state.
East Jaintia Hills District is the area where most of the private vehicles operate illegally due to the fact that we don't have a DTO to look after the illegal operation of private vehicles without permits. John Pala Secretary of JYF-EJH said that the government has decided to increase the number of vehicles in the country. Through the Minister of Transport, they have worked hard to bring benefits for the convenience of the people of the District by bringing in this office so that many of the unemployed youth can enter. “There are many jobs in this office as well as in other departments of the government which will be opened soon,” said the Secretary.
What upset the concertgoers was that there was a stir in the sound system in which the music lovers became angry and threw bottles at the stage where there were songs.
Appreciating the efforts of the ASHA workers, Dr Pawar said about 7000 ASHA workers provide health services to the most difficult to reach areas of Meghalaya.
“We say clearly that the party has no objection to the development but if the State Government wants to build a railway line in East Jaintia Hills District, it should first enforce the laws against entry. MPUF President Dawanpoimi Laloo said in an interview with the media in Shillong.
Shillong, July 10: The news of idolatry (not to mention demon worship) has been appearing every day in our newspapers.
The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday strongly warned the Rangbah Shnong of Rynjah, formerly known as Refugee & Rehabilitation Colony, which is still within its jurisdiction. The District Council has issued a No Objection Certificate to non-Khasis residents of Rynjah to obtain Trading License and Labor License from the District Council office. Please obtain your Election Photo Identity Card from the Office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District.
The union has met with the Executive Engineer of the Public Works Department (PWD) North Jowai Division to demand the repair of the road in Nangbah village.
Mairang, Jymmang 21:, 2021: The Divisional Magistrate of Mairang Civil Sub-Division, Mairang in an order issued today has informed that after the testing of all the High Risk Contacts in Mairang Village, The Containment Order for Mission and Umthied Bynther Village has been lifted from today, 21st June,
Replying to a supplementary question by Zenith, the Chief Minister said that there has been no interference with the officers in the districts in their work and this visit is to understand better if they get with their own eyes.
On this day, there was a dance to showcase their customs and traditions according to the villages and places.
The Dorbar Syiem U Khyrim, invites you and all your members to attend the 13th and 14th November 2013 at Smit.
Shillong, March 15: Gujarat Health Minister Kishor Kanani today met with the Chief Minister of Gujarat. Cornad K Sangma at his office in Shillong.
After 20 years of negotiations and support, the agreement was adopted at the international level and ratified by more than 150 countries.
Shillong, Nailur 16: The Commissioner and Secretary of the Transport Department of Meghalaya today announced that the operation of odd and even number vehicles has been suspended in all districts of the state, except Shillong. .
She also recalled that she used the Khasi language in the Assembly because she did not agree that others should use languages ​​that they did not understand in the House.
The Ministry of Tourism through its overseas offices has participated in international travel exhibitions such as Arabian Travel Mart, Dubai and World Travel Market, London, leading a team of DMCs, tour operators. , hotel owners and others.
On the other hand, the CEM, JHADC said that his EC is ready to resolve these issues.
All the people of the country want India to be free from the slavery of the authorities.
After removing the nor rot from the body of the driver, the patient started breathing and is now being treated in the ICU. escaped the danger.
The party demands that they should not be arrested, because the party will not allow such things to happen.
One is the NH-51 to Tura and the other is the NH-62 to Williamnagar.
However, the Meghalaya government has fallen asleep and has not thought about the future of the state.
He said that under the PradhanMantri Jan Aushadhi Yojana, the number of Jan Aushadhi Centers has now increased to more than 10,000, with more than 2260 medicines and equipment.
According to information received, the cold weather has also affected the Mylliem Hills and parts of Pomlakrai, the worst affected area is Laitlyngkot.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today announced that the government has decided not to withhold the salaries of government employees for the month of June I'm going to July.
Speaking to reporters, the wife of Bah Marshall said that it was the women who helped to search for the body of Bah Marshall who first found the body. This old man used to cover the goods and the proh.
The union said that due to the lack of rainfall this year, MeECL has not been able to produce the electricity price as it should and this year the light outage has started earlier compared to and previous years and this also happens during the examination.
Members of SSSS, SWKHD, members of Village Youth Associations from neighboring villages and Scouts & Guides under the leadership of Samla Batkupar Khardewsaw, Scout Master of Maharam School Govt.
The Home Minister should remove the letter from Delhi saying that they do not want to talk about the IOA. The Khasi Hima has become its own country and India has no right to interfere or if it abolishes the Instrument of Accession & Annexed Agreement, it means that the Hima Khasi have become its own country. that all governments are tyrannies.
Instead of collecting detailed information from these families, the Gram Sevaks who have a shortage of staff in many C and RD blocks, have urged the VEC Secretaries to take their names. but many village Secretaries and VECs have failed to include the households who are entitled to receive the benefits to be included in the list, he added.
The parents of the deceased have buried their newborn child on the road in Bakur Khliehshnong, West Jaintia Hills District.
The calendar will also be distributed to health centres, Navodaya and Kendriya Vidyalayas, offices of BDOs and DMs in districts and Public Sector Undertakings and Autonomous Institutions.
The team will be appointed to look after another area which does not comply with the guidelines laid down by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the State Government to prevent the spread of the disease. the COVID-19 pandemic.
Dr. Vanora Nongrum, Medical Commissioner, ESI North India, KJCF, Meghalaya House, Lok Sabha MPs from the state and others.
COMSO will hold a meeting on 7.12.19 on this issue and on 9.12.2019 the North East Forum for Indigenous People will hold a meeting to discuss the same issue of CAB. COMSO requests you the elders of the community to give your opinion on this.
In connection with this initiative, the Raj Bhavan in Shillong is preparing for the live broadcast of its 100th episode.
The death toll has risen to 48, Ricky Keshi 74 of Upper Mawprem, firstborn Marbaniang of Langkyrding 60, Sanjay Muktam of Baridua 36, ​​Knesman Nongsiej and Phomti Phawa and Dil Bhadur, 55, of Ladrymbai, who died today at Robert Hospital.
Shillong, March 06: With the aim of curbing the illegal mobile phone market and mobile phone theft, to protect the welfare of the people and to facilitate the law enforcement agencies; The DoT has implemented the Central Equipment Identity Registry (CEIR) which is linked to the International Mobile Equipment Number Database of all mobile operators.
It was also discussed what this group will do for the sake of the jaidbynriew, because as a kur what they say is only for the good within the kur, for the jaidbynriew. can do nothing, but as a group they can negotiate the nation’s problem in many areas.
"Najiar said the decision to send this petition was taken after a minor clash between two groups of boys (between the ages of 16-20 years) who are not indigenous. and non-Khasi in parts of Laban area only for extortion.
Regarding the tax, it was divided into four parts, starting from 5 percent to 24 percent but this has not yet been taken as the GST Council will meet again to take the tax. decision on the 18th of this month.
Oskar Kokoschka is a filmmaker and artist.
However, in these times, we see that our politicians are only clean in words.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today said that 613 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in the state and 7741 people are still in critical condition.
Shillong, March 03: Police have arrested a vehicle suspected to have collided with a bike near the Military Hospital Shillong on Saturday morning. Raj Kushir Singh of Garikhana, Shillong has passed away.
Chief guests at the meeting were Shri Keshav Mahanta, Minister of Health, Government of Assam, and Dr. Sapam Ranjan Singh, Minister of Health and IPR, Government of Manipur.
The reason for the protest against the interim Rangbah Shnong, Bah Bikendro Kharbani, is that the Syiem of Bhowal Hima has appointed him without the knowledge of the village. The handover of the documents is upon the appointment of the full Rangbah Shnong.
This announcement is a continuation of the announcement made by the government in recent days that the government has declared a public holiday on Monday for the purpose of mourning.
The government's haste to take this decision shows that it is eager to bring mynder to the state and that it has no responsibility to the indigenous people because it does not take hasty decisions regarding laws or measures to protect the nation from foreign invasion.
Police will not only arrest the owners but also the owners of the houses in connection with the fight against drugs, said SP Lyngwa.
Father Ryngkat Bor Dkhar Nongladew Mawbri Parish Diocesan Priest of Ri Bhoi District Two Salesian Fathers of Don Bosco (SDB) Father Barnabas Syiem of Umden Parish Ribhoi District Father Jeffree Kharkongor SDB Father Wester David Marbaniang of Umsaw Mawjynrong has been arrested.
Priority sectors in Guwahati city include infrastructure development projects in sports& health services and transport facilities.
In Sohkynduh village which has 160 households, there are still 30 households who have not yet received light.
St. Margaret's Higher Secondary School, Tura through Tanushri Acharjee, Sherwood School, Tura through Ritam Deep Choudhary and St. Xavier's Secondary School, Tura through Salrime M Sangma. who scored 564 marks.
Regarding this incident, the MPYC has demanded that the Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh should resign. the face is to be lowly paid.
According to the DTO, at this meeting it was said that if we take the price set by the government, it will be higher than the price mentioned above. The fare from Nongpoh to Shillong and from Shillong to Nongpoh will be T.90/- each and from Umsning to Shillong and Shillong to Umsning will be T.7 /- money only.
Maitshaphrang also recalls that she had organized drama performances entitled, “The Drama of Phan Nonglait” in many villages in Shillong and Nongkhlaw in the years 1994-9 reflect on its contributions to the freedom struggle.
Shillong, July 09: U Londoner Sohtun, Media Officer of the HSPDP, today said that the suspension of Bah Pyniaid Syiem MDC of the party for two years is on the grounds of The party has found that he has fought against the party in many ways.
For the 2-Tura seat, nine candidates have applied for tickets and among the most prominent are Sports Minister Zenith M Sangma, Salmanpara MLA Winnerson D Sangma and others.
At present, the Chief Minister has acknowledged that there is a shortage of personnel in the police department as they have to maintain peace and order in the state.
The HYC believes that this is a violation of the freedom of expression of the people. The HYC strongly condemns this. Meghalaya and Assam border.
Shillong, March 07: Police have received many complaints from the public that taxis in Shillong are not allowed to carry passengers even though there are no passengers in the vehicle.
As a sign of love for the past years and times, a memorial book of the school was launched by Bah Prestone Tyngsong.
Four VPP MLAs who attended the meeting were accompanied by party leaders.
“The Seng will always be with Khanduli village especially when they face such problems,” said the statement.
These students who performed well were rewarded with prizes.
Neil Sootinck, General Secretary, Shooting Association of Meghalaya, has been elected as a Member of the Governing Body of the NRAI. The court has also appointed another judge as Additional Returning Officer, Justice (retd) Inderjeet Singh Walia.
He said it would be a good way for the people of Nongstoin if they give the Congress a chance to get a person who understands the problems of the people.
Speaking to the scientists, Prime Minister Duh said he was delighted to be at the ISRO Telemetry Tracking and Command Network (ISTRAC) in Bengaluru. particularly where the body and soul are filled with joy.
Ardent's protest started on 23rd June in front of the Additional Secretariat. Doctors also went to check on the health of the party leader.
After the discussion, the Advisory Committee met from 10 am to 2.30 pm and then the meeting with the MDCs started from 11 am to 2.30 pm.
In a statement issued today, it was clarified that this decision was taken in order to prevent the spread of COVID-19 in Meghalaya.
On the decision of the Governor, the Chief Minister said he would like to say nothing, but said that the matter is still pending in court, regarding the opinion of the donor. Shillong, July 07: The Cabinet meeting today approved the Voluntary Retirement Scheme (VOL). VRS) of the employees of Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited, out of 455 employees of the government cement plant, 145 have decided to retire by taking part in this scheme.
The Company has decided to remove these sign boards so that the sign boards can be seen by the pedestrians.
At this meeting he said that it was on 26th July 1950 that the Khasi Hills through the Constitution entered India and the Sixth Schedule was so powerful that on 13th June 1951 the United Khasi Hills was abolished. Hills District by dividing Block I and Block II. Bah Shylla said that the purpose of the Hima Dorbar is to promote the spirit of patriotism. The Dorbar Hima because the rule of the people in the Khasi is by the people for the people, not by the rule of the people who elect the leaders.
Gary James is the first member of the 50Basic Management Course from India to receive this award. .
Prestone said they are still waiting for a reply and maybe next month they will be able to get a clearer understanding on the invitation of the Prime Minister to open the celebration. the 50th anniversary of the state.
In his speech, Justice HS Thangkhiew said that the state has three district courts, the KHADC, the JHADC and the Garo. The Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) has empowered them to judge among the tribes.
The ceremony was conducted by Pastor Ebling Majaw of Umlyngka Church.
Shillong, Naitung 11: The smuggling of sarees from the Meghalaya border to Bangladesh has continued despite the arrest of BSF troops from time to time.
Once again, the SDO said that the matter has now reached the hands of the Election Commission of India. The Election Commission cannot pass through.
According to this order, the District Magistrate has ordered the shops and workshops selling duplicate or replica exhaust pipes not to sell chess anymore but otherwise they will be fined in Motor Vehicles. Act and other laws.
The Central Government has provided funds to fill the shortcomings in the implementation of the GST and has also approved the States opting for Option I to borrow equal to 0.50% of the Gross States Domestic Product ( GSDP) so that they can generate revenue.
The MUGH has also sent a petition to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, Home Minister, James K Sangma and Health Minister, Bah AL Hek. The petition was also sent to all the Deputy Commissioners and Superintendents of Police of all four districts in Garo Hills.
Lt Gen RS Panwar, GOC 101 Area was also present on the occasion.
He said that this tragic incident has affected the people because it happened in the market area which is a commercial area, which is difficult for even the fire trucks to enter.
According to information received, the entire Mawhati area has not received electricity due to the cutting down of electricity posts in Umsning area as the line passes from this area to Mawhati area. and other villages.
Regarding other constituencies, the party will take a decision and release the first list in the near future.
Although the Chief Minister did not mention which party, he referred to the Congress party where 12 MLAs have left the party as reported in the media.
When he assumed the post of Rangbah Shnong in 2006, he has done many things especially in the development of the village and has led the village forward until now.
In this meeting, Bah Titosstarwell expressed his pleasure to be able to discuss such an issue which affects the people and promised that a meeting will be convened tomorrow. to the officers to discuss this matter.
Shillong, Nailar 21: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on receiving complaints that foreigners have opened pharmacy shops in Shahlang Market has passed without permits.
Shillong, Naitung 28: The Meghalaya State Development Reform Commission (MSDRC) has held a meeting in West Jaintia Hills to review the implementation of schemes of the state government in the district for the fiscal year 2015-2 , 2016-2017.
Regarding this demand, the party would like this demand to be in accordance with the Constitution of the country without bloodshed, he said they will send a letter to the central government.
Shillong, Nailur 21: The 10th Raid Laban Awards Ceremony was held today at Soso Tham Auditorium Shillong by the Raid Laban Sports, Social and Cultural Organization in collaboration with the Ministry of Education, Government of Meghalaya.
Referring to the Delimitation Bill of JHADC, he said the Cabinet has approved it and it will now be sent to the Governor for his approval.
We are working tirelessly in this regard to bring the country back on the path of development.
The market belongs to the Hima Sohra and has been implemented by the state government. The construction of the market is the first phase and the cost for this will reach about Rs 4 crore.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: U Synbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong today said that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma has spoken to the Home Minister of West Bengal on these issues. Social media has reported that in West Bengal, some people have gone to Meghalaya House in Kolkata.
They said that the SP has said that the police are conducting an investigation to find out who was involved in the murder.
The searches were conducted at Motphran, Paltan Bazar, Mawblei, Nongrim Hills, Laitumkhrah Market, Mawlonghat, Urkaliar, Upper Shillong, Polo, Mawbah, Jhalupara and Upper Mawprem. and 7,74,000ml of pyrolysis.
The aptitude test for those selected for the competition will be held on the 25th of this month.
Jowai, Naitung 6 : Leaders of the KSU Namdong Unit led by President Samla Kitbok Lang Lamare have visited the CHC Namdong this morning. He found that until now, the CHC has been in the middle of darkness.
Regarding the drivers, the Prime Minister in a meeting with the officers said that they should look into how to assist them in getting food and drinking water.
For trucks parked at the top of the parking lot, the fee is T.500 for trucks and T.300 for pick-ups.
This also means that the time has come for India to rise to a higher level in terms of poverty.
Police have completed all the necessary procedures according to the law in connection with this incident.
He said that the creation of ASAK is to fight against the GNLA, these people have no basis at all, the allegation against GNLA leader Sohan D Shira is just a ploy to get out. in the media.
Shillong, July 05: The Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya today released the names of the voters in Meghalaya with a total of 22,17,100 lakh voters.
The Additional Director General of Police has been directed to leave for Tura to ensure peace and order.
It is estimated that the amount of Ganja that has to be harvested in the village will reach about 100 quintals.
There are 454 employees in MCCL, of whom 126 have requested to resign and the remaining employees are 312 and 16 employees are not paid according to the wage board. .
Replying to the MLA of the constituency, Martin M Danggo said that he is still a Congress MLA and there has been no complaint against him. They don't know whether he is an MLA of the Congress party or not.
One of the problems faced by the leaders at that time was the problem of fixing the boundary for the needs of the villagers.
We drive our own Scooty and that's why we stay offline and don't use any App.
“As usual every year, the participation of the dancers has increased and this year despite the heavy rain, cold and strong wind and bad weather, this has not discouraged the dancers. “The dancers and the spectators,” said Rgh BS Rumnong.
This eye disease, which causes blindness of the eyes, is a disease that is transmitted from one person to another by looking at each other face to face through contact with equipment.
Other prominent organizations in Meghalaya who came to pay tribute to this great man by laying flowers were the KSU, HANM, HYC and many others including the private sector as well.
The new CEM said that they are inside the House according to the rules of the Sixth Schedule and the office of the Lamphang and the Executive Committee cannot escape because we cannot escape from them.
Speaking to media at Shillong Club, Sangma said there is a need to implement the ILP immediately in Meghalaya. The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and the Deputy Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, have said that the government has taken action against this issue.
Other issues discussed were the visit of the Home Minister of India, Amit Shah on the 24th of this month. to amend the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution, to include the Garo Khasi Language in the Fifth Schedule and the Inner Line Permit.
The Central Vigilance Commission, New Delhi has invited the Central Vigilance Commission, New Delhi to bring about unity in the country and to fight against violence. corruption, not only in government offices but also in private businesses as well.
There are 8 new polling stations in EKH District, 6 in WJH, 2 in Ri Bhoi, 6 in WGH, 2 in WHG, 4 in SGH, 2 in East Jaintia Hills and 2 in Eastern West Khasi Hills. Hills, South West Khasi Hills and North Garo Hills districts each have one new polling station.
Metbah said it is a great opportunity for the students to receive such assistance from the government free of charge and in this programme.
It is to be recalled that the union has sent a letter to the DC office (17/04/2018) to Bah SS Syiemlieh ADC informing him that the Rimanar Bridge has shown signs of injury to the people. at any time and to disrupt the movement of people relying on this bridge.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The Assam Cattle Preservation Act, 2021 has been passed by Assam and Meghalaya has not yet implemented the Cattle Preservation Act. there is a law concerning the circumcision.
The Seng also urges the Sengbhalang leaders who are fighting against the ILP not to stop their protest while the government has not implemented the ILP in Meghalaya but to fight until victory.
The college will serve as a center for Ayurveda studies along with research facilities and patient care.
Other dignitaries who attended the function were David Marak, General Secretary BJP Tura, Bimal Saikia, Vice President Jirang Block and others.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The result of the Secondary School Leaving Certificate Examination 2018 has been postponed.
Shillong, Nailur 15: Police of Nongstoin police station on Tuesday received a complaint from a mother from Myriaw village on the 11th of this month that seven men have raped a woman. children in the village in the middle of the night.
It was recalled that it was during the tenure of Bah Boldness L Nongum as MLA in Mairang Constituency that the PMGSY road from Kynrud to Wah Uming was constructed. Samla Skrol Rani said that the government has also urged the government to improve the road from Kynrud to Nongkhlaw. This road falls under two constituencies, Kynrud, Nongsohma, Mawthadraishan and Mawthadraishan. Mawkarah under Mairang Constituency This road is also badly damaged.
Both the meetings will be chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi and will be attended by all the members of the NEC, including the Minister in charge of DoNER, the Governors of the States and the Chief Ministers, MPs and MLAs appointed as members of the NEC from the North East.
She said that most of the youth are now in the midst of difficulties in getting their jobs and in these times they have tried to do the MLP job. in the past, many of the young people rejected this work.
The petition was signed by four Rangbah Shnongs of Sohra area at one of the existing colleges, Sohra Government College or Government Normal Training School.
There is no shortage of food and beverages and the Office has been very vigilant in this regard.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Titosstarwell Chyne today sent a House Committee to Domiasiat to investigate the allegation that there is a leakage of air from the uranium mines.
Therefore, the people through this meeting also expressed their concerns about the compliance with the rules of the Meghalaya Minor Minerals Concession Rules, 2016 that the miners should obtain a Mining Lease or Quarry Permit. Many of the poor people in small farms who work by hand without machines or equipment don't have the ability to pay for many things, and they don't understand this. and perhaps this will also affect the freedom of rights of the owners over the land of Shyiap.
He also urged the leaders of the Seng to be followers of the best example of Syiem Tirot Singh, who was one of the heroes of the country and the nation, who gave his life for the liberation of his people. country from being persecuted under foreign rule.
The country is in the early years of AmritKaal, the period before the centenary of independence.
The short film was produced by State of Mind Production in collaboration with members of the Hills People Collective.
Taking the statement of these groups, the DC's office has received and informed the government that if it is possible to auction the coal so that they can sell it to oil mills If the government accepts.
Shillong, Naitung 26: There are 569 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 173 cases in Ri Bhoi District and 85 cases in Ri Bhoi District. There are 5084 confirmed cases so far.
However, out of the 29 MDCs, only Bah Bindon M.Lanong has written against the Governor who appointed him. “Senior UDP leader and nominated KHADC MDC Bindo M.Lanong.
In his resignation letter, the former Umroi MLA did not give any reason why he left the TMC party where he holds the post of Vice President in the state from the party.
Such initiatives show the expansion of our agricultural activities and empower our farmers.
On the 4th of this month, she received a phone call demanding Rs 40 lakh for the release of her son, saying that her son was in the hands of these people who called her.
All the MLAs who came to the Legislative Assembly today were present at the unveiling of the statue of Dr Donkupar Roy at the Annex Hall of the Legislative Assembly.
The body of Dhrubajyoti Kalita, 21, was found from a restaurant in Mawkhrang village on the Assam-Meghalaya border after a thorough search by the Meghalaya Police and the Search and Rescue Team (SRT). of Meghalaya.
The Chief Minister said that besides receiving oxygen generating plants from the central government, the state government will also purchase its own oxygen generating plants worth between T.20 and 25 lakh. each machine.
We have also sent a proposal to the State Government for allocation of funds for this purpose,” he added.
The price of AAY rice will be 3 tyngka per kilo and they should get 35 kilos, while those from PHH will get 5 kilos per kilo at the price of 3 tyngka.
Speaking to reporters while announcing the festival, he said the aim is to promote sports in the state and to showcase the culture and traditions of the people of the state to the world.
Police suspect that he may be the same person who detonated a petrol bomb at a liquor shop at Polo Market.
The HANM leader said that the people now do not understand the price, how and how to send to the dorbar, the people now see that the election is a spectacle, not drunk, not and thou shalt not fight once every three years.
The Education Cell of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) has met with the Minister of Education, Rakkam A. Sangma at his residence to inform him about the delay in the release of scholarships by the State Government. The Meghalaya Teachers Eligibility Test (MTET) examination conducted by the Department of Educational Research and Training (DERT) has been conducted by the Ministry of Education and Training.
Sitharaman praised the support of taxpayers and said that in the last 10 years, revenue collection has increased by more than three times and the number of tax information providers has increased by 2.4 times.
There are many unexplored places that can attract tourists.
The Director of Health Services (DHS) today said that one person has died in East Khasi Hills District, bringing the death toll to
Besides these suggestions, the most urgent issue is to find out how many people in the village or village are living on daily wages or who are poor and suffering because this incident will affect their income. , If the Shnong is closed to protect the lives of those who are suffering from income, how will they eat what is the preparation of the Shnong, Shnong and the State Government on this very important issue.
They informed the Minister that they have already submitted their letters to the government in the past few hours but the government has not done anything yet They should also be appointed as teachers as they have been selected by the government to complete the training.
In the area from Bir to Umkra, the name of Bah James Sylliang is more popular than other candidates. The sound was loud and the wind was blowing strongly in the area from Nongjri village to Amjong. Only the name of Bah Sylliang came forward.
The party would also like to thank Bah Latiplang Kharkongngor EMI/c Trade of KHADC who has worked tirelessly to follow up on this issue so that as a nation we can once again hold the Lakam. of the Khaii ka Pateng who has been smuggled into foreign countries.
The training was conducted at Mahenderganj, Dalu, Baghmara, Mahadev, Gumaghat. (South West Khasi Hills district), Dawki (East Khasi Hills district) Umkiang (East Jaintiya Hills district).
A total of 75 cyclists including men and women of all ages took part in the rally which also celebrated the Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav – India@7
Shillong, November 14: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has held a meeting today between the government and the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). The Union of Rangbah Shnongs has been able to reach an agreement between the government and KHADC on the Village Administration Bills and the MUDA By-Laws.
The purpose of this festival is to encourage people to take up this field of Tit farming.
The meeting concluded with a speech by the President of KSU Nangbah Unit and welcome speech by the General Secretary of KSU Nangbah Unit.
It also explained various aspects of these new laws.
“The CWC has demanded that the State Government should end discrimination and bring about unity in the State so that the indigenous and foreigners can live in peace and harmony in the State and at the same time this group She demanded to provide support and assistance to foreign communities to improve their welfare in Meghalaya.
Regarding the allegations against the party, the NPYF has nothing to say but there should be facts because the media is not the judge. If there is any allegation, go to the authorities. they are not paid according to the law.
Many of the village shops have ignored the government's order.
We have informed the CEM that we can no longer pay taxes on the gates,” said MTOA President Bah Moslander Marngar.
He urged the people to implement the schemes of the government in order to create employment opportunities for the people.
At this meeting, they decided to form the AMCPC. At this meeting, Bah Gilbert G Kharraswai was elected as President and SC Sangma as General Secretary. There were 80 officers in total.
Therefore, the East Khasi Hills District Badminton Association is determined to achieve that goal.
Shillong, March 27: The NCC Directorate for the North East will conduct a special training for NCC members from various branches at Umroi Contonment. from tomorrow morning and will end on 4th November
Speaking to reporters, KSU CEC General Secretary Donal V Thabah said that at the request of the Government, the Model Code of Conduct is still in force. The Lok Sabha election has not been able to hold the celebration of the National Day at Khliehriat village in East Jaintia Hills District.
I believe that you are the guardians of the future who will ensure peace, equality between men and women, reduce climate change, increase the spread of rights, rebuild with a strong faith and achieve healing. as you progress.
Bah Dundee said it is a pride for the nation that the youth have been able to have the spirit of competition with other companies that come to set up jobs in the state.
The curfew violated the order of the High Court of Meghalaya, which prohibited the calling of any form of curfew or road blockade by publishing articles through any in any way that can affect the peace and order in the state.
As time goes by, the election campaign is becoming more and more expensive and the time will come when a candidate who really wants to serve the people will not be willing to contest just because he comes from a poor family.
However, even though the BSF camp in Umpling has been set up as a containment zone, it has been learned from the residents that the BSF camp in Umpling has been set up as a containment zone. mon inside the village.
Dayschbornemi Talang as Secretary, Wonly Bareh Secretary East Jaintia Hills District and Sucil Dkhar as Treasurer of the party. Thadlaskein West Jaintia Hills District.
“The frequent accusations and the hard work of the police to hide the truth are witnesses, ignorant acts of trying to bury the truth,” said the HNLC statement. The HNLC has also expressed its surprise to find out that the police have not released an audio recording of an arrested member of the HNLC talking to the Military Commander of the HNLC. Bah Sanbor Nutmeg.
The NCWO has announced the results of the finals of the Batemon U Hynniewtrep tournament which will be held in the last month of April or the first month of November. 2019.
The Meghalaya High Court (MHC) today convened a hearing on the PIL of the JYF against the dewbilat factories operating in Jaintia Hills which have violated the Forest Act and The Meghalaya High Court (MHC) has issued a statement saying that the JYF has turned red and the fish in the river have died. The order to summon all 9 dewbilat factories operating without permission from the Central Government for violating the Forest Conservation Act, ofForests) Act, 1958, Meghalaya Transfer of Land (Regulation) Act, 1971)which include M/ S Star Cement, M/ S Topcem, M/ S Taj Cement, M/ SBest Cement, M/ S Green Valley Industries ( P) Ltd, M/S Amrit Cement Industries Ltd, M/S Adhunik Cement Ltd, M/S Adhunik Cement Ltd, M/S Adhunik Cement Ltd and M/S Goldstone Cement Ltd. A few days ago, it was clear that many of the dewbilat factories in Jaintia Hills are operating in the forest areas, which is against the Forest Conservation Act
Therefore, the Seng urges the Deputy Commissioner and DTO of EJHD to implement the existing law by ensuring that private vehicles that collide with local taxis and also to They should be arrested immediately every day and also to be punished severely according to the rules of law so that they will surprise the people and stop themselves from stealing the income of local taxis.
For many years the market has become a haven for foreigners who work in the market as illegal workers, and this is indeed one of the reasons for the pollution and instability of the market. market.
At the same time , the Central Government has ordered the public not to allow people to deposit money in their accounts suspicions should be reported to the police.
He said that there are about 36 Pnar villages in these areas, which have suffered many problems in these days, which has been closed down, and not only that. however, they were no longer treated as human beings but as slaves.
Shillong, July 20: Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and Assam Chief Minister Hemenata Biswa Sarma today met Union Home Minister Amit Shah at They submitted the reports of the Regional Committees on the border issue between the two states.
“We have instructed the new Vice Chairman, Bah Teimiki Laloo, to look into how to move forward,” said the statement.
Roypar said the union will soon announce stronger protests which could affect the work of EMRI if the government does not resolve this issue.
The GHSM has urged the Minister of Power, Bah Sngewbhalang Dkhar to take action against the lack of light. This is the replacement of new transformers.
These people, who were selected as poor and suffering, were provided with items such as kombor, khiew, pliang and others.
In the Vocational Stream, 11 candidates, nine males and four females passed.
Those who work hard and earn a living every day are my family.
Bah Sohlang said that the district authorities today urged them to end the strike as the government is now ready to extend the deadline for the strike. DSC examination of 2010 but they are still waiting for the approval of the Chief Minister.
Referring to the Baljek Airport, which was established in 1995, the government is preparing to expand it. He said that at present there are nine companies operating flights from Umroi under the UDAN scheme. the central government.
Finally, the KSU Khliehriat Circle demands that the government should immediately repair the road otherwise the KSU will continue to protest, said Samla C.Suja General Secretary of KSU Khliehriat Circle.
It is to be recalled that on the 20th of April last year, unidentified persons had gone to damage by cutting down the trees that had grown in this area.
The examination is scheduled to be held in the first or second month of November 2022. According to the information received by the MP from Tura, there is no examination center in Meghalaya. that one should be established within the Tura Parliamentary Constituency.
: Hundreds of students from Meghalaya who appeared for the National Eligibility Cum Entrance Test (NEET) (UG) examination conducted by the National Testing Agency (NTA) on Tuesday turned out to be due to a query error.
To achieve equal development works, ACHIK urges Bah Thomas Pass to support the party's struggle to bring unity between the two ethnic groups and not to create misunderstanding.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: Who is Prestone Tynsong, Minister in charge of Forests and Others of the Meghalaya Government? of forest slaves, to say that all the difficulties in implementing development projects are due to the land tenure system.
According to sources, the office of the DSEO of East Khasi Hills District has requested the schools to send this information to the office on 17/7/2021 which is Saturday. moon.
Modi, 73, will lead the coalition government for the third term since 2014 after overthrowing the Congress-led United Progressive Alliance (UPA) government. which has been in power for about 10 years.
“Now there are interests in the world to know and understand India.
Under the leadership of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, we are taking steps to bring about research in traditional medicine along with modern medicine.
However, it is sad and angry at the same time because now the provisions of this Act have been weakened and violated.
Shillong, Nailur 06: The Congress party has demanded that the allegations of corruption in MeECL should be investigated by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI). ).
Shillong, July 16: Three political parties, including the FKJGP, HYNF and RBYF, held a meeting at the FKJGP office in Mawlai this evening. to take a decision to hold a protest near the Additional Secretariat on the 21st of this month which is Tuesday next month to force the government to suspend the construction of the railroad.
The arrival of the students from the state to Meghalaya is part of the leadership of the 36-Assam Riffle to bring unity in the country.
Shillong, June 21: U Bah PT Sawkmie MDC Mawlai Constituency on the 17th of this month met with the Village Authority of Madan Mawkhar to discuss the needs of development.
On the other hand, Bah Sanbor as the MP candidate appealed to the people that all those who have suffered, have suffered for the past five years with the BJP, as it is now under the leadership of Narendra Modi, will come as the the prime minister of the country.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, today said that the High Court has sentenced Rajesh Rabha to life imprisonment and a fine of T.10,0 related to the murder of Vijon Rabha.
Answering a supplementary question, the Minister of Home Affairs said that to create a District, Civil Sub Division or Administrative Unit, there are certain requirements that the government has to meet and those are the nature of the land, the availability of population, distance from the district capital, educational institutions, health facilities, income and livelihood, roads and financial resources.
“Is there a special permit or license from the government for such shops to be located along the NH-6? and if there is no such thing, where is the Exercise Department of the Government which should stop and eradicate such shops which destroy the soul of man, the family, the community and the society? “For the sake of the welfare of the society, especially the youth of the country and the nation, the AJYWO strongly demands that the Exercise Department of the State Government should not sleep day but should do its duty to immediately eradicate all illegal liquor shops, especially those in the country. Many parts of the NH-6 pass through East Jaintia Hills,” said MH Dkhar.
Any land owner who wishes to install water tanks on their land may submit applications indicating the location of the land for inspection for the construction of water tanks on their land. whether the place they ask for is sufficient.
Shillong, Naiwieng 05: The Catholic Church has set aside the month of Naiwieng every year to pray for the peace of the deceased by setting the 2nd of Naiwieng as the day of honor for all the souls of the deceased.
Tomorrow, KSU Upper Shillong Circle will play against KSU West Khasi Hills District Unit and KSU Tyrsad Circle will play against Jaiaw Circle.
Bah Sumer said that as a member of the party he has to obey the party leaders.
Titosstawel said that regarding the road, KHADC has written to the PWD to look after it as it is a village road. visitors should be respectful and polite.
Hearing this reply, the Mawsynram MLA said that there are 54 villages under the SPV and these also fall under the area headed by the Speaker of the House. .
Even in the decades after 1947, each of us can contribute in our own way to the freedom struggle.
“The RTI reply received by the union does not satisfy at all regarding the transfer of police and officers and the RTI reply shows the intention to cover up the wrongdoing,” he said.
It is alleged that the police patrolling is only in Shillong and the fighting is only in Shillong, but the specially trained police are only in Shillong. .
The SP of West Garo Hills, Mukesh Singh, said that the arrest was made because the Deputy Commissioner had banned the practice of demon worship.
Shillong, Nailar 18: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, today announced that funds have been released to provide relief to those who died in the collapse of a tree near Raj Bhavan.
The road to this village was completed in 2013 and the school in this village is only up to class five.
Various Jan Bhagidari programs such as reporting on the experiences of beneficiaries of central government schemes under the full implementation of schemes like Ayushman Bharat, JalJeevan Mission, Jan DhanYojana, PM KisanSammanNidhiYojana, camp status ODF Plus, health and other programs were very interesting at this meeting.
Speech was also delivered by Samla Joplang Kharnaïor who was the chief guest and who is also the Assistant Education Secretary of the HYC Central Body.
The same scheme, but only for urban areas, will be known as the Integrated Project Development Scheme. The scheme will be funded by 85 per cent from the Central Government and 15 per cent from the Central Government. state government.
The Commissioner & Secretary of the Government Department has ordered the MIDC under letter number : IND 90/2013/15 on 18th July this year to dismiss the four employees who have been shut down. not going in the right direction but these people are still working.
What is more interesting is that every school has a health center which has been opened in 20 schools so far. Phycologist, one MTW and one Doctor for three schools.
They informed the Prime Minister about these issues and during the meeting, the Prime Minister said that he has taken action to talk to the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government. The Central Committee has not yet said whether it will say yes or not on the ILP demand of the state.
These bullets were found on the ground floor of the government school and the inscription on these bullets was written and threatened the Chief Minister. to Dr Mukul Sangma.
Sacred Heart Boy's Higher Secondary School, Shillong has entered the sixth position through Freddy Lyngkhoi and Mairang Presbyterian Science College, Mairang has entered the Top Ten for the first time through Kevinstrong Lawryniang. reached the tenth position.
The anti-tobacco campaign against tobacco use has been successful with the participation of 4.9 lakh children from 7,975 schools in the state.
This is the second time that the Nonglait Kur has been celebrated and the State Government has given a public holiday to honor this great man in Eastern West Khasi Hills District. The celebration was also held at Nongrimmai.
The injection was the first donation at the Ganesh Das Government Maternal and Child Health Hospital Shillong.
The President, Smt.
There are 5766 SSA teachers in Lower Primary and 6715 teachers in Upper Primary under the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) scheme.
On the other hand, Bah Michael also handed over a copy to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya in connection with the same matter.
Speaking to media after the Cabinet meeting, the Chief Minister said that after the passage of the Citizenship Amendment Bill, 2019 in the Lok Sabha, the government will meet with the The Governor will also meet the Union Home Minister Amit Shah to discuss the MRSSA Ordinance.
The only two wickets he did not claim were bagged by Aryan Borah (1/18) and Abhishek Kumar (1/31).
In his speech, the Prime Minister said that during the midst of the struggle for independence of the country, there was a call whether there were those who were ready to sacrifice their lives for the sake of the country. whether they are ready to live for the country by doing work for the benefit of the country.
Shillong, Naitung 13: The winner of the Monolith Festival 2016, Mawphlang near Lawkyntang, has won the Wow Awards Asia 2017, which was presented in Delhi this month. .
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The District Election Officer and Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District today announced that the 27th of this month will be a public holiday in which the workers should not lose their salaries.
One case has been confirmed from Ri Bhoi District today, bringing the total number of recoveries to
One of the lessons we learn from this incident is that we need to be self reliant in all aspects.
This Sengol will continue to inspire us in the work of this Legislative Assembly,” he said.
The QES as part of the AQEES was launched in June, 2021 to collect information related to employment and related activities in recognized occupations in the economy.
Banshai Marbaniang has placed a letter on the desk of the Managing Director (MD) of MCAB Ltd.
After the meeting, the village leaders of Mawshabuit village, while speaking to reporters, said that as the village, we want this gate to be removed. meeting today.
In his speech, he said that the party has decided to conduct this eye treatment at this place.
The union also demanded that the government should release the salary of the GHADC as these employees have not received their salaries for nearly 40 months. The Government should have a sense of responsibility for the employees of this office.
July 22 : The AJYWO for the benefit of the people of Ri Pnar, has demanded that the Jaintia Hill Autonomous District Council should no longer issue trading licenses or renew trading licenses so that the indigenous people can The National Green Tribunal (NG) has banned coal mining and trade in Jaintia Hills in the face of unemployment.
The crowd, especially the students, rejoiced.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Nongtnger said the Shillong Traffic Police has been working hard since last year and has intensified the search operations on vehicles and motorcycles since July this year to immediately end the search operation. the use of modified silencers which produce a very loud noise and which is very disturbing to the passengers.
Because they are clean and sweet especially after harvesting tyrkong and some of them are sold at T.400 to T.800 per kilo, said Bah Gershom Hat, one of the elders of the area.
In July this year, the State won the second prize at the One District One Product (ODOP) Awards held at the Aatma Nirbhar Bharat Utsav 2024 in New Delhi.
Shillong, March 16: There are 83 new cases of COVID-19 in Shillong today, 51 cases from East Khasi Hills, 26 cases from West Khasi Hills and 26 cases from West Khasi Hills. There are 877 cases in the country.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: Two youngsters from Meghalaya, Debormi Lyngdoh from Sahniang and Natasha Wahlang from Shillong have been named the winners of the competition. They have been selected to act in the films produced by Bhopal Fashion House and AK Production in Shillong.
The Expert Committee was set up after a committee comprising all political parties was set up on 25th June, 2023 to discuss the implementation of the Reservation Roster system.
The Prime Minister said that there is now a competition between one city and another city in cleanliness and on the part of the Prime Minister he congratulated all those who have contributed for this. children to receive holiness.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong who is also the Chief Guest said that the Sport and Cultural Club is the first time to hold such a program. of various sports but now we have seen that there are other programs related to culture and with the desire that the Club has organized many programs related to youth because now we see that many youth have I am guilty of all kinds of evil deeds.
Of the postal ballots, the Congress candidate received 16 seats and the NPP candidate received 7 seats.
This training will also be aimed at teaching the child how to feel confident in what they do.
A committee has been directed to be formed in which the residents will be involved with MeECL to ensure the safety of the villages.
Tura, Nailur 4: The Joint Movement Committee (JMC) for the development of economic relations between India and Bangladesh in Meghalaya by connecting West Bengal and Bangladesh has discussed the issue of economic development between India and Bangladesh. Mahendraganj and Tura to Meghalaya by Hili road which is only 100 km through Bangladesh.
“We Khasi youths living in Laban cannot accept that they should violate or insult us and this child (Khasi) has just passed his Class-12 examination.
In this regard, the NPP has already made it clear on the party's position, so it has urged all the members of the party not to say anything on this issue. The CAA has not been approved by the President.
When asked about the investigation by the state government, NPP spokesperson James K Sangma said it would be better to investigate by a team of inquiry independent of the state government. The investigation shall be transparent and without any bias and the public shall have confidence in the investigation team.
Other road construction schemes that have already been approved through the SARDP-NE will be 727 km, 420 km of special roads will fall under the National Highway category.
The turnout of 1-Shillong LS was only 62 percent and 2-Tura LS was 70 percent. that reaches 66 percent.
On the other hand, Bah Carnes Sohshang MDC Mawkyrwat Constituency said, “To build or move forward to complete the church building requires unity and cooperation as a church so that we can complete this project. claim ".
Early in the morning, the police of the Hima Mylliem have gone to tell all the shops not to sell their goods outside the shops if they fight against the office of the Syiem will close down such shops. shops.
Shillong, June 17: The Deputy Commissioner of Elections in Shillong District has ordered all schools in Shillong to close their schools in connection with the Lok Sabha General Election , Colleges and ITIs will be closed on 18/June/2
Sahbor Shulai said that the KHADC has not informed him as the leader of the area and at the same time the Rangbah Shnongs have not informed him. they don't know anything.
However, there have been arrangements with some rebel groups in the North East as part of the peace process by the Government of India in the past.
Now it is the duty of the rulers and political leaders to fulfill their duty and demand from all that they should take responsibility to protect their nation and state.
Studies from around the world, especially from South Africa, show that the reintroduction of cheetahs to African countries has resulted in the death of 50% of the relocated cheetahs.
The State Youth Wing (KHNAM SYW) has decided to sit indefinitely in front of the MeECL office from Monday.
As a state, we can fight and overcome this COVID-19 pandemic with the cooperation of all.
In the 13th Mawryngkeng (ST) Assembly Constituency, NPP candidate Pyniaid Sing Syiem won with 1816 votes while Congress candidate Highlander Kharmalki received 12,361 votes.
Livingstone Stone, Ma.
Because not all of these people who return to the State can come in their own vehicles or special vehicles that are free from collision with others on their journey until they reach the State. and they shall dwell in the house of the LORD.
According to the names of the Hima, there are 550 people. The Hima has decided that 180 people will be allowed to sit on the day. If there are those who come to sit only those who do not have names, please inform them not to allow them.
These candidates who have applied for tickets have not yet gone to the villages to campaign for the election because they are still waiting for the ticket who will get the ticket because the party has not announced which of these three candidates will get the ticket. and this is the Neighborhood Constituency.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that we should not just put too many wrong ideas but also look at the needs of the people in terms of roads. He said that all the roads in the state should connect to the National Highways and all the roads should connect to the District Headquarters. The traffic is from Baghmara to Ranikor, from Ranikor to Nongstoin via Phalangdiloin, from Nongstoin to Kyrshai via Rambrai, from Nongstoin to Shallang and from Boko, from Umsning to Jagiroad and so on.
Speaking to reporters, Manih Taneja, Race Director, said that the purpose of the festival is to promote Meghalaya as one of the places to play in the rivers. u Naiweng because it is not a good report.
The KSU has opposed the two lane road because it fears that it will lead to the mining of uranium in the area and the KHADC will not issue the NOC for the construction of the road. .20 crore for the maintenance of this road, but now the allocation for this road has reached T.25 crore.
New Delhi, November 08: The Prime Minister, Narendra Modiu has welcomed the increase in the number of water treatment plants on the 8th and 9th of November at Mawphlang and Nongstoin ULB. patent applications in India.
The students who have prepared well will go to write the SSLC examination conducted by the MBoSE from the 4th of this month. The Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate (HSSLC) examination has started from the 1st of this month.
The training came after the residents of the area requested the group to find ways how to restore the soil.
The HPF strongly condemns the charging of T.200 tyngka to print Aadhar card and the HPF will not allow this charge as the DC has made it clear that no fee should be paid. .
It is our duty to understand the circumstances that led a child to commit an illegal act," he told reporters.
Speaking in the House, the Prime Minister said that this is the right time to demand from the Central Government to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution. This is a very important decision, because the people of the state want to see that the Khasi and Garo languages ​​should be recognized by the Constitution of the country.
Also present on the occasion were the President, Secretary, Youth, Longkmie and Rangbah of the Dong.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The state government has decided to start peace talks with the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) in the first month of July.
At this meeting, the SDO Civil Subdivision said that they cannot bring in foreign workers, but the sad thing is that the SDO PWD, Bah Stadhi Nongrum, and U JE Arwat Kurbah testified before the SDO Civil Subdivision that these two states are from Shillong.
Shillong, Naitung 24: Former Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Pynshngianlang Syiem today failed to appear in the House to elect the new Chairman of the House.
At this meeting, the Prime Minister said that the recommendation of the High Level Committee has many shortcomings and the government sees that if it is accepted it will only delay the time.
Conrad said the construction of the road from Mawphlang to Weiloi is a testimony to the Government's determination to prioritize the strengthening of road connectivity in the State.
Shillong, November 12: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, RM Kurbah, today said that the central government has set a target to install 100 new wind turbines in East Khasi Hills District and has already directed the village leaders to they will communicate this to the public.
The Speaker's Election to be held tomorrow is a test of power for the NDA government, which is led by the BJP. the Speaker of the Lok Sabha.
The man was taken to Shillong for treatment but his name was not disclosed.
The problem is the light outage, the idea of ​​handing over to the companies is to improve the electricity supply but it is still the same and what happened in Dadengre is even worse. the former.
At the same time, he recalled that it was during the tenure of CEM of Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh that he fought to protect the border from Ratachera to Langpih, but this was not done. There is no follow-up and the lack of action by Meghalaya has allowed Assam to continue to cross the border which the party can no longer listen to. sit down today.
The handover ceremony will be held tomorrow.
After a long discussion, the meeting discussed how the provisions of the Instrument of Accession and the Annexed Agreement of 17 August 1948 would be in harmony with the provisions of the Sixth Schedule which is within the State Government and which has been signed. The principle of equality of rights for other ethnic groups and foreigners not only for the Khasi of the Hima Khasi States, furthermore Article 5 of the IOA & The AA makes it clear that India will have a special relationship with the Chiefs and Hima Khasi States on a different level in which the laws of the Government of India or the State Government shall be in accordance with the customs of life within the Khasi States. It is not as it is now that the Constitution of India or the State Government violates the rights of the Hima Khasi States through the Sixth Schedule.
Hyderabad FC, after seeing his performance, the Indian football club has selected him to join the U-17 squad. Shillong, March 10: BSF troops from Battalion 193Bn have seized song on the border with Bangladesh after the destruction of BSF troops have been seen in parts of East Khasi Hills District.
The Cabinet today decided to appoint those who have passed their examinations while the police investigation is ongoing.
At the same time, the PDF Mylliem requests those who have not received the top-20 rank from Mylliem constituency to inform the PDF office in Lummawbah.
The Congress is expected to win 10 seats in Assam, two in Manipur, two in Arunachal Pradesh and one in Meghalaya.
As a small, backward and poor nation, we have to erect a monument to Governor Jairamdas Doulatram, President Rajendra Prasad and also to Rev. JJ Nichols Roy who gave us the Sixth Schedule. Paragraph 19 (1) (b) (3).
In his speech, the Director of Soil and Water Conservation, Bah D.Langstieh said that people have now begun to understand the value of the environment and have stopped the destruction of forests. The environment can only be achieved through the cooperation of the people.
Shillong, November 12: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today distributed pata to the residents of Balsrigittim and Warimagre in Williamnagar in the presence of Marcuise Marak MLA. .
Agriculture is the backbone of Meghalaya, not only providing employment but also providing food and drink to the people of the state.
Security measures will be strictly implemented in these containment zones and only essential activities will be allowed.
Shillong, July 31: The Green Economy Meghalaya is a project to conserve forests, which the Council will provide financial assistance to farmers who protect forests.
,It means that it flows and flows without stopping; it means that there are too many people or any creatures in the area.
“After five years of implementation of NCAP, only 44 cities out of 131 cities with poor air quality were found according to this study," Dahia said.
, KSU CEC, Publicity Secy.
The office of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly has never forgotten him as the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of the State. , the office sends its condolences to the family members and prays that the soul of the deceased will rest in peace.
The gang was led by Liakat Ali (42) of Barpeta, Assam.
Shillong, November 27: The President of the National People's Party (NPP) Meghalaya State Unit, Dr WR Kharlikhi today confirmed that nine MLAs who will resign on Thursday will join the party. 4th July 2018 at a public meeting to be held at Madan Polo.
(iii) Investment: Investments such as share capital in government companies, corporations, joint stock companies and cooperatives amounted to T.3,240 crore at the end of 2022-2 .2,754.32 crore to the electricity companies.
Peace comes when everyone has a job and can live like everyone else.
The SDMA has directed all District Disaster Management Officers to take steps to provide relief to the affected people.
New Delhi, November 29: The Asian Center for Human Rights (ACHR) in a letter sent to the Prime Minister of India India has demanded that the 29th of this month should be declared as the International Day of Violence against Women in India.
“He said that the RozgarMela is one of the initiatives of the Central Government and said that this is one of the initiatives to implement the resolution of Myntri Rangbah Duh to look after job creation and opening up opportunities for the youth for their empowerment and their participation in the country’s economic development.
The celebration will start with the parade of three Sukhoi-30 MK I bombers and will be followed by many other games to attract the public such as parachute dropping.
The PradhanMantriKisanSampadaYojana has benefited 38 lakh farmers and created 10 lakh job opportunities.
“With sadness, on 6th June 2019 at 10.30 pm, I went to meet the Principal of the school at the office to ask about this incident. skulk is not clean"
He said that the construction of the college has been delayed for many years due to many unavoidable reasons.
The shortcomings in all government health facilities include lack of staff, lack of water during the dry season, lack of laboratories, lack of ambulances and many other shortcomings. The petition was signed by Youdahunki Shylla, President and Chief Secretary, Tohmondiam.
For reasons that cannot be avoided, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, was not present.
Shillong, Nailar 01: Students of North Eastern Hill University under the banner of NEHUSU today staged a protest in front of the university to protest against the delay in the results of the university. the sixth semester of students.
Officials of the government department said that every time there is a meeting between the Meghalaya government and the central government officials, they always ask about this land because this land brings in money. and foreign countries have received hundreds of crores of rupees from India.
The construction of the Control Room including Arts & Culture at Rilbong cost 26,65,680 tyngka.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed two cases in East Jaintia Hills and two cases in Ri Bhoi District. There are 92,233 recoveries and 1,593 deaths.
The inability of the central government to bring peace has led to the loss of homes, livelihoods and especially the education of the youth. in all the cities of the North East we will protest on 9/11/2
This repair of this road is a blessing to the residents of this area especially to those who are seriously ill because they have to travel to Jowai for treatment.
The meeting was enriched by special songs on the value of vote and the need for EPIC Card by Samla Bankerlang Kharkongngor. The Election Commission of India (ECI) has issued a swearing-in ceremony to all the youth who have received the new EPICs. .BLO Priest, Thousands Block.
New Delhi, July 03: The Supreme Court, in Writ Petition Civil No.645/2022-IMA & Anr.
At present, the JMB is in dire straits, it is not enough to raise funds to pay the employees of the board and now the employees have not received their salaries for 40 months. yours.
Out of the 15 factories approved today, five are in Ri Bhoi, West Garo Hills and West Jaintia Hills are one and East Khasi Hills has three. East Jaintia Hills is divided into two parts.
The six villages are Nongrim Hills, Pohkseh, Nongrah, Nongmensong, Lapalang, Riat Laban and Wahdienglieng.
The BSF troops are on high alert against robbery and illegal trade along the border.
The arrest was made under the leadership of Debasish Borah, Assistant Superintendent of Police, Dhubri.
The Seng also warns the contractors, companies and all employers not to bring workers from outside the State at this time and if found the members of the Seng will implement the SLO in such workplaces. .
“Madrasas are not schools but places of religious education.
Besides these major works, Shillong will also see the use of technology such as CCTV cameras to monitor the movement of 368 vehicles and 42 emergency telephone numbers.
He stressed that they should have the spirit of leadership as a team and that they should be the ones who maintain order as this is the most important part to achieve the goal.
There are 388 cases in East Khasi Hills District, 105 cases in West Garo Hills and 99 cases in West Garo Hills.
The conference was led by Bah TW Pohshna State President of NPYF, Meghalaya with members and leaders from Nagaland, Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur and Meghalaya. The office bearers of the Committee shall be the Chairman, Co-Chairman, Vice-Chairman, General Secretary, Secretary and two Advisers and others shall be the members of the Committee. announced soon.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Shillong Mihngi Circle under the leadership of Samla Sonstar Nongkhlaw, President of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Shillong Mihngi Circle today found that 380 foreigners have been arrested. IIM Umsawli is not allowed to work without proper documents.
“What is more shocking, these Police Outposts, which are supposed to maintain peace and order, every day demand money from the truck drivers,” said the petition signed by the MJAC Chairman Bah Biangshwa Shylla. Finance Secretary Balen Thubru and General Secretary Enrico D.Passi.
He urged the people and village leaders to follow all the new guidelines on the implementation of these schemes as the purpose is to improve the implementation of these schemes for the sake of safety. welfare and benefit of the people.
The EC has worked hard to find out those who work illegally and hopes that in the next few months they will be found out and punished according to the law.
It was at about .40 pm that Sot police seized a vehicle carrying him.
Shillong, November 02: Shillong Police today informed that due to the celebration of the General Assembly of the Union of Catholic Women, Shillong Archdiocese to be held on the 4th at Parih Mawkhar, the parking of vehicles to avoid collisions.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Tayondar Mawlieh, one of the teachers, said that the strike has been lifted but they are still at Madan Malki to wait for the outcome of the talks. bad you bag DP Wahlang.
The district council has also decided not to allow uranium mining.
There is a goal to renew the functioning of District Councils so that they can function within the powers entrusted to them.
"At an emergency meeting held online on the 29th of this month, after a thorough discussion on the feelings of the NEHU authorities especially the Vice Chancellor, Prof Prabha Shankar Shukla, it was decided that The Association has decided to hold a Non Cooperation Movement against NEHU by suspending classes in the first semester of FYUP.
He urged the students to continue their hard work so that they can move forward.
The continuation of the curfew in the state has put many people in trouble in this regard and the DCs have been directed to submit a report to the government. .
Shillong, Naitung 12: Shillong Police on Tuesday received a complaint from Ceedorish Nongsiej that on the 2nd of this month, a man named Kamal Thapa has robbed a woman. in her 13-year-old home.
Shillong, November 07: The National People's Party (NPP) has demanded that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, should withdraw the order to implement the work in the National People's Party (NPP). 28 and 29th of November.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: U Prestone Tynsong, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today said that the government will impose a curfew. nights along the border with Bangladesh.
The reason for the delay is that the National Party has to look into all aspects of the situation before announcing the candidate. The name of Bah Jousha Warjri was announced today.
New Delhi, Naitung 12: Union Minister of State for Roads and Highways Nitin Gadkari has invited US billionaires to invest in the country. India to come and set up their businesses because now is a golden opportunity for them because this government has now set a priority goal to build various buildings in the country.
This dance is to thank the Creator.
The Chief Minister said that the road from Lumshyiap Bellafonte to New Shillong Township in Umsawli via Mawpat will reach the newly constructed Secretariat office and these roads will start in April this year and will be completed. within three years, this will help to clean up Shillong by 40%.
Shillong, Nailur 06: Two students of BSF School Umpling who went missing on Friday were recovered by the Delhi Police from the Railway Station of Delhi.
Zenith M Sangma recalled what he had said on other schemes in the House in the recent Synria Session. Shillong, Naiweing 19: The HANM Mawsynram Circle has demanded that the CBI should investigate the case. Shillong, Naiweing 19: The Congress party has demanded that the CBI should investigate. She expressed her deep sorrow and regret over the dispute between two villages in the Mawsynram area, Phudphan Blei under the Mawsynram Hima and Laitsohum under the Nonglwai Sirdar Ship.
These trials were essential in forming the Indian team for the 2024 ICF Canoe Slalom World Cup and Kayak Cross events, crucial qualifiers for the Paris 2024 Olympic Games.
During her visit to Shillong, she held meetings with MLAs from all districts and with MPCC leaders and other Congress parties.
Referring to the arrear of the KHADC employees, he said the government also pays the arrear of the government employees.
“Dr Mukul Sangma, this is not the first time that teachers have taken to the streets. Do you want teachers to take to the streets from time to time? “Why don't you meet them? This shows that you don't respect the teachers. How can you be a doctor without the teachers?” he asked.
Shillong, July 21: The inspection by the Survey Department of the State Government, the Shillong Municipal Board and the Ministers from the Hima Mylliem has been conducted smoothly. Despite the opposition of some people who have registered cards in the Harijan Colony.
Referring to the NPP, he said the party is still new but now it is in power in three states, Manipur, Nagaland and Meghalaya. “The Congress party is also in Meghalaya,” he said.
The union will not rest until it finds out all the facts on the implementation of the NREGS scheme in the village in the past years and until now.
In this regard, the States were urged to prepare for the distribution of food items through computers.
Banshai Marbaniang was elected as Chairman, James Kharbani as Vice Chairman, Rangsang Sohmat as Secretary, Evan Marwein Asst Secretary and Information Sect. and Rody Shanghai.
The PMSMA is a government scheme to strengthen the health services to the people of the country and every six days of the year. You will be treated in all hospitals in India.
The total number of recoveries today is 116, 30 from West Garo Hills, 29 from Ri Bhoi, 27 from East Khasi Hills, 13 from East Garo Hills, 8 from South Garo Hills, 7 from West Jaintia Hills and 7 from South West Garo Hills. 1, South West Khasi Hills 1.
The march was conducted by the Malki Youth Wing, in the presence of the people and the Rangbah Shnong of Malki, Bah HP Oflyn Dohling.
Shillong, Nailar 31: A meeting between the SRS and the Cabinet today lasted for less than three hours at the Secretariat to discuss three issues, the Village Administration Bill of the Village Administration Bill. KHADC, the work of MUDA and on government employees to hold village positions.
As part of encouraging and motivating the students who are studying in various fields, the committee also held a ceremony to honor three students who have completed the Bachelor of Science degree. Arts, from JJM Nichol College.
Shillong, Iaiong 20: One person has been tested positive for COVID-19 in East Jaintia Hills District today. Flood District.
The union is confident that the police department will be able to eradicate drugs through the cooperation of many churches.
The Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the total number of returnees to the state has reached 9,5
This request is because in these days there have been people who have come to the office of the Dorbar to ask for the names and mobile numbers of the office bearers of various Kurs, and it puts us in trouble when we do not The name or mobile number of the Dorbar Kur or Seng Kur in this country.
This is the journey of the youth to reach their 25th anniversary despite the difficulties that the youth face in their journey to preach the Gospel of the Lord who is the Savior to spread the message. It is the wise guidance of God that these young men have been able to reach this goal where all have witnessed it. 25th Anniversary of the Church of God Youth.
The Assam police have suspended the residents of Lapangap village even after the DC of West Jaintia Hills District has not informed them.
Shillong, March 2: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War today said that 231 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in the state, 183 in East Khasi Hills alone.
The President said that IIT Guwahati is a center of knowledge that can provide technological solutions to various problems of the North East.
The Seng hopes that the government will take action to address this issue of the students.
The HYC has demanded that the Meghalaya government should write to the Prime Minister, Home Minister, Law Minister of the Union Government and also to the MPs not to introduce any law to treat Indians as foreigners. Bangladesh, Pakistan and Afghanistan regardless of their religion or ethnicity.
Robinson M Areng Secretary and Bisnath K Sangma Rangbah Shnong of Nagrabil have been demanded Rs 10 crore by these robbers. The ejahar states that the names of the people are Robinson M Areng Secretary and Bisnath K Sangma Rangbah Shnong of Nagrabil. Nathil K Momin and Harkinson Marak have fled the village to Jalkhom in North Garo Hills. Police have not arrested the suspect in the murder of his son Darius Marak. pat camp until now.
A total of 83 students, 6 M.Phil students, 540 Post Graduates and 1474 Graduates will attend the ceremony while 13855 students will be absent.
The Government of Meghalaya is deeply saddened by this incident and prays that the Creator will grant rest to the soul of the deceased.
The Minister in charge of I&PR, Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh said that the progress of the state in recent years is due to the leadership of the Prime Minister, Conrad K. Sangma.
There have been 164 recoveries, 73 from East Khasi Hills and 60 from West Khasi Hills. The total number of recoveries has risen to 78,957 so far.
These documents were also issued after an RTI request. The civil society groups have doubts that there is something behind this proposal to take land for the New Shillong Township.
Enter check point (CP) 2.
This mother also works as an Asha in the village.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: Shillong Police have arrested three persons for stealing and shooting at Polo Market with the slogan of ILP. He said that these people went to eat at a shop known as a Food Joint and after eating they did not pay the food bill and they called for ILP and they allowed the owner of the shop. Balram Singh's tip.
Minister Duh said India feels that the supply of medicines is important in ensuring that people are healthy and that it is the duty of the country to help others. countries including our neighboring countries, in this fight against this disease.
The CEM of KHADC said that if such persons are found, the council has laid down a rule that they will have to pay a fine.
In this new year we must work hard together to support these residents, families who have been displaced and to give them back a life of dignity and peace.
At the public meeting, Cornad said that the Prime Minister of India has visited the North East several times to ensure that the peace process will improve in the region. forgotten decades ago.
In a statement, the DC said that those vehicles registered for All India Tourist Permit are allowed to travel from one district to another district of the state in compliance with the rules.
He said that this incident has caused fear among the people of the area when peace has started to return. He demanded that the kidnappers should release these kidnappers without injuring them. to the merchants.
“Yes, we have registered if they have names within the party, the Identity Card and we cannot say anything else.
If only the relocation of this office of PWD North Division could have improved the city of Jowai since long ago the JSU has already demanded to demand the relocation of this office and also it will not wait for you unions from Shangpung This demand of the Union is just a false claim to mislead the people of Jaintia Hills.
This threatens the future of indigenous communities and it is imperative to control the outbreak in a timely manner.
He stressed on the need for partnership between the private sector and experts as this could increase the market size to more than Rs 10 lakh crore.
Various sports including football, volleyball, basketball and others were held on this day.
S– the ksah on the shympriah hand, also known as the sahti,– the earring on the right hand,– the sohshkor on the ear,– the pyllon device made of silver. the part to cover the ground with a ring of ksai,– a strong silver that can be covered with a ksai for the purpose of making clothes.
The deceased were identified as Tanu Das, 61, from Assam, Chaya Paul, 73, from Upper Mawprem. Four cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in the state today, two cases in East Khasi Hills and two cases in East Jaintia Hills.
Regarding the police search for the KSU leaders, they demanded from the Minister of Home Affairs that the government should stop immediately and those who have been arrested should be released.
The winners of the skit competition were the students of the Department of Social Work, Martin Luther Christian University.
The new rules were responded to by the Union Minister of State for Food Distribution in the Parliament today.
On these issues, the JPMF and HANM strongly condemned the government of Dr. Mukul Sangma (CM) and all the 60 MLAs for failing to implement the ILP. part of the welfare of the native.
Shillong, Nailur 21: Police of Nongstoin Police Station today received a tip that a man identified as Bah Bose Kharbani, 25, has committed suicide at his residence in Siejlieh.
The new Executive Committee of the BJP Meghalaya includes seven State Vice Presidents, Bernard Marak (Tura City), Khrawboklang Basaiawmoit (East Khasi Hills), Dipul R Marak (South West Garo Hills), Gagan Jain (Shillong City). ), and Riya Sangma (Ri-Bhoi District).
If the Government of India does not respect the resolution of the Meghalaya Assembly, it means that the statehood is meaningless.
Perhaps it can be admitted that it starts with tipbriew tipblei and tipkur tipkha.
Shillong, Kyllalyngkot : Hundreds of trucks carrying goods including food and beverages have been detained in Mawryngkneng area since the 15th of this month. President of India in the State of Meghalaya.
In another incident, the BSF seized a large quantity of tyrkhong from Pyrdiwah village and these tyrkhong were packed in bags and smuggled into Bangladesh.
During the march from Bengal to Shillong, photographs of the 1971 war and videos were shown and many of them showed how the BSF troops worked together. and the Mukti Bahina of Bangladesh in the struggle for its independence from Pakistan.
Police investigation revealed that the vehicle was coming from Beltola to Mizoram.
The demand of the four organizations from the government to immediately repair the NH 44 is for the benefit of all those who pass through this road which connects Meghalaya and Assam. , Mizoram and Tripura.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: A special meeting was held at Raj Bahvan Shillong today to mark the 1949 Constitution Day. the day is known as “Constitution Day”.
Shillong, March 19: The office of the Superintendent of Customs, Tamabil today sent a letter to the traders smuggling coal to Bangladesh that coal has now been considered as a commodity in the market. The Custom and Central Excise Office has imposed a 10 percent advalorem or excise duty.
In the 1-Shillong (ST) Parliamentary Constituency which has nine districts and 36 Legislative Assemblies, the total number of voters in the Lok Sabha elections 2024 is 14000411 lakh, 683766 males and 6437616 females. women.
Commenting on the High Court's recognition, the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, said, “As the Minister of Home Affairs, I am pleased to see that the High Court has praised the government's decision to release 30 buses for students and office workers in July this year.
Before the MLA elections 2023, we all see that many MLAs have shown patriotism.
Baiengskhem Lyngdoh won the title of Rangkynsai and Labelfi Khyriem won the title of Lasubon of the Year 2017-1
At present, this thep mawbah in Khasi Hills has almost disappeared and the places that existed in the past have not been properly maintained.
The government has informed the civil society that it is a difficult task, but the civil society should understand that in the last few months this work has gone faster and the government intends to do so. and the civil society organizations have expressed their desire for this work to go faster and start in some places.
For the colleges which do not have a building, the government will allocate T.2 crore to provide another college.
In this regard, the department is currently seeking the opinion of the Muktiars on how to do this and after receiving the opinion of the Muktiars, it will be submitted to the EC and the the House of Representatives shall hear this report.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The Ri Bhoi Youth Organization (RBYO) has on Tuesday called on the SNSNP to stop recognizing non-Meghalaya STs as STs. the General Secretary of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Pala said, “If we come on time, we will introduce policies especially for the youth.
Speaking at the welcoming ceremony for the BJP leaders from North Shillong who joined the Congress party today, MPCC President Dr Celestine Lyngdoh said that these leaders have taken the This is the right time for India and Meghalaya to look in the right direction.
He said the government has already introduced amendments in the Lokayukta where the government appointed the Chairman last year and this has worked, but now it has set up a Search Committee to appoint the Chairman. to the members of the Lokayokta.
Their efforts are to raise awareness on how to fight against violence against women.
The Prime Minister said that there should be no place for peace in the work because many things have to be done and urged that there should be a high-level committee to look into this matter. From all sides, to achieve this goal, many things need to be done as there will be up to 32 Olympic sports and five non-Olympic sports.
Samla Daniel Khyriem said that the spread of various crimes in the villages and in the country as a whole is unspeakable in these days.
During the meeting, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, besides the issues related to Meghalaya, also spoke on many issues related to the North East as a whole.
“There are tens of thousands of SSA teachers who have completed the D.El examination.
On the same day, they also distributed fish seeds brought from Hungary to India in 2008 in Bangalore and before they were distributed. Isawanda Laloo SDO Amlarem in the presence of BDO Amlarem Budsuk Sungoh, Fishery Officer Amlarem Ma Selan Challam, Rangbah Shnong and fishermen. at the same time these seeds were distributed to all the fish farms in the area.
The total number of cases has risen to 48, 42 have recovered, one has died and the number of those undergoing treatment has risen to
Answering questions, the CEM of GHADC said that the CEMs of the three District Councils in the state have decided to meet together to discuss this issue if the government is delaying the release of this money.
“I have made it clear to the MLA that to cooperate with the Government there is no problem, if the Government runs it will benefit the village.
The Odisha Urban Academy is a partner in education.
The number of voters aged 19 years and above is 1,490,010 and this is 95.1% and including these new entrants the total number of voters in the upcoming MP election will be 1,553,0
During these three days, the youth will discuss many issues related to the community.
Sancley said that some of the members of NEIMA have passed away and some of them have left and some are joining again this month.
The BJP alone has won more than 272 MPs and its allies have won more than
The Rotary Club Groups that participated in the event were IWC Shillong, Rotaract Club Pine City and Rotaract Club Women's.
He stressed on the need to do jobs responsibly and said that steps have been taken to develop new jobs to support more income from jobs related to the jobs. haw haw.
Also present on the occasion were Mariang MDC Equador Nongrang, Mawthadraishan MDC Blanding Warjri and Hima Chief Pa'im Prestar Syiemlieh.
PC Isawanda Laloo, IAS District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills District, has announced that it is strictly prohibited to use fishing methods that harm underwater species in the Umngot and Umlew rivers. Illegal burning of forest in these villages is also prohibited in East Khasi Hills District.
Therefore, the loud voice of the latlat who are urging with a strong spirit to revive the nation can only be heard if we strongly encourage our fellow citizens to cleanse their minds and hearts by asking them. Heartfelt sympathy for the community, the future generations of the children.
The Principal and the teacher did not release the child because they did not recognize the two foreigners.
Referring to the agriculture sector, she said that the use of water through the irrigation system should be carefully monitored. She said that even the private sector should take part in this regard. praise the state government.
The time should be used well in the next 10 years and therefore there should be a discussion and proposal of various ideas for the good of these 10 years.
The festival is to mark the 50th anniversary of bilateral relations between the two neighboring countries of India and Bhutan.
To avoid excessive stress, anxiety, depression, illness and others.
At this meeting, the union has put forward five demands that MeECL should do, to replace all the old transformers with new ones, to appoint more linesmen as full time employees. MeECL should verify that the meters in the households are suitable for use.
Master Abhishek Hajong, son of Dr.Maloy Hajong, , Dalu CHC.Dr.Apchan A.Sangma,  Mahendraganj CHC.Dr.Bandi Sangina, , Dagal PHC.Dr.Linhain Ch Sangina, DM & HO, East Garo Hills.
The District Magistrate said that this was done within the powers of Section
Shillong, Lber 26: The Budget Session of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) will start on Tuesday, 28th of this month. According to sources close to the Congress party, the budget session of the JHADC will start on Tuesday and it is expected that the budget session of the JHADC will start on Tuesday. The EC has passed a motion of no confidence in the EC led by the Congress party.
“If NHIDCL cannot complete the Phase-IV and Phase-II roads, we have made it clear that the NHIDCL authorities have expressed unacceptable reasons. ," he said.
In the competition for the title of cleanest hospital in Group B, NEIGRIHMS won the title of cleanliness followed by AIIMS Bhuneshwar, NIMHANS Bangalore and AIIMS Rishikesh.
The Prime Minister said that if the Tenancy Bill will be able to stop the influx of foreign authorities, then those who say so should suggest what else can be done better for the Tenancy Bill.
The Commission will complete its report on the shooting death of Fullmoon Dhar on November 7 this year.
In order to strengthen and smooth the work of the Group, the Meeting also decided to re-elect the Office Bearers of the Working Committee of CoMSo. Shillong, November 23: The Ministry of Education today appointed Prof. Prabha Shankar Shukla as the Vice Chancellor of the North Eastern Hills University Shillong.
The meeting also directed the SBI to allocate more funds to the Postal Department of the Central Government.
Shillong, June 26: A Bolero (ML-05F-4534) of the Assam Riffle has collided with two children at Laitkor. The children were injured and taken to Civil Hospital Shillong. .
The Government of India should rely on the UN to resolve ethnic conflicts such as in Kosovo, South Sudan, Scotland or even in Colombia which is the result of the vote of the Colombians against the FARC. plebiscite.
This struggle between the French and Kiangnangbah was a struggle for liberation from the tyrannical rule of the French and this struggle against the French was not easy.
Ronnie said that they also discussed the MDC elections, MP elections at this meeting, they also discussed the MP elections as a party how to move forward to prepare. It is not surprising that some MDCs and MLAs did not attend the meeting.
The newly appointed leaders are Balajied Pohlong President, Ksanbor Pohtam Vice President, Subha L Rymbui General Secretary, Kolet Tang Asst General Secretary, Fullmoon Pohlong Finance Secretary and about that member.
Shillong, July 04: The North East Students Union (NSU) has sent a petition to the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, through the Governor of Meghalaya, V. Shanmuganathan.
He also received the Martand Singh Memorial Award 2021 of INTACH, a cash prize of T.1 lakh in the Handicraft Category from the Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (INTACH), New Delhi.
During the meeting with the District authorities of West Khasi Hills, the Seng was to discuss these issues.
According to Bah Kharbuli, the foreign participants include from Uttar Pradesh, Delhi, Mumbai, Kerala and Haryana.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: NEHU today held a ceremony to award 15955 students who have completed their studies from PhD to Bachelors Degree from 1st June 2021 to 1st June
He recalled sending a laboratory to a country that had difficulty testing Indians stranded there.
On the other hand, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, the Police Department and the Social Welfare Department have worked together to curb drug abuse and trafficking in the state.
: At a meeting held at the Umroi Pyllun Dorbar Hall, the people of Umroi Constituency have decided to nominate Bah MD Syiem as an independent candidate for the MDC election 2014 to be held on months to come.
The JAC urges the government to involve Borghat village in this land improvement project. The letter was signed by JSU President Jerson Shylla, JYF President OL Tariang and JYF President OL Tariang. Shillong, Jymmang 09: A mother identified as Youwanka Sohbar, 29, of Shallang village has gone missing from her home with two children. my son.
All the speakers said that if Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland and Mizoram can implement the project, what is the problem in Meghalaya?
Throughout the state, the government has made progress in terms of planting for better production, training in harvesting, pricing and related activities. the market for their productions".
The two GNLA members were identified as Sengsan R Marak and Sentone K Marak, both from Resubelpara.
It may be recalled that the same proposal had come in the BJP government but after the collapse of the BJP government in Delhi it remained in place and now this proposal has come again.
Dr Mukul said that this stingy count of the government cannot be tolerated and the CLP strongly condemns this incident and the way the government has worked in the fight. against this phenomenon.
in Mathematics he received the Chancellors Medal of Excellence for his First Class First pass and set records in his studies at Punjabi University.
Minister Duh spoke about the law since the time of the British which prohibited the people of Arunachal Pradesh from cultivating siej and told them about the steps taken by the Government to repeal this law. .
The swearing-in ceremony was led by the president of the party, Bah Pyndapborthiaw Saibon.
Therefore, on these grounds, the Seng stands against and demands that the State Government should not listen to the demands of some selfish people.
He said more NDRF teams should be deployed to ensure the reconnection of roads, communication and electricity.
Another issue discussed was the market regulation of the council, where it was decided to implement the Market Regulation Act have their own authority to look after the markets within the boundary of the council.
These candidates were accompanied by their parents, relatives and supporters.
The main purpose of the KSU Mawprem Circle to distribute these copies is also to encourage the students who come from poor families who wish to continue their dreams of further education.
This incident happened at Mawlai Umjiur at 8 pm and unidentified persons set fire to the vehicle of the SDO of the PWD Building in Nongstoin. .
Government has a leading role but not alone.
Referring to Meghalaya, Dr. DS Rao said that Mawshun from Meghalaya is good for mining but it is too far away and the cost of transportation is too high. Mawhun is the state's largest steel factory in the state.
Alleging that there will be a lot of tension within the BJP this time, Bah Pala said, “They are disappointed this time.
It is also prohibited to post posters or any image of any political party in public places without permission from the relevant authorities.
The States have been directed to implement the PM Garib Kalyan Yojana within next month.
The political parties that have already announced their candidates are the GNC, UDP, HSPDP, KHNAM and PDF. The NPP, BJP and Congress are the leading parties which have not yet announced their candidates.
Shillong, Lber 07: There are 140 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in the state, 29 cases in hospitals, 3 cases in East Garo Hills, East Garo Hills. Khasi Hills 18, Ri Bhoi 2, South Garo Hills 1, West Garo Hills 1, West Jiantia Hills 4 cases.
Looking at these problems of this family and as we have seen with our own eyes that this family is facing difficulties in providing for their needs especially when many of their children are young and cannot earn enough to provide you ing you sem.
The minister apprised of the ongoing search & rescue efforts at Nongpriang, relief measures and restoration works in all the districts.
In the coming days, people will receive their job confirmations from the Government from time to time.
In this regard, the union strongly condemns the SDO of PWD and JE PWD together with the contractor for not taking the Suidniew and passing by the Union Rangbah Shnong Khatarshnong without informing that the foreign workers have been brought.
These award winners have passed the HSSLC Commerce and Arts Stream examination.
Other members of the Government from Lengpui Airport, Aizawl, Mizoram attended the opening ceremony of these airports.
In addition, there is also a Pilot Project to support intelligent students, girls and college and school students from poor families.
Dr. Ampareen said she was surprised to see that the volunteers receive high salaries.
Jyotipriya Bhattacharjee, St.Margarets Higher Secondary School, Shillong, got second place with 570 marks and distinction in English, Mathematics, Science & Technology, Social Science, Health and Physical Education and Alternative. English.
In Tura, the State Disaster Response Team has assisted the district authorities to clean up the fire debris caused by the cyclone at Members' Hostel Junction, Tura on the morning of 28th July, The team also cleaned up the trees that have fallen into the electrical signs near Gandrak Dare, Upper Chandmary, Tura.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: Police of Ri Bhoi District today on receiving a tip that a vehicle with people inside it suspected to be drug traffickers, conducted a search operation all night and arrested four people.
Statement by the President of Nartiang Circle.
This is not the first time but almost every year before the rainy season the residents have to sit in darkness for days and months.
In another incident, police have arrested Bah Batskhem Pala of Polo for causing trouble at the Puja Pandal.
“The KSU has received information regarding the MBBS quota for Meghalaya through the State Quota, there are many other ethnic groups who have entered the Open Category.
School children who took part in the march carried placards reading, “Stop the bloodshed in Manipur”, “Eye for eye will destroy the world” “Peace now, Peace tomorrow” , let us not drown the world in sorrow" “let us embrace the beauty of each culture and faith to breed peace" “stop the war"
Shillong, June 02: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today inspected the Gonol Hydel Power Project in West Garo Hills District. in April this year.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: The Hima Khyriem has requested the leaders of KSU, HNYF, FKJGP, JSU, GSU, JYF, AJYWO, CSWO, KWADA, AIGO, RBYF, HANM and other political parties to Please release the protests at the Nongkrem Festival.
The EC has also decided to introduce the Appointment and Succession of Chiefs and Headman Bill 2022, regarding the Hima Mylliem, which is an amendment to the rule, which is to allow the Hima Mylliem Rule 2022, which is to allow the appointment of temporary Rangbah Shnong.
Spillity Lyngdoh Langrin passed away on 29/10/2020 and was the owner of a uranium mine in Doniasiat. does not provide land for uranium mining.
Bah Lambok Nongrang, Chairman of C&RD Block Mairang was the chief guest at the program with explanatory speeches and encouragement to the students.
At present, the world flower market is very large and even India still buys flowers from other countries of the world.
He said that after the video appeared on his YouTube channel, he felt like a thief and immediately lodged a complaint with the Cyber ​​Crime Unit of the Meghalaya Police. get to do what you don't have to do.
Each player had to fight four times to qualify for the final and most of the bouts were decided by all the judges.
He said that all this has been prepared and that the Government of India will come up with the implementation.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: U Bah Titosstawel Chyne, Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today inaugurated the first tourist attraction at Maraikaphone Village in Sohra. 2.85 crore rupees.
If it is said that it is the land of the Municipal, they must show the documents, the boundary.
The Social Welfare Department also distributed the training to the women.
Shillong, Lber 15: Answering a question by Syntar Klas Sunn MLA regarding the Mawphlang Balat Road, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, said that The government has already sent the scheme to the Road Construction Department of the Union Government and is now awaiting the approval of the Central Government.
Through the establishment of the National Medical Commission for the promotion of education in the field of medicine in the country.
On the other hand, the AO has accepted that this letter is unfounded and has not been received as a complaint.
The Vice President of India was speaking at a function to mark the 100th birth anniversary of former Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Dr M Channa Ready. I was born in Hyderabad.
The release of Bah Marbaniang on bail was after the signing of a bond of 40,000 tyngka. The union congratulates the honorable court for granting bail despite the police's arrest. charged under Sections 104 and 353 of the Indian Penal Code.
The tournament will start on 29th November 2018 in Navi Mumbai and will end on 07th July
Referring to the convening of the meeting of the Congress Legislative Party, the Working President said that she has not yet received any information. :yes'>  president said that till today  she has not idea , only when Mr Lapang  come back then they will know what is the outcome from the  meeting with the AICC  Presdient.
The Ministry of Petroleum has addressed the problems related to the operation of petrol pumps.
The statement was made on the delay in enacting Acts and Rules of Kur, Shnong, Raid and Hima Dorbars in Khasi and Jaintia Hills Districts.
What we have found in South West Khasi Hills District is that the Director of School Education and Literacy has not followed the NCTE Norms.
The opposition to the railway line is because there are no adequate laws to prevent the illegal entry of Mynder into the state till date.
On the other hand, the employees of EMRI said that there are many shortcomings in the work and on the other hand, the employees demanded that the government should take over and remove GVK.U. Karraswai said that this time they will not listen but they will continue to demand that the government should pass their demand, so that there will be no confusion.
: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek today inaugurated the Mawkynrew Primary Health Center.
In a statement sent by the president of the union, Samla Rolan, he said that when asked by the employees, many of these timber factories do not have the necessary documents. this is factory beain.
No. CP 4.
The public who will attend the funeral services are also requested to bring their vehicles in their vehicles to identify those who come.
The Government has allocated funds for the construction of the Residential School in April, October 2015 and the building has been completed within 24 months. 2016 and was completed on schedule but till now these two projects have not been implemented or opened to the public.
Similarly, PMKSKs are central hubs for information, sharing of information on agricultural products and Government schemes.
The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Bah Sylvester Nongtnger, in a statement sent to the media, said that the fire broke out at a marjot shop on Keating Road while the employees were trying to pick up the shop. color with smoking.
At 12 o'clock they will leave Mynkoi Pyrdi to go to Iawmusiang and all the religious places.
The District Magistrate, West Jaintia Hills, Bah BS Sohliya has enforced Section 144 CrPC against the gathering of more than 100 people in these villages. you are five years old.
In view of this price, State Governments, private hospitals, factories and others will be able to purchase medicines from pharmaceutical manufacturers.
In a letter sent by the CCIB to the CEM of JHADC, the group said that the NOC has already been submitted by the former CEM of JHADC Bah Thombor Shiwat to the DC of JHADC. West Jaintia Hills District in connection with the snowfall.
After the annual Shad Suk Mynsiem at Madan Weiking, other Khasi organizations held a Suk Mynsiem Shad at Weiking.
Ripnar Lyngdoh, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, in her speech as the chief guest, said, “Young people, don't get involved in drugs because it destroys your humanity. mentally and physically and spiritually.
Shillong, Lber 28: Meghalaya Police today recovered a vehicle which allegedly went missing on the 22nd of this month, from Riatsohshrieh near Umnongrim on the road to Mawsynram.
Shillong, March 16: The Chief Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, Bah DP Wahlang, Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Kong RM Kurbah and officials of the Disaster Management Department today visited the house which collapsed in Police Bazar at Police Station Road.
But something (beyond) we cannot prove.
We are working hard to enhance supply chain systems and ensure that all PLHIV attending the centers receive the medications they need.
“I have seen the progress of the work and it is very pleasant and if there is no COVID-19, the work would have been only 10 or 12 months left to complete.
New Delhi, June 02: The Election Commission of India (ECI) today released the 'Myth vs. Reality Register' as part of the ongoing Lok Sabha elections
In a letter sent to Judge Katakey, Flaming wrote that the illegal mining of coal is still going on, which shows that the Meghalaya government has not taken action to stop the mining. illegal coal has affected the environment.
Shillong, July 12: The National Highway Infrastructure Development Corporation (NHIDCL) has suspended the construction of the Baghmara-Khatphra road in Ranikor, South West Khasi Hills District. Lailat is located in the district of South West Khasi Hills.
He said that all those who went to the KHADC office on that day were involved in the destruction of the office, and the search for these perpetrators will continue until the police arrest them. and to punish according to law.
Shillong, Nailar 04: The Central Executive Council (CEC) of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has decided to add more members to the CEC as part of the meeting held on 29th July to strengthen and improve the work of the party to serve the Jaidbynriew.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today launched 207 electric vehicles to carry synrum in the villages under the Swach scheme of the central government. Bharat Mission, these vehicles will be distributed to four districts, East Jaintia Hills, Eastern West Khasi Hills, East Khasi Hills and West Jaintia Hills.
"Some of the highlights of this song are, The inspiring lyrics of this song are written by renowned filmmaker, Subhash Ghhai in collaboration with Whistling Woods International School of Music, Mumbai .
Shillong, July 31: U Bah Adelbert Nongrum MLA of 17-Shillong North today visited the scene of the bomb blast at Police Bazar.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: The Cabinet meeting today decided to appeal to the Supreme Court against the decision of the Meghalaya High Court on the appointment of teachers. state education department.
“whoever goes into space tries to see his country first, but, it soon becomes clear that there is no border between countries and the whole world is one family in which our future you are one.
Media sources close to the Congress party said that Dr Joshi will meet with party officials from districts to MPCC office bearers and there will also be a private meeting with MLAs to listen to the MPCC office bearers. you are theirs.
(SP News)Surprisingly, he has also brought the Red Morouga Scorpion pepper, which is the world's largest pepper in the year 2012-1 The main purpose of this project is to encourage the youth to stand on their own feet because the Horticulture Nongpoh has provided schemes to encourage the youth to set up their own feet. claim.
Shillong, Iaiong 25: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that 1196 samples have been sent for testing so far and 1097 of them have tested negative and are awaiting results. there are 60 of them.
This was discovered when the government used the app to track those who returned.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The deadline for Aadhaar registration has been extended till 31st November 2017. The Supreme Court of India will hold another hearing on November The MPCA urges the government and all government departments, educational institutions and private companies not to use tricks to force people to apply for Aadhar.
The PM KISAN Scheme provides assistance of T.6000 per annum to all farmers.
The partnership will help strengthen links between the film industry and educational institutions through provision for scholarships, internships, masterclasses, and other opportunities for Film and Television Institute students of India and Satyajit Ray Film and Television Institute of India.
Eight people were killed and 25 others injured in the incident. The rescue operation will continue. The incident happened only 10 km from New Jalpaiguri station.
Therefore, the union and the fish vendors have decided to meet the Commissioner of Food Safety today for more clarification.
To prevent the spread of the disease, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has introduced changes in the testing of those who come to the state especially those 11 states where they have to be tested by RTPCR test or those who come back have to be tested. to show a certificate of completion of the test within 72 hours.
On this occasion, the village council led by Bah Don War and other village officials who were present to welcome the arrival of these doctors and staff who are the residents of Mission village. Compound Shillong.
“We have expressed that the introduction of this bill is urgent and only a copy of the bill has been received before the start of the special session,” he said.
The NEP-2020 will help to improve education in Meghalaya as the current policy will help to strengthen the indigenous knowledge and produce new technology.
On the other hand, the Sordars and Village Leaders expressed their gratitude to the MLA for his ability to look after the needy families and to deliver the foodgrains to the affected families. problems with those who have no money.
He said that after holding the Farmers Parliament, the party has strengthened its foundation to work for the farmers and this year the party will hold a Farmers Parliament in Garo Hill to hear. the problems of the farmers of Garo Hill.
Regarding the traffic jam in Shillong, the government has taken action to fight against this traffic jam, this cannot be done like this because there are many things to do, the government There are three parts that need to be done to avoid this traffic jam.
He or she shall not be eligible to be members of the District Council. If they are citizens of India, they shall not be less than 25 years of age, they shall be nationals and shall be from The Khasi or Jaintia community shall be a voter in the constituency and if not convicted under any law relating to the election.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: Speaking at the awarding ceremony organized by the Meghalaya Editors and Publishers Association (MEPA) today at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, U George B Lyngdoh MLA of Umroi, on Tuesday said that the villagers of Umroi They are still finding it difficult to know about the schemes of the government.
The purpose of this training is to encourage the people to practice fertilizer-free farming and the benefits to the community of this farming method.
u Desous Pohshna (INC) of Narpuh,4.
Not only that, the presence of an ADO Office (Circle) in Wahkaji or Umdohlun area will enable the government authorities to provide special assistance schemes to the farmers in this area who have been abandoned by the government.
Pynshngian acknowledged what the opposition leader said that there is no need to amend the AD Rule to avoid these misunderstandings. because they have to follow the rule.
The curfew will not apply to the army, police, MeECL employees, those in health centres, food distribution department, media, petrol pumps, gas stations, municipal, information channels, grocery stores and pharmacies.
Although the police have suspected the suspects in the robbery according to the statement of the mother, no arrest has been made at the time of writing. run.
On this occasion, he expressed his gratitude to the youth leaders of the marynthing for their efforts to preserve the traditional date of Hynniewtrep through the age of technology. These are the benefits to the community and especially the organization of such a traditional Khasi costume competition by saying that such competitions bring great benefits because the winners can showcase their own culture. riam you beat traditional.
The most important thing is to turn the Padu State Dispensary into a Public Health Center as this Dispensary has been serving since 1970 to each of the villages under this Dispensary. The Dispensary has been closed due to the lack of equipment.
The KSU Nartiang Circle in this meeting expressed its strong opposition to the illegal construction of the BOB by the Assam Government at Saba Village, West Jaintia Hills District.
HNYF Mariang Sub Division Circle urges the police not to release the doctor on bail and to prosecute him under the provisions of POCSO, said Gerald Warjri Vice President of HNYF Mariang.
In the final, St Anthony's College led by Christina Themsingphi AS and Debashish Kakati became the winners while KL Bajoria College led by Dondor Nongrum and Kenneth Lalringlien came second. Shillong Law College, Shillong Law College.
Rtn Vivek Kumar, in charge of the Hariyali Project, said that this is to preserve the environment and to achieve this, we need to work together. earth.
The Bishop of Nongstoin Diocese, Rev Victor Lyngdoh, while speaking to reporters, expressed his regret over the insult to the head of the church.
The President of the HYC, u la ong, “As the farmers who plant 1000 grams of rice can harvest shiphew or 100 khoh later and if we elect rulers in the wrong way, it will produce more than 40 or 100 rulers. .
It was also decided to extend the term of office of the officer at Meghalaya House Guwahati by terminating the contract.
Answering additional questions, Prestone said that due to lack of land for the construction of the bridge, the bridge has had to be moved further down the road. to say.
The Seng wishes Bah Risingbor Kurkalang a healthy body and to continue to grow in his daily life.
Shillong, Jymmang, 4: An article against Khasi women and girls which has appeared on the website of Loopoocoo is against the entire nation.
During this treatment, the public was also informed about mental illness, death of mothers in childhood, to prevent chronic diseases and to prevent anemia, diabetes and The National Health Mission, Meghalaya (NHS) has launched a campaign to raise awareness on childhood poverty at Pomlakrai village.
We have written a letter to the PHE department but they have not responded,” he said.
The awards were distributed by the Minister of State for Education, Deborah Marak. In her speech as the chief guest, she said that the students at this time should no longer rely on the Reservation Policy because this may disappear at any time, but they should instill in them the spirit of competition.
At this meeting, it was informed that this year the government has decided to assist 9 colleges. If approved, next year the Engineering College in Shillong and the Architecture College will be opened. In Tura, the government has taken steps to ensure that students can study in their own state.
At this meeting, they signed a letter explaining the reasons why they oppose the government's plan to build a dam on the Umngot River. those who live upstream of this river live on tourism.
Shillong June 12: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) in a statement sent today urged the state government to release the arrested KSU leaders. said Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw Publicity Secretary, HNLC in a statement sent to the media. today.
The resort also has its own website where people can check out the place.
The payment of the money to these lights was on 11/Lber/ 2019 but the money has not been paid since then but with the action of the commission it has been paid. to provide this assistance.
Referring to the permit to mine coal, the Chief Minister said that if the coal mining area exceeds 150 hectares, a permit must be obtained from the Ministry of Environment and Forest of the Union Government.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the father said that they have already lodged a complaint with the Tura Police Station.
The Government has urged the public to refrain from giving financial assistance to the insurgents. Deputy Commissioner, Superintendent of Police, or in the State Police.
The Meghalaya Healthcare Association (MHA) has also decided to stop distributing medicines from its warehouses to vendors or to the public on the 10th of this month. this month.
This is the birthday of the former Prime Minister of India Atal Behri Vajpayee. middle.
There are 80 recoveries, 95648 tests, 93345 recoveries, 1 death today. The death toll has risen to 1607 in East Garo Hills.
In his public service, he won the mid-term MLA elections in 1990-1993. He was also a former MP of the Rajya Sabha from 2002-2 St Anthony's High School, he also taught part-time at St.Xavier's Mumbai.
After the 43rd meeting of the GST Council on 28.05.2021, the Central Government has decided to borrow up to T 1.59 lakh crore in 2021-22 and release it to the States and UTs with Legislative Assemblies in back-to-back to compensate for the shortfall in compensation due to the shortfall in the Compensation Fund.
When we see that there are challenges, before we take a decision, we invite the groups to a meeting to discuss.
Shri Swapnil Tembe IAS, Director of Schools & Literacy was the chief guest in the presence of the District Sports Officer, East Khasi Hills, Bah O.Sh. Officers of the Ministry of Sports and others.
When necessary, we have demonstrated our strength and have clearly demonstrated that we can protect this unity and the rights of the country.
The State Government, on the other hand, has thrown a big stick in which it will eliminate government jobs from now on as the number of government employees increases.
Shillong, Naitung 11: U Minister of Home Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh in a meeting with members of the KSU South West Khasi Hills District to discuss the kidnapping of people from Nongjri area by Bangladeshis. The Minister of Home Affairs said that on Tuesday he has summoned the Inspector General of BSF in charge of the Eastern Frontier to discuss these incidents.
This is not the first time that prisoners have escaped from the hands of the police this year but it is the third time. Women have been raped and a GNLA cadre has escaped from Tura jail.
Speaking to reporters, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh said that their visit to this place is not to blame the present government or the old government but the important thing is to come and see this place. place to understand and at the same time to see those powers to pump water from this place.
These two dills are related to allegations of misuse in the implementation of schemes under the Border Area Development Program implemented through the Forest and Environment Department.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The State Disaster Response Force (SDRF) today continues to search for the body of Bah Marshall Marwein. you are old.
There is also a need to make Nicotine Replacement Therapy (NRT) affordable and accessible to all so that it can be a support for those who want to quit.
Students especially those who have passed and prepared for matriculation don't know anything about him.
These residential buildings constructed at a cost of over T 3400 crore will benefit more than 2 lakh people.
“We need to show the best so that they will leave with a pleasant memory which will help to promote and develop Meghalaya as a destination for tourism, employment and Up to 28 startups in the Space Economy will attend the conference and will exhibit their work outside the conference.
The Prime Minister spoke about the 2 crore Lakhpatididi which is to encourage 2 crore mothers to participate in SHGs or Anganwadi Lakhpatis.
Shillong, July 09: Employees of Ya Enterprise in Motphran today found that the skylight of the mobile manufacturing plant has been broken and many mobile phones have been lost.
Secretary, Bah Pyniar L.Mawlong congratulates and bless Silviana L.Mawlong for her selection to the Studio Round where she will receive the Silver Wing on the 7th Jan 2014 in Kolkata. I will attend the Mega Audition in Mumbai.
The exhibition will also feature photographs of freedom fighters from the North East who have not appeared in the world despite sacrificing their lives for the independence of India. .
On the other hand, the Director of Commerce & Industries, Bah W Langstang, said that he has already submitted his report to the government about a month ago and now it is up to the government to take a decision.
The armed group has demanded that the government should grant amnesty to all the leaders of the group, otherwise the group can withdraw from the peace talks.
Shillong, Nailar 10: Many of the residents of Shillong have complained that many of them have not received the subsidy due to lack of Aadhar number.
MSSASA feels that NIOS is an autonomous institution under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Human Resource Development (MHRD) of the Union Government and the Chairman of NIOS in Noida, Uttar Pradesh Dr. Chandra Bhushan Sharma has not been able to resolve the issue.
The Chief Minister said that the 15Finance Commission is the reason why the state government is trying to talk to the central government for its District Councils. state.
On the rights of Khasi women, to maintain the customs and traditions of the Khasi people, to strengthen the Dorbar Shnong, Raid and Hima, the land and the resources, the organization said that Para 12(A) of the Sixth Schedule should be repealed because it prevents the District Council,” he said.
The Deputy Commissioner has directed all the officers elected to conduct the elections to comply with all the rules and regulations as laid down by the Election Commission of India.
He said that the festival will feature traditional dance, traditional games, traditional food and other activities.
Employees of the area said that two young men came in an Auto Rickshaw and removed the old crosses to replace them with new ones.
He said that Maitshaphrang has the aim to bring about unity as a nation so that our future generations will know the unity.
Secretary Shngainlut L Nonglait, Asst General Secretary Lobersun Nongsiej and other officials.
At this meeting, Pala said that as the president of the MPCC, he will not be from the party, but there are qualified party members. Bah James Lyngdoh, Mrs. Amapreen who are the Working President and others who are experienced in the work.
In Sohra, the KSU South East Khasi Hills District (KSU) has gathered in Sohra to protest against the KSU's involvement in the incident in Ichamati. Lurshai Hynniewta and written on the banners are Bengalis from Bangladesh.
The Minister expressed his satisfaction with this achievement and said that the people of Meghalaya have made good use of the schemes of the Government and have benefited fully from the schemes like MGNREGA and NRLM. spoke about the benefits of the Swamitva Yojana which aims to provide certification of land ownership in rural areas using modern technology.
The Director of Health Services (DHS) today held a speech to the media to explain to the public regarding the COVID-19 positive case.
The State Government has taken note of the problem faced by the doctors to talk to the Central Government. The Director of the Hospital has also sent letters to the Central Government to resolve the issue. Therefore, the doctors should resolve this issue by meeting their demands as this will affect the patients.
It is sad to see that the government and the people are struggling during the time of Amit Paul but when our brothers and sisters bring greater glory, the government can sleep.
Speaking on the Cluster Development Program (MSE-CDP), the Director said that the central government not only provides financial assistance to the clusters but also provides assistance in terms of needs such as the establishment of common facility centres. (CFC), equipment storage facilities, maintenance facilities, equipment testing facilities, training facilities and research and development facilities.
The police used to harass the members of the party but we don't do that but if they continue the time will come when we will think differently.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that so far 223 people have been arrested for failing to provide documents.
From Sotuh West Khasi Hills, Zenith Sangma, Clemet Marak and Deborah CH Marak won.
We will also take up this issue in a face-to-face meeting with the Prime Minister.
The Prime Minister said that his government is now looking for ways and means to create jobs for the youth through the Chief Minister Employment Scheme.
According to his statement, the Ri Bhoi District Police have sent him to a hidden place and the arrested person has taken him to Ranibari where he was seized from the forest in the presence of witnesses. At 1.05 pm, the police arrested the suloi.
The preparations for this shad have been in progress and the playing of the kisng ki dhah at the Seng Hall in Mawkhar has been going on every day in preparation for the shad Suk Mynsiem which has been held every year. years in the field.
Shillong, July 23: Police of South West Khasi Hills District today conducted a check on vehicles on the border with Bangladesh as part of the search operation ahead of the Republic Day celebrations. It’s 2022 Day.
“This is the sacred place of democracy which gives India's message to the world,” he said, adding, “This new Parliament combines preparation with reality, the policy to achievement, determination to implementation and the goal of siddhi"
Our companies and entrepreneurs can expand into foreign markets.
The draft Bill, 2013 was introduced to fight against the illegal entry of foreigners into Meghalaya.
The JSM said that the JHADC's complaint is that the office has violated the Prevention of Insults to National Honors Act
In the current budget, the KHADC has not allocated any funds for the education department.
By doing this, he can find out how many poor mothers are in danger in the area under his supervision so that he can remind them to come for testing to see if they can give birth safely. children that.
The Cabinet also approved the Draft Motor Accident Tribunal on the directives of the Supreme Court and the Delhi High Court.
Many of the civil society organizations also took part in the celebration held at Nongkhlaw village in West Khasi Hills which is the village of Tirot Singh in the presence of the Hima authorities.
MAUW strongly condemns this action of the village and demands from the government and especially from the health department to provide protection to the workers. ASHA because they are forcibly violated and removed from time to time.
He said that all the states will be connected to Delhi by rail.
We have seen electric posts standing in Nongtnger Village but as the union we express our surprise why the government has not been able to do anything to fulfill the requirements in this regard.
From Jammu to Gujarat, there are 96 crore Hindus.
“The entire North East can witness Modi's vision of guarantees through the development projects implemented here,” he said.
Shillong, Nailur 01: The Director General of Police (DGP) Dr Laijia Ram Bishnoi today said that all police departments in the state have been directed to be vigilant against the presence of Jihadi militants.
The Meghalaya Police have worked hard to ensure that the drug traffickers do not have access to these drugs. against those who do evil.
With the increase in the number of residents and the emergence of new houses, the village has needed to have colored roads to make it easier for the people to travel.
Regarding the history of the school, Bah Arkuis Rynniaw, one of the members of the Managing Committee, explained that the school was started in
Dr. Paul also praised the Village Health Councils (VHCs) and said that they have been able to transform the health sector.
He said that the AmritKalashYatra will be held, bringing soil from all parts of the country in 7500 kalash to build the AmritVatika in Delhi.
The growth of tourism activities in the region depends on pilgrimage-related tourism activities.
At this meeting it was said that from Meghalaya too there were great men who fought against the British for independence, such as Kiang Nangbah, Tirot Singh Syiem and Pa Togan Sangma.
The total number of injured in the accident is 13, 9 from Tura, 12 from Williamnagar, 21 persons. The team has been called to rescue the dead and rescue the injured. Shillong, Nailur 23: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that SDRF has tested positive for COVID-1 There are 263 cases in Ri Bhoi, 89 cases in West Khasi Hills and 69 cases in West Khasi Hills.
The HYC also urged the DC to order the shops to post the prices of food items in front of their shops and the district authorities to punish those who do not post the prices of food items in front of their shops. They should also close down all the shops that violate the law.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: Police today admitted that they have identified the name of a woman who died at GS Road Mawiongrim on the morning of
The residents of this area have been waiting for this road to reach their village so that they can escape from carrying their produce by head to Mawsynram market.
The union has spoken on this issue because many of the farmers in the state are taking land and these farmers who do not own their own land but are engaged in agriculture do not get It is for this reason that the union will talk to the government to look after these farmers.
There was also the distribution of relief materials, training materials to the youth and students with disabilities and prizes to the winners of the Mini Sports tournament organized by NIEPMD. Chennai in collaboration with Bethany Society, Shillong.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: The Headmaster of Mid Changdong Nongsyllei Secondary School, Lawbyrtun, Bah Fairson K Jana, has decided to lodge a complaint with the State Election Department against the SDO (Civil) of Mairang. who were elected in the last MLA elections.
Many of the elders of the village and the workers of the Congress party were present to witness the ceremony. traditional musician.
Their wish is that there should be a closer relationship between the factories and the villagers.
In recognition of the role and responsibility of the media in promoting Yoga in India and abroad, the I&B department launched the first Antarashtriya Yoga Diwas Media Summit (AYDMS) in July,
Crucial to this is the participation of people in G20 programmes.
PM addressing the gathering at the inauguration of the first-ever National Training Conclave at the International Exhibition and Convention Centre, in Pragati Maidan, New Delhi on June 11, 2023.
There are eight cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District, three in Ri Bhoi District and two in West Jaintia Hills. you are healthy.
The government has taken a decision to clean up the light bill remaining to the light production companies and the government has taken this step and it is also necessary that MeECL does not have to bring about any changes in the light bill. you are working.
The Minister congratulated the state authorities for achieving 88 per cent recovery rate in the hospitals.
The complaint was filed on 13 October
The loss of forests, household trees, animals and fish.
The BSF troops have been searching more and more places where the smugglers are sending the smuggled goods to Bangladesh. BSF inspection of newly used smuggling sites.
It is to be recalled that the government had tried to implement the project from Tetelia to Byrnihat but the union has rejected this proposal by strongly opposing and suspending the project in
The bodies were buried in a cave in Rongmil area.
She said that all the decisions and suggestions they have expressed will be sent to the government for action.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced that the general election for the Lok Sabha elections in Meghalaya will be held on 19/June/2 throw.
In a statement sent by the MLA, he urged everyone to pray today for the world and for the country due to the spread of COVID-1 to pray for the state on this day.
The meeting was held to discuss the clear grounds against the UCC and all those who attended the meeting unanimously had a strong ground, that is, before the arrival of the British here. customs, inheritance, inheritance, land, rivers, streams and water shall remain according to the rule, ownership and customs.
The Prime Minister said that more than 1.5 lakh beneficiaries have shared their experiences in this process.
Shillong, July 13: Commander Shangpliang, producer of the film 9lad, on Tuesday said that the film has been based on what happened in Khyndailad along with festivals to promote the film.
Other areas mentioned in the election manifesto are to improve the income of the country, respect for the rule of law between the central and state governments, to protect the country and to protect the environment.
He said that tomorrow, 31st June 2023, the Voice of the People's Party will attend a meeting convened by the state government at the Main Conference Hall Secretariat from 2.30 pm.
Shillong, November 08: The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi today congratulated the people of India for their physical and spiritual support in the fight against corruption in the country. in Ri.
During the inspection, the KHADC Trade Department found that many shops do not have trading licenses and the enforcement officers of the KHADC have closed them down. Saturday.
Saphronia Mawniuh, daughter of Kong Palei Let Mawniuh, resident of Mawkhar, Main Road, has completed her LL.M degree from Uttarakhand University.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The owner of Ialam Makri Gas Agency, Bah Ialam Makri, on Tuesday said that the customers who buy lyer shet from the company will get their money back. failure to provide required documentation.
In this incident, the doors of the school were damaged and the flowers on the ground floor of the school were damaged.
The Durga Puja will end tomorrow morning and on 24/10/2023 the Durga Puja will be held at Wahumkhrah Shillong and in other districts it will be held at Wahumkhrah. put.
On the other hand, the Lumdingjri Police Station led by the Officer in Charge Bah ED Maner together with his personnel have come out to clean up the area near the market. Lumdiengjri Police Station also brought a water treatment vehicle to clean up the street.
Sikkim scored in the 82nd minute.
In conclusion, FS Rymbai said that the Padan Surok Mied has not been able to work in the city of Jowai because those who don't have the right to do so can do whatever they want.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: U Bah Process T Sawkmie today expressed his surprise to learn that the army has not given space to pass the paid water to Shillong for the delay in the construction of the fourth phase of the Greater River. Shillong Water Supply Scheme.
The investigation is ongoing and they hope to arrest them all. They urged the public if they have any information about these criminals to inform the police.
“I would like to thank all the people of the country who have given their physical and spiritual support to the fight against corruption, terrorism and illegal money. to the farmers, traders, workers who are the source of income for the country”.
In the constituency, the most interesting contest will be between the incumbent MLA Ardent Basaiawmoit and Lambor Malngiang who is also the MDC of the area.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Baghmara MLA Samuel M Sangma said that the vehicle belonged to him and three persons including his son were injured in the incident. in the middle of treatment.
Speaking to reporters after paying tribute to the leader, the Governor said that Dr Donkupar Roy has shown his leadership through the works he has done. However, in these leadership positions he has held the posts of Chief Minister, President of the UDP party and Speaker of the House.
On the other hand, the KNGCSU has met with the Principal Secretary of the Education Department of the State Government and the two Directors of the College. On the other hand, the Principal Secretary, Bah DP Wahlang, said that he is also concerned about this. He also promised that all those who apply for the college will be admitted to the college. He also promised that the necessary facilities will be provided by the Education Department from the classroom teachers.
Shillong, Lber 23: U Governor of Meghalaya, Ranjit Shekar Mooshahary today swore in Toom M Kumari as the Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court.
This is another issue,” said the Principal Secretary.
Mairang, Jymmang 15: As a sign of recognition and encouragement to the hard work and dedication of the ASHA Facilitators and ASHA workers in the fight against COVID-1
The Minister said that no other reason is known why the students do not want to attend government schools. He said that many government schools and SSA schools where the number of students is very low, is due to the this is why the placement of teachers has been shaped to send one school to another and the government is very concerned about this.
It was at this meeting that Bah Airmarshal announced that he will join the UDP. On this basis, a public meeting was held on 26th July 2017 at the Nongtynger Kur Dorbar Hall in Nongjri to welcome him. honor this great man and his supporters on that day.
Speaking on the opening of campuses in other countries by India's best universities, the Minister said he hoped that Nalanda would do the same.
The weighbridge should be built according to the standards set by the Government so that it will not affect the road and the traffic of the people will not be disrupted.
Replying to a question on whether the NCP has worked with the Congress, Patel said there has been no such collaboration with the Congress in the state but the two MLAs of the party have remained with the party. government.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has directed the Union Home Minister to inform the Union Minister of Home Affairs.
Police have rescued the child from one of the hotels in Police Bazar and arrested two persons, Shyamsundar Shitala Prasad Shukla and his wife. Shalini Shyamsundar and Shukla are both residents of Nongmynsong.
He said that at this meeting today, 36 villages have been identified to build water treatment plants worth T.7 crore and the money has been released to these villages for implementation. this project is not available.
In the past year, many colorful events have been held to celebrate and promote the traditional talents of the children and youth of the Kur Warjri.
There are 113 recoveries today, 63 from East Khasi Hills, 39 from West Garo Hills, 4 from South West Garo Hills, 3 from Ri Bhoi, 1 from Ri Bhoi. Hills 1, the total number of recoveries so far is 11686 people.
Minister Duh said the Government has moved from the Look East policy to Act East, and now its policy is Act Fast for Northeast and Act First for Northeast. Northeast.
The state government has not yet taken any decision on the GHADC, although the dorbar will end on 15th March 2020 which is only six months away. Shillong, Nailur 05: The Director of Health Services (DHS) today said that 9 persons from various government departments have tested positive for COVID-19 at the Main Secretariat. that they are working has been ordered to close.
Police are conducting a search operation to track down those involved. A tree suddenly collapsed at the office of the Department of Textiles, Sericulture & Weaving at 4.30 pm today. The incident occurred at Dienthare in West Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, March 01: The Police Station today suspended Police Constable Bah Brightstar Pde for burning down his vehicle on the 29th of this month at Lawsohtun Block
“We have been informed that the ABVP, the Students' Wing of the BJP, has tried to enter the campus through a group known as the World Organization of Students and Youths (WOSY) and to hold a program in collaboration with the RSS as recently suspended by the HYC. The celebration of Holi inside the campus by the WOSY in collaboration with the members of the ABVP/RSS is nothing but a trying to create racial discrimination and do politics at the same time.
Regarding the coal to be auctioned, it was said inside the house that the NGT has set a higher price of T.4850/- per tonne while the price in the past was only in the middle. T.1500/- to T.2500/- per shilling.
Jowai, November 30: The AJYWO Central Body together with the AJYWO East Jaintia Zone under the leadership of Bah MH Dkhar President and Bah Heatermoon Ryngkhlem today celebrated the Kiang Nangbah Day. The Seng has honored and remembered Kiang Nangbah, the Great Hero of Jaintia Hills, the greatest freedom fighter, who was killed by the sdien phasi by the people of Jaintia Hills. The British Government on November 30, 1862 in Jowai, by laying flowers at the statue of Kiang Nangbah, at Khliehriat, East Jaintia Hills District today.
Shillong, Naitung 02: The Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, led by Bah John F Kharshiing, has met with the Chiefs of Meghalaya. The Chief Secretary, Government of Meghalaya, today, 2nd July 2013, at 2 pm, at the Secretariat, Shillong, met with Bah WMS Pariat, Chief Secretary, Government of Meghalaya. He spoke on the Sohra Ecological Project which has been working for more than two years for 45 villages in the Sohra area.
In honor of them, the Sports Department has held a march which started from Madan Heh in Mawlai and ended at Iewrynhep Square where they were honoured. Joseph, Jaiaw Langsning, Jaiaw Pdeng, Mawkhar Main Road, Motphran, Police Bazar, AG's Office, Additional Secretariat, Barik, Malki Point, Dhanketi, Don Bosco Square, Laitumkhrah Beat House.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of State, Bah Comingone Ymbon and Bah Nujorki Syngoh. remember in widening the road.
On this occasion, the Vice President of India said that the teaching of India is “The world is one home” and that is why India wants peace and this is the reason why India wants peace. peace cannot be considered a weakness.
Speaking to reporters at Shilong Press Club on Tuesday, the President of the Union, Banalis Syiem, said that the Secretary to the Ministry of Education, Union Government, Sanjay Kumar has promised to prioritize this demand of the Union.
In the last 60 years, more than 3,000 young men have received training there and nearly 200 have reached the rank of Priesthood of the Catholic Church.
The pass rate of students in these three years is 50.31% in 2020, 52.90% in 2021, 56.96% in They are only 51.93% and this year 2023 they are only 55.80%.
The Yatra is accepted in all regions, and is a means for the delivery of government services and support, reaching even the rural areas.
The Central Government has directed that from the 13th to the 15th of this month to celebrate the Independence Day of the country, the people should bring the flag of India to their homes to commemorate the Independence Day of the country. years of India.
Tathagata Roy, Governor of Tripura, has been transferred and appointed as the Governor of Meghalaya.
As it appears from the appearance in one of the newspapers, it was seen that some people shouted insulting words and said unpleasant words, on this police have registered a case No.4 08) 2023 under section 153B/503/504/506 of the IPC. This has been sent to the media. Act.
When the opposition came to vote, Thankhiew went ahead to read the motion of no confidence in the EC, but she said she did not receive it. She said that according to the rule, the motion should be taken within 24 hours or two days but they did not look at another rule which says that if there is an urgent need, the Chairman can take the motion even before 24 hours.
Speaking to reporters after the GEC meeting, GEC President Bah Daniel Khyriem said that if the government does not implement the work once again, they will take to the streets to demand the Inner Line Permit. .
Robinson Singh scored the first goal for TRAU in the 13th minute.
The new unit of this long standing unit in Meghalaya was confirmed on 11/12/20 at Lama Govt.
During this visit, Bah PN Syiem also gave assistance to these households who were in the midst of being declared as MCAs and at the same time there was also a discussion on how to bring about the works. develop within the community.
At present, only 11 states have been confirmed to attend the meeting.
“To expand this programme, I have set a target of 2 crore LakhpatiDidis in the next three years.
It is time for all of us and also for various organizations to unite for this goal which many have wanted or dreamed of achieving.
Speaking to reporters, NPP President Purno A Sangma said that they will contest the MP election only from Tura in Meghalaya. manob is the longest candidate in this election.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) says that pastors who distribute kiad and that may cause the feelings of the whole church but in fact it should say, 'who is that pastor, who is that Tymmen Basan who does, so that the Church can do something to anyone who does.
The total number of cases in the state is 631, East Khasi Hills 527, BSF 250, civilians 223 and Army
The District Magistrate has imposed section 144 CrPC after receiving information that there are many vehicle washing places along the river to prevent the pollution of this well. .
The Seng has held a condolence meeting on the morning of the 8th June, 2023, at Seng Khasi College, Jayaw.
D degrees shall continue their studies and the teachers allocated for them shall complete their studies, this shall be issued with the authority of the higher authorities.
The meeting also discussed many of the works that the Government of Karnataka has done and what the State of Meghalaya and the Autonomous District Councils and Dorbars can look at and take what they wish to implement in the State. Meghalaya.
Specially Wanniang from Mawtawar Laitlum has lodged a complaint with the police that her son Damankhraw Wanniang has been missing since the 27th of last month. .
At the same time, he said that there is a need for mutual respect and close cooperation between the doctors and the traditional doctors. of Chiefs of Meghalaya, Chairman, encouraged all the members and informed that the KHADC authorities have enacted the Act and Rules for the recognition of drug dealers. A meeting of all the members of Shillong will be convened soon to discuss many issues.
The meeting was attended by Bah Rhembor.
Shillong, March 16: The Government today decided to appoint an Expert Agency on the allegation of high radiation from the uranium mines at Domiasiat. “The Expert Committee will investigate whether the allegation is true or not,” said Prestone Tynsong Symbut, Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
However, according to the information of the JHADC, there are more than 2400 Trading Licenses which are not renewed.
At this time of darkness, the Seng Kur sends its heartfelt condolences to you, your wife, children, relatives and all those who are still in touch.
Shillong, June 29: Speaking at the Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav, the Minister of State for Home Affairs in charge of the North Eastern Region, BL Verma, on the theme He said that the states of the region should take the opportunity to implement the schemes of the central government and at the same time should use kamia the money that was given to them.
The main issues raised in the petition and which the Seng emphasized in the discussion are: To promulgate and implement immediately the Government of India or Central Government Act on Street Vendors route.
Shillong, July 23: U Conrad K Sangma today started campaigning for the Assembly elections to be held on 27th June 2023 at Adogre in North Garo Hills District. .
Police have registered a case under the NDPS at Mawlai Police Station.
“Ka Seng urges all MLAs, MDCs, Daloi, Waheh Chnongs, Sengbhalang and the people of Jaintia Hills to stand together against the railway line until the ILP is granted. We demand that the Government of India and the Government of Meghalaya should implement the ILP which is a means of protecting our Hynniewtrep people,” said the statement.
He said that it would be helpful if the UDP proposes to the State Government to appoint a special committee which will include all the workers in which all the political parties will be present. The Assembly or Council Act to recognize the traditional authorities from the Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raid to Dorbar Hima which we all understand is essential to get an agreement on how to talk to the Government of India to implement. In the following explanations, Bah BM Lanong, MDC, explained that the Syiems, Sirdars, Lyngdohs, Wahadars, have the Executive, Legislative and Judicial authority and the They also admitted that they did not sign the Instrument of Merger, the Instrument of Merger but at the same time these rules and these treaties and promises until today do not appear clearly in the Sixth Schedule or Constitution of India. .
Amidst many challenges, the BSF has worked hard to ensure that smugglers do not enter the border with Bangladesh. The BSF has strengthened its border patrols. New Delhi, June 10: The Union Minister of State for Electronics, IT and Law and Justice, Sh.
“The state government spends 100% for the maintenance of this department, and when the government spends itself why does the government still need this department to be run by foreign companies? state" he said.
The DGP admitted that the use of drugs can lead to robbery, domestic violence and accidents.
This incident has happened many times in the same village and in Amjong and other villages in the border areas of Mawhati constituency due to the stingy counting of the State Government and the negligence of the Ribhoi District Administration.
All the speakers encouraged the Khasi students in Bangalore to be disciplined in their walking, to succeed in their studies in order to bring honor to their family, the nation and themselves. also the same.
Shortly after the posting of this article, there were many comments on the article because it contained the words “Jiva Care”.
Therefore, in my opinion, the three languages ​​of Khasi, Jaintia and Garo should be included in the song,” she said.
“We have not taken a decision yet but after careful consideration we as the village have helped to lodge a complaint so that the victim can get justice.
Shillong, Lber 19: The CRPF of the North Eastern Sector Headquarters, together with the 67 Bn CRPF Shillong today celebrated the 82nd Anniversary of the CRPF. year 1939.
Police have registered a case under the NDPS Act and the investigation is ongoing.
Shillong, Lber 20: ANFT Police today, on receiving a tip that some people from Happy Valley who are suspected to be in possession of illegal drugs, have raided the area. They seized a Sumo number ML-05-N-0
Taking part in the discussion, Bah RV Lyngdoh said that the cleanliness of the resolution brought by the CEM and the ban on the purchase of land in the State could lead to to the confusion.
There are 164 cases so far, of which 20 cases are in hospital, 15 cases in East Khasi Hills, 1 case in North Garo Hills, 2 cases in Ribhoi and 2 cases in West Jaintia Hills.
With the launch of this in the new fiscal year, the main theme is how to conserve the water resources to fight for the preservation of the environment and this has been done with the continuous consultation between the people and the government.
The year 2020 has come to an end in just 2 months.
After the delivery of the equipment, the contractor has provided a bus to transport these foreign workers to Khanapara village on the border with Assam.
Shillong, March 05: The FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle under the leadership of Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang, President FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle in the presence of Samla Mac Donald Kharkongor, Vice President FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle and other leaders. FKJGP Mawnianglah Unit, Seng Longkmie Mawnianglah today went to Mawngap Police Station to encourage the family members of Bah Damas Nongkhlaw. They should immediately arrest and punish Everest Hynniewta, Richard Umdor, Mostly Shylla and Pynjanai Synshong who were involved in the shooting and injury of Bah Damas Nongkhlaw.
Before the match, a March Past and swearing-in ceremony was held by the students.
WMS Pariat Chief Secretary of the state said that he has not seen the news and cannot say anything but if it is true he will look into the news.
“We don't agree with the 7 percent salary increase and we have decided that the Government which has implemented the EMRI-108 will provide a One Time Enhancement this year and will provide an Annual Increment every year. “We will take our salary schedule to the Government and if it doesn't increase we will take another route,” he said. MEMRIWU.He said the meeting also discussed the demands of the Union which have been accepted by the State Government especially in relation to the benefits of the workers, and especially in relation to the Government's statement to increase the number of staff and ambulances.
One of the elders of Mawiong Village, said that on 10th July 2022, they went to inspect and found that the wastewater flowing into the Umshing River is from the cleaning area. What will happen if it reaches the river where people eat and drink from this water?
Speaking at the opening ceremony, Anurag Thakur said that India is an ancient country with millions of unheard stories.
amount.
In his 46-page speech, the Governor of the State has mentioned to all the government agencies one thing that the Government will do for the people. the people, in the field of health, roads, for agriculture and also for the peace and order.
To prevent this illegal entry, he said it is necessary for the people to cooperate between the residents and the BSF troops on the border because their presence is to come to the country. you are in peace.
In the morning before the Governor's speech in the Mawlai MLA, Bah Process T Sawkmie asked whether it is true as it appears in the newspaper that the Governor The state shall speak Hindi in the House.
After that, they also visited Mawlai Mawroh to inspect the 8000 feet waste disposal site which has been donated by the village and will soon be installed. the foundation stone to be laid.
“The reason for the resignation is to get the Sub Division.
He said that the North East has reached its peak and we should take advantage of this and open up opportunities for development.
The support of the party will depend on them according to the nomination of candidates and their ability to reach out to the people. President of the MPCC. To accuse him as the president of the MPCC doesn't make sense because he hasn't even worked. I don't know if I'm going to vote for the election and I'm not sure if I'm going to vote because I don't know if I'm going to ask for money.
“If such terrible incidents continue to happen in the future, then where is the happiness and future of our sisters?” asked Bah Heatermoon Ryngkhlem.
The initiative, known as 'Swachh Bharat and PoshanAbhiyan,' aims to highlight the importance of a clean environment and access to nutritious food for the health and well-being of the people.
James Mawphniang Education Secretary KSU Umsning Circle.
If this continues, it shows the corruption of the government and the law enforcement agencies to arrest and detain members of the party and the party cannot accept such behaviour. arsap and angry arshah.
Shillong, July 11: The newly appointed Inspector General of Meghalaya Frontier, Kuldeep Saini, today met with the Director General of Police (DSP) R Chandranathan, IPS, Meghalaya today.
The death toll has risen to 817 with three deaths from Ri Bhoi, one from South West Garo Hills and one from West Garo Hills.
When SP News Agency spoke to the people of the area to find out why the parking lot was closed, they said: The explanation is that the door is not due to the mischief of the visitors.
Nandeshwar Deury, who tested positive for COVID-19 on the 4th of this month, was taken to the BSF Composite Hospital Shillong. He was admitted to NEIGRIHMS on the 13th of this month.
The award was presented to Abhishek Bhagotia, Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills.
Shillong, Naitung 07: A meeting between the MDCs of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and the Sirdars of the 27 Himas was held today at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall. After a long discussion, they took four decisions to submit to the government.
The winner of the competition was Evamaia Nongsiej from Lumlang Nongkhlaw Sankardev College and the fourth winner was Preciousstone Shabong from Sankardev College. In conclusion, the chief guest, Rangbah WHD Syngkon, said, “The human race dies because there is no longer the spirit of knowledge of God until they are willing to do these things. through the internet on mobile phones to destroy and destroy people.
Officers of the Forest Department, the Cultural Heritage Department, the IT Department of the Government and the NIC were also invited to take their views.
Lamphrang Blah MDC of the Congress party said that the party has met today to discuss this issue but now the issue is the CAA, 2019 which they are against implementing in the state.
Researchers say that if we don't understand the dangers of plastics, by 2050 there will be more plastics than fish in the sea.
He urged all those involved in the hospital to encourage those who have been trained in this field from all over the states to work in this famous place in the country.
“We have demanded from the government to upgrade the Nonghyllam Primary Health Center (PHC) to a Community Health Center (CHC). “It's a PHC while the number of people is still increasing,” said Forman.
Shillong, Nailar 25: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today inaugurated the Meribon KH Memorial College, Sohiong.
The farmers' market was inaugurated by the Chancellor of the University, Dr Glenn C Kharkongor in the presence of staff of the university from other departments.
All the Chief Ministers of the BJP-ruled states in the North East, such as Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur and Nagaland, along with the Ministers of The Central Government will attend the meeting.
The Chief Minister expressed his sorrow to learn that there has been this tragic incident due to the fire which has caused a lot of loss not only to property but also to human life.
Shillong, July 25: The SSA teachers under the Lama MSSASA after their protest inside the NIOS in Shillong today decided to lodge a complaint with the Minister's Office. HM Marbaniang, General Secretary of MSSASA, said that the NIOS has decided to appeal against the NIOS. NIOS to the Office of the Prime Minister of India, as the union also seeks clarification from the Chairman of NIOS regarding the delay in the release of the results of teachers who have been specially trained for training. If NIOS cannot explain within two months in writing, the union demands that the NIOS office should be removed from Meghalaya. only by word now it wants to be by writing.
He said that the testing of those who have returned will be done according to the districts.
Shillong, Lber 18: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) today held a meeting to thank the people who have given their support to the party in the last MLA election
The opposition to the Syiem was on the grounds that he did not convene the Hima Dorbar, the demolition of Murok Hill and the felling of trees from the Hima Forest at Amkwier under the Jirang Hima.
The Central Election Committee (CEC) has elected Kharkrang as the party's candidate for the 17th North Shillong constituency.
Persons involved in the recruitment process if found to be in violation of the rules should be removed from their posts, officers should be dismissed and also should be punished. .
The KJCE Union in its Executive Committee meeting today, in a spirit of sorrow with the families of those who suffered and experienced this incident, expressed its heartfelt condolences to the families of the deceased. They have lost their beloved Father, their nurturing Mother, their beloved Sons, and their beloved children.
“If the language survives, the country and the nation survive,” said Robert.
The KSU appeals to these doctors not to come to work at this PHC but to work inside this PHC where the people of this area really need proper treatment because it is still one. This is the most remote area in the District.
Speaking to reporters, some residents of Umsning area said that this night there was a cold weather due to the darkness of the night. The house was destroyed.
The Government of India's refusal to allow other countries to participate in the talks has led the NSCN(IM) to stay in the talks. stop shooting.
Ltd, and SPIKAP, also delivered a speech by Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, SPIKAP, who congratulated the farmers. / Ki Nongkhem/ Ki Nongpynkhakhun who have supported the health care in the remote areas where the PHC or CHC is far away and especially they have been a blessing because it is difficult for the Government to appoint Doctors or Nurses in every hospital. Shnong, and said that through this training, the villagers in the remote areas, can get a detailed and clear explanation on how to act, and where to go if they encounter such problems and but the severity of this suffering is because of the pyrjong.
August 04: Former Chief Secretary, Bah PBO Warjri, IAS (Retired) today took oath as the new Chief Information Commissioner (CIC) of Meghalaya. of the State Raj Bhawan.
In his posts on 'X', the Defense Minister said that this is a great achievement that fulfills the vision of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
“I have spoken to the Chief Officer in charge of Tele-communication and informed him that we need a mobile network in our area and so I have arranged with Bah Wahlang and “Bah Wahlang will ask BSNL to install towers in our area,” said Bah Shangpliang.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh MDC Mawkynrew Constituency congratulated the Good Shepherd Parish – Jongksha for taking this step to gather all the students. up to 28 from the RCUP and RCLP as part of the development and to showcase the talents that God has given them.
The Governor also spoke about his childhood in Shillong.
Three Khasi from Umtyrnga village in Jirang Block, Ri-Bhoi District, Meghalaya have been arrested by the Assam Police in recent days.
The four others who were arrested by the police admitted that they had received permission from the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills to raid the illegal activities. He said that they should inform the police and should accompany the police in the investigation.
According to sources obtained by the SP News Agency, the Congress party's internal dispute is that leading leaders such as Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma want to get people who support him. while Bah DD Lapang wants to see his people whom he supports.
At the meeting held at Ïalong Dorbar Hall, the purpose of the Union to protect the traditional customs and traditions was explained by Bah Erwin K Syiem Sutnga and Bah Raphael Warjri.
“None of them will follow the Municipal which has implemented Fifteen Finance instead of the Urban Affairs Department.
It is to be recalled that after the shooting death of former HNLC leader Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew on the morning of 13 August 2021, there were many problems which led to mass protests across the country. Khasi Jaintia to demand a fair and independent trial.
Shri Noor Ain Khan, Member Secretary, Meghalaya State Legal Services Authority (MEA) was also present.
Other civil society organizations that have supported the letter are FKJGP, WYWO, FKS, CSWO, MSM, JYF and HNYF. the state.
People from all over the world are encouraged to follow and use these hashtags and join hands in this cause from all over the world.
The meaning is the strength of the light; it is the strength of the sudden without thinking.
In which the customs and traditions of India conflict with many of the central legislations of India and these conflicts arise when a new one is sought because of the lack of implementation of the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement. ) (In addition to the above, the meeting discussed many issues affecting the region and South Asian countries, climate change, development opportunities in the region. The need for a transparent governance from the ground up.
However, as members of the PDF, they still support Bah Pynshngian.
On the other hand, the union has strongly warned against those people who intend to take advantage or benamy, in the operation of the trucks of the factory, as this affects the budget of the Council.
“Before the government starts implementing any project that the people demand, the government should act according to the will of the people but should not act by force against the will of the people. of the people.
Secretary of KSU Laskein Circle), Leaders of KSU Laskein Circle and members of KSU Mynska Unit.
The ceremony was held today in Shillong.
Hilda passed away today, leaving behind six sons, three daughters and 26 grandchildren. Bah RL Kharpran is the owner.
