Shillong, Naitung, 17: The Government has prepared to build the Tirot Singh Indigenous Knowledge and Cultural Centre. (TSIKCC) in the Kingdom of Nongkhlaw.
Shillong, March 24: The President of the PDF, Bah Ivanlumlang Marbaniang, on Tuesday said that the party will accept the resignation of four MDCs from the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). Speaking to SP News Agency, Marbaniang said that within the District Council, nothing can be done on the entry and exit of MDCs as there is no restriction on their entry and exit. emerge.
This work is too difficult to give any credence to at present.
Shillong, Naiwieng 05: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, in the presence of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and the Leader of the Opposition, Dr Mukul Sangma, today unveiled the statue. Dr Donkupar Roy's speech at the Annexe Hall of the Legislative Assembly.
This is a response to the NPP's claim that the party is strong.
Danny Rynjah, President of Upper Shillong Circle, said that they have informed the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills about this. get the Umdih.
Dulir-juban-tyrwa in India through the changes in trend and trend.
Answering a question whether there is a real dismissal of about 40 master roll workers in different divisions of PWD, the Chief Engineer said that there is no such dismissal but there will only be a relocation of workplaces.
He said that the Executive Committee will meet on the 8th of November and they will discuss the issue.
KSU Jaintia Hills has asked the government whether it is a fraud against the poor.
“However, the party has decided to hold the Maitshaprang Khasi League Basketball Tournament, which was held at the Mawlai Nongpdeng Basketball Ground.
Shillong, Lber 14: The Chairman of the Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC), Dr Justice Aftab H Saikia, today attended a meeting held at the Don Bosco Youth Centre. women and men and immorality.
In another incident, police have arrested three persons from Jhalupara and arrested three persons from Jhalupara. The arrested were Sobir Singh, Donald Marwein and Batskhem Syiemiong.
“Sohjer” is a religious ritual of the people of the Raid Marwet where they perform haman in their homes after they have harvested the first soh from their crops by thanking u. The creator gods and the suid shor the swords and mohkhiew used during the farming season and put the head of the khiew before they drink, eat and dance as a sign of happiness.
As members of the opposition, they have taken this part to speak and have always asked the government to address the problems of SSA teachers or Adhok teachers. the Prime Minister, the Minister in charge of Education and officers speaking their minds, apparently have not taken action to address the issue.
The funeral service will be held on Tuesday at the Catholic Cemetery in Lawmali.
Shillong, Nailur 01: The National People's Party (NPP) today celebrated the 76th birth anniversary of Purno A Sagma. at the party office in Lachumier.
These people are not clean.
On this occasion, the new executive members of the District were appointed and confirmed.
David Kharsati Vice President said it is gratifying to see that the NDA government has been able to repeal Article 370 without any bloodshed and other serious crimes. The NDA government has been in Delhi.
Shillong, July 17: U Chairman of Rongmei Phwam Shillong, Bah K. Namgadai and Dr. Gaithoiliu Phaomei, General Secretary of Rongmei Phwam Shillong today strongly condemned Enrysing Marbaniang, 31, for allegedly assaulting Rongmei Phwam. A man has been arrested for allegedly raping a child at his residence in Thadlaskein West Jaintia Hills District.
The Latvian Ambassador was accompanied by the Secretary in charge of Foreign Affairs of Latvia, Stella Ankrava. working between this country and the state of Meghalaya.
The purpose of this competition is to help students from poor families not to drop out of school.
After discovering that the money had been withdrawn from his account, he called again to the number that called him, but he could not be reached and at this time he realized that it was the thieves.
Agencies, Private Corporates, Foundations, Athletes, Coaches, Schools, Colleges, Universities, Academies and in the presence of famous Olympians.
We also request the authorities in charge of road construction to take action against our Warsan Lyngdoh village which does not have a road from Wahkaji to Ummer-Nongrynniang which has 19 villages. which is only about 20km away.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The Government of Meghalaya has received a detailed directive to take precautionary measures against the oncoming cyclone REMAL from 26th June 2024 and will continue on until January 28, 2024.
Sabnam Sherpa was the winner of Miss Cherry Blossom 2019, Naphishisha Palat was second and Jayati Gurung was third.
Tele-health care in the field of Palliative Care – which involves providing services to patients in their own homes who are in the final stages of illness.
The Government has to take responsibility for all these incidents, said the MPHRC. The MPHRC strongly demands that the Government should find ways and means to ensure that the people who have been involved in such incidents They should get justice because these attacks have destroyed the entire state until there is no peace and order until today.
According to the latest news, the approval of the Governor has been sent to the JHADC and now it is the responsibility of the CEM of JHADC to dismiss these EMs. Shillong, March 17: Bashemphang R. Syiem, son of Winsor R. Chyne, has received the 10th prize of the JHADC. the Ph.D.
Not only that, we will continue to follow up on this demand without rest on the part of the Seng and if the demand does not succeed we will have to think of something else and take strong measures on our part.
John F Kharshiing, Working President, informed the AGM that the Executive Council, MSOA, will soon organize workshops/seminars which will be of benefit to the youth sportsmen and especially to the State Sports Associations.
"'La Cinef' is part of this competition which aims to inspire young talent and recognizes films coming out of film schools from all over the world.
At present, there has been a dispute over the allegations and initially both sides have agreed not to file any complaint.
He said the District Councils cannot pass laws to protect the state.
At the same time, the government has been able to talk to the doctors to provide information to the people in different languages.
The top leaders of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) have not yet taken a decision on the Government's request for them to come forward to continue the peace talks.
Speaking to media at Shillong Press Club, he said that the festival will be held for two days on the 26th and 27th of April. - One fee and children under 12 years of age will be free.
The Director of Health Services (DHS) has confirmed 5 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 3 cases in Ri Bhoi Hills, 1 case in North Garo Hills, 1 case in South Garo Hills, 1 case in West Jaintia Hills and 1 case in West Khasi Hills. Garo Hills 1, West Garo Hills 12 and West Jaintia Hills
to receive a report on the progress of the work especially on the implementation of the judgment on 26th April 2012, from the National Commission for Scheduled Tribes (NCST), Government of India, on the petition of the Dorbar Federation of Khasi States which has now directed the Ministry of Tribal Affairs, Government of India to take the necessary measures to ensure the implementation of the promises, and meetings with the officials of the Government of India on 7, 8 and 9 June continue the demand taken in the second and third Dorbar Ri in which the demand for a separate Article or Thirteen Schedule in accordance with the provisions of the IOA & AABan urge the Government authorities State and urgently prepare and enforce the Meghalaya Land Regulation Act 1971, with the views of civil society, land owners and stake holders before the implementation of the Industrial Policy, which just announced.
On the other hand, the NF Railway has strengthened the security measures on the trains to ensure the safety of passengers.
The village has a total of 101 households. The village was established in
: The KHNAM on Friday sent a letter to the Dorbar Shnong Rynjah to immediately delete the word “RR Colony” and replace it with the name Them Rynjah.
On this occasion, the Principal of St. Anthony's College, Rev.Br.
The members of the party who have passed away in the past two years are; Rev. Fr. Sylvanus Sngi Lyngdoh, Dr. Hamar B. Kharlukhi, Mr. Kreishon Rapthap, Mr. LHPde and Mr. Rajesh K. Lyngdoh.
New Delhi, July 03: The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, has congratulated the people of Assam for the fact that in 2022 there was no rhino poaching.
At this public meeting, it was announced that Bah Sounder and his supporters will join the TMC party on 24th November 2022 to become a full member of the TMC party and will contest the MLA election from Mawkyrwat.
On this occasion, he explained to the people that it is necessary to vote to strengthen democracy and to get good governance.
This is especially true in the areas of Garikhana and Stand Jeep where most of the shopkeepers in these areas are jhur and soh.
Once we get the answer, we will decide how to proceed,” Sangma told reporters.
The UNESCO Chair in Bioethics Haifa's 3T-IBHSc Course for Doctoral Students in the field of Medical, Dental and Specialized Training.
Speaking at the launch of the Fit India Movement, he said that the people of Meghalaya are healthy people and this is what every citizen has. Even today, many young people struggle to take care of themselves.
This allegation is unfounded.
The union also opposes the National Green Tribunal regarding the ban on coal mining. They have decided to write a letter to the government on this issue. The NGT also opposes the government's plan to find accommodation in South West Khasi Hill District and West Khasi Hill District. Umshynrut and Shahlang for one of the forest groups in Ri Lum Garo, the ANVCB, and the government should stop this project completely as it will affect the people living in those areas. regions.
Shillong, March 10: Two Nigerians, Victor Ojichukwu, Ugo Okeke, 30, and Ifechkwu, have been arrested by the East Jaintia Hills District. Emmanuel Obi 34 years old.
There is a need to have factories to encourage the production of herbal medicines.
Now, it has recognized the Government of India as a government that is firm in decisions.
Police suspect that unidentified persons have tied the leader from the head until he died and buried his body in Khliehriat in a place where there are many people. trash.
Dr Mukul said he has written to the Governor Banwarilat Purhohit and the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly AT Mandal to convene a special session to pass the bill. Draft Meghalaya GST Bill 2017 in the House.
According to T Marbaniang, on 21st November, 2016, she received a letter from the Director approving her appointment as Asst Teacher at the school.
Police have arrested Nurul Haque of Gamari, Ramkrishna Nagar, Karimganj who was with the abductee.
Sohphan from all over Meghalaya, Garo Hills, Ro Bhoi Khasi Hills were also sold on the occasion.
The program was conducted by the President of KSU Laskein Circle, Fivestarson Suiam.
 Keep doors and windows shut.
When asked, the Rajya Sabha MP said that in his view, the NPP has not lost because of the BJP's full support to the party.
Produced and directed by Commander Shangpliang, the film has won the Best Actress Award from the Northeast and has been nominated for the Best Actress Award. Best Director at the Prague Cinema Award.
The Dorbar Shnong has urged Bah PR Marwein to find ways and means to expedite the completion of this work for the benefit of the people in the area.
Under the KHADC, the newly created district is the South West Khasi Hills and all the villages under this district have been reorganized according to the district.
The Meghalaya Upper Primary School Teachers Association (MUPSTA) will celebrate its 30th anniversary in providing services and looking after the welfare of primary school teachers in Khasi-Jaintia and Garo Hills.
The opening ceremony was attended by KSU Nongthymmai Circle Assistant Secretary Samla Riwenroy Kharbuli. The opening ceremony was attended by Samla Riwenroy Kharbuli. .
The leaders of the Mwalai Circle said that this is just a scientific ploy by Ampereen in fact Mawlai should have been praised for providing the land. However, through the presence of Marten, Mawlai has been destroyed in the slum area.
Speaking to media, the General Secretary of the party, Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon, said that the party wants the legislators to discuss this issue so that they can take action. that it is not right in relation to these two issues.
There are 25 recoveries today, 17 from East Khasi Hills and 4 from West Khasi Hills. The total number of recoveries so far is 82,3
Imson FC, which was established with the aim of encouraging rural children in sports, all the players are from Meghalaya especially from South West Khasi Hills, Ri Bhoi District and West Khasi Hills District.
Speaking to reporters, MEWU spokesperson Joseph Pynrope said that the government should take over the operation of the 108 in the state. and the Society is not different.
Shillong, Naiutng 11: The question has now arisen as to why the Meghalaya government has not transferred GNLA leader Champion R Marak from Shillong District Jail to outside the state as written by the Director General of Prisons.
A video was also released on this day.
The government is only a facilitator.
He said that the Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War, Maram and Lyngam are the suffering Hynniewtrep people.
However, even within forty months, efforts have been launched in all directions and in every way, they have been expanded.
The SAFF will celebrate its three-year anniversary on 10th July 2023. The aim of the group is to bring about brotherhood among all races, of different faiths. .
According to sources close to the UDP, the candidates to be announced tomorrow will include the party's President from Mairang, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh who is also the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly.
There are 22,26,567 lakh voters in the two constituencies, 10,99,517 lakh males and 11,27,047 lakh females. In the MLA election 2023, there are 21,75,236 lakh voters and in the MP election 2019, the increase is 3,15,195 lakh and the total number of voters is 19,11,372 lakh.
The match was held at Sarusajai Sports Complex Boxing Ring in Guwahati, Assam.
The MCCEU also demanded that the government should pay dewnoh to all the residents and employees of MCCL. Sohra within 15 days.
The Committee promised to take action on this issue and the Committee expects and hopes that it will go smoothly for the better. society and environment in these areas by closing down these factories.
This happened on the 24th of November 2020 on a day of heavy rain.
Earlier private businesses tried to duplicate the centers for the needs of the farmers and provide services to them but most of these failed.
New Delhi, Jymmang 15: The first citizenship certificates were issued after the promulgation of the Citizenship (Amendment) Rules, 2024 today.
The meeting will be held at the Khasi National Durbar Hall, Mawkhar, Shillong.
When questioned, the Bangladeshis told the BSF that they used to pay 1500 taka in their own money and there was a man who led them to enter India. They came to work in the coal mines in Jaintia Hills.
The increase in revenue is between 30% and 60% and the government will collect up to T.85 crore.
The union also urges the East Khasi Hills police to investigate and arrest all those involved in the attack on the KHADC police and journalists and also to punish them severely. as a law.
The Deputy Commissioner's office said that this delay is against the government law and the DC has warned those who distribute more ration not to delay and if they are still act in this manner they shall be punished according to the law.
The BJP party is pleased that the State Government has to provide the funds that have not been allocated to spend immediately to repair the roads from time to time when there is damage whether it is minor or major.
Isn't this because you want to deprive the rights of the youth that you want only after the elections to approve a new Office Memorandum which will be a great loss for the youth.
On Thursday, the same notices were posted in Ichamati and Shella area.
Speaking to media on Tuesday, the President of the Mawkhar Samla Seng, Bah Daniel Syngai, said, “We will hold a meeting to raise awareness among the youth on the 19th of this month. Tenzing Tsering, an Ayurveda Practitioner who has lived in New York and formerly lived in Mission Compound, Shillong, has been invited to help young people who have become addicted to drugs to improve their lives. new only by taking herbal medicines.
The Government should appoint its own staff or nurses to treat those infected with Covid-19 and not to mix with the same nurses to treat other patients infected with other types of patients.
Police are conducting investigation to find out the cause of the deaths.
The club came seventh in the Federation Cup campaign which started in Shillong this month and ended the tournament with a draw in the semifinals.
M Syiem Director of the department said that the letter has been received from the government in these days and she has tried to gather the intellectuals of the department. On the other hand, the Khasi literature should think together on this issue.
Shillong, November 11: The Dorbar Shnong Nongmynsong today before the launch of the truck, held a cleanliness drive which is usually held every year.
It is on this basis that when the government has received an estimate of how the money will come, the government allocates the budget to accuse the government of taking money.
On the part of the BJP supporters, especially Bah WS Syiem who has contested the MLA and MDC elections from Nongstoin Constituency in the past years, this time he has come to give his full support. to Dr Herbert.
And as a nation we need to respect and honor each other by overcoming the differences of Hima, Seng, City or Village, Religion or Church, Difference of Social Order or Political Party. The Khasi-Jaintia population is the largest in India.
He urged the public not to believe the rumors regarding the vaccination that tens of thousands of people have been vaccinated but there is no effect.
The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya in his message to all the Deputy Commissioners in the state said that the Central Government is deeply saddened to announce the passing away of the former Chief Minister of Meghalaya. India's Atal Bihari Vajpayee today passed away at AIIMS Hospital in New Delhi.
Hundreds of teachers have taken part in the protest.
In another incident, Anita Kharshiing has lodged a complaint with the police that a man named Edison Nongrum has raped her sister in They did not dare to inform the police. They have informed the police since then and they will inform the police again.
He said that while he was talking to the police, the crowd came and stood up and did not allow them to be released.
What they said today is that they will work hard in this MDC election.
The training was sponsored by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and conducted by the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting.
Speaking to media, the Minister explained about the monitoring with the Central Government to develop the North East in various fields – development of infrastructure such as highways, road connectivity to the village.
On the statement by the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma that Meghalaya is the owner of the land, Conrad said he does not know why the CM of Assam said those words, but he said Perhaps the opinion of the Chief Minister of Assam is because the States in the North East have been separated from Assam from the beginning.
“We agree that the BJP contests alone in elections and does not need to cooperate with others.
The Special Judge (POCSO), Shillong on 11th November, 2022, has sentenced him to life imprisonment for 18 years and a fine of T.20,000,0 to pay the fine he shall be imprisoned for three months.
Shillong, March 17: The SSA Teachers' Union (MSSASA) will hold a special training for SSA teachers who are taking the DEl Ed course online through NIOS at on the 19th of this month at 10:00 am at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar Shillong.
Shillong, July 20: The Kharang Sports and Social Welfare Club (KSC) on Tuesday held the same tournament at Kharang, Mawkynrew. East Khasi Hills District.
He said that as experienced, the Iewmawlong area where the metor drivers live is one of the hotbeds of crime where there are 40 types of jobs.
Shillong, November 20: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today held its Central Executive Council (CEC) to discuss many issues of the party.
Speaking to media, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that the Rule was introduced after it was seen that the influx of drugs into Meghalaya has been excessive and according to the statistics. Since 2019, the number of drug users has increased significantly in the state and also in five districts of the state have been identified as areas of high drug use.
On this day, there was also a ball game.
"I believe he came to bring strength to the community," Minister Duh said.
These PPEs were distributed to all the District Medical Officers of all 11 districts. East Khasi Hills 9121, West Khasi Hills 1185, South West Khasi Hills 725, Ri Bhoi District 1660, West Jaintia Hills East Jiantia Hills 762 units.
Shillong, July 22: U Rophul S. Marak, Parliamentary Secretary I&PR, in a statement today, appealed to the kidnappers who abducted the father of Father Francis N Marak without injuring him.
Shillong, November 08: BSF troops of Meghalaya today damaged 58 planes from Bangladesh and seized 45 tonnes of heroin. motorcycle is not installed.
People who go to campaign for elections are not allowed to use government vehicles issued to the CEM, EMs, Chairman of KHADC. T.50,000/- before the end of the election.
BSNL General Manager John Chrisostom in charge of ICT said that this is the plan of the central government to provide these internets to about 220 schools in Meghalaya.
The Government has allocated funds for the construction of roads inside the school and also for the water supply. A team has already been appointed to manage the school and the first meeting was held on A team has been appointed to manage the university and the government is ready to start implementation.
On the other hand, the Secretary of the Seng, Commanding Nongrem, tried to phone the Officer, AK Gupta, to ask him why the office has not repaired these doors. Officer as soon as the Secretary phoned him, he turned off the phone.
In her speech, Grace Kharpuri MDC as the chief guest said that people with disabilities are created special by God and as a leader she is willing to join hands to provide them with disabilities. they help.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Alanwest Kharkongor said that there are two shops at the festival, one of which is for the sale of traditional items such as traditional tiarput and others. Khasi Heritage Village.
no.8575039264, Ph.D.
Because this house is an old house built of wood, the fire spread quickly and destroyed the houses near the school. In this incident all the belongings were destroyed. deleted.
“Therefore, we urge you to take immediate action on this issue and we also urge you to fill the vacant posts as soon as possible to ensure that they are fully operational from the relevant offices. ," the VPP said in the petition.
Answering a question whether such incidents will affect the people, Amrit said that talks with the government are ongoing to set a limit on how many hours a person can play a day. if it is exceeded, the machine will automatically shut down.
“The students have done the right thing and it is also the best news for the government that it should change its mind and should repeal the Tenancy Bill completely. The meetings with the youth on that day gave a clear message to the government that it should repeal the proposal to amend the Tenancy Bill because the government has acted hastily and blindly and has not “There is nothing said in the Bill regarding the illegal entry of foreign authorities,” said Auguster Jyrwa.
Shillong, Nailar 28: The Director General of Police, Meghalaya, R Chandranathan IPS has asked the Director General of Police, Tripura to ensure that nothing is done to the students in the state.
The president of the KSU said that it is not the people who have been taking care of those places for more than 50 years and so on, we leave this to the discretion of the government.
“As the people we don't want to take the law into our own hands therefore as the President of HSYF I request the State Government and the relevant authorities to shut down Cosmos Cement Ltd,” said Bah Nangbha.
The NHAI has sent an affidavit on 27th November, stating that the Regional Officer of NHAI in Guwahati has already inspected the road on 16th November.
Minister Duh urged the athletes to prepare for the upcoming Asian Games and Olympics.
The way our economy is is strong.
Pangniang MLA of the HSPDP said that this road is very important as it passes through 150 villages in the area and urged the government through the PWD department to will do nothing for the benefit of the people of the area.
We walked according to the rules.
The Government of India has looked into all aspects.
On this occasion, there were also other sorbars who came to explain the same issue and on this occasion they also showed the style of iawbei in which they understand that if you sing any song it is you or that person and only you or she can answer.
In this regard, the government has already hired two central government companies CMPDIL and MECL to develop mining plans, as the state has to mine coal as before.
Every year in the month of June, the children of Niamtre prepare for the coming of the Behdienkhlam of Niam in which the Lord from above will come down to earth to stay for four days and three nights (Soo Sngi Le). Iaw) and the sons of the seventh wasa and the seventh wasung.
She alleged that the company has embezzled money, but the company has received protection from the government despite the embezzlement of money.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that no one has tested positive for COVID-1
Shillong, November 17: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Friday launched the Ayushman Bharat Scheme (MHA) which has included Phase IV of the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme. Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, Dr Indu Bhushan, Chief Executive Officer – National Health Agency of the Union Government will also be present on the occasion.
The march started from the Youth Hostel and continued until it reached the market square in Nongthymmai.
On this occasion, the office bearers of the party were elected as President P. Kharkongor, Vice President Stephan Wahlang and General.
On the other hand, the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima said that the market dwellers have been explained on this issue and they have now asked for their opinion and if anyone wants to give their opinion and if anyone is against.
Shillong, November 12: The Chief of Army Staff of India, NAK Browne, on Tuesday said that India is no longer the same as it was in together with the strength to face any challenges facing the country.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: Meghalaya exhibited agricultural products and beverages at the three-day 2North East Food Show 2022 which opened today at Polo with the participation of representatives from the states of the North East. In the east, the wines and wines produced in this state were exhibited.
Regarding the deaths of COVID-19, Prestone said they should not be afraid to perform the rituals because the hospital has distributed medicines. to 10 people to go to the funeral.
The KNGCSU has given up to 10 months to the education department to appoint a Principal and Vice Principal at the college. Justice Paul Lyngdoh General Secretary of the KNGCSU said that If the government cannot meet the demands of this college within these days according to the petition that has been submitted to the heads of this department, we will hold a The protest will be held in the coming days.
The NHRC should inform the Government of India of the need to fully recognize the Khasi and Garo languages ​​and include them in the 8th Schedule of the Constitution as one of the provisions that has already been passed. The UN Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples (UNDRIP) or the Universal Declaration of the Rights of Indigenous Peoples clearly states that Indigenous Peoples have the right to human rights. protection, full recognition of one's own language according to the Law.
In the three constituencies, South West Garo Hills has 84.15 percent.
Before the opening ceremony, a wreath laying ceremony was held by PM Syiemliehm, the Speaker of the House, Bah Metbah and others. This day is to honor King Tirot Singh, the freedom fighter.
Jowai, Naitung 16: To preserve the environment is no longer the responsibility of the government or NGOs but has now reached the ends of the earth.
Dr W Kharlukhi said that a meeting will be called with the members of Shillong City to discuss the issues especially how to strengthen the party and also to discuss the development of the villages. thaw.
All government departments have been directed to assist the people according to their needs especially in those villages which have been affected by the cold, he said.
The final was an absolute thriller of a contest that brought the entire 2023 season of the SSA’s football pyramid to a resoundingly successful conclusion.
They include HDR Lyngdoh from Sohiong, Oland Suin from Mawsynram, Michel Wankhar from Mylliem, Anthony Khongwang from Pynursla and Balajied Synrem from Shella.
In Guwahati and the next day, on 13th July 1922, she was able to return to Shillong.
Also present on the occasion were the Minister of Agriculture, Banteidor Lyngdoh, Meghalaya, Bidu Singh Panth, Minister of Tourism, Sikkim. Vietnam, Ram Prasad Subedi, Embassy of Nepal to India, First Secretary, Embassy of Japan to India, Ikko Watanabe, Chief Secretary, Meghalaya, RV Suchiang, and other government officials. Chile, Poland, Austria, United Kingdom and European Union, officials from the Central Government and SIAL were present at the opening ceremony of the exhibition.
Dr Mukul said there is no place for selfishness, we have to do these things according to the present era of science.
Shillong, Naitung 27: The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District has issued an order ban ban the transportation and mining of coal from the coal mines to the coal deposits.
More than 400 trees were planted by the Forest Department. Officials of the Forest Department who were present on the occasion were Bah PBO Warjri Principal Secretary PCCF TTC Marak. the state government.
Shillong, Lber 08: Speaking to reporters before the start of the session outside the Legislative Assembly, the Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma said that as a sign of opposition to what the Governor of Meghalaya he said via Twitter regarding the people of Kashmir.
He said that the team will conduct the investigation in the C&RD Block of East Khasi Hills till 9th ​​November, and after that it will visit West Jaintia Hills on 12th November, Ri-Bhoi on 13th November. Eastern and West Khasi Hills on 16th November, East Jaintia Hills on 19th and South West Khasi Hills on 20th November.
“The BOARD has not been able to pay the salaries of the employees for nine months and in fact this should not be the case,” said Momin.
The MPCC chief said the list of candidates for the MDC election in JHADC will be announced tomorrow and the Congress party has not yet announced the names of the candidates for the MDC election in GHADC. This is because the term of office of the Council has been extended for another 6 months.
On the other hand, the Seng urges the residents of the area to be careful and take care of themselves at this time when this disease has started to spread rapidly in the State and the area. by following the rules and regulations of the Government such as wearing masks, not gathering in public places and washing hands regularly.
KSU Jaiaw Circle and KSU Mawkhar Circle have urged the people of the state to attend the meeting to be held on the 30th of this month. (SP News) on the demand for the implementation of the ILP.
Pynshngian said that foreigners should not interfere in this matter. He said that the residents of the area have violated the rules because they have turned the area into a market. Their land has not been given to them by the Hima Mylliem.
Shillong, Nailur 27: Police in Ri Bhoi District today seized drugs worth T.6 lakh and arrested four persons involved in drug trafficking.
“If they want to divide the state, we are ready to go there,” he said. “This is a difficult and painful task but we must fight to resolve this issue without giving up. ding.
Lambor said that the message he wants to send is that he has never seen such violence.
The central theme of the competition is to fight against violence against women.
The Mission Director NHM, who is also the Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Bah HM Shangpliang, in his speech, said that the government has decided to provide adequate medicines to the people in the country. low price.
Therefore, this time if you win, I will be a rishot for the youth, women, farmers and the poor to eradicate corruption. The equality of human rights before the law will also be the key to paving the way with the Central Government to bring about development in the constituency.
Shillong, Lber 22: U Bah Shibun Lyngdoh, BJP candidate for the MP election to be held on the 9th of next month, has said that he has taken this decision to contest the MP election. This election is because he has been able to see this situation in the current political situation.
At the same time, he said the FKJGP demands that the Central Government should repeal the implementation of the Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA), 1958 not only in Nagaland but in the North Eastern States. .
However, at present, the rules have been drafted in such a way that only the heads of state will be appointed by the MDCs and the two members of the District Council will not be appointed. The appointment to this group shall be from among the Chief Executive Members and not from the District Council.
Bah Sana wished the party to continue to serve the people of Jaintia Hills and the State as well.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Rothel Khongsit, Rangbah Shnong, said that they have tried to get a health centre, a school and the nearest health center is Khrang but many of them don't have it. doctor.
Government authorities have seized the truck while conducting a search operation on vehicles passing through Sohra.
The order was issued by Bah Pynshngianlang Syiem against the Secretariat of the Governor of Meghalaya.
If they cannot do this, there will be no point in negotiating peace.
In this raid, the two persons who had entered the country from Bangladesh escaped from the hands of the BSF. The Bangladeshis fled and when they opened it, they found two gold biscuits.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: The street children of Shillong today gathered at Lower to hold a procession to demand their rights as street children.
Change can be brought about through the voters who should not sell their votes to politicians who are contesting from different political parties and also to explain how to elect the right leader to bring about change. and to develop in their own community and region the areas needed for the future.
The two candidates were accompanied by their supporters on the nomination day.
On that occasion, a durim dulir was prepared on the struggle of the Khasi against the foreign government, in which Tirot Sing Syiem was the leading figure.
The 200 candidates who will be selected through this examination will be eligible to take the aUPSC Exam.
Shillong, July 02: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma in the presence of Home Minister James K Sangma, Cabinet Ministers AL Hek, Metbah Kyngdoh, Banteidor Lyngdoh and MLA of Meghalaya. North Shillong, Bah Adelbert Nongrum in the presence of the Rangbah Shnongs of Mawkhar, Jaiaw, Wahingdoh, Umsohsun, Riatsamthiah and Mission Compound.
Speeches were also delivered by the students who have completed the training as well as those students who have been with big companies abroad for about a year and are now on leave.
This change has caused many people to question the opening of shops in Shillong.
“There are also challenges ahead of us, but we have to fight in whatever form, we will continue to improve the health in the state,” he said.
Although they have not received any letter from the government, they accept what the Chief Minister has said. .
Police immediately rushed to Mairang to seize the gold bag from Bania's shop and the robber was immediately arrested and brought to court.
The Cabinet has decided to allocate Rs. 4 crore to the National Handicap Development Corporation (NHDC) to provide assistance to those with disabilities. they will be able to start businesses.
On the HNLC's demand for amnesty, Tynsong said, in fact, in the initial meeting, the Government Secretary and the MHA Advisor had requested the HNLC to send the list of names. of members, whose cases are pending in various courts so that the Government can consider what it can do.
The fare for commercial vehicles carrying nine to 12 passengers has been increased from T.2.05 to T.
A little farther away from this four-story bridge, there is another two-story bridge.
Shillong, July 14: The Chairman of the Regional Committee of Assam, Piyush Hazarika, on Tuesday said that it is the robbers who cause trouble on the border of Block-I, which borders West Jaintia Hills and West Jaintia Hills. Carbie Angle.
Atul Kumar Tiwari, Secretary, Skill Development and Entrepreneurship, explained the need to create opportunities for future-ready skills development in these sectors, so that India can become a hub for AVGC jobs. He also spoke about the need to provide strong infrastructure to assist in the education of children.
What is surprising to us is that this department, which used to teach physical distancing and hygiene, has turned into a complete mess here at the Dispensary. Physical distancing has been violated, as well as the patients due to the small space, the surroundings are not clean due to the lack of garbage disposal facilities, the There is only one outlet for staff and patients. Water, which is one part of the dispensary, has to be purchased because there is no pipe line connection.
Samuel B Jyrwa, who represented the people at the SRC, said that they will meet again on Friday the 26th of this month.
Announcing the decision, the Minister in charge of Markets, Bah Klephas, said that the buyers should re-weigh the empty containers and count according to the weight of the containers whether they are kriah or kriah. that bag.
Alda Mary Badwar, farmer, said that the government through the Veterinary Department has supported them. She said that they have received many benefits from the central government through various schemes.
Farmers should be given their rights as citizens, not left behind.
On Ardent's statement that there is no need for actors but only farmers in Nongkrem Constituency, Hilarius said that the film industry is over but Ardent should know that although he is an actor, he is a farmer. the son of the farmer.
There are about 262,200 registered Congress members.
It was after the independence of Meghalaya in 1972 that this area was in dispute with these villages including Sabuda, Iatalong, Khlieh Umwang, Mawpud, Itpatung, Pdeng Tleit, Umjaktah, Umru, However, this year, all of them were included in the Mawhati Constituency in Meghalaya.
CCTV cameras have been installed at all the places of worship and assistants have been deployed to ensure the smooth running of the puja at all the pandals which have been located in different places during the current puja. Shillong, March 21: Shillong Police have arrested three suspects in connection with the incident. They were identified as Marvince Majaw, 43, Phiralang Dkhar, 42, and Imti Ao Shylla,
The members of the committee include the president of the UPD, the leaders of the PDF, NCP, Independent, BJP and HSPDP. .
Shillong, July 22: The Hynniewtrep Youths Council (HYC) Shillong City under the leadership of John Lyngdoh, Vice President, has met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Roshan Warjri to demand that the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Roshan Warjri, regarding the appointment of OT.Technician in Civil Hospital Shillong.
He said that the KHADC, even if these people come to apply, has to look into the law and not just issue the license.
He said that the implementation of the Mission in the cities is overseen by the Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV), which has a special role in overseeing the projects so that all the opportunities in this mission can be used. new path.
Speaking to reporters, he said that the man tested positive for COVID-19 at Kamakhya Compound in Anjalee. Civil Hospital Shillong.
Speaking to reporters in Mawkyrwat, Entinoris Nongsiej said that she and her brother Stera Nongsiej have been banned from collecting ration from the distributor in the village. When they tried to meet him, he said that he could not do so because he was banned by the Minister and Secretary Shnong.
In a statement sent to the media, the General Secretary cum Publicity Secretary of the HNLC, Bah Saiñkupar Nongtraw, said, “The purpose of this announcement is to announce the decision that the HNLC has withdrawn from the HNLC. negotiation table.
If this is the case, the independence of the District Councils, which have their own rules to pass bills, has been taken away. EC, where is the independence of the District Councils, at this time he will not allow them to come out to protect the Rangbah Shnongs.
The Minister said there is a strong demand for handmade clothes in the world market and the clothes made in Assam are used by people in New York, USA. .
“We will try to complete it by the last week of May or the first week of January,” he said.
Such a power of the state is still contained in paragraph 20 (b) of the Sixth Schedule which is in force in Assam. Now, since the amendment of the Sixth Schedule in 1971, this power has been transferred to the Central Government through the President in paragraph 20(A)(b).
Following the decision of the High Court, the Government has issued a memorandum on 10th June 2022 to explain how to implement this arrangement for government employees to implement the special allocation in government departments. District and Civil Sub Divisions.
“The HITO is not against the MLMDF to hold a protest and it is the constitutional right to hold a peaceful protest on any issue, but if the MLMDF is allowed to hold a protest, HITO would like to request permission to gather and hold a protest to demand justice for the killing of (L) Lurshai Hynniewta on the same day and at the same place by the MLMDF. I'm from Shella, Sohra and Shillong,” said Bah Dkhar.
Speaking at the meeting, the Union Home Minister said that after the BJP government came to power, it has seen that the need in the North East is to improve the roads. whether on roads, railways and airports in the region for the development of income in the North East.
It is true that the number of crimes has increased in Garo Hills where the people have been severely affected, but this is the failure of the State Government and we demand that the State Government should take action to bring peace to the people. you are in the Garo Hills.
The General Secretary of the Union, Bah Pynsuk Youroi, said that the Union, which is concerned about the increase in the number of foreigners driving commercial taxis, has demanded that the District Council should suspend the supply of labour. He said that the Union had already raised this issue with the Council two years ago when Bah Titortarwell Chyne was the Chief Executive Member of the Council. to suspend the issuance of Labor Licence, while the Union has found that the number of foreigners driving commercial taxis has increased with the passing of the days.
According to the videos received by the reporter from the residents of Lapangap village, the Khasi-Pnars retaliated by shooting the Karbi with bird's nest.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that one case of COVID-19 has been confirmed in East Khasi Hills District. There are 93821 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in the country so far.
Everyone is invited to cooperate with the requests of Shri. Narendra Modi, Prime Minister, India who urged the people to take this preparation as preparing for the war in which we all have to prepare. and we urge everyone to stay at home and not to leave the village on the 22nd March 2020 from 7 pm to 9 pm, because even if it works in Hindi according to our understanding The words of the Prime Minister of India are very serious.
This illegal activity which affects the future of the country and our small nation should not be allowed at all.
Shillong: Police have conducted a patrol in four parts of Shillong with the sounding of sirens to inform the public that the police are ready to arrest. fight back if anything happens.
In his speech, he said that as Dr. Vijay Kumar in charge of the budget is not in Shillong, he will arrive today and when he arrives, they will sit down to take a decision to release the money.
It is one of the key activities under the AyushmanBhavah campaign which was launched with the aim of ensuring that everyone benefits from the health schemes of the Government of India.
Shillong, Nailur 30: The Director of Health Services (DHS) Dr Aman War today said that 176 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 113 in West Garo Hills and 18 in Ri Bhoi. There are 11 cases in West Garo Hills, 1 case in East Garo Hills, 1 case in North Garo Hills, 1 case in South West Khasi Hills and 1 case in West Garo Hills.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The Cabinet today approved the establishment of the Meghalaya Piggery and Livestock Stock Development Society (MEPS) to promote meat production. The allocation for this project in the next five years will be T.1088.97 crore.
There are 89 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 64 from East Garo Hills, 7 from West Garo Hills, 6 from Ri Bhoi, 5 from South West Garo Hills, 4 from East Jaintia Hills and 2 from East Garo Hills. Hills 1, the total number of recoveries is
Others who were present were Dr Momin, Dr J Lyngdoh, Dr P Shylla and Captain V Rao of NCC.
Under the leadership of Dr. SV Ngachan, Director, ICAR Research Complex, Umiam and Dr. Anup Das, Head, Division, Department of Agriculture, ICAR have taken over Mynsain village since 2013 to train and encourage The farmers without the use of fertilizers were also taught how to turn soh from niut ki nier.
He is also an intelligent man and a skilled speaker who encourages his listeners when he preaches on the status of the Jaitbynriew especially in the midst of the violence and violation of the rights of the Jaitbynriew by the Government of India.
The bags containing the sugar were recovered after the smugglers hid in a house with the intention of smuggling to Bangladesh.
The Seng Kut Snem, which was celebrated on the 23rd of November 2013, today started with a ceremony at Madan Iewryhep. The ceremony was conducted by Rangbah Skor Jala and at Madan Weiking by Rangbah Skor Jala.
Other speakers on the occasion were Carol Kongwang Resource Teacher and Bah Starwin Kharjana President KDA. the right hand to help such people.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: More than 1,000 people took part in a march organized by the Joint Action Committee of Mawlai Pyllun today from Mawlai Nongkwar to Mawlai Mawroh. Dismarlin L Lyngkhoi of the Home Guard Department of the FCI allegedly robbed the drivers of the Saikia Company on the 24th of last month at Mawsmai in Ri Bhoi District.
The meeting was attended by the Additional Chief Secretary of the State Government, RV Suchiang of the Government of Meghalaya. NM Tomorrow.
Both of them began to lose their strength.
“When I asked, she (Secretary) said it was through the Police Department.
In Mizoram, Nagaland and Manipur, the party will negotiate with the people and the government on the issue of railways.
NESO and other groups have demanded that the Central Government should amend the Act, but the Central Government has not listened to this demand and continues to implement the Act. The Central Government should be asked that if the North East is still part of India, it should amend this Act.
More than 1,000 people have signed their names on a poster at Motphran. Bashai Marbaniang said that the signature will be sent to the Chief Minister and all the people. Deputy Commissioner of the State.
Police have taken the body to the Civil Hospital for post mortem.
You who apply for tender in Meghalaya do not earn money by operating 108 vehicles but you must ensure that the people of the State should receive the best services in terms of health facilities.
At the same time, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MDC Mawkynrew Constituency, congratulated the ASHA workers at various Aganwadi Centers and described them as the Spokespersons of the Syiem who have worked hard to take care of this issue. The purpose of the campaign is to raise awareness among the public on the importance of health care especially for the mothers and also for the children who are yet to grow up.
“As this is an urgent matter, this order will come into force immediately in all the areas mentioned here until further notice,” said the Deputy Commissioner.
“At present, it is the duty of the central and state governments to come up with ways and means to address the problems of the state and work for the development of Meghalaya,” he said.
The establishment of this school is due to the vision of the founders of the need for such a school in the rural areas.
The construction of the Muga SSPC in Tura will strengthen the Muga seed sector where the state will be able to produce and distribute Muga silkworm seeds.
The incident occurred especially in front of the State Bank in Police Bazar and in front of the Secretariat.
To open various shops, the Government has authorized the Deputy Commissioners to arrange for the opening of shops but not Khap snniuh shops, saloons, beauty parlors and sha shops on the National Highways. the government hasn’t.
He said that at present the government has not taken any intention to impose load shedding in the state and he said that the government does not want to postpone various examinations. of children and especially at this time when the country is in the process of electing Lok Sabha representatives.
However, at that time a small BSF truck following behind stopped and without any warning, the BSF troops came and started shooting which resulted in the death of Bah Runing.
The Chief Minister said that the government has taken many measures to build the necessary facilities for the people in higher education especially in education.
ACHIK appreciates this invitation but will not come to take part in the meeting to be held in Shillong. ACHIK wants this discussion to be held in Tura on the Reservation Roster.
He said that there are too many schemes sanctioned which the PWD cannot implement.
DPK Multi-Ventures will hold the 1st Umngi Winter Beach Festival 2024 at Dangar, Mawsynram.
Police said that T.45,000/- was seized from Manbhalang Dympep, 25, while the drugs were seized from Pherly Wahlang, 24, and the buyer was Biangdor Nongsiej,
As the farmers' union, they strongly oppose this action of Riad and the Hima.
Police who raided near Byrnihat Out Post immediately arrested Naba Singh.
The conveners of the meeting should appoint many officers to ensure that no incident occurs during the public meeting. For the parking of vehicles, they should inform the traffic police if their assistance is required.
Bangladesh pays tribute to the heroes of India who fought for the liberation of Bangladesh in the 1971 war.
The Freedom Run will be held on the following dates, on 13.08.2021: South West Khasi Hills, West Khasi Hills and West Garo Hills District; The Fit India Freedom Run was launched last year in North Garo Hills and Ri Bhoi District and on 28.08.2021 in South Garo Hills. The spread of COVID-19 has occurred when social distancing has become a new way of life, in order to bring about a healthy lifestyle with compliance with the rules of social distancing.
For residential schools, Rs 10 crore has been allocated for four schools in Jaintia Hills.
“I look forward to seeing many Rangiakura athletes qualify for the Paris Olympics next year,” said Kong Laloo. come.
The Co-Chairman, Meghalaya State Planning Board, Working Group-3, for the first time, has announced to the Government of Meghalaya, as part of the meeting and listening face to face with them. they are found in relation to State Government and Government of India schemes.
The Civil Aviation and Railway Boards are supporting the SHS campaign at all airports and terminals while the ASI has labeled all high-profile areas with SHS branding.
We are extremely concerned about this," she added.
What could happen in the Khadar rule is if the BJP can win more than two candidates as it did last time.
The Chief Minister congratulated the team of the Court Yard and expected that even the guests of the Hotel will receive the services they will enjoy through the Marriott Hotel.
He said that Poultry Farming in foreign languages ​​does not mean only poultry farming, but also the farming of Han, Radha, Turkey and other breeds of poultry in the country. which in these days many of the farmers have increased in income through diligent work in the field of agriculture.
At this meeting, the MDA also discussed what has happened in Assam with the issuance of the NRC. There should be no more places where there is no restriction on the number of people who cannot enter the state.
From just outside the box, he flicked the ball into the bottom corner of the net to double Sawmer’s lead.
Meghalaya has already selected 1700 villages to set up Village Health Councils to look after the health in the villages. treatment to rural areas, such as.
Ransom said that some TMC supporters will join the NPP, while others from the BJP will join the NPP. Shillong, Shillong. Naiwieng 05: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today announced that the National People's Youth Front (NPPF) has distributed 100,000 ballot papers to the land owners in Tura. plastic but these will decompose within 90 days.
He said that this present human heritage is the reason why the environment has been conquered to this extent and it has been a threat to the people on this earth and to bring about a clean and healthy environment. it is only the presence of forests.
Seeing the benefits of these countries, the festival was also held in the North East, in the capital of Meghalaya, Shillong. said Prof Dinabandhu Sahoo, Director of the Institute of Bioresources and Sustainable Development, which belongs to the Central Government.
The Chief Minister today said that two persons from the Civil Hospital Shillong who took samples have received the results and both of them have tested negative.
The BJP-led Union Government has decided to implement the CAB. Union Home Minister Amit Shah, after his arrival from Mizoram, has made it clear that the three States without ILP will be subject to special provisions in the CAB to prevent the entry of foreigners.
Police have arrested the suspect and are investigating the incident.
In this regard, the Committee invites all the youth of the KSU, especially the members of various units of the KSU to come forward and join hands. The KSU has expressed its responsibility for the country and the nation by participating as candidates in this election.
On the other hand, AKHAF said that the government authorities should provide these poor households with a house building scheme so that they can build their own houses as some of them are living in the dorbar hall. and some went to live in the homes of relatives.
“Therefore, please leave that to us, and I will make sure as I said that the revival of the team will not happen and we will never allow that to happen," he added.
Answering additional questions, the Minister said that within the last three months he has visited the area to inspect and he has decided to convene a meeting in April to discuss the issue. how to improve these children's food distribution centres.
Laitumkhrah Unit has been one of the strongest units of the KSU since 1978 when the KSU was first established. KSU Laitumkhrah Unit, the office bearers and full members of the KSU Laitumkhrah Unit, which is the brain to train talented students, the presence of the Laitumkhrah Unit will help a lot to the students who have received training. Laitumkhrah has many schools and colleges in Laitumkhrah.
Shillong, Nailur 13: There are 12 new cases of COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, 1 in East Khasi Hills, 3 in Ri Bhoi and 2 in South Garo Hills. 1, South West Garo Hills 1, West Garo Hills 4 persons.
In accordance with the SCM Statement and Guidelines, a Smart City Advisory Forum (SCAF) has been established in cities to provide advice and facilitate the collaboration of stakeholders.
Sawian said that after receiving the video, the police have issued a statement that Bah Solin is a Bangladeshi. that they have done against him, which is like a violation of human rights.
It was only after the opposition that Conrad Sangma expressed these words and those are just words to cover up their mistakes.
Therefore, on this occasion, the party clarifies that it is ready, and other Baladeshi Bengali people who have a reason with us, will be ready to leave this country and the land. the Shyiap is ours, the blood is ours.
The State Government has organized music nights and various entertainment activities on the 8th of this month at the Polo Ground to celebrate this special day of mothers.
Police said Sakharia was a former member of the HNLC and was arrested and charged under the MPDA and remanded at Williamnagar Jail until he escaped.
The Prime Minister's Kisan Samman Nidhi (PM-KISAN) is one of the largest direct benefit transfer schemes in the world.
They were taken to Williamnagar jail.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04: Four houses in Umjarian village in South West Khasi Hills District have been destroyed by a sudden fire at midnight on Tuesday.
Principal Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Sampat Kumar, Director of HANM Ram Kumar, Dr. J Rangad CMO, Sister Noreen in charge of the hospital also spoke on the occasion. Father Richard Majaw, Vicar General of Shillong, was appointed.
According to the police, three people were staying in the house, but there was no casualty as these three people were not at home at the time of the fire.
This is the first time that the youth of the state have flocked to this recruitment. According to the estimates received, 1800 youth have registered. This is a sign that the youth of this state have also turned to the military as one of the sources of employment and to be proud to be members of the Indian Armed Forces.
This power plant is a construction that has brought honor to the engineers of MeECL as it is the only major project in the state which has been implemented although it has not been completed on time. put.
The history of the Mawpdang Church is more than 100 years old when the church was founded in 1917 by Rev. Vendrame, Rev. Ussai, Rev. C.L.
During this visit to the Pandals, they also held their prayers at each place they visited.
Jowai, Nailar 20: A Tata Nano (AS01E8368) coming from Assam Silchar has collided with a woman near the Weigh Bridge of JHADC Sonapyrdi. Click to get Check-Up.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has stressed the responsibility of all citizens of the country to achieve India's goal of Viksit Bharat by
Before the meeting, a visit was made to the site on the 5th and 6th July to see what needs to be done at the site to expedite the work for the airport. don in Garo Hills.
There were 50 participants in the Bolbering competition, said Bah Banjop. Minister of Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh.
What remains is to get the KHADC authorities who understand to enforce the implementation of these Rules in the Hima Mylliem and other Himas where the Acts and Rules have already been amended and approved.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The Mawshynrut Block Congress Committee (MBCC) has praised and appreciated the hard work of the MUA-II Government under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma as CM. has Rebuildfor.
The purpose of the organization is to promote Jaintia Hills in sports, unemployment for the youth and to urge the government to set up an Engineering College. , Medical College and Agriculture college.
The KSU has also reminded that many of the residents of the state come from low income families and this will also put pressure on the applicants as they will have to spend money on the job. I don't go and I don't sleep.
Mawryngkhang shot Mawpator from behind until his head fell to the bottom of the river.
The action of the government is dictatorship and this shows clearly that this government is now ruled by one person or a dictatorship govt and those who are in the government are also Niangkohnguh and are included in this list. They are the powerful rulers,” said Fredrick Kharmawphlang.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with the CEM of JACSO under the leadership of Bah Wallam Syiemiong as Chairman, he said that the meeting was held on the part of these groups. The construction of the road is for the mining of uranium, and this has been evident from the order issued by the Ministry of Road Transport of the Union Government.
Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh admonished the elders who have become parents “Parents are the teachers of their children through prayer and prayer is the greatest medicine for the family and the long-term survival.
If this happens, who will be blamed, whether it is the people who are wrong or the State Government.
They also demanded that the two suspects should return all the money they stole to the authorities and threatened that if the government does not take action, They will file a complaint against these people within 30 days.
Police have recovered T 25,000/- and several mobile phones from the suspects.
Out of the 29 Elaka Sirdarships – 7 Acts have been passed and in all these 29 Elaka Sirdarships we have not passed the Rules till date.
Also, Myntri Rangbah Duh said that the biennial congratulations bring memories and legacies to the new members.
: means a book that can be read and written (this word was created by Bah HH Mohrmen).
The night curfew is also in accordance with Rule 3 of the Meghalaya Epidemic Diseases, COVID-19, Regulation 2020 and Order No.5 of the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government. This curfew has been imposed throughout the District.
Also present on the occasion was Bah DD Lapang, Senior Secretary to the Government.
According to sources, police have recovered only one body, but it is not yet known who it is. .
Expressing his satisfaction with the reply of the Prime Minister, Bah Rymbui requested the Government to set up a Processing Unit at Amlarem to promote the production of kwai and to market this product. rep.
On the other hand, the Director of Commerce and Industry, Bah W Langstang, said that they want to improve trade relations with Bangladesh and especially Borsora. and it is the largest market in the state.
The opposition's sudden withdrawal from the Assembly on the Work Permit is just a sign, it is shocking to see that Kong Ampareen is still asking, are there Bangladeshis in Meghalaya? Do you have a Bangladesh Colony in Shillong?
The same person also threw a water pipe at Pradip Koch until he was injured.
At present, the area has become a hotbed of drug trafficking and the police have arrested many people in connection with this illegal drinking.
The number of cases in Meghalaya is 4% under 14 years, 15 to 24 years 19%, 25 to 34 years 43%, 35 years old Compared to the number of HIV patients in Meghalaya and India, Meghalaya has 0.13% of HIV positive cases. it is still lower than the national average of 0.48%.
A 2% random sampling of all foreign arrivals is being considered to be implemented at all international airports and to reduce the risk of introduction of the virus into the country.
The community immersion module of IIM Shillong is an experimental training method that includes student feedback and relevant materials.
Speaking as the chief guest, he expressed his gratitude to the Children's Film Society of India (CFSI) and the Cinedarbaar for organizing this screening of these films. the minds of children.
MM Jacob has died in a hospital after a long illness. The former Governor of the state has turned 92 years old.
The patients expressed their gratitude that they have benefited from the Ayushman Scheme which has been a blessing to those families who cannot afford to pay for hospitalization.
Leaders of the Ri Bhoi People's Council led by Jayson Lennox Nongrum and the Meghalaya People's Social Organization (MPSO) led by M. Wanniang have received complaints from many youths. They met with the Chancellor of the University of Science and Technology, Meghalaya, M. Hoque on Tuesday to discuss the issue.
“The Prime Minister said that the Personal Interview has been conducted to look into other requirements of the candidates. The question to ask the Prime Minister in the House is, what are those requirements? Sweeper or other Grade04 jobs through Personal Interview? The fact is that a personal interview is required only for jobs that require a look at the personality of the candidate,” said the statement.
If the government does not do so, the union will shut down all the factories in the state.
In the final phase of the inter-College Quiz Competition conducted by Bah Nicholas Jyrwa, a prominent quiz conductor from the city, seven teams took part in the final phase.
In his closing remarks, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah of Tripura, Jishnu Debbarma spoke on the Covid-19 pandemic and the need to revive the economy.
The two members of the KSU South Khasi Hills District Unit were arrested in connection with the murder of two foreigners Ishan Singh and Sudip Dutta at Ichamati village on 27th October.
The Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that although the government is in the midst of a shortage of funds, for the benefit of the people, the government has taken this decision. of the people in the rural areas.
Instead of going to Mawkyrwat, many of the works of the people can be done only in Ranikor.
Dr. RS Thangkhiew congratulated the KSU and recalled that he had a relationship with the KSU in the years 1978-1
Shillong, Nailur 22: Union Minister of State for Panchayati Raj, Kapil Moheshwar Patil today arrived in Shillong to inspect the schemes and programs of his department. by the Government of Meghalaya.
Congratulating the students who have passed well, he urged the students to take their studies seriously.
Bongaigaon Refinery – Best Farmer Award in 2024; The Best Farmer Award will be awarded to UPPL in
The AJYWO urges the JHADC not to sit idly by as in the past decades but to start working now by fully implementing the Trading License and NESL and The party also urges the 30 MDCs of JHADC to think and take seriously this issue which affects the life and future of the Jaidbynriew.
It is learned that the fire broke out due to the lighting of the mombati of the owners of the house during the power outage but when the electricity went out, the owners of the house forgot to turn it off.
The complaint has also been filed under the Mylliem Act.
Her team works in the food industry.
If the government of Mukul Sangma fails to implement the recommendations of the 13 parties to the government to fight against the mynder, they will be in vain because no new leader or new cabinet will accept the recommendations of the 13 parties. Mukul Sangma has approved the meeting.
Will this mass gathering to wait for passes violate the social distancing requirement?
According to the QRT, the arrested persons confessed that they wanted to send the girls to Delhi and confessed that they received a payment of T.5000/- per child.
On the other hand, Bah Adelbert appealed to the youth to listen to this request and to be willing to wait for what will come out tomorrow from the talks with the government. The outcome of the discussion tomorrow morning will be made public.
The Presidents and Secretaries of all Circles shall be Members of the Executive Committee along with 10 Co-op Members.
Shillong, Nailur 20: The Anti Narcotics Task Force (ANTF) of West Jaintia Hills District today arrested Graceful Sumer, 37, of West Jaintia Hills District on receiving a tip. shop in the market.
Most of the pedestrians who have returned to their villages are young children, those who came to Shillong to study, those who came to work. to the people who have to take this journey to reach the village on foot.
This fund is taken through the opening of the Central Government in which the State Government will be responsible.
Before the start of the blood donation, a meeting was held where the President of CORP, Bah Bandari Ryntathiang, said that the purpose of the blood donation was to help the poor families especially those who are sick. shem jing eh especially for the blood of the blood.
On the other hand, the KSU sees that the talks between the two states, Meghalaya and Assam, have not reached anywhere. protection of people on the border with Assam.
Shillong, Naitung 18: The AdventuRes Group has marked the 186th death anniversary of Syiem Tirot Sing Syiem by distributing food items to the BSF personnel in West Jaintia Hills at the Dawki gate to Bangladesh.
According to R Dhar, president of the Matri Mandir Committee (MMC), the fire broke out at 12:30 pm on Saturday and they went out to pour water until the fire truck arrived.
Aristotle Rymbai, president of the union, said that after the request of the parents and the managing committee, the union has listened to their request and has canceled their strike since today.
Speaking to SP News Agency, MPCC Working President Deborah CH Marak said that the meeting was convened because since the MLA elections in the state, no meeting has been held. the EC of the party.
On the fourth day, 1st June, they will enter Ranikor, Mawsynram, Sohiong, Mawphlang and Pynursla. On the fourth and last day, Shella, Sohra. , Mawkynrew, Nongkrem, Mawryngkneng and will end in Shillong.
It is to be recalled that the Late Bah HS Shylla, Chief Executive Member, KHADC, has stood on the ground to fight against the Government's claim that the KHADC does not have the authority to implement ILP. the Supreme Court in The State of Meghalaya And Ors.
There are 23 recoveries today, 13 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from Eastern West Khasi Hills, 2 from North Garo Hills, 2 from Ri Bhoi, 2 from West Garo Hills and 3 from West Jaintia Hills. The total number of recoveries is 91,8
During this visit, he met with the students, teachers and talked to them. He also met with the principal of the school, Brother Solomon Morris. school.
The meeting was organized by Mr. Wenly Dhar, Shangpung District and Mr. John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MSPB. on May 29, 2014.
The AMCSA has informed the Minister that the EPFO ​​is trying to reach out to various departments of the State Government to force the contractors to register their employees with the Employee's Provident Fund. .
Bah Kynta also spoke on the issue of the border dispute between Assam and Meghalaya, which affects the Khasi and Jaintia people.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: Bansara Eye Care in collaboration with St Edmund's College, MSW today declared Mawkasain Village, East Khasi Hills as a Safe Village. from diseases that can lead to blindness.
“After these years, the army has built a gate known as Dronacharya without permission from the PWD,” he said.
In his speech, the Chief Minister, Dr Sangma, said that it is necessary to separate the judiciary and the executive department of the government so that the judiciary can run smoothly.
After these symposiums, we are delighted to see that NGOs have submitted their ideas for the HCLTech Grant and to work with them to bring about many changes in the society,” said Dr. Nidhi Pundhir, Vice. President, Global CSR, HCLTech and Director, HCLFoundation.
All those government employees who have not yet been vaccinated should ensure that they test themselves every 45 days and submit the result to the officer in charge of their government department.
With this resignation, the Congress EC now has 16 members in the 23-member Assembly. The EC of Bah PN Syiem is still strong.
The table tennis coach of Tamil Nadu has thanked the Meghalaya Table Tennis Association, Ri-Bhoi Police and the district administration for their physical and spiritual assistance in this tragic incident. .
Speaking to reporters, Shembor Langrin, General Secretary of Mawthdaraishan Circle, said, “Through the construction of this road by the company, it has been seen that the Khasi girls in this area have started to use the road. It is very sad that the Khasi girls in this area do this.
Prestone said the state government has sent an inquiry to the Deputy Commissioners of Ri Bhoi District and East Khasi Hills District and the report will be submitted tomorrow morning. The government will not forgive but will not arrest and imprison those involved.
Police have arrested the suspects under the Narcotics Drugs and Psychotropic Act, 1985. A case has been registered at Rynjah Police Station, Shillong.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The KSU today granted bail to Vicky Ranee, a member of the Nongpoh Circle District Jail, Ri Bhoi District.
The Chief Minister also inaugurated a spawn laboratory in Meghalaya and 21 Hindi libraries in Mizoram, Manipur, Tripura and Assam.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) has met with the Symbunt Minister of State, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar to submit a petition for the introduction of a law or policy. scheme for students.
These two sites include the Archaeological Site at Myrkhan Village in Mylliem Block, East Khasi Hills and the Megalith Monument at Rynghep Village, Nongkseh, East Khasi Hills.
The UGC in releasing the names today said that the Bhartiya Shiksha Parishad, Lucknow, UP cannot be announced yet as it is still pending before the District Judge. Article 22(1) of the Act stipulates that only higher education institutions established by the Central Government or State Governments or by Provincial Act or any other educational institution shall be recognized as higher education institutions within the Rule 3 or any institution authorized by an Act of the Parliament of India, which has been recognized by the UGC as not eligible to issue any certificate in the field of education in accordance with Rule 22(3) of the Act.
In these days, the Income Tax Department of the Central Government has sent letters to all those who have deposited a lot of money at this time that they will have to answer the Income Tax by filling up the Income Tax. forms prepared by this office.
The discussion is comprehensive to understand the discussion points on the thought process in public protest.
Through this RozgarMela, the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government has recruited recruits from various Central Armed Police Force (CAPF) such as Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF), Border Security Force (BSF), Shashtra Seema Bal (SSB), Assam Rifles, Central Industrial Security Force (CISF), Indo Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) and Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB) as well as the Delhi Police.
The arrest of the GNLA leader has further strengthened the GNLA.
“The inability to prepare the Mining Policy has affected not only us consumers but also the coal miners but also the revenue collection of the Government,” said Bah Thubru. .
Everlast Nongtdu, You Kong.
Shillong, Nailur 30: Three new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Shillong today, two from East Khasi Hills and one from West Garo Hills.
Shillong, Nailar 23: U Himalaya Shangpliang MLA Mawsynram today met with the Chief Minister's Secretary Prestone Tynsong to discuss the health issues in the constituency.
To resolve this, the Central Government should set up an Inter State Boundary Commission to resolve these issues and set its own timetable for the NE. , including the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), All Assam Students' Union (AASU), Naga Students' Federation (NSF), Mizo Zirlai Pawl (MZP), Twipra Students' Federation (Mani) Pur Union). (AMSU),  Garo  Students'  Union  (GSU)  and    All  Arunachal  Pradesh  Students'  Union  (AAPSU).
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The Congress party today held a meeting of the State Executive Committee to discuss the political changes in the state and especially within the party which have happened in recent days.
Four political parties from Jaintia Hills, including the SRS-EJH, AJYWO-Sengkmie, KSU-JHDU, HNYF-EJZ and FKJGP-KC, have strongly opposed the government's policies. They demanded the immediate repair of the NH 44 from Soomer to Malidor, East Jaintia Hills. They demanded the immediate repair of the NH 44 from Soomer, West Jaintia Hills. They have decided to hold a public meeting at the Community Hall of Khliehriat West on the 5th of this month at 11 am to inform the public about the incident. NHAI and the Government of Meghalaya and also to take a firm decision together with the people against this action of the Government.
Police of Lumdingjri Police Station, residents of Wahthapbroo village under the leadership of Rangbah Shnong Job Rymbai, President of Women's Association Suk Pariat, President of Youth Association Shemphang Lanong. shops have come together to clean.
The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Samlin Lyngdoh Tongkhar was the chief guest on the occasion and spoke on the urgent need for the recognition of the Khasi language to be included in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution. India.
The KSU congratulates her on her passing away and hopes that in the future more Spility Lyngdohs will emerge to protect the Khasi people. Shillong, March 31: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Thadlaskein Unit under the leadership of Samla Conard R Sana, General Secretary Samla Sendmisaoo Phawa, has visited the Khasi Student Union (KSU) Thadlaskein Unit. The training center is located at ITI Khliehtyrshi.
Shillong, November 20: Thousands of children of Nongspung Hima today turned up at the office of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to protest against the complaints against the Syiem. of the Kingdom of Pa'im Patrick King.
Kensimphlang village has been without electricity for several months and because of the installation of an old transformer, it has broken down after several days.
However, the total number of Electors in Dalu Constituency is
Answering questions, Sports Minister Zenith M Sangma said the government has appointed teachers and the number of youths who have received this training has reached
It is on the basis of these promises of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare that the union will end its strike from tomorrow morning.
In East Khasi Hills, Pomlum PHC and Mawphlang CHC in East Khasi Hills were awarded the best hospital in the state.
Replying to a question by Bah Himalaya Shangpliang regarding the LCS in Danggar, the Minister of Home Affairs, James K Sangma, said that there is no LCS in Danggar. The Minister said that the name of the LCS is Balat, but the land falls under Dangngar.
It is estimated that 10,95,389 lakh people have completed the first round of vaccination and 5,99,876 lakh people have completed the second round of vaccination. to 16.95, 265 lakh.
The UDF has 100 MDCs in the 29-member Assembly, two Bah Pynshngiang Syiem and Bah Alvin K Sawkmie are in the seat and Bah Latip is also the CEM. There are currently 10 members and 10 members will be on the Executive Committee and 2 members will be outside the Executive Committee.
Shillong, Naitung 16: To make Tura the second capital of the state, ACHIK has launched a protest by signing its name and urging the people to take part in this protest.
The match started after Rohlupuia's goal. Meghalaya had many chances but couldn't score, but Mizoram managed to score again through Rohlupuia's goal. Open.
The Chief of Army Staff will meet with all the Field Commanders of the EAC at the Commanders' Conference which will be held from the 10th to the 14th.
On the closing ceremony of the Suk Mynsiem 2024, Rgh DL Nongbri, Rgh Khlur Sing Lyngdoh, Rgh Khlur Sing Lyngdoh and others from the 2024 Suk Mynsiem Festival. the organization of the judges.
According to the Bill passed by the House today, once the Bill is approved by the Governor and the Bill will become law, all Kur Sengs and Kur Dorbars will have to register. Shillong, November 17: Under the Meghalaya Heritage Act 2012 and the rules made, according to this Act, the Meghalaya Heritage Act has been divided into two categories. supervised by the Ministry of Cultural Heritage and in urban areas by the Ministry of Urban Development.
Furthermore, it will also be an opportunity for the Government and the private sector to demonstrate their commitment to promote women entrepreneurs in the North East and to create more open environments in the North East. you are the foundation of the house.
Shillong, July 05: The Khatsawphra Land and Forest Owners Association (KLCA) has organized the World Environment Day at Tirot Singh Ecological and Heritage Park, Mairangbah. preserve the environment.
Just six overs were possible today, with Mizoram finishing on 4/1.
The Eucharist is the grace of the Lord Jesus Christ which Himself has revealed to us God's infinite love for us human beings,” said Archbishop Girelli.
Therefore, strong words such as 'tipnang tipdah' and 'tipbna tipphngar' can be used and these are only suggestions if they can be accepted by the public.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The WKHSU, WYF, HYY and HANM of West Khasi Hills District have admitted that they have found that there is a shortage of Tika and This was also reported by the health department officials that the medicines have been run out to prevent the spread of COVID-1
The Director Prof. (Dr.) DM Thappa, praised the working methods of the department under the supervision of Dr. Raphael.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, today announced that the curfew in East Khadi Hills District will be closed. will continue until 7th July 2021 at 5.00 pm.
Maybe they’re not wrong but if we don’t do the challenging work, if we don’t take on the challenging work, how can we progress? If we don’t do challenging work, how can we grow mentally? We should always have a big goal and the government has done this.
Police have registered a complaint against the perpetrators under the provisions of the law and investigation is ongoing to track down the perpetrators.
During the search, police seized 58 boxes of soap and 609 grams of heroin worth T.5.5 crore.
“You should know one thing, my honor, I don't have any relationship with any party, I don't have that relationship with no and no, as alleged by Dr Mukul, but now because of He now alleges that Prestone's death has close ties to the HNLC, which is due to his inability.
He said that since 2019, 40% of the villages in the country have received ODF status. Furthermore, Sikkim has now become a fully ODF state.
The people should know their rights and should seek from the government departments what has been allocated for them.
At this meeting, the KSU suggested to these MLAs that at present the KSU cannot accept the arrival of foreigners especially in terms of the construction of roads in the district. During the meeting, the three MLAs promised to take this issue to the government.
The HYC demands that the Sabhyaga scheme should be investigated by other authorities. The HYC demands that the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) should investigate the Sabhyaga scheme. investigation team does not take together.
On this occasion, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Sanjay Goyal launched a CD entitled “Ki Thied Ki Phniang Ban In Ka Ri” produced by the Youth Association of Nongshad Nongkhein.
On the other hand, the village condemns the former Rangbah Shnong for his actions as Rangbah Shnong even though the village has already removed him from his post.
In his speech, the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Paim, PM Syiem said that in these years, although the Khasi Hima have signed the IOA, they have not signed the soskular to entered India and this remains to this day.
If the killers of the leader of the country and the many lives lost in the incident are released, it will be against the rights of the people.
During the stone throwing, the Khar Bangladeshis also turned to the Indians on the Dawki road, but sadly, the residents of the area said that the BSF does not patrol all day long in the area.
Ibanylla Lyngdoh of Class X of Jidor Sing Memorial Sec School Mawnai with 79% and Erica Queneth Syiem of Class XII (Science) of Mairang Presbyterian Science College. Society".
For more information please see the Israeli Home Front Command website () or any published instructions.
This was stated by the Chief Minister at a meeting held at the Dikki Bandi Stadium in Tura.
Pyntgnenlang Fancon said that since the establishment of the Kitbor Cancer Care Foundation, this will be the first time that they have organized a song with the participation of prominent singers of the state. It does not raise funds to support the families affected by this disease.
I have a desire to preserve the uniqueness of the jaidbynriew and also to develop the Hynniewtrep people of the state in all aspects,” he said.
Amit Shah said that in the past, the working methods during natural disasters should have provided assistance but under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, now the working methods should ensure that there is no disaster. what a loss of human life, not just aid.
So far, out of the 46 Block, only 20 Block have implemented the Direct Benefit Transfer and the Rural Development Department of the State has struggled to prepare for the implementation of DBT in all the Block. block within the current financial year.
On the same day, the party held a public meeting at Mawphlang where the party leader, Bah Wandonbok Jyrwa, explained to the public why they have to hold this protest.
To ensure that there will be no shortage of rice in the state, the government has purchased 11,000 metric tonnes of rice from the Food Corporation of India and 1000 metric tonnes has now arrived in Guwahati for sale in the market.
In his letter, the Chief Minister said that the coal mining in the state is on private land and the mining is done by the people and the ban on coal mining has affected the income. the book of the people and the loss of the government in the form of royalty.
This day is the day to commemorate the 16 elders who fought to preserve their culture and traditions from the invasion of other people from overseas. in the form of religion.
Although Bah Ardent and the VPP leaders have agreed to attend the meeting convened by the government, Bah Ardent's strike will continue until the committee takes a decision to consider. view the Reservation Policy.
It is to be recalled that the union has long demanded from the government authorities to take action on this important issue faced by the people of the area in relation to health, and has already handed over the Petition to the Government since 2012, Letter No : FCJGP/AMC-51, dated: 19th.
We also collect information for the need to establish our own system to be approved by the Legislative Assembly in this regard for the orderly governance of political parties in democracy.
“Just as you don't rest to destroy the peace and stability of our fellow citizens, we will not rest to fight against anyone. even if you don't reach your bloodline.
The union has only taken their names and will soon lodge a complaint with the Syiem of Mylliem Hima or the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
There are 307 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 132 from West Khasi Hills and 77 from West Khasi Hills. The total number of recoveries in the state has risen to 74,0
Shillong, March 30: The Child Welfare Committee (CWC) of East Khasi Hills District has found a child named Esha, 5 years old, from Nongthymmai Nongshilliang, Lapalang. 26 November 2017.
At the same time, the Prime Minister replied that the government intends to build a State Quest House at Khanapara on the site of the Tourism Department and this site will also have public dormitories.
Meanwhile, on the border with Bangladesh from Garo Hills, BSF seized 195 cows worth T.18 lakh along with other smuggled goods.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) West Jaintia Hills today demanded that the state government should resolve the issue of the residents of Khanduli area before continuing the border talks with Assam.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The President of the Hill Farmers Union (HFU) Commander Shangpliang today met with VM Singh, Convenor of the All India Kisan Sangharsh Coordination Committee (AIKSCC) in Delhi. in the whole of India.
The second relationship will oversee policies and procedures to facilitate investment and bring about an open environment by coming up with business proposal platforms and opportunities.
He hoped that this school will not only teach education but will also teach them to become people who bring benefits to the community.
Dr Kashyap spoke about the work of these patriots like Maniram Dewan and Kushal Konwar of Assam, Ranuwa Gohain of Arunachal Pradesh, Tikendrajit of Manipur and others.
Shillong, Nailar 23: Police have seized three suloi from a letter sent by people who went to the office of one of the Khasi newspapers without a signature. ha Wahumkrah where all three were found.
There are 4 recoveries today from Ri Bhoi, 2 from Ri Bhoi, 1 from West Jaintia Hills and 1 from West Khasi Hills.
The BSF hopes to continue to provide such assistance from time to time.
According to the Bill, to take care of them, they must have obtained permission from the District Courts with the consent of the farmers and those who own shops in the body parts. There is a special Board within the Central Government as well as within the State Government to be the overseers and to formulate policies for them.
It has been reported that even BSF personnel are still being injured by foreigners.
It is reported that a year ago there was an incident where the management of the Rural Bank during the appointment process sent people who are not from the same state and this has caused a lot of trouble to the people.
The meeting was led by Bah Shaniahlang Suchen who is also the President of Jaintia Hills Unit and was attended by the leaders of various districts, circles and units in Jaintia Hills.
“If young people protest for justice, the Government calls them community troublemakers and rebels.
Speaking to media, Kharraswai said that in the past they have been promised by the government, now they will continue their indefinite strike while the government has not been able to. meet the requirements.
The KSU leader also warned that if the KHADC ignores these demands, the KSU will not hesitate to hold strong protests.
Shillong, June 13: The Cabinet has decided that only 50% of government employees will be able to attend offices from the 15th of this month, Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong today said.
To develop Mawlai cannot be done alone but it requires the cooperation of the elders and the residents. government too.
Please submit the facts through marksheets on or before 25th July and those submitted after that date will not be accepted or will not be promoted in the list. For those who use WhatsApp please send to this number 82579 60682 or call as information.
Replying to a supplementary question by Bah Adelbert, the Minister said that on the Bill, the Minister said that he has written a letter D.O to the Chief Minister of Assam on the Bill. Bill.
The Union said that the Reservation Policy has been uniform and has brought benefits since
Shillong, July 16: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today met with the Minister of State for Education, Bah Lakmen Rymbui to discuss and explain many issues. related to education in the state.
He has received an 'A' grade from All India Radio and Doordarshan.
In 1990, a group of traditional musicians invited Risingborha from his village to go to All India Radio and Doordarshan Kendra to record songs in the programs of these programs which are special for traditional music.
Agatha said it is the demand of the people of Garo Hills that the Garo language should be included in the Eighth Schedule of the Constitution of India. They will include the Garo language in the list of languages ​​that will be included in the Eight Schedule.
In the singles category, Donboklang R Marak of 1st MLP BN Secondary School won the Best Athlete category while Amandy Rumnong of Loreto Convent School won the Best Athlete category. to win the title of Best Athlete Under 14 in the women's category.
He said that the contract has been awarded for the sanctioned Northeast Council Culture Center in Sector 13, Dwarka.
The khoh containing the ritual items for the pom blang Iewduh is carried by the farmers in the khoh and in the khiew. They went to Lum Pomblang and when they came back they did not turn back until they reached the sad house.
Former Education Minister Amparren MLA , MDC Batskhem Ryntathiang and HYC Central Body President Robert June Kharjahrin were the chief guests who spoke encouragingly about what the college has done For the students of this area, in fact, the students who have passed HSSLC here don't have to go to the city or other places.
I know about these problems you are facing, some of them lack food, others cannot walk, others have to live far away from their homes and relatives.
In the past few days, many people have complained to the union about the increase in the price of beverages but I have told them that when you go to buy something in the shop you should ask for a cash memo so that no one can take advantage of it. at that time they shall be punished according to their deeds.
It was reported that it was in July 2021 and it was paid according to the 5Pay Commission, but in April an order was issued to suspend the payment according to the 5Pay Commission.
The union also suspected that perhaps the reason for the delay was something behind the contract.
Shillong, March 27: BSF troops and authorities of the District Administration of South West Garo Hills District have joined hands to raid and destroy Ganja plantations in Kuligoan village.
According to sources, the police were unable to arrest the suspects after they fled the scene before the police arrived.
At the same time, the Syiem urged those who used to sit on the market to sell their goods in the market to register their names inside the office of the Syiem.
It is surprising that the people who applied for patta for their land have not been given by the government while for the rich it has been given at a low price, they said.
At present, the government has appointed a team of inquiry into these two incidents but they have no confidence in the government's investigation.
A.Sangma and 23 years old.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah Jambor said that on Thursday he visited the area and according to his understanding from the Rangbah Shnongs of Iongkhuli, the village has been destroyed. It is located in the State of Meghalaya and in the Hima Mylliem.
Shillong, November 26: All Christians around the world on the 25th of this month, 2013, have held a special celebration to commemorate the incarnation of the Lord Jesus Christ. image of a child and this day is celebrated as Christmas Day.
Amidst the changes in relations between the countries, the Prime Minister said that the eyes of the world are on India and trust in it has increased.
Shillong, November 16: The Meghalaya SSA Schools Association (MSSASA) has welcomed the government's decision to increase the salaries of SSA teachers. The government has decided to increase the salary of those SSA teachers who have been specially trained under the Right to Education (RTE) Act and the rules of the National Council for Teachers' Education (NCTE). 9200/- to T.19,440/- in Lower Primary Schools and from T.9900/- to T.20493/- in Upper Primary Schools.
The residents learned that the demolition of the parking lot is to build a multi-storey parking lot and as of now the old parking lot has been demolished and the dewbilat stones have been removed from the this bag.
This we have not stopped.
Shillong, Lber 07: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James K Sangma, in reply to a question by Bah Himalaya M Shangpliang, said that the number of health workers who have not yet been vaccinated against COVID-1 There were 2505 and 10% did not want to receive Tika.
A BPO center under the North East BPO Promotion Scheme (NEBPS) was also opened at Majuli, Assam.
At this meeting, Bah Pai Hynniewta was elected as the president.
The main objective of the webinar was to convey the stories of unsung heroes to the public, he added.
At this place, it was found that there was a training on the Muslim faith and a place of prayer. place of religious education without the permission of the Dorbar Shnong.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister said that this is the first hospital in the state where patients can book tickets to get medicines by registering themselves on the website. depending on the busy schedule of the patients, this will help people not to waste time standing in line.
You and your fellow leaders have been a guide for me, and for those who have been with us to shed light on how to turn challenges into victories and challenges into opportunities,” he said.
All jhurm shops, rice shops, meat shops and food shops will be open in the villages and villages as stipulated.
Through this programme, she hopes that the residents of this area will get adequate eye care and also requests them to work together to bring about peace and also to bring about this district. healthy in every way.
The Director of Health Services (DHS) said that out of the 11 persons who tested positive for COVID-19 today, 1 person came from abroad and 10 persons who tested positive were from Ferando Training Centre.
The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly said that the opening of the DTO office in Mairang will ensure that the rules and regulations of the Transport Department are followed by all the residents for the safety and security of the drivers. the inhabitants and all the people.
While the State Government from the past to the present has been ready to provide for the Shnongwir and Shongthap, they have fallen and turned a blind eye to the state residents.
Referring to the Good Governance Week on November 25, which is Christmas Day, Dr Sharma said it has been canceled and replaced by Good Governance Week. Therefore, the people have celebrated this month without affecting Christmas which is the birthday of Atal Behri Vajpayee, the former Prime Minister of the country.
On this occasion, Congress supporters from all over the country, from Congress Bhavan to Langkyrding in front of the office in Meghalaya to protest against the actions of the BJP government. Naitung 26: Uttar Pradesh Police have arrested Bernard N Marak within hours of Meghalaya Police sending a notice to all the states.
He said the country has transformed itself from the Fragile Five in terms of income to the Top Five in terms of income among countries today. progress of India, there will be challenges.
“Drivers have to hold in their hands responsibilities not only for their own lives but also for the lives of others.
The Chief Minister said that it is up to the District Councils to decide how many members should not exceed 40 members, if the ADCs want to reduce the number of members. It is up to them if they want to increase the number of ADCs but it should not exceed
Regarding the employees in group C and D from Monday, they have to arrive at work 33% from Monday. This has been handed over to the Chief Secretary of the state to arrange with the heads of government departments to ensure that the employees. they shall be able to come to work according to their ability.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, President of the Academy, Bah Franky Kharumnuid said that the Academy is delighted to receive recognition from outside the state through the Academy. They have been invited to take part in this National Level competition which is one of the opportunities for the students of this Academy to showcase their talents at the National Level.
Dr G Lyngdoh, Dr RM Lyngdoh, Dr M Rani, Dr CR Lyngdoh, HOD of Political Science were also present.
They also demanded that the rule regarding the working hours cannot be said as it depends on their agreement with the company at the time of employment, regarding the working hours. The minister said, “I don't understand what you mean.
Taking into account the deaths of people in the coal mine, the MHRC has said that the state government should pay compensation to the families of those who died in this incident. “The commission will issue the order,” said Aldous Mawlong Secretary in a statement.
Regarding the tribal states, he said that the number of people is not enough but the distribution of khar ration should not be more than three kilometers away from the distribution point and the place where the people live. .
“Through these steps, Indian students have access to the best institutions in India for higher studies.
On these two Bills, the KHADC has requested the DC(A) and after the return, the KHADC has appointed a Consultative Committee headed by Bah Manstudy Nongrem to consider the bill. The committee has completed the Bill and submitted it to the EC where the Bill was introduced today in the KHADC. Speaking in the House, the CEM said that the Bill is based on the “Tip Kur Tip Kha”. The Khasi people of Shillong still hold on to this “Tip Kur Tip Kha”.
The names of these men and women have been handed over to the Laban Police Station for further investigation.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: A sudden storm has struck the border areas with Bangladesh on Tuesday night, along with heavy cold weather. It is located in Ranikor Block of South West Khasi Hills District.
Bull was prominent in the anti-Nepali movement in 1987 which was also known as the 2nd Anti-Foreigners Movement after the anti-Kharbangla movement in 1979 led by Michael Syiem.
The arrested persons have been scheduled to appear in court on 17th July, 2023 and the police have also requested the court to remand them in custody so that they can investigate further. further investigations.
Sudipta Hore, former Principal of Laban Bengali Girls Higher Secondary School, gave a speech of thanks and explained about the hard work of the trainees and praised the teachers who have dedicated themselves to teaching. him.
The nine-day detention of the two KSU leaders has ended today, but no one has come to apply for bail.
The HYC West Khasi Hills District, Mairang Circle and the Women Wings of the North West Khasi Hills District have held a memorial service for Tirot Sing Syiem in Mairang today. sun.
This shows that MP Vincent Pala does not have that responsibility for the people of Bapli and what he thinks for the poor people in this area.
We need long-term solutions to address the damage caused to living things by global warming and natural disasters.
U Bah Carmel Sohtun MDC of Laitkroh today passed the bill in the House saying that it is a bill that does not respect the voice of the people. They complained that they have not received any notice from the House that the current session will be held but they have received an SMS on their mobile phones.
Shillong, March 27: The Sacred Heart Girls' Higher Secondary School (SHGHSS), Mawlai, today celebrated the Parents' Day with the theme of this year's celebration being “ Parents are God's most precious gifts.
Police have seized his mobile phone from Rongkhon, West Gao Hills District.
Police, after evicting the GNLA members from the area, also set fire to the GNLA camp built of wood.
He said that the village is now in the DC(A) department to send to the Governor for his approval so that these three names can take over as EMs of the village. of JHADC. (SP News).
The discussion was conducted by Ratul Baruah and the welcome speech was delivered by Gopajit Das MCO PIB Shillong.
During the meeting, the Minister of Home Affairs said that the government will provide protection to all the citizens of the state.
Adjournment today- Waikhlempud will not be able to attend the meeting without any delay.
On the other hand, the residents of Dawki area, the villages below Nongtalang where there are Mawshun mines, have complained that the water tanks and wells have been broken due to the mining of Mawshun. get a drink.
He said that his face is stem colour, blue eyes. If you want to know more, please call 0364-2
Shillong, Lber 26: The Governor of Meghalaya, Ganga Prasad, on his visit to Delhi today met with the Home Minister of India, Rajnath Singh at his residence.
These drugs were hidden in the forest and on receiving this information, the BSF searched the area and seized these drugs which were intended to be sent to Bangladesh.
Balanus Mawroh of Nongjri Wahsier and Eterness Khongsngi of Nongjritluh have been identified as Balanus Mawroh of Nongjri Wahsier and Eterness Khongsngi of Nongjritluh. The suspect was handed over to the Pynursla Police Station.
This will be the first time that a Union Minister will visit the border area with Bangladesh. The meeting will be held at Ampati in South West Garo Hills District in the presence of state officials.
Shillong, Nailur 11: The PRO of NEIGRIHMS in a statement today said that the hospital has not set up a pharmacy to provide medicines to the patients who go for treatment at the central government hospital. .
KSU President Daniel Khyriem said that the 14 political parties strongly condemn the actions of the Election Commission of the state. The Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of P Naik, P Naik, has been trying to increase the number of foreigners in the state from time to time. on the Electoral Roll of the State.
“You shall follow and obey the orders and instructions of this Dorbar u Syiem of Mylliem Hima in all matters according to the customs, traditions and laws which have been issued or will continue to be issued from time to time. relating to the Hima Mylliem,” said the Sanad read out by the Syiem of Mylliem Hima.
HANM – East Jaintia Circle urges the District Court to punish the Dkhars under the rules of law. Therefore, others who commit crimes do not care if they get bail.
Rev.T Mukhim in his message to the Christians who attended the Synod service held today at the Presbyterian Church, said Rev.T Mukhim. explain
Many are worried about how many more days they will have to stay like this.
On the part of Samla Shaniahskem Dkhar, he congratulated the Seng Khynthei of the Raij Tuber for taking this responsibility in the country to gather our children who are left behind so that they will not fall in life. They are the children of those who have lost their parents.
Shillong, Naitung 16: The Khasi people are the smallest and oldest ethnic group in the region, but there is no accurate knowledge of the culture, so it has not appeared in the ancient history of the region. continent.
On the additional question of Bah Meralborn Syiem that the villages which have lost their transformers have not received light because they cannot pay the light bill, the Minister said that the government will continue to do so. think about how to do it.
The heavy rainfall has caused a lot of trouble to the traffic police who have tried and worked hard to relieve the heavy traffic jam on this day due to the traffic jam.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the Speaker of the House, CLP Leader Dr. Amapreen Lyngdoh said that the letter they sent was to demand that the Speaker of the House should change the name of the candidate. MLAs for violating the provisions of the Tenth Schedule of the Constitution.
In fact, the government has issued an order to implement the way bridge from 22nd November but it has been postponed until 28th March.
Referring to Bah M Kharkrang, Bah Michael said that he has just started in the party and he is a great thinker, the party welcomes such great thinkers which the party welcomes.
He said that no one should shake hands during their speeches.
“As it will also be my last meeting with me as President, I invite the teachers to come so that on this day MUPSTA which is a group registered since 1993 will celebrate its 30th anniversary. year," he said.
The NLCN was formed in the Eastern Range (Khasi and Jaintia Hills) by youths from Khasi-Jaintia Hills with the intention of attacking the Government and committing terrorist acts by purchasing firearms and explosives. to demand money, to recruit members, to send for training of members, to establish peace camps and to participate in military activities.
KSU President Samla Marngar said that no government department should play with the welfare of the youth from now on. The offices in charge of the work are no longer the mistake has been made to deceive the students of the state.
Vellore, November 12: The Minister in charge of PWD and Construction, M.Ampareen Lyngdoh, accompanied by the Parliamentary Secretary, Brigady N.Marak and government officials, visited the Meghalaya House. don in Vellore.
However, on the morning of Monday at about 9 pm, it was reported that the body of this mother was found by fishermen from Umshing Umsohlang, Mawlai Kynton Massar.
The Director of Health Services (DHS) said that to prevent the spread of the disease, the public should follow the three guidelines of the government, namely to wear masks in public places, to wash hands regularly. time and social distancing at destinations and avoiding leaving home unless they are overworked.
The western states of India with the highest score were Kerala with 73.36%, Tamil Nadu with 73.03% and Andhra Pradesh with 72.63%.
The ULFA member said that he has a close relationship with Dristi Rajkhowa Dyc-in-C, ULFA and his followers as he used to smuggle weapons to them.
He further emphasized the need for continued vigilance and preparedness to mitigate the impacts of such disaster in the future.
He said that all polling stations should have outlets and drinking water, there should be places to assist voters. The commission has also launched an App called eVIGIL which the public can access. You can appeal to the Commission if you have done anything wrong.
From Balat to Shella to pass through the border with Bangladesh and this road has been laid under the NLCPR scheme. There are dozens of villages along this road and this road is very bad.
Youth and community participation, dialogue with women, dialogue with farmers, dialogue with labourers.
The US has ensured that Indian purchases from countries under its control are not affected.
On the other hand, the Governor said that this issue will be discussed with the government after the elections.
The total number of voters in Meghalaya is 1,553,0
The Global Health Service has a contract with the UKSSA. The UKSSA operates 108 Ambulances and 102 in Delhi and in 2018 there was a protest by the employees that the company has not paid the salaries of the employees because the Government. “Chikitsa is under investigation by the CBI in Rajasthan for operating ambulances,” said Bah Kharraswai.
Therefore, a strict law is needed to protect the rights of children and it has been passed.
Munnar, Kerala is 110 km from Aluva Railway Station, 130 km from Ernakulam Railway Station and 135 km from Madurai Railway Station.
On the other hand, Bah Erwin said that the government should not take this seriously, the government should have called for talks with the KSU by putting behind the feelings of my mother for the sake of your benefits are not limited.
The union congratulates the PWD for completing the cleaning of the road from Sumer to Kyrdemkulai, Lat Zero to Pham Kyrdem Kulai and from Udiker to Zero Point. The cleanliness of the house has made it easier for the people to travel.
LSD control procedures and recommendations including vaccination, treatment and surveillance have been distributed to the states and UTs for implementation to control the disease on a timely basis.
Ed).
In another incident, a truck carrying coal while heading to Sohra overturned before reaching Sohra village. In this incident, the driver of the truck (AS0-1A-6713) was injured. take him to the hospital for treatment.
There are 327 recoveries in the state and 17909 people have recovered so far.
On the placards they wrote, “Government give us the right to sit every day” while another placard read “Government appoint members in the MPSC and DSC for persons with disabilities to look after our 3% job share"
Magistrates and Police who surrounded the Secretariat blocked the way for the VPP leaders while they were trying to turn to the Secretariat.
"India is now on the verge of becoming a world leader, it is necessary for the country and its stakeholders to take action and create rules to support tobacco users. so that the health of the people can be improved.
The Division Bench of the Meghalaya High Court on 16.2.17 confirmed the decision on the PIL filed by Bah Tirot Sing Syiemlieh. The meeting was held at Laitkor on 7.2.17 in the presence of the CEM of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem, former CEM Bah Ardent M. Basaiawmoit, MLA and other dignitaries. The victory of the PIL of Bah Tirot Sing Syiemlieh is only due to the failure of the lawyers of KHADC in the Meghalaya High Court.
“As we know, Meghalaya does not produce drugs itself, the drugs that come to Shillong and in Meghalaya come from other states and other countries,” he said.
The ceremony was attended by the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa,im Ainam Manik Syiem, the Ministers of the Hima and the people who came to witness the ceremony especially from the four kurs and one kur.
The match will start at 6.
On the other hand, the Chairman agreed to talk to the Chief Executive Members to discuss the proposal to hold an urgent public meeting.
Shillong, June 11: The Minister in charge of Factories in the State, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, in reply to a question by Bah Syntar Klas Sunn regarding the factories in the state, said that He said that according to the rules, any factory that comes to Meghalaya must employ 60 percent of the villagers.
Shillong, Lber 15: In the past few days, an article has been spread through social media, and according to the sources, it was explained that this article was written by Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw through Facebook.
"It is better to be illegally called patriotic than the hypocritical law enforcers who will become a curse to the country and the nation for the present and future generations," he said. added.
In Chhattisgarh, the BJP has won 54 MLAs, the INC 33, the GGP-1 and the BSP-1 in the 90-member Assembly. and CPI-1
Uma Lakiang concluded by saying that the Sengbhalang will be responsible if there is any tragic incident in these days.
India arrived here with the arrival of many mynder and their insults.
Up to 10 persons were arrested and drugs were seized from their bodies.
There have been some successes, but the disease has become so widespread, the disease has spread so much that we have to try harder and that too at all levels, not only at the government level and we need to keep tearing it apart.
Like his other teachings, it comes from the wisdom of the country from ancient times which is still applicable and followed in the 21st century and in our daily lives.
According to the latest news received from Dawki, there was no incident of incident by the BGB troops today.
The program was organized by MASCOM in collaboration with the Office of the Deputy Commissioner, Jowai and Riti Academy of Fine Arts Shillong.
It means to be bright in good deeds, it is a light that has a rongphong in it, to dance, to rejoice, to play, to sing, to sing.
The death toll has risen to
Speaking to media, the Executive Member of the Town Committee, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said that the EC has decided to adopt the Town and Country Planning Act 1973 as the basis of the law. It will be one of the authorities to issue building permits with its own department.
For this we have to change the attitude towards poverty alleviation in the country. It should not be done as an aid, but as our duty towards building a bright future for the country because we have been able to free ourselves from poverty.
In his speech, the Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, said that on behalf of the government, the Cabinet Ministers and the people of the state, they express their deep sorrow over the passing away of the former Chief Minister and Lamphang. the State Legislative Assembly.
Shillong, July 02: The search operation for the missing persons in the coal mine at Ksan village in East Jaintia Hills is ongoing. The 100 HP pumps can pump up to 500 GPM of water. The NDRF today said that 120,000 liters of water has been pumped per day.
“However, so far, not a single member has escaped from jail despite the struggle of Muktiar.
This Linage Act shall enforce this and therefore there shall be no order of Jongno Jongno which shall not be in accordance with the Act which has been sent by the District Council and approved by the Governor of the State. .
This shows that there is some intention behind the Council in this regard.
His resignation was to take responsibility as the party leader in connection with the party's defeat in the last election.
Therefore, the AIM will hold across the country as well as here in Meghalaya under the leadership of the AIM State Unit.
The Minister promised to provide staff, equipment and accommodation to the staff of the PHC and expressed her special thanks to the Special Purpose Vehicle Society undertaken by Lafarge Umiam Mining Private Ltd.
Superintendent of Police East Khasi Hills Rituraj Ravi said that although the police have not received the complaint, they have found the bottles of bilor lying on the road. and an investigation was conducted.
Earlier, in March 2023, India hosted the Country Led Initiative under the UNFF in Dehradun, with the participation of leaders from 40 countries and 20 groups from different countries and in this, consultations on forest fire control and accreditation of forest areas were held.
They also alleged that the KSU has been misled about the dangers of uranium.
The South Shillong constituency is led by Sanbor Shullai of the BJP while the Ranikor constituency is led by Pius Marweiñ of the United Democratic Party (UDP).
At the same time, the government has directed all the officers within the health department to direct the public how to prevent the spread of the disease even in the areas that have not yet been affected.
This shows clearly that the poor are getting poorer and the rich will get more and more. The Seng is deeply saddened by the grief and sorrow of the people.
The Cabinet has approved the appointment of the State Education Commission. The Government has appointed the State Education Commission today. It will have four members, one Chairperson, two Vice-Chairpersons and one Chairperson. the tenth secretary.
Shillong, Nailar 01: The SELDD of the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Synod (AfSDI) has extended the deadline for registration for the 2013 FIFA World Cup. The Shillong Run-10K, 2023 is scheduled to be held on the 12th August, 2023 at 5:30 AM starting from the Parking Lot, Polo.
Shillong, November 25: The Central Government has released T.63.50 crore for the irrigation of Baghmara in South Carolina Hills District, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma today.
The meeting decided to appeal to the residents to support all those who have been infected with COVID-19 so that there will be no discrimination against them.
Nanandro B.Marak is a non-pesticide farmer from West Garo Hills, Meghalaya.
This is the party's suggestion to the Chief Minister, as the party has requested that a special session should be convened to discuss this.
At present, the North East of India has a lot of resources but what is needed is to provide the media according to the needs of this area and region. NECTER is now encouraged.
Speaking to reporters after the march which started from Madan Iewrynhep in Laitumkhrah and ended at Khyndailad, the leader of the group, Denzil, said that they demand from the Ministry of Home Affairs. The Central Government has ordered the appointment of a CBI team of inquiry into the incident in Agartala.
GNC President Clifford Marak said he had already seen that the government would not accept the implementation of the ILP in the state.
He said that the CLP has not yet held a meeting, but the secretary of the CLP is now Bah Kenedy Khyriem, but what he knows is that the CLP has not said anything on this issue.
It should not be a temporary solution but an ongoing one.
The arrested were Bakul Chakma, Supayan Chakma and Phani Bhusan Chakma, members of the Local Union Council. said Suhas Chakma, Director of the Asian Center for Human Rights.
There is a saying “ The Blood cries”.
On the day when the French hanged Kiangnangbah at Iewmusiang, Kiangnangbah said, “If my head turns east, the country will get independence within 100 years”. Indeed, after 84 years of the death of Kiangnangbah, India gained independence.
The seized sugar was handed over to the Police for further investigation.
There are about 15 to 17 GNLA members in the camp.
Shillong, July 05: Meghalaya today celebrated the Environment Day across the state.
Shillong, Lber 04: The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) has decided to contest the MP election from both the seats in Meghalaya.
The Dorbar expresses its regret to note that apart from the two Khasi States, the Hima Nongstoin and the Hima Maharam, which have Rules issued by the KHADC, there are 23 Khasi Hima. States do not have rules created by the KHADC authorities, which has led and opened the way many times to the interference of various political parties, until the rise of the White House and sometimes even the The Supreme Court of India.
When this Act comes into force, the Dorbar Shnong Dorbar Thaw which have been established since the time of our ancestors will lose the powers conferred on them in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
What comes out of “Bunkam” is useless or useless.
On the other hand, the District Administration has rushed to the scene to stop the clashes between the army and the residents of Mawshabuit area.
E-mail: elevenasc@rediffmail.com.
The MDA today announced the name of Bah Metbah Lyngdoh as the government candidate.
There are 1081006 lakh male voters, 1105142 female voters, 3848 thousand unemployed and 3 unemployed voters. The Draft Electoral Roll will be released tomorrow. If anyone wishes to register and apply for the names, it will be from 27/10/2023 to 9/12/2
Shillong, September 27: The Commissioner and Secretary, District Council Affairs Department, Government of Meghalaya today issued a government announcement that the mid-term MDC election for the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council and Jaintia Hills District Council will be held in on the 13th of November this year.
At present, the state has a production of 25,000 metric tonnes per annum, the Chief Minister said, adding that he hopes that the establishment of this factory will help to supply this fertilizer.
All these parties cannot go outside the law, the escape and formation of new parties by politicians is for selfish gain and only how to stay in power, that is why Purno A Sangma u He has not been able to fulfill the aspirations of the Garo people to get the state since he was in the Congress, NCP or NPP until his death.
: Seven farmers from Meghalaya have been awarded the Millionaire Farmer of India Awards 2023 at a ceremony held in Meghalaya. at PUSA Square, New Delhi.
He said that the Union has requested the Government and especially the relevant department to sympathize with them as many of the workers are in the midst of suffering in their homes. Their families are more likely to suffer.
This is his view on swadeshi and it still has to do with us because we are still working with the countries of the world whether it is for our income, health, education and society. .
Answering questions, Denzil said the problem of the people of Tripura will be the problem of the North Eastern states of India, due to the illegal entry of people from Bangladesh.
Shillong, June 23: The Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, Iswanda Laloo has informed all the Rangbah Shnongs of the district that the office has released the quota of rice and Dai for the month of June. of the Prime Minister's Poor Welfare Anna Yojana (PMGKAY) scheme.
Chief Minister Cornad K Sangma, Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma also delivered their condolences. Father Rev Paulson of the Archdiocese of Oakland at the place of the death of the Archbishop and there were also readings of condolences from the church leaders.
The delegates of the B20 Conference in Mizoram wanted to trade with local entrepreneurs and the State Government will provide the necessary support for this to grow.
On the other hand, Bah PN Syiem said that while the KHADC will not issue NOC for the road from Wahkaji to Mawthabah, the decision will be sent to the Central Government to inform. The EC has taken this decision that if these other development schemes in the area cannot be implemented, they will fail.
At present, 29 candidates have registered their nomination papers and the deadline for withdrawal of nomination papers will be on November
As we can see from the incident, the delay in extinguishing the fire and the spread to the neighboring house, is the reason why there is no Fire Service in the area.
In his speech, Bah Metbah said that it is necessary to have this training centre, because the training that can be provided at this center will be very beneficial to the people.
At the same time, he congratulated the Hima Nongstoin for being one of the Hima which has enacted Acts and Rules of the Hima Nongstoin since
Jowai, Lber 17: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) and the Jaintia Students Union (JSU) in a statement sent by Bah PL Majaw, President of the JYF Sengkmie, have congratulated and thanked the SP & DC of the JYF Sengkmie. Madonbai Rymbai, Ex-CEM of JHADC and MDC of Amwi Khliehtyrchi Constituency, has been arrested. I don't want to hear that according to the leader of the people who was elected to be the leader to protect and clean up the land of the indigenous people, he is instead an intimidator of the leaders of the Sengbhalang who fight the evil of corruption.
Ronnie V Lyngdoh MDC from Mylliem today brought a Point of Order before the House to accept the report. The Nongpoh Town Committee was brought into the House on 11/3/2
On the other hand, the President of PDAM urged the public to be vigilant as there is no ethanol in petrol.
The Chief Secretary will be accompanied by the Principal Secretary, Director of Education and other government officials.
She urged the states of the North East to take part in the initiative to strengthen the safety of adventure sports activities in the country including the North East.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 20 cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills District.
The Director of the Locarno Film Festival has selected 10 feature films and a program of short films, announced as World or International Premiere at the festival's official sections, which deal with the relationship between man and nature. .
He also led the country to a deep friendship with Russia through the 2000 alliance.
This was stated by Bah B Rynga, President of FKJGP Southern Zone.
Speaking at the public meeting, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangam, said that this is a memorable day and this visit is to show that both the states want to resolve this issue. it shall not be done without understanding.
On the other hand, the Seng insists that these posts should be filled by the state residents as the work will be easier in terms of language and knowledge of the places.
You have killed Bah Cheris, kidnapped Sibsing Syiem, forced our leader Wickliff Syiem to arrest, imprison and destroy all the Hynniewtrep leaders whom you do not like.
Metbah said the UDP has not thought that the NPP will move a no confidence motion against the Executive Committee led by the United Democratic Alliance (UDA).
According to the Rangbah Shnong, three persons were involved in the incident while two of the disciples were arrested by the crowd and another person involved in the rape of the woman fled the scene.
“If the government doesn't do this, it's because the government has written,” she said.
On the other hand, the KSU leaders who met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare today demanded that the government should immediately set up a hospital for these patients. There is no such thing as a detoxification centre.
Shillong, March 02: The Catholic Church has set aside this month of November to commemorate all the souls of the deceased brothers and sisters and to pray for their souls to rest in peace. end in heaven.
The Working President of FKJGP, Western Ri-Bhoi, Bah L.Syngkli, said that the FKJGP expresses its deep sorrow over the neglect of the people by the government. a doctor who serves tens of thousands of people in Western Ri-Bhoi.
In its decision, the High Court today made it clear that the Cabinet Ministers in the Central Government shall be sent by the Prime Minister to the President. The Governor and the District Council shall be the CEM to send the nominations to the Governor.
On the other hand, the village officials of Jaiaw Umphliew said that they received the tip at about 5 pm and immediately informed the police to come and the incident happened on the other side of the Umkrhah road in Mawlai. Sacred Hearth.
Many elders and former employees of this newspaper were present to mark the occasion.
This is the desire of the government to bring the services of the government closer to the people.
This can cause panic and injury to the residents who pass through these areas, as it appears that the army departments even threaten to shoot dead those who pass through these areas. verbally or in writing.
The robbery occurred on Sunday night at a mobile phone manufacturing plant where many mobile phones were available. Police are collecting information on the value of the mobile phones. This is the mobile version of Ya Enterprise.
The Government should ensure that it does not affect the quality of education.
Shillong, July 19: The Minister in charge of Power Department, Meghalaya, Clement Marak will visit the Myntdu Lehksa Hydel Power Project to get detailed information on the work at the Myntdu Lehksa Hydel Power Project. .
The Minister also held a meeting with the people and Rangbah Shnong of Nongstoin who explained to him about various issues.
Shillong, July 15: U Bah Rangkynsai Kharbuki EM in charge of the Ministry of Trade and Industry, on Tuesday said that there is an allegation that more than 100 files are not in the office. still have to be sent even to find out the truth.
The State Government should know and understand that the registration of four cases against the members of the FKJGP will not intimidate at all but the members of the FKJGP will continue to be the chairman to prevent the mynder from entering freely. Our state and the prisoners will not discourage us but they are an encouragement to the members of the Sengbhalang and all these show and show clearly that there is no attention on the part of the Government in relation to you issue pictures, you said.
The union has suggested to the district authorities through the DC to visit the examination centers to see for themselves whether the preparation for the CUET examination is sufficient. from the 15th to the 18th of this month.
In Mawphlang, UDP candidate Eugenson Lyngdoh won with 4401 votes while Congress candidate Kennedy Cornelius Khyriem won with 8884 votes.
The Lumshnong C&RD Block was inaugurated by the Chief Minister on 5th November 2022, but until 2nd June 2024 when the President of the HSPDP Jaintia Hills met with the Minister of Rural Development, it has not been operational.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The KSU Eastern Border Area and KSU Shillong Mihngi Circle on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). agents who intend to auction the land known as Wah Swad Umsohlang which falls under the jurisdiction of the Khyriem Hima.
"“We understand that the officers and employees of the Soil and Water Conservation Department are involved in supplying and selecting contractors at will without calling tenders in the proper manner to allow young people who have learned city ​​that doesn't need donjam.
The training is for the newly elected MLAs in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly to enable them to participate better in the decision-making process in the Khaddar administration.
The leader of the teachers' union said that this is a misguided leadership, if it is the government that takes responsibility for the cleanliness of others and the residents, it should be renewed in such a way that it does not affect but the The honor that the MDA government has given is that the teachers should sleep on the ground.
The Director of Health Services, Dr Aman War, said that the curfew and the declaration of containment area is to make it easier for those who have been in close contact with those who have tested positive for COVID-1
Shillong, Iaiong 27: The Expert Committee appointed by the State Government to review the State Reservation Policy on the quality of jobs in government jobs under the chairmanship of Justice (Retd. .) Mr.Mool Chand Garg.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The All Meghalaya Ad Hoc Lower Primary School Association (AMALPSA) today staged an indefinite strike against the corruption of the All Meghalaya Ad Hoc Lower Primary School Association (AMALPSA). government.
Police have received a complaint on 19/2/2024 from Bah Synsharlang Nongyndah from Umtangar village of Ri Bhoi District that on 18/2/2024 the body of a child was found. years old on 17/2/2
Reports from the KHADC said that although it is currently in financial difficulties, the salary increase for the MDCs will not affect the budget of the KHADC, if the government releases the allocation of MDCs. The KHADC has done what it should have done.
Therefore, the BJP hopes that this year will be good news for the people of Meghalaya.
Before distributing the awards, the Secretary Club, Ma Henry Manar, said that the distribution is part of the distribution of the awards to the children of the village in terms of education. That this is also for others who will take their examinations in the future to follow this same example so that it will bring glory to the village as a whole.
These teachers who have not been employed yet have completed their Diploma in Elementary Education from government institutions.
The DoT's PM-WANI is an initiative approved by the Union Cabinet led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi to extend broadband through public Wi-Fi networks.
“Last year, we received an allocation of Rs 33 crore for MGNREGA, which has helped more than 25,000 households.
We demand that the Government should implement a Welfare Scheme for us,” said Kong Nongkhlaw.
Therefore, this case has not come to fruition and these refugees have not yet received their rights.
The JAC Chairman, Bah Laong, said that the promise of Dr Mukul Sangma, the Chief Minister in 2018, is merely a political move.
The eagerly awaited semifinals will now follow next week.
If we look at the revenue of the State Government as shown through the State Plan Outlay and Expenditures, it has been increasing over the years.
According to information received, in 2007, the owner of a factory in North Korea was shot dead in front of 150,000 people after he was accused of talking abroad on 13 phones. of your factory.
Regarding the travel between one state and another, those who have already issued both the Tika will be allowed and this will be for traveling from one district to another.
“Now there is a shift and interesting stories are the ones that people from all over are accepting despite their difficulty in understanding the language," Shetty said.
The failure of MeECL to install transformer stations in the rural areas is not only in this village but across the villages in the rural areas almost throughout the state.
The Federation has made it clear that if this cannot be resolved, they have no choice but to go to the United Nations to demand their rights according to the soskular signed by the IOA & AA.On the other hand, the group today said that this is a violation of the human rights of the minorities, in which thousands of people will be affected in terms of income. Many of them have lost their income in the field of agriculture.
When the BSF troops learned that the Bangladeshis had entered India, they shot them but the Bangladeshis who came by boat and cargo instead of fleeing to Bangladesh shot the troops. This prompted the BSF to open fire and bomb them.
The outbreak of Covid-19 has affected many households in Meghalaya at this time where many households especially those who live on food and wages have been severely affected. .
He said that freedom, equal assembly, access to justice will solve the problem of insecurity and conflict between groups or between individuals.
The HYC said that they have all faced problems together, fought together and helped each other in these days.
The MCEU has decided to inform the government that they have come to Shillong to hold an indefinite strike and will continue the strike until the government calls for speak to speak to the demands which they have put before it.
The Management congratulates the team and hopes that they will reap the fruits of victory in this tournament.
In the North East, the Assam Rifles Public School is the first sports school to be announced under the Khelo India scheme.
Lalremsanga's Legal Consultant said the Legal Notice would be the last chance to correct the wrongdoing that has defamed him.
The last date for withdrawal of candidacy for all these 12 States and UTs has fallen on June 22, 2024.
The victory was announced by the Returning Officer, Bah L Kynjing SDO of Sohra Civil Sub Division after the counting of votes.
When asked whether the VPP will be the opponent of the NPP in the Lok Sabha elections, Sniawbhalang said, “The VPP has its own vote bank, the Congress has its own vote bank, the The BJP has its own vote bank and so does the NPP.
Speaking on the policies of the present government which has created lakhs of jobs in companies, the Prime Minister gave the example of the automotive industry which has contributed more than 6.5 percent to the country's GDP.
If this roster is managed, there will be a reservation policy for all.
Regarding this statement of the Deputy CEM, the MDC of Mylliem urged the Executive Committee to punish those who lodge unfounded complaints against the Chief Executive Members. the village is created.
Investigation has revealed that some of the arrested youths have joined the HNLC and are now on their way to Bangladesh through the border from Mawsynram.
The HNLC also arrested four people.
On this occasion, the Minister congratulated the people of North Garo Hills who have welcomed the Dudhnoi-Mendipathar railway line which will start operating in this month. April.
The Legislative Assembly has approved the allocation of T.16690,16,14,000/- crore, as it has not been approved by the Legislative Assembly. T.1240,25,33,516/- and today the House has released T.1780,87,32,659/- crore and the expenditure of the Government till 31/October/2023 will be T.19,711,28,80,175/- crore.
During the inspection, it was found that the remaining work is only to clear the areas under Mawiongrim to reach GS Road. they are still throwing stones to cleanse the colour.
On the other hand, the Seng would like to thank the CEO of Shillong Municipal Board for taking the initiative to send his staff to clean up the area.
Now we are about to enjoy the fruits of many of our dreams.
The wealth of the state in the tourism industry is for the benefit of the residents of other states, said KHNAM.
COMSO would like to thank the Directorate of Infiltration for their cooperation and we hope that this cooperation to protect the State from the infiltration of foreigners will continue in the coming days.
“This certificate teaches us how to work better, improve our performance and make decisions,” said the Chief Operating Officer, Bah Damien Marwein.
At this time when the government has ordered the people to stay at home to prevent the spread of the coronavirus.
This shows that the country has progressed in many ways.
The KSU Thangrain Unit has planted 100 trees in Thangrain village.
This is the goal of the Election Department not to leave the citizens who are entitled to cast their precious vote to elect their leader to the Lok Sabha this time.
In East Jaintia Hills District, heavy rainfall has caused damage in two blocks including Wapung and Saipung.
On this day, the Border Security Force (BSF) also celebrated this day by following all the rules and regulations. The people also celebrated this day to welcome the pyrem in their homes.
During the meeting, he said that he had monitored the implementation of various schemes.
Inside the bag.
The names of all the selected candidates for the All India Selected List (AISL) will be announced at the office of 11 Airmen Selection Centre, VIP Chowk, Borjhar, Guwahati (Assam) – 781015 on the 30th of this month. The same list will be sent to all the offices of District Magistrates.
Shillong, Lber 29: U Lieutenant General Subrata Saha, Deputy Chief of Army Staff (P&S), who also holds the rank of Colonel of the Assam Regiment and Arunachal Scouts, has resigned from his post. on the 31st of this month after serving the country for the past 39 years.
The training was known as the Student Interactive Program in which youths from all the states of the region came to participate.
Under the Asian Development Bank scheme, three new classrooms have been constructed for Manikanj Secondary School and seven classrooms have been constructed for Damascus Secondary School.
The roster will be exclusively for those young people who are looking for work.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the President of the HNYM said that the HNYM will not allow the government to hold a public hearing for this proposal.
Bah Sanbor expressed his gratitude to the landowners for their cooperation in the development works and their generosity which has brought benefits to all the people of the village.
The closing date for submission of nomination forms will be on 20th June 2017 at the party office.
The introduction of this Agri stack has also enabled the Government to extend the PM KISAN scheme to all the beneficiaries and to verify all those who are not already under the scheme, according to the procedures of the scheme.
He said that if the PWD stops, it will cause serious problems to the people, especially during the rainy season to the school children, whose road is bad to walk, as well as to the farmers, because Many of the farmers from this village need to market their produce, such as jhur, soh and other produce, so if this road is stopped it will be completed by the contractors , will be a great obstacle for all the people and especially for the patients who cannot walk from the village to get medicine to their health centres.
There are times when we have to wait for days because we have lost money because of these Police Outposts.
Mawtamur, Nailur 22: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of Sohiong Hima on Saturday held a meeting between the Nongwah-Mawtamur Raid Committee and the Khasi Hills Autonomous District. The District Council should immediately remove the Lyngdoh of the Sohiong Hima for handing over the raid department of the Hima to the Jriang Hima.
On the 17th July 2014, the 179th Anniversary of the death of King Tirot Singh Syiemlieh, Hima Nongkhlaw State will be celebrated.
He said that the North East of India should have a stadium along with the Olympic Games because this region and the region has many talented youth. .
Due to the urgency of the matter, the order has been implemented immediately until further notice,” said Sadhu.
In these days, the Seng will lodge a complaint with the relevant department to send the roster and the youth will not just wait.
Sainkupar Nongtraw said in a statement sent to reporters today.
“It is the dedication and dedication of Bah Martin M Danggo that this Sub-Division has come to fruition and before he reached the political stage he dedicated himself by leaving the post of Housing. Inspector in 1992 – 1993 and attended school in Ranikor.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: The Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court today in a 105 page judgment on the case No. PS Case No.62(7) of 2011 of Laitumkhrah Police Station, regarding the recruitment of teachers.
Charles Momin, General Secretary, Council of Nokmas,  Paiem H Wahlang, Syiem of Hima Jirang, Mr.H.Skhemlon Sirdar of Hima Mawdon, Secretary, GCCM & FKS  Paiem.
If the government cannot do anything for the demands of the union, the union will take other strong measures.
We hope and expect that the law enforcement agencies will take action for the benefit of the people,” said Albinus Lamurong, General Secretary KSU JHDU. Constituency, he said it is up to the people to decide whom they will support in the upcoming mid-term elections.
At the same time, the JSU urges the bank managers to appoint people to call the serial number or token number of the public, and at the same time it is better if the banks use You can call the token Number.
In 2023, the Governor has authorized the two Autonomous District Councils to set up a Delimitation Committee to arrange the MDC Constituencies of these two Councils according to the population.
Shillong, March 11: “Is the life of wildlife more important than us the residents of South West Khasi Hills District? Forwardman Nongrem, President of KSU South West Khasi Hills District, has asked the government on the occasion of the confirmation of the new leaders of KSU Pyndensakwang Unit on
Shillong, June 05: The Minister in charge of Water Resources, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, in reply to a question by Dr Azad Zaman, on the safety measures to prevent flooding in the Jinjiram River, On the other hand, the Minister said the government is trying to fight as much as possible to prevent the floods in the western parts of Garo Hills.
The plaintiff's authorities said that the order of the central government is against the rights of minorities enshrined in the Constitution of India and the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples. India is one of the signatories to the Convention.
Six persons have recovered today.
After this, a search was started for those who had contact with the visitors and when they were confirmed free of the disease, they were sent to home quarantine.
These are the two things that we must preserve so that future generations will know about the deeds of this great Syiem of Khasiland who gave his life to fight. against the strong authority of the Government of Bilat.
This group works to support many countries of the world and especially farmers.
The Government has prepared a Drugs Policy and this is almost complete. On this occasion, the Government needs the consensus of all so that the policy will be strong.
According to sources, the four injured were taken to Civil Hospital Shillong for treatment and after a while two injured were taken to NEIGRIHMS for treatment. send care.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah DP Kharsati ADM West Jaintia Hills District in the presence of RM Muthu SP West Jaintia Hills District.
On receiving information, police took the body to Shillong Civil Hospital for post mortem.
In a statement sent by the Ministry of Home Affairs, it was informed that Meghalaya will not fall under the provisions of the Citizenship Amendment Act, 2019 and the provisions of the Citizenship Amendment Act will not affect the ethnic groups. There are 100,000 people living in the state of Meghalaya.
Peniwel T Sangma, District Home Guard Commandant, West Garo Hills District, said the incident happened near Tura at about 10.45 pm.
The BSF is vigilant to prevent illegal activities on the border.
It is worth mentioning that many of the logging companies in Jirang are run by foreigners while the Khasi are well-known in the trade and all the logging companies are run by foreigners. to meet with foreigners on that day.
Shillong, March 20: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today decided to set up a special committee to prepare the draft law. sent to the Governor of Meghalaya on the allegations of three foreigners against the District Councils.
The MCEU demands that the government should pay their salaries which have been pending for more than 15 months. 2013 and the arear which has been outstanding for 7 years and other payments such as medical bills.
There are also pictures of merchants, vendors and walkers standing with forty kinds of spectators.
According to the information received from the owners of the houses, the damage caused by the earthquake has amounted to lakhs of rupees.
The Prime Minister addressed the country on the need for security measures and also held a meeting with all the Prime Ministers through video conference.
In places where there is no siren sound, all the relevant authorities will be notified to hold a two minute silence at 11:00 pm.
The action of the Chief Minister is only a gross disregard and violation of the powers of the District Council under para 20 of the 6th Schedule.
This was stated by John F Kharshiing in a statement.
The victims, including the secretary of the village, have taken their belongings from the hands of the Assam police but the police have demanded that they pay 5,000 tyngka. Everything shall be given to them, but they shall not let go.
At the same time, the Joint Secretary of the DCA, said that it is prohibited to release funds from MLA, MP or any scheme from the State Government or the Central Government until until the end of the MDC elections.
The KHADC has decided not to extend the deadline for those who have accepted the jaidkpa to change their minds and therefore the KHADC has decided not to recognize them as Khasi because this is the threat to the nation.
e.8– 10March 2013.
Shillong, Lber 17: The term of office of the Rajya Sabha MP of Meghalaya does not expire on the 28th of this month and the election should be held two days before the expiration date. to take over the job because it is not to cut even the hours.
He said this after conducting a meeting on the Roadmap for the Implementation of Cabinet Approval of Schemes for the North East Council held today in the presence of Secretary, Ministry of Development of Northeastern Region (DoNER) Naveen Verma. NEC Secretary Ram Muivah and senior officials of the ministry attended the meeting.
This triumph is a testament to the spirit of sportsmanship and hard work that defines our state.
This has been upgraded to NIGGHI+ which will cover not only accommodation, but also Travel Agents, Tour Operators, Tourist Transport Operators, Food and Beverage Units.
Shillong, Nailur 24: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills has not given permission to the CSWO and KWWADA to hold a sit-in protest at the parking lot near the Additional Secretariat. there are government officials and village leaders.
Many of the handicraft and machine weaving garments produced in Tripura have been exported to Kolkata, Bengaluru, Bhagalpur and other places for manufacturing and printing.
On this Christmas Eve, it was seen that the churches were filled and the faithful took part in the services with devotion.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: Answering a question by Zenith M Sangma on the holding of Cabinet meetings in the districts, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said that the government is now Regarding the expenditure for the two Cabinet meetings held in Tura and Jowai, the Chief Minister said that the expenditure was T.19, 18, 221/- The purpose of this is to bring the services of the government closer to the people.
“Despite the request of the BSF troops not to record the video, the man did not listen to the request.
According to the resolution to be sent by the State Government to the Central Government, it was found that there are two issues which do not agree and which have become obstacles to the inclusion of the Khasi language in the 8Schedule. of the Constitution of India.
These people who have received the assistance from the hands of the MLA are poor families, and who have faced many problems in their lives such as illness and many others. who has created the lynshop.
This festival is held in the spring after the harvest season.
The outgoing NPP leader said that the current CAA will affect the entire North East in the coming years.
Some schemes provide assistance to people with disabilities by providing them with necessary assistance and equipment, and their pension.
Also present at the inspection were the Village Authorities of these three villages including Bah Turon Kharbhih, Asst Rangbah Mawnianglah, Bah Christplin Kharmawphlang, Rangbah Shnong Mawrashe, Bah Kotbor Wankhar, Rangbah Shnong Mawkhan in the presence of Bah M. Nengnong, Assistant Engineer PWD Road.
Shillong, November 16: The results of the by MDC election for the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) have been announced today. The NCP has won from the 22nd Nongspung-Sohiong MDC constituency and the 24th Pariong MDC constituency.
Shillong, July 28: The cost of holding the General Election to the GHADC Assembly has been estimated at T.15 crore.
In 1951, Block-I & II under the jurisdiction of the former Jowai Civil Sub Division was transferred to the United Mikir Hills. District by the former Governor of Assam and for unknown reasons, no decision has been taken to return Block-I & II to Meghalaya. I was born in
Shillong, Nailar: U CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem today visited the Iew Duh Market.
Another issue to be discussed by the Cabinet was the rules for the use of the funds received from the Meghalaya Environment Protection and Restoration Fund.
At this meeting, it was also decided to appoint teachers at Shillong Polytechnic in the rank of Adhoc.
This is also important in blood testing centres, where the time to detect HIV after infection is faster and about half as fast as other tests.
pm & 23/11/2019 from 11.00am to 2:00pm at Khasi National Dorbar Hall Mawkhar.
The union will wait for a reply from the government in these days and if they do not receive any information from the government they will continue their protest on the 23rd of this month to force the government to to transfer them to the State Government like the Assam Government.
There have been discussions on the working methods of the PM GatiShakti NMP by the Central Government departments.
“It is surprising how the company can buy land for chicken farming and how can it operate the company without getting permission from the Single Window Agency of the state,” said Bah Nongkseh.
Shillong, Naitung 21: The people of Meghalaya are football lovers.
Shillong, Naitung 26: A team of the Coordinating Committee on International Border (CCIB) today met with the President of the BJP to inform him about the problems of the people. The residents of the border area with Bangladesh especially from Bholahaj to Jaliakhola.
This is usually done in places or roads where elephants usually walk and do not walk from one place to another as Meghalaya has its own paths of elephants especially in Ri Bhoi. , In Garo Hills, to do this requires the cooperation of both sides.
“This special committee will investigate this issue and the party will announce publicly and explain the position of the Congress party,” he said. On the roster system, the Mawhati MLA said they are taking time because this issue needs to be considered thoroughly and should not be decided hastily.
The President of the party said that 100,000 vehicles have been seen on the roads.
Stelin Diengdoh SDO of Ranikor Civil Sub Division said that he received the information and informed the Wildlife Department and they have rushed to the scene. to investigate this damage.
This will deprive those who need such shelter homes.
This is not an easy task that can be done, the government is looking for ways and means how to prevent the entry of foreigners because the duty of the government is to protect the citizens of the state, whether it is The ILP or any other means is to protect the citizens of the state.
The most shocking thing is that the Khasi youth have fallen into the hands of those robbers who attacked the people and the political parties in the past and now they are offering freebies just to get power.
Shillong, Naitung 01: The President of India, Pranab Mukherjee today announced the appointment of Dr Krishan Kant Paul as the new Governor of Meghalaya.
The Government and the Opposition have their own responsibilities.
The main points in this update are:iii.
What they want is to have protection from the influx of foreigners into the state.
The Organizing Secretary of the Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) on Saturday denied that the ABVP had anything to do with the gathering of people carrying weapons. near the petrol pump at the ground floor of NEHU, Shillong on the 21st of this month.
From these days, the church is expecting the arrival of people from all over Meghalaya tomorrow morning, so it is prepared to install large screens outside the church so that the people who come to take part in this ceremony they will receive the ceremony.
This demand has been sent to the government since 2021 and the same letter has been sent to the Director of Health Services to demand that the government should implement the demands of the ASHA Facilitators. There are about 340 employees in the state.
Shillong, November 04: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 18 cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills. there are 246 people.
By the end of July 2020, 14,000 ventilators will be distributed to all States and UTs. other places.
Speaking at the Raj Bhavan Durbar Hall before the unveiling of the portraits of the three freedom fighters of Meghalaya, Tirot Singh, Kiang Nangbah and Pa Togan N Sangma, The Prime Minister said that we should remember the future generations and this is part of instilling the spirit of patriotism and love for our country.
Shillong, Lber 19: For the first time in the history of the Legislative Assembly, there has been a debate in Khasi and Garo on the speech of the Governor in the Legislative Assembly. Thawain Your State.
Every district in this country has the opportunity to become one country, every district has been able to compete with small countries.
He also urged the Government to protect the rivers in Jaintia Hills such as the Kupli, Myntdu, Myntang and Myngngot rivers so that they can get clean water.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: U MLA of Mawlai, Bah Precess T Sawkmie and Chief Engineer of PWD, Bah Lam Suchiang today visited the Mawlai Bye Pass road. whether it will be completed by May this year.
He is currently studying B.Sc Electronics 3rd year at St. Edmund's College and has represented India three times in 2014 in Rimini. , Italy, in Dublin, Ireland in 2015 and in Budapest, Hungary in
Referring to the farmers, the farmers have not received anything in the past 48 years and for this reason the government has changed the name to help the farmers now they have received the assistance and what they can get lots of help.
The meeting was held by the CORP today to open the eyes of the people regarding the railway line in Ri Lum Khasi whether it should be there or not.
Shillong, November 24: Frank Motors on Saturday evening launched the new Nexon 3.0 car.
The Chairman of the Disciplinary Committee, Dr. Kara H. Chen in a letter sent to Bah Pariat, said that the party has taken this step on the basis of his speech against the party which has destroyed the party. work hard to strengthen the party.
Former and present Ministers of Education as well as the Prime Minister have increased the salaries of other types of teachers in 2013 and 2016 but of 1521 4th teachers teaching in SSA Upper Primary Schools. 6000 thousand tyngka per month since 2013 until now, why these 1521 teachers are not teachers, why the Government ends up with promises to increase their salaries as said the General Secretary of MSSASA, Bah HM Marbaniang.
Balamphrang Kharshiing and Claudia Jesica Bamon were selected after winning the 52nd Asian Body Championship held in Pune. Builder Championship.
It was after this that the British partitioned Bengal in 1905 and the Quite India Movement emerged.
During the two-day meeting, they discussed how to produce food, how to distribute food, using the old methods and modern technology.
This is due to the poor management of the work by the people in authority.
The owner of the land, Bah Emanuel Lyngdoh, was accompanied by the Secretary of the village, Bah Paulus Mynsong and other residents.
The All NEHU Workers Union (ANWU) is also a Trade Union recognized under the Trade Union Act 1926; It strongly demands that the vacant posts should be identified and filled by casual workers before being filled or filled by new persons.
Adding, the Chief Secretary of the State, Bah DP Wahlang said, “Since the past few decades, we have witnessed a gradual change in the environment.
“Please see our letter...dated 26th June, 2024 sent to Dr Jitendra Singh, Minister of State for Atomic Energy, Government of India.
Dr Janak Jhankar Narzari said that Apot durim has become the mainstay of the durim industry in the region and perhaps in India.
A review of the armed forces was conducted in 2003 and this will help meet their modern needs and further train this force.
The number of minorities in India has increased from
The KSU wishes and prays for the Meghalaya cricket team to compete in the Vijay Hazare Trophy which will start on 3rd November 2021 in Jaipur.
Shillong, July 22: Ka Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Law and Justice, today expressed her satisfaction that the VPP leaders have attended the meeting convened by the Minister of State for Law and Justice. to resolve their demands regarding the dismissal of three officers of the Meghalaya Lokayukta.
He said that the Government should have opened the Kuliang Land Custom Station so that the traffic jam can be reduced.
The union said that the work in Mawsynram Division has reached halfway and started since last year and when we look back in Mawphlang Division we see that it has just started recently and it is not appropriate when we look at the start of the work. From Lyngiong area, the old paint has not been removed and covered with new stone. This is something that has doubted the reliability of this road and if this road does not last long, the blame will go to the Department for not taking action. related to the implementation of the work.
Due to the blaze, the computer labs and chairs were destroyed.
Replying to a Bynrop question by Bah Process T Sawkmie, the Minister of Home Affairs said that the police have no intention of arresting anyone, which is why the government has appointed a team of inquiry to find out. What happened on the day of the shooting death of Mr. Cheristerfield.
I passed the English Department but I went to the Khasi Department.
Answering additional questions, the Minister said that the transportation of vehicles falls under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Transportation and not under the jurisdiction of the Department of Who. the department of transportation is responsible.
The Government will spend T.6 crore to teach how to harvest syieng and to provide training to farmers.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: Leaders of four political parties, including the AJYWO-East Jaintia Zone, the KSU-Khliehriat Circle, the FKJGP-Khliehriat Circle and the HNYF-East Jaintia Zone, today met. In the presence of Bah MH Dkhar President of AJYWO Sengkmie and Bah SS Niangti, General Secretary of KSU-JHDU, they met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District to demand the implementation of the project. Local Taxi Khliehriat Region has been launched to facilitate the movement of the people within the district.
Shillong, Naiwieng 07: The Khasi Students' Union (KHNAM) has strongly condemned the BJP government's decision to celebrate the National Good Governance Day on November
Theilin Phanbuh, Chairperson, Meghalaya State Commission for Women, Iadalin Tariang, Rebina Subba and Annie Sohtun, Members of the Commission took part in the training.
He received awards from the Fisheries Department of the Bodoland Territorial Council, Kokrajhar in 2005; appointed Director of Agriculture, BTC in 2010; Deputy Director, Agriculture Marketing Department, Guwahati in 2010; of the Deputy Commissioner, Chirang, Kajalgaon, Government of Assam.
With more than 88,000 farmers, 600+ buyers, 400+ registered farmer groups and 18 pick-up Agri Response Vehicles, 1917iTEAMS. The system has been developed in collaboration with the Digital India Corporation (DIC) of the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology, Government of India.
The Village Government will also inform the District Administration regarding the election of the new Village Officers of Wahthapbroo.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: The CoMSO today held an emergency meeting after receiving information that the central government will bring back the Citizenship Amendment Bills in the current session of Parliament. and the North East Forum of Ingenious People (NEFIP) is against this.
The village can request RTI for clarification.
Last year, more than 7,000 youths from Mizoram came to participate and 207 were selected. military recruitment in the state.
Therefore, as the Seng itself which looks after the welfare of the society and especially to protect our brothers and sisters and to live the customs and traditions of the ancients which he left us are now and to show and spread to the the whole world has its own uniqueness.
The Expert Committee will meet with the public and look into the implementation of the employment allocation in the country and the employment allocation in the state and the committee will submit a report. to the State Government.
We live in an era when we are ruled by laws,” said the man who has been involved in politics since
edu.
Other leaders who attended the function included Lok Sabha MP Vincent H Pala, Rubinus Sungkon MLA and other village officials.
Regarding the Congress government led by Dr Mukul Sangma, the BJP is now preparing to expose the corruption, he said. Dr Mukul Sangma will not win this election.
Babul Doley took two wickets in four overs for 18 runs while Kunwar Drubh took two wickets in four overs for 22 runs.
However, the Government of India has re-appointed not only the KSU but the state as a whole by appointing a foreigner as the VC.
Nongpoh, March 24: Pung Marngar is one of the most beautiful tourist spots in Nongpoh, but the deterioration of the road from Nongpoh to Marngar has put passengers in trouble especially for small vehicles. .
Shillong, Lber 04: The Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, Dr Mukul Sangma from the Congress party, on Tuesday said that he has not received a Magisterial Inquiry into the incident in Ichamati. .
During the meeting, the Union Minister in charge of Mineral Resources in the country, said that the Chief Minister and the Cabinet have expressed their gratitude for the release of the The ban on coal mining in Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the UDP has decided to work with the present MDA government.
In order to gather information on the progress of the work, the MoS visited several places in the villages and talked to the beneficiaries of the schemes.
A total of 110 special policemen have arrived in Shillong this morning and have been deployed to patrol in Khyndailad and Motphran.
Therefore, the JSU is pleased to follow the example of these great thinkers because the Pnar language is in danger of extinction if we don't have a written language in our own script.
From the visit of the Chief Engineer today, it is understood that if the weather permits, the cleaning work can be completed by July. They can be handed over to the PWD to complete the work.
and you want to take revenge and hurt us in this way.
On receiving this information, former MLA Justine Dkhar left for the house of Duhka Dkhar which was damaged in the fire. and he gave them the bread and the water.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The funeral service for 78 years old MP and former Minister of Meghalaya, Bah OL Nongtdu will be held tomorrow morning at the Presbyterian Church Cemetery in Meghalaya. Field.
The Chief Minister congratulated the delegation who came to talk to the government and especially the MLA of this area Bah Adelbert Nongrum who took this initiative to bring about the He promised that the government will work for the people and requested the group to cooperate with the government for the benefit of the people. state.
The office has received several motions and resolutions from the members of the House and it is expected that there will be more motions and resolutions from the EC. Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik, today approved the appointment of Nikman. Ch.
The Government has given freedom to MeECL to decide how to restore the remaining light bill whether it is from government offices, companies, or private individuals whether they are Ht or Lt. “It will take a decision whether to pay half or once,” said James Sangma.
The ITC company will continue to invest in the setting up of food processing plants and will also provide employment opportunities and prevent the wastage of agricultural products.
Under the Antarashtriya Yoga Diwas Media Awards 2023, 43 awards will be given in three categories namely Print, Television and Radio in 22 languages ​​including English. There are 11 awards in 22 languages ​​and English – to be included in the category “Best Media Coverage in Yoga in Newspaper”. Media (TV)", there are 11 awards in 22 languages ​​and English – to be awarded in the category “Best Media Coverage in Yoga in Electronic Media (Radio)”. For the year 2023, Union Minister Anurag Thakur said that it is because of Prime Minister Narendra Modi that we celebrate the International Day of Yoga on July 21 every year. has sparked a mass movement for health and well-being throughout the world.
Tura, Naitung 19: The Chief Executive Member of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) Alphonse Sangma has called for a meeting with the leaders of the Garo Students Union (GSU) to discuss their demand for The President of the Garo Students Union (GSU) Tengsak G Momin told SP News Agency that the party will not allow non-tribals to vote or contest the MDC elections. He went to meet with the CEM on his invitation to discuss what the party has demanded.
Journalists must be able to identify fake photos and videos, and they must also recognize fake tweets.
At the same time, the HNYF has raised the question why the number of employees who used to have about 1000 employees has been reduced to 150 employees, if other corporations in other states have increased why in this state. Meghalaya MTC has dropped slowly, why the jobs have been canceled without calling for applications.
Those who registered their nomination papers in Shillong are Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkong of the VPP, accompanied by three MLAs, Adelbert Nongrum, Heaving Stone Kharpran, Brightstarwell Marbaniang and Ardent Miller. Basaiawmoit, President of the party, did not attend the registration.
Therefore, these claims are unfounded especially since Hindi is not the official language in Meghalaya, but the Governor has spoken Hindi without respecting the citizens of Rilum.
In addition, the most expensive minerals will help achieve the Prime Minister's vision.
October is the month to honor the faith of the women of the country - Nari Shakti.
The government's announcement will be disseminated through various media outlets to encourage the public to participate in development activities.
It is learned that there are about 300 households in Ratachera Village and 106 households are opposed to this increase because they cannot afford it. who are the fighters of the Shnong.
Speaking in the Legislative Assembly as the new CEM of the Council, Bah Pyniaid said that the Council will look into the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi Language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution. India.
He said that 552 tests have been sent and we are awaiting the results of 178 tests.
It is unfortunate that the government says one thing and the officers of the school departments do another.
The ADE urges the Assam and Meghalaya governments to resolve the issue of doctoral students so that these doctoral students can complete their studies as they have worked hard. said Dalseng Bira Ch Momin, President of the party in a statement today.
He said that after the pandemic, we have now got the opportunity to continue our physical activities and that this program today is not for awards but for health.
The Ministers of Health and Family Welfare of the States who attended the meeting were Dr Rajiv Saizal (Himachal Pradesh), Veena George (Kerala), Dr K Sudhakar (Karnataka), Dr Dhan Singh Rawat (Uttarakhand), VidadhalaRajani (Andhra Pradesh), Keshab Mahanta (Assam), AloLibang (Arunachal Pradesh), Anil Vij (Haryana).
Shillong Traffic Police (STP) has found 755 vehicles and motorcycles including vehicles and motorcycles which have changed their solansars. ,68,900/- for the month of November.
The investigation into the incident is ongoing.
Shillong, Naitung 24: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today met with various civil society organizations in Tura and the leaders of the protesting organizations to demand the restoration of the city of Tlang. the state in Tura which was held by the government.
From tomorrow morning, those entering Meghalaya through the GS Road will have to register and those leaving the state will have to register their names. this state with the intention of destroying the village.
In his short speech, Dr Ramsiej said that as a nation, we should know and remember the legacy of this great man, who has been a blessing to the Khasi nation.
At this meeting, the women's organizations expressed their views and decided to urge the government that cases of rape should not be allowed to be tried in the District Councils. but must be tried before the Fast Track Court (FTC).
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: The five states of the North East are blessed with beautiful nature, abundant animals and plants, historically unique places, unique customs and traditions and who also have people who welcome others.
The tournament will be inaugurated by Telina Thangkhiew, Chairperson KHADC as the Chief Guest while Bah Kennedy Khriem, MLA Mawphlang and Parliamentary Secretary to the State Government will be the chief guest. .
Shillong, June 30; The 2020-21 AIPC Mega Convention held from 26th to 28th June 2022 at Tura, Meghalaya has concluded with the participation of members from all over India.
“We are in danger because Meghalaya now has 85% of the share of the ethnic groups, of which 80% has been allocated to the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo while 5% has been allocated to other ethnic groups. .
This has more than doubled to over 1.38 crore taxpayers in July 2022.
Also present on the occasion were the elders of Iooksi village and the leaders of the area.
Shillong, November 24: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma in his Christmas greeting speech, said that this is not only the time to give but also the time to express gratitude for what we have received. blessings throughout the year.
The Seng has made this demand after Mehta called for talks for the second time after the Seng has put forward many demands regarding the employment of indigenous people. within NEIGRIHMS Hospital.
The union is not surprised because last year it was revealed that AMD and UCIL have used private companies who are the owners of the state to mine uranium in Mawthabah area with the intention of misleading the public. they don't understand your thoughts.
To relieve the traffic jam, the police have seized all the trucks coming from Jiantia Hills at Phramer and those coming from Khasi Hills at Mawryngkneng. This is to reduce the traffic jam.
Through this programme, the aim is to maintain and maintain about 2 lakh hectares of forest land for the next five years.
In protest against the request of the NPP-led Meghalaya Government to discuss the Reservation Policy at the meeting, VPP President Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit held a meeting to discuss the reservation policy. The indefinite curfew has been in place since the 23rd of this month at the Parking Lot opposite the Additional Secretariat Office, Shillong.
The Chief Minister said that the burning of the church is not only a loss to the church, the believers but to the state and the city of Shillong as a whole.
The 16th Urban Mobility India Conference and Expo 2023, which was held in Delhi from 27th October, concluded today 29/10/2023 in Delhi.
At the same time, he warned against gathering people or carrying weapons in public places and said that if anyone violates this order, the law will take action.
Similarly, the elders of Jaintia Hills also joined hands in this initiative and decided to send their reports to the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) for the enactment of the law as soon as possible.
The reintroduction of cheetahs is a great effort to have a sustainable world because this reintroduction brings back order to the environment as it used to be in the past. restoration of animal habitats and conservation of prey species that these tiger species prey on.
The party strongly condemns this action of this minister who has tried to misrepresent the history of our people.
Shillong, Iaiong 05: Police of Ri Bhoi District today after receiving a tip that there was a vehicle carrying drugs, seized the vehicle and arrested the other was suspected of being a drug dealer.
Speaking to reporters, Donboklang Kharlyngdoh, a member of the Sur ki Nong Mawlai, said that the MDA government led by Cornad is still implementing this demand with the Sur ki Nong Mawlai this month. They will be the voice of Bri-Hynniewtrep in Shillong.
The MUSO also informed that the audition to follow across the state has been scheduled to be held on the 4th November at Nongpoh, Sajer Hall, Ri-Bhoi district. The competition will end on November 29, 2018 in Shillong.
Those who will leave tomorrow morning are to represent India.
The Seng also discussed the reservation seat for Khasi students who have only 4 students out of the list of 14 students whose names have appeared on the list.
The states which are yet to receive APL rice in the amount of 35 kg are Manipur, Assam, Meghalaya, Tripura, Nagaland, Arunachal Pradesh, Mizoram, Sikkim, Uttarakhand, Jammu and Kashmir, Himachal Pradesh, Lakshdweep and Andaman. NicobarIslands.
Regarding the roads, he said that the census is ongoing.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya said that it is not enough to hold on to that mutual respect but to move forward from that is to find ways and means how to resolve this issue which has been going on for a long time. now it's been a good year.
The disrespect and disrespect even to the Leader of Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency, Bah Kimfa Marbaniang shows that they intend to take over the land of the Khasi.
At this meeting, many of the school principals said that all teachers should be vaccinated and the education department will inform the health department and the government will look into this from time to time. sha you for.
The union under the leadership of President Eddy Kery Pohtam has informed the Dawki Police Station to take the necessary action and has also sent for thermal scanning.
The family members of the family have requested the public to inform the following numbers 9615298854 or
The Garo Hills Speakers said that the people are not in darkness because they don't know who will contest the election. The People's Party (NPP) has not yet announced who will contest the election.
The government has sent a request today to the Governor to set a date and the date is that the government proposes that if possible, it will be held in It is up to the Governor of the State to announce the date set by the Government.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, who is in charge of the Finance Department, said that the budget will be announced on the National eVidhan Application website and the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly website.
The collaboration between the army and the government has made this recruitment successful and smooth and this has spread the news that the youth of this area want to join the army.
In his place, Edward E. Bamon has been appointed as Assistant General Secretary and Lurshai Loshelstar Rympei has been appointed as Chairman of the Employment Cell.
Family members should contact the District Child Protection Union or the Child Welfare Committee, both of whose offices are located at Lower Lachumiere, Shillong.
Shillong, March 05: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today convened a meeting to discuss how to conserve wildlife and Hati in the state.
Others who attended the meeting were Anil Jauhri, CEO, NABCB. Pravin Bakshi, Secretary, Health and Family Welfare and Director of AYUSH, Dr. TS Nongkhaw, Director Health Services, MI, Dr. DK Raswai, State Nodal Officer of AYUSH, Dr. S. Pala, Ayurvedic Physician, Shillong Civil Hospital, Shillong and others.
Regarding the testing of people who have died in their homes, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare said that it will be up to the owners of the houses whether they will send them for testing or not. notice.
Regarding this, the CEM, Bah PN Syiem, said that the bill has been sent to the select committee and if there is a need, no more people will be appointed in the committee to look into it.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Deputy Commissioner said that it is true that today they have been released on bail.
The National Single Window System (NSWS) is an initiative of the Government of India to use digital assets to streamline the Government's approval of businesses by allowing businesses to submit documents. and digital submissions through a single platform, which relieves the need for them to go out in person to different bodies and this has reduced transaction costs when applying for permits.
In the past few months, the residents have been facing darkness and lack of electricity for many days and until now the light is not sufficient.
The linking with Adhaar is also a source of confusion and inconvenience to the people.
He also hoped that through cooperation they can build the community.
In a statement sent by the Principal Secretary, Food Civil Supplies and Consumer Affairs, Bah PW Ingty, the government said that what the NPP leader has said to the media that there is corruption. in the manner of purchasing sugar by contracting at a higher price than the market price.
He said that the book published by the Publications Division of the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting is an attempt to showcase the great achievements of the Freedom Fighters of the North East.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: U Bah Goodleaderson Nongsiej, after being elected as the Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), said that he has not yet received a letter of expulsion from the HSPDP. This is the second MDC election.
This was announced in a statement by the Secretary of the HYC.
Shillong, Nailur 09: On the opening day of the session of the Synrai Legislative Assembly, the Government has submitted a request for additional funds from the Legislative Assembly for the implementation of the project during the 2022-2023 fiscal year.
