The ceremony started from the Seng Hall in Mawkhar where a group of duhalia played the ksiang lumpaid and after that there was a prayer led by the Vice President of the Seng Khasi Kmie Rgh PD Nongrum. The meeting was conducted by the Assistant Secretary of the Khasi Women's Association, Rgh Païa B Synrem.
He was the Governor of Meghalaya for nine months.
Shillong, July 04: U Dr.BKD Tiwari today congratulated the people of Meghalaya for casting their votes in the Lok Sabha MP elections in both the constituencies. the state, 1-Shillong Parliamentary (ST) Constituency and 2-Tura Parliamentary (ST) Constituency.
This is already a political game of the CM to undermine and prevent unity in these States in the Northeast.
New Delhi, July 03: The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, today chaired the Annual General Meeting of the NMML Society in his capacity as President of the Society at 7 Lok Kalyan Marg.
Shillong, June 03: The Meghalaya Civil Service Association (MCSOA) has expressed its deep sorrow over the sudden passing away of Bah Donny Malcolm Wallang, MCS on the 2nd of this month.
Also present on the occasion were the village leaders, women's and youth organizations.
Speaking to reporters, Michael Sayoo, President of the Unit, said that the party has released the manifesto of the party today.
The KDA will also celebrate the World Disabled Day on 03rd November 2016 by holding a sit-in.
Although this policy is appropriate in the north, but in our country it is not necessary to pass an exemption like the CAA because we are tribal minorities (ST), otherwise it shall be lost in the generations to come as the most special minority in the world.
The date on which candidates can withdraw their nomination will be tomorrow.
The total number of people affected by the cold, rain and storm has reached 949 across the state.
The Chief Minister has urged the civil society and the media not to criticize Continental Milkcose Ltd. This is wrong.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The villages of Rajaju, Nonghyllam, Nongumsur, Nongkulang and Chibak Khonjoi in South West Khasi Hills District have been in darkness for more than three months since the light went out since last month. In October this year, MeECL has not been able to supply light to these villages.
Conrad Sangma said the Cabinet has already selected the names of the award winners on the occasion of Meghalaya Day.
This letter was issued on the occasion of the party's 10th Anniversary in Assam with Dr Samujjal as the chief guest.
The Chief Executive Officer of the Electricity Department said that the report on the Safety Audit of the Umïam Water Supply Bridge received from IIT, Guwahati, has recommended that vehicles should no longer be allowed to pass. The Girder Beams and Deck Slab have not been properly constructed.
This is illegal and it shows that the MDA Government is not for the youth but against the youth,” said Bah Nongrum.
At this meeting, the Cabinet also decided to introduce amendments to the MERBM to allow the state to increase the borrowing share from 3% to 4.1%. The Cabinet meeting held on 20/02/2020 has already taken a decision on this.
There are 23 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 17 from East Garo Hills and 2 from East Garo Hills. There were 82,529 cases.
Police said that these were the same intelligence officers who had raised the flags of the HNLC in recent years on the orders of the leaders who had fled the HNLC from Bangladesh.
The campaign celebrates Jal Diwali and will start from 7th November.
“We have asked the MLAs, MDCs and party leaders to prepare for the elections,” he said.
This will ensure that local people can come to the CRC and get appropriate services, she added.
The District Disaster Management Officer (DDMO) of South West Khasi Hills District, Dr. ES Lynshiang, said that 12 households have been affected so far, 9 from Mawkyrwat C&RD Block and 3 from Mawkyrwat C&RD Block. Ranikor C&RD Block.
Because there is a concern that foreigners cannot enter through this road.
There were 32 teams participating in the tournament.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District today sentenced to 14 years imprisonment a special court for rape of women and children. Henry Diengdoh on his rape of a child.
The four deceased were identified as Wamlambing Kharmyndai, 9, Banlumlang Kharmyndai, 6, Ribhalin Kharmyndai, 4, Daphilari Kharmyndai, 8, and Nikstanlang Jyrwa, , 12 years old.
Regarding the vendors, only 184 persons recognized by the office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima are allowed to sit per day and to ensure a distance of two meters from each other.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: U Alexander Laloo Hek, Minister in charge of Animal Husbandry, in reply to a question by Bah Charles Marngar, said that there is no assistance when pigs die for those who receive the pig farming scheme. the Piggery Mission scheme.
The special meeting was convened to discuss the expenditure of the KHADC for the Monolith Festival for the allocation of funds from the state government through the tourism department. the District Council.
Shillong, July 08: The desire of the residents to see the 11 km 4-lane road from Anjalee Petrol Pum to Sawdew will remain unfulfilled as SS Infrazone Private Ltd, which has been awarded the contract to build this road, has withdrawn. and the work is finished now.
The founders of our Constitution and great men like Sardar Vallabh Bhai Patel took these courageous and important decisions even in those times of crisis, with the goal of ensuring national unity and political order.
Justine and Stephanson also thanked the Lad of State for passing the JHADC Bill and the Waheh Shnongs once again have been empowered. The Waheh Shnongs and MDCs should work together for the good of the people.
On the other hand, the CEO congratulated the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District for organizing this celebration through songs and information competitions regarding the elections in this country. India is a democratic country.
This is nothing but a political ploy to win the UDP candidate from Nongkrem Constituency in the upcoming mid-term elections.
Police have expressed their gratitude to the public who have helped the police in providing information to recover the missing child.
On the other hand, the Leader urged these students to work hard to solve the problems of their fellow countrymen who come to study at this school and also to take part in various issues. The Sengkmie has undertaken to fight from time to time for the protection, preservation and development of the country and the Hynniewtrep people.
Although there have been laws passed by the KHADC for the Hima, there has been no such law for the Khasi Kurs and until now it has not been possible to explain clearly this part.
“We know that Meghalaya is divided into three regions, Khasi, Jaintia and Garo.
Border Security Force (BSF) 200 Battalion, in collaboration with Meghalaya Police, have seized sugarcane and kwai from the Rongra border area of ​​South Garo Hills District.
Shillong, July 17: U Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister in charge of Education, on Tuesday said that the government understands the problems of teachers, not only teachers but also other jobs in the state. you have to do it, but you can't do it and achieve it once you make a decision.
At present, the government is working with educational institutions to prepare the students of the state so that they can become eligible to sit for the Indian Civil Service Examination. Because they don't have a place to teach, they put the students in trouble.
The Home Minister said that they are investigating whether the GNLA's actions were true or not. (SP News)
BJP Meghalaya State Unit President Rikkman Momin said the protest was to protest against those accused of corruption in the seizure of money from the residence of the Congress MP. state Jharkhand.
Bah True has been a source of patriotism to many members of the party and the youth fighters of the Jaitbynriew.
God sees, guides and directs us.
In his speech, PA Sangma National President of the NPP said that the time has come for the Congress party to get the sympathy of the people for its mismanagement of the country.
Shillong, Naitung 28: U Dr Donkupar Roy, Speaker of Meghalaya, 65, passed away at Medanta Hospital in Gurgaon at 3 pm today after suffering from illness. how much time now.
The B Natural Juice was introduced last year when the B Natural Juice was first made 100% from the juice extracted from the fruit known as Pomegranate.
Janang R.Sangma, spoke on unity and peace while Rev.GBR Marak and Rev.Fr.Januarius S.Sangma prayed for the blessings of God. Members of the UALA were led by Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills Prabin Bakshi.
Shillong, November 18: Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma addressing a public meeting at the Polo Ground in the presence of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Home Minister Amit. Shah said the people of Meghalaya want the Khasi and Garo languages ​​to be included in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
On this occasion, it was also seen that the police chiefs of the state were at the square near the law kyntang in Mawphlang to check the safety of the ja where hundreds of people were at the place to prepare. the rynsan and the drawers for the people to sit on.
The law should be above all,” said the Commission.
In September 2011, when Robert Kharshiing, former MP, resigned as Chairman of the Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, the Dorbar immediately decided to appoint John. F Kharshiing, who was then Secretary General of the GCCM, to continue and monitor the work of the GCCM. take decisions to follow up on the islands of the son of a thousand acquired despite the threats.
HYC Mawsynram Circle, HANM Mawsynram and HNYF Mawsynram also joined hands for issues related to the Hima as a whole.
All the supporters of the Congress party whether old or new are invited to attend the meeting.
Another decision was not to amend the Meghalaya District Court Rule, the amendment is that minor cases within the District Court will be heard by the District Courts and not by the High Court. to expedite and not to burden the High Court.
“Following the media reports, the KSU West Jaintia Hills District Unit has sent this statement to the paradoh parasnam in the area and all those who live near Assam. The Seng will be ready to respond to those Kaikhlaw who want to create intimidation and violate the rights of the Khasi-Pnar people living in Block-1 ,” said Juhhi Tariang, Publicity Secretary of KSU West Jaintia Hills District Unit.
According to the BSF, these 92 cows were worth T.15 lakh tyngka. These cows were seized from the forest after the Police and BSF had a strong suspicion that these cows were stolen. on the border to be sent to Bangladesh.
He said that he will convene an urgent and special meeting to consider the grievances of the people of Mawsynram Hima and if the truth is found he will immediately take action. the necessary and final decision.
Shillong, July 27: The Governor of Meghalaya, Ganga Prasad, in his speech on the occasion of the 69th Republic Day at Madon Polo, on Tuesday said that the race has been funded by the MSCW. for development works in the fiscal year 2017-2018 is T.6969 crore including T.89.10 crore from the NLCPR. with the implementation of numerous schemes.
It is an important part of the agenda of the Finance Commission to visit various states, to understand their development needs and resources, and after collecting all the information, they have recommendations and submission of the report.
On the other hand, the CoMSO expressed its gratitude to the Union Minister for inviting them to speak.
According to Bah Lawai, the Mawryngkneng Police Station still lacks staff to provide services to the public and if a checkpost is set up, the police will be responsible for maintaining peace and order and providing emergency assistance. They have to stay at the Checkpost and can no longer provide 100 percent service.
Shillong, July 25: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the march today hopes to bring about a spirit of patriotism and a sense of belonging to the people. of Meghalaya and as well as Indians.
As Bapu showed, why don't we reduce the use of pesticides in farmland by 10%, 20% or 25% and if so why don't we start the Muktikar Abhiyan (campaign)?
In this regard, the state government has directed all government and private pig farms to be clean.
The Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said, “We have tried to identify some areas that need attention and this has been done with the support of many Dorbar Shnongs.
They have started digging the PWD road, the village road and the footpaths since 2022 but after the digging, they leave it alone.
They are Minister of State AL Hek, former President of the party Ernest Mawrie, Fenela L Nonglait, Mewaker Lyngdoh and Sumita Laloo.
In Part 5 of this Act, Article 2 stipulates that the adoption of children from one household to another household, without discrimination against religion, may be done in accordance with the rules. this law is made by the federal government.
It is alleged that the money was deposited into the account of M/s Double Seven Corporation AC: 59208413927554 and through the IFSC: HDFC
"Goyal praised the design of the shop in the capital and also praised the Prime Minister, Conrad Sangma for setting up the shop to open up the shop to the designers. and manufacturers along with 43,000 weavers of the state to showcase the culture, customs, traditions and unique products of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Lber 21: The Governor of Meghalaya today announced that he has convened a special session of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on 24th October 2020 for the second day of the election.
The CEM of KHADC has been able to fill only one vacant EM seat and the two remaining EM seats. it shall be planted in the days to come.
Any nation that threatens the country of Hynniewtrep will have to face the consequences.
The union said that this residence is unique for Shillong and the state as a whole.
The body of Monsing Sangma was also recovered and sent to Williamnagar Civil Hospital for post mortem.
For more information and to participate please call
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The KSU Delhi Unit expresses its deep sorrow and regret over the incident which happened on 23rd June, 2020 at 4.30 pm in connection with the infiltration and forced entry of people from Bihar in The special train carrying more than 90 Meghalayans left Haryana.
Therefore, the union strongly opposes the government's decision to extend the term of office of the Chief Secretary and the union would like to ask the government “Hato Doesn't the government have other officers who can take over this post or does it have something behind the extension of the retirement of the Chief Secretary?
Brothers and sisters, you have given me the opportunity to serve you all for another five years from 2014-2
Shillong, July 23: While the Meghalaya Icon 4 Song Contest was going on from one district to another, the crowd flocked to listen to the singers regarding the awareness campaign on the disease. Aids.
Many times, even when discussing various issues that should go through the path of mass protest, but as it is now, it has been found that the government, it is the government itself that is responsible, it is the government itself that sets the fire. young minds have been made to think differently.
The entire area has received a road through the PMGSY scheme but unfortunately this road is exactly like a ranap wah called ka thria and better on a horse road than this PWD road. .The residents of Syntein area during the election have been deceived by the promises of the candidates to bring about development and improvement of this road but as it is until now no one has looked after it. The deterioration of this road is excessive, only for the passage of vehicles to transport the products of this area has been improved by the private sector.
Music, dance, dance and joy are part of the religion, customs and traditions of the nation.
He said that this is only the beginning and if the authorities do not listen to their demands , the party will not hesitate to think of other ways and means forward to implement their demands so that the university can develop.
In India, the NSCN was formed by the signing of the Shillong Accord 1975, and the ULFA emerged in a fierce protest in Assam (1979-85) in response to the plight of the Assamese people.
The union has submitted a petition to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District and Meghalaya. Abhilash Baranwal which includes advice on how to protect children and youth from drugs.
In all these games, the winners were from East Khasi Hills District.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said that the task of bringing in strong health facilities has been achieved due to the strong and stable Central Government.
With the availability of this training centre, students from Meghalaya will also have the opportunity to take part in the training like students from other states in India.
The HYC urges the police department not to interfere with the work of the group and the work of the family with their arrest.
The purpose of this inspection was also to ensure that there should be no shortage of rice in the markets for the benefit of the people.
This approval came after Pynthorumkhrah MLA Alexander L. Hek held a meeting today between the office bearers of Pynthorumkhrah-Golflink Village and officials of the Urban Development Department.
He said that there will be police patrols to oversee the examination.
Speaking to media, Bah Letar L Mawnai, former secretary of Mawshut village, said that the demand of the people to remove the sodor is based on the misdeeds of the sordar.
In this regard, the government has prepared to take more land to expand the airport so that small aircraft such as ATR aircraft can land at the airport.
According to the decision of the doctors, they will strike from today and this will affect the work of the hospital where the people need treatment and such protests cannot be accepted because of the affect the public.
They sang for the party.
The former DG in charge of prisons has warned the government to immediately remove Champion from the post but the government has remained silent. and after the incident, the DG Prison was dismissed.
Even if you want or get too much, 'the children of the wicked are not ei ei'
Most of the altitude training centers are temporary but this place is suitable for turning into a shirt center and various athletes can come to this center to train at a high altitude. ".
According to police, the bomb and bullets were hidden by GNLA member Bande Ch Marak alias Border and Kora. of South Garo Hills District in
The Minister said that there are many reasons for the delay in the completion of these projects due to the mid-term elections in East Garo Hills, the outbreak of COVID-19, the restrictions on travel. of the workers due to COVID and the lack of adequate roads to reach the work sites besides the heavy rainfall and other reasons.
Meghalaya, who are currently bottom of Group B, will face Mizoram, who are second in Group A, in the semi final, while Manipur, who are currently bottom of Group A, will face Tripura, who are bottom of Group A. B.(SP News).
You can see that soon after the government was formed, and also in the last five years the government removed a lot of officials.
Samla Justice Paul Lyngdoh General Secretary of KNGCSU said that the difficulties faced by the students of this state are no longer serious as their scholarships have been suspended since 2011 onwards.
He said Jammu & Kashmir and Khasi-Jaintia have the same land tenure system.
The fourth test will not be taken again after three days according to the guidelines laid down by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and the World Health Organization.
Shillong March 08 : Cybercriminals are fraudulently posing as Senior Government officials of CBI, IB, INTERPOL, I4C, DOT, TRAI and State Police Department of Maharashtra, thereafter serve notices and file fake charges against innocent individuals in various ways (eg:- informing an individual that some mobile numbers are registered in their name and committing illegal activities like advertising fraud investments, harassing other individuals through messages, browsing and watching pornographic content, etc.and that cases has been registered with Mumbai Police) coercing innocent individuals to divulge personal information through Skype and respond to the notice served to them within 24 hours failing which they will be arrested and dealt seriously in the Court of Law.
Rule 185 of Article (1) states that the seat of a Member of the House may be declared vacant only in accordance with Article (4) of the Constitution of the Republic of India. by the introduction of a motion by the Speaker of the House or to any member of the House authorized to act on his behalf.
Shillong, Nailur 24: Three deaths from COVID-19 positive cases have been confirmed by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today. West Jaintia Hills 1, the total number of deaths has risen to
He said that according to the wish of the Sohiong Hima Dorbar, they want to return the ship to the Sohiong Hima.
Phudmuri Presbyterian Secondary School today held a meeting at the Auditorium of Sacred Heart Boys HSS to honor the students who have passed the SSLC examination.
"During the three-day programme, there was also a consultation on sustainable economic development through ports and clean sea freight activities, an area in which Norway and other countries have demonstrated best practices and set examples for other countries to follow.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, he said that many complaints have been received from the farmers and this is why the meeting was called today with the jhur traders, especially during the lockdown and curfew. and the closure of markets especially the market has affected the income especially of the farmers.
New Delhi, June 03: Today is the 9th day of the curfew across the country.
“Only these four persons were arrested from Jowai, brought and tried in court today,” he said.
Shillong, Naitung 16: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma today called a meeting of all the presidents of political parties in the MDA government to discuss the issue. He will meet with the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Bisaw Sarma to set a date for the border talks.
Shillong, July 20: The National Commission for the Affairs of India (NCI) is now preparing to move its office from Shillong to Guwahati.
He said that the request is to increase the number of staff at the Veterinary Dispensary from Staff and VFA so that they can provide better services to the farmers.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister said that in the last three years, many roads have been constructed, water supply to households has been increased. The employment rate has increased by 40% and the state is now growing in many areas.
On this occasion, the work done by government departments for the development of West Khasi Hills, such as the PHE department, the Land Resources Department and others was also showcased. for the sake of the people.
Shillong, July 15: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today called a meeting with the Home Ministry, Police Chiefs to discuss how to strengthen the Home Ministry in the construction of already have already.
Speaking to reporters, he said that all the Dorbar Shnongs under the jurisdiction of the KHADC who have accommodation facilities for those who return to their villages have been directed to send their applications. through their MDCs and submit to the KHADC on or before the 30th of this month.
He said the government should open the door for the implementation of schemes in the form of public private participation known as the PPP mode.
Shillong, November 04: U Vincent H Pala MP of Shillong Parliamentary Constituency while taking part in the celebration of the 2nd Meghalaya Farmers Day at Umsning in Ri Bhoi District, said that it is the responsibility of those in politics to build policies to promote agriculture.
Therefore, the union demands that the government should provide another Dr so that the PHC can provide better services to the people.
Many of the prominent Hindi filmmakers have also promised to attend the festival. This is an honor for Shillong.
The size of the uranium waste shows that the mines have increased and we cannot know whether the explosions came from these mines that the members of the organization found yesterday.
Thus the purpose is to reach the goal of resurrection from what has fallen into the hands of the mind and body; that the devil may be delivered from the shrip, which shall not be able to stand.
The NEEDP program was launched by the NEC Secretary, K. Moses Chalai, IAS. Program Head, NEEDP & Flo Oberhofer.
Here, and at other meetings, Gandhiji himself led a program of swachhta or cleanliness.
On this occasion, there was also a discussion on the topic “Violence against Women, Children and the problems that arise”. M Kharkongor, Chairperson, State Commission for Protection of Child Rights and Rubina Subba, Standing Counsel, Meghalaya State Commission for Women.
At the same time, it is very worrying that the United Khasi and Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Act 1959, and almost all the Acts and Rules passed by the ADCs are often in conflict with the The Act 1959 which has severely affected the dignity of the Khasi people which can be said to be an Act which has severely affected the human rights.
Shillong, Naitung 12: To strengthen cooperative societies, the office of the Assistant Registrar of Cooperative Societies, Nongstoin has held a public meeting at Mairang to raise awareness among the people on the need for cooperative societies. to increase income.
This has affected the villagers living in rural areas especially those on the border with Bangladesh who earn their living by working and transporting Mawshun to Bangladesh.
Shillong, Naitung 11 : In this age of technology, social media platforms like Youtube, Instagram, Facebook, X and other social media platforms have opened up opportunities for many young people and Young girls to showcase their talents and not only that but it is also one of the ways to earn money according to their ability to attract the audience.
The purpose of the public meeting was to explain the party's position and work to the people of the area, especially for the party's candidate for the mid-term MDC election from Mawthadrashan.
The counting of votes at this polling station will be held tomorrow.
The 21st ITF is scheduled to be held in Shillong.
One of the placards carried in front of the KHADC said that Lyngdoh Sohiong is a village troublemaker, another placard said that Lyngdoh Sohiong should be removed to avoid being punished. ruling power.
Commander Shangpliang said that the union in collaboration with the agriculture department will hold the 2nd Meghalaya Farmers Parliament in Tura on the 10th and 11th December this year. forward.
Shillong, March 10: The Department of Environmental Education, Martin Luther Christian University, Shillong has held an explanation on the harmful effects of pataka burning at RB Anoopchand Hindi Secondary Schools, Keating Road. , Shillong and at Jail Road Boys' Higher Secondary School, Jail Road, Shillong.
The BSF seized 72 cows from Iew Thymmai in East Khasi Hills District and Balughat in South West Garo Hills District. All the cows that were seized amounted to T.10 lakh.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, today announced that these three nurses have arrived in Japan recently.
The Pradhan Mantri Sahaj Bijli Har Ghar Yojana (SAUBHAGYA) is a sign of the success of providing electricity to all households in every village and district of the country.
Shillong, Nailur 16: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 9 cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in the state. There are 54 cases of this disease.
“Therefore, I don't have any name to send to Delhi yet,” he said.
In his speech, Bah HS Shylla CEM of KHADC, said that the KHADC will issue a notice in the coming days that all Hima should hold Hima Dorbar at least twice a year. All the affairs of the kingdom shall be clear, and if any kingdom shall disobey, they shall be held accountable.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: The Ai Jingim Voluntary Blood Donors Organization in collaboration with the Blood Storage Center Civil Hospital Shillong and RBC Pasteur Institute today held a blood donation camp.
Shillong, Nailar 20: A Bangladeshi khar, Sheik Foysal Ahmed, 2, was arrested while stealing a bike from Makbiljora village in South Garo Hills district.
The organization once again with a sad heart has left to provide assistance with tins of clothes to a family who has been affected by the natural disaster in the past few days.
This attack by these foreigners and foreigners on the KHADC police and journalists is an attack on the minority community where the community should not allow at all in such incidents. “They will be able to take over and attack the people,” said Bah MH Dkhar, President of AJYWO Sengkmie.
At the same time, the union demands that the state government should hold a solansar for all schools to sing the Khasi song 'Ri khasi Ri khasi' whether they are government schools or private schools as a sign of respect for the culture. .
The group wishes all the best to the family of Bah Skhem Sohtun and his children to grow in income and to have a healthy body and also to learn. increase in education levels in the days and years to come.
The Election Commission has also said that they will be vigilant in the use of money and other benefits to the people.
The NPP-led government, which also includes the BJP, today met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malih to discuss the issue. DC and SP of West Garo Hills.
Sharma admitted that 80pc of the job seekers who have been trained by the company have been employed and there are 126 training centers in the North East.
He recalled that the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule is not recent but it has been going on since the late 1970s.
On this day, the people collected plastic and the cleanliness was not only in the villages but also in the rivers.
Tura, Nailur 29: Nine suspected GNLA militants today abducted nine traders from Assam from Songotagre in Jan Chokpot of South Garo Hills district. Assam.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Chief Engineer said that this bridge is very important as it connects Jaintia Hills and Khasi Hills.
Speaking as the chief guest at the World Blood Donors Day at Dinam Hall today, he said that this work done by the organization is an honorable work to save lives.
In a reply received by the Union from the State Government, it was said that the Urban Development Department has prepared an Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA) and an Environmental Management Plan (EMP).
In this meeting with the DC on 28th May '14 in the presence of Genl.
On the other hand, the Minister said that it is true that the allocation of funds for this project is in the ratio of 50:5 There are also works that have to be done in Public Private Partnership (PPP) Mode.
Last month, Chinese Prime Minister Xi Jinping held a phone conversation with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy as a beginning of peace talks.
The MTDC has awarded the contract to Bah Lessly Shylla after he offered to pay the MTDC T.98.997 crore for 33 years and to complete the hotel.
:From investment in modern infrastructure where there are good services and extensive transportation facilities, the month of November is a symbol of the transformative steps that the country undertaken in the last fifteen years to build a strong foundation for the country’s economic development.
We pray for you and your family that the Lord God will give you strength and peace at this sad time.
This will further protect India's genetic resources and indigenous knowledge, which are trademarked but also misused in other countries that do not have to provide information about the above sources.
New Delhi, Lber 06: The Central Consumer Protection Authority (CCPA) has issued a full advisory on the increasing incidents of advertisements of illegal activities.
The experts on the panel of the Conclave were Bah Wankit Kupar Swer, General Manager, Meghalaya Basin Development Authority.
Regarding the disposal of waste from hospitals in Shillong, u Bah Syiem said that when the construction of a disposal site for waste from hospitals known as “Bio Medical Waste” "It is alleged that the government has violated the rules of law.
On this occasion, the Meghalaya Livestock Mission through the Livestock Department of the State Government also distributed funds to the farmers.
At the same time, the Chairman of NESO said that as a minority of the North Eastern Region of India, we are with the people of Twipra in their struggle to demand their rights. you have their rights.
It is suspected that the robbers took advantage of the same day to rob the lives of the two foreigners.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah PM Syiemlieh, Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, said that the whole world celebrates this special day for the environment. and raise their children as human beings should respect the environment as they respect their parents by caring for and preserving the environment not only by thinking about it. the present but for the foreseeable future.
“There has never been a time when Meghalaya has formed a government without the Congress,” he said, adding that other ethnic parties that came to power in the government could not lead for a long time but collapsed within months. ten years.
The reason is that the works on this site are still in progress as the government has directed the contractor to hand over the site to the government by November
Bah Banshai Marbaniang said that the knowledge of Khaddar has declined by introducing how to fight politics by misleading the people on many issues without thinking about a clean and independent governance. having been brought to be made merely a means of someone’s personal money-making.
Prime Minister Duh said that after the country gained independence, the North East has suffered discrimination.
"We don't want this to happen again," he added.
Most of these people are allegedly Muslims who claim to be from Assam, Uttar Pradesh and other states.
CROWNM54DONG UMBAH, UMPLING, SHILLONG – 79300692013-02-0113INDEPENDENTIND1.
Recent sources close to the BJP in Meghalaya said that the absence of some of them is due to the fact that they already have jobs that they cannot avoid. .
The President, who is the head of the defense forces, sat for about 30 minutes on the plane which flew over the Brahmaputra and Tezpur from the Himalayas before returning to the Air Force Station.
In these days, there has been a natural disaster in which some houses have been destroyed.
: The mutka is a valuable commodity that cannot be compared with the tar badka is the land of the Ri ka Raij; area within the surrounding boundary including himas, raijs and villages.
Mairang, Jymmang 08:This is to inform all the people especially the candidates and parties contesting the elections from the 30th Mairang (ST) and 31st Mawthadraishan (ST) Constituencies. Dr. TG Vinay, IAS, has been elected from the district.
The Home Guard immediately informed the police, who rushed to the scene to take the body of Bah Surong.
The union also monitored the construction of the Residential School and the Block Institute of Teachers Education (BITE) in the district and also learned that the relevant department is struggling to get funds to improve and build the school. They are responsible for the funds allocated by the Central Government.
However, as of now, the implementation of schemes and projects is not too slow.
Most of the time, people who have received the approval of the School Managing Committee or Headmasters and Headmistress are appointed.
The Assam Rifles will hold meetings for cooperation with the State Police, CAPF, and others.
The program will be held on the 17th June 2022 at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong.
The MPSC has not been able to conduct the examinations according to the rules since 2017, although there is the COVID-19 pandemic but in the middle because there are other jobs that have to be filled in other departments. The MPSC government has not yet announced.
The arrested persons are now in police custody.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday said that shops in Shillong will be closed on Monday morning, but will remain open from Tuesday to Saturday.
The conditions they have set are that they want to have their own land for all the 342 households who were censused in 2018. One of the questions they have set is whether finished building the houses whether they will inherit the house in which they live.
The Government has taken this decision to assist the people in the treatment of COVID-1
The Federation of Khasi States (UDP) has formed a Legislative Assembly of Khasi States consisting of 25 Chief Ministers and 16 Hima Chiefs. three Kings.
This assistance is for all pregnant women, this assistance will be T.5000 tyngka and the payment will be in three parts, when they first register they will receive Rs.1000 tyngka, The second installment will be T.2000 tyngka when they reach 6 months of pregnancy and the third installment will be T.2000 tyngka at the time of birth.
He said that if anything happens to the people who were present in this dorbar today, who will be responsible?
After talks with the management of Lafarge, they have reached an agreement to discuss the matter again on Tuesday with the participation of the Dorbar Shnong. employment within this company for villagers.
Therefore, the union said that it does not want such officers to come to serve in the district. They don't have to worry about the truth.
Simi Khongtiang said that in the New Year it will be exhibited in Shillong.
The people of Shillong from all religions have come out to visit the places of worship in Shillong with mutual greetings.
He also urged everyone to take part in the elections to be held on 19th June in Meghalaya.
The DONER department was established during the BJP government led by Atal Bihari Vajpayee Prime Minister. In India.
Replying to a request for clarification from the opposition, the CEM of KHADC said that the request for more money is to be used in the 2023-2024 fiscal year in various departments.
After the inspection, a meeting was held with the Rangbah Shnongs of Umpling, Rynjah, Lapalang. collection site for household waste as an experiment.
Or it can be said that it regards the Bri U Hynniewtrep not as a whole village of India but only as a colony which it can use by force at any time.
Post-GST, this increased by at least 1% to 5.4%.
“I hope that we will achieve victory through cooperation and understanding especially with the support of the elders,” said Bah Highlander. community through health as well as education dangle.
It is now a holy spirit, a golden spirit, which will open the way for the people to walk on it and for a while to meditate and pray and to plead with God that he will May the country protect and care for us, may it pour out the blessings from beyond so that mankind will continue to grow and develop in the blood of this earth.
Bah Lekichen joined the police force in 2007 and was in the Fire Service until the day of his death. The day of the wedding is the day of the wedding.
The issuance of NOC by the KHADC is the change of Bah Pynshngain and Bah Hadrian Lyngdoh and they will oppose because the two lane road is a uranium road and therefore it is also the issuance of NOC for uranium by the KHADC. Shillong, Naitung 25: The Assam government has to work with the Assam government to protect the wild elephants in Meghalaya because the same elephants cannot be protected twice, said Bah YS. Shullai is in charge of wildlife of the Forest Department.
The BJP has admitted that the party's victory in Madhya Pradesh is due to the fact that the BJP has ruled well in the past five years and the victory in Chhattisgarh is due to the party's victory in Chhattisgarh. The reason why the people have voted for the Congress party.
Uta you no you long.
The president of the Bethany Society was Colonel T Donal.
The Rajya Sabha MP election will be attended by only 60 MLAs. Of the MLAs in the House, the ruling party has 41 MLAs and the opposition Congress has Shillong, Jymmang 27: U Bah H Nongpluh IPS, Additional Director General of Meghalaya Police and Chairman of the Central Recruitment Board, today said that those who have applied for the post of SF- 10, those who applied for the Arms and Unarmed Branch have been able to print their admit cards.
The purpose of this meeting is to raise awareness among the people regarding the customs and traditions.
The Chairman of the High Power Committee of GHADC, RK Sangma, said that the GHADC has already passed a resolution against the UCC after holding a meeting with the Nokma and other political parties. Shillong Lok Sabha MP Vincent H. Pala has sought clarification from the Minister in charge of Fisheries and Animal Husbandry and Dairying, Government of India. Parshottam Rupala on the spread of foot-and-mouth disease in cows in India and Meghalaya.
Shillong, November 02: A fire broke out at the Shree Mahabir Flour Mills at Luckier Road Shillong on Saturday morning.
When such failures occur, those in charge of the Works should take responsibility.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: U Bah AL Hek, Leader of the BJP and Minister of Health and Family Welfare in the MDA government, on Tuesday said that the joint candidate should contest the MP elections and not the Speaking to media at his office, he said that the Minister's speech will be supported by the MDA or the NDA. Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma has urged the parties in the MDA government to discuss the MP candidate within the party and then bring it to the MDA.
Shillong, July 23: The Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui today called a meeting with the Meghalaya Board of School Education to discuss the issue of the examination for Class X and Class students. XII who did not write the examination due to COVID-1
Dr. Carl O. Rangad's has been selected as the consultant from among many prominent figures in the world after being reviewed by the AEF Board.
He also urged that the ration should not be distributed to those people who do not have ration cards.
At present, these villages do not have light at all and as the union we are pleased to say that the state government has made it difficult for this area to force the people to accept the pre-uranium mining projects and also to force them to allow the mining of uranium in the area.
Residents said that Paul Makri was urged to flee the scene twice because the CRPF had opened fire on the crowd, but Paul Makri refused. He continued to join hands with fellow KSU members who were protesting in Motphran until he was shot dead and his body was taken to the Civil Hospital.
After the Ministers of Mawsynram Hima recognized the Syiem, the Executive Committee confirmed Bah Amos Singh Malngiang as the full Syiem of the Hima.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: Two members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU), Teiborlang Nongbri and Johny Lyngdoh, have been arrested by the police on charges of involvement in a riot in Laitumkhrah on Tuesday. The suspect was released on bail by the court today.
The party has nominated three candidates for the MDC bye election, on the solid foundation that the party stands, because KHNAM was born because the political parties, like the UDP, did not They have failed to ensure that the state will grow and develop in all aspects.
Members of the party have been arrested as ksew by the state authorities.
Shillong, Naiwieng 05: The Seiñ Kur Dkhar, Wapung Circle, in a statement sent by the President of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar, Shaniahskhem Dkhar, today announced that it will hold a ceremony on the last day of November. students of the Kur Dkhar who have done well in their studies in 2019 and also to the various leaders of the Kur Dkhar who are the honor and pride of the Dkhar.
On the complaint of the shopkeepers especially in Khyndai Lad area against the order, Kong Kurbah said, “It is not a punishment, but it is because we feel sorry for the elderly, the young. shaba palat is the robbery that has happened.
Likewise to the students of various colleges who have to prepare for their various examinations.
Equitable fines: Fines are linked to the solvency of the group by looking at their investment and income to ensure equity.
Police of Mawlai Traffic Branch on receiving the information rushed to the scene to investigate the incident.
At present, all parts of India want the BJP prime ministerial candidate to visit different states to hold public meetings and the people also want to see this leader. not rat of India.
As a father, he tried his best but could not cure his children. He tried to find ways to treat them at Guwahati Medical College and other hospitals.
The total number of participants in the march to showcase their culture has exceeded 1000 people. The march was organized by the Department of Culture and Heritage of the State Government.
The Vice Principal also urged the students to use digital technology to get more accurate sources of information.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The Hyndai Car Dealership Company today launched the sale of a vehicle called “VENUE” at their car dealership at Keating Road Shillong. use the vehicle of the Company.
Shillong, March 15: The Mawsynram PWD Division has not repaired the road leading to Mawkhaphan village for many years. The incident occurred on this road which is about 3 KM from the PWD Mawsynram office.
The number of MDCs in GHADC as won in the MDC elections from different parties is 10 from the NPP, 7 from the Congress, 1 from the BJP, 3 from the GNC, 1 from the NCP and 5 from the Independent.
Police suspect that there is a group of bike thieves from Meghalaya to sell to Bangladesh. There is no need to sell bikes to Bangladesh.
Festivals like IFFI are like a family.
India has set an example in sharing the benefits of geo-spatial technology, said Prime Minister Duh, citing the example of the South Asian satellite which opens up communication channels in areas near the India.
They are now in the custody of the police.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Lawanpynshngian War, President of the Governing Body of the College. Basaiawmoit, Minister of Hima Nongkhlaw, on this occasion, there were also performances by the students to enrich the occasion and the welcome speech was delivered by Kong A.War Vice Principal of the college.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Prestone said that the enactment of Section 144 CrPC in Shillong which orders food shops and other shops to close within 10 pm, will doesn't work anymore.
The Minister said that MUDA has not crossed the border into areas outside the SMB, but it is the responsibility of KHADC to make rules regarding the construction of houses. .
Shillong, Lber 31: Former MDC of Nongpoh Constituency, Rona Khymdeit today joined the Congress Party in the presence of Congress supporters.
Shillong, July 21: Professor Ken Gnanakan, Chancellor of William Carey University, on Tuesday said, “We have not yet received the recognition from the University Grant Commission. send her men to inspect".
Shillong, Naiwieng 09: The MPCC President Dr Celestine Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that before leaving for Bangladesh, the NPP party stands where it stands on the Citizenship Amendment Bill. “Worker Permit for Bangladesh.
Shillong, Nailur 24: The North East Slow Food and Agrobiodiversity Society (NESFAS) has organized a competition to provide lunch to school children in Mawmihthied village from natural vegetables.
According to sources, the burning of government vehicles happened in the area today, but it has not been confirmed whether these government vehicles were burnt down. you government department aiu.
Therefore, the message of the 2021 New Year is to set the theme of “mutual respect” as a goal in our daily lives.
The President of HITO said that if they do not respond after 23rd June, they will file a defamation case against the Union Defense Minister Amit Shah.
“It is unacceptable for people and vehicles to travel together on the highway.
China has prepared social peace terms for Ukraine, which were immediately rejected by the inhabitants, who demanded that a peace agreement would come only if Russia immediately suspended its sanctions and withdrew its sanctions. its troops from the Ukrainian border.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: The Employment Generation Cell of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) under the leadership of Samla Manly Nongpluh as Chairman of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today urged the The State Government should take action to address the problems faced by all the day laborers at this time.
At 54-Mahendraganj and Sanjay Sangma.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr Donkupar said, “Bah HS Shylla, he has gone astray, now the party welcomes him back to the right path. “It's too late to come back,” said Dr Donkupar.
A total of 210 people took part in the race. The flag raising ceremony was conducted by Bah T Kharmih, Bah D Hynniewta and Dr BPS Toi, Interim Rangbah Shnong of Mawkhar.
On the other hand, the party once again invites and urges all from NGOs, youth, parents and others not to have differences but to have a spirit of unity for the cause of for if we do not unite, we shall be destroyed by the poi ei and we shall be slaves in one day.
“In 1970-1971 and 2002-2003, there were attempts to resolve the border dispute, but the Karbi villages were so hostile that the Khasi villagers had to flee to Barato,” he said. said Mr. Sungoh.
The HITO has given time to the contractors at the site to submit their documents within two days, this is the same for other companies operating in Meghalaya.
Speaking to SP News Agency, many of them said that they don't have any information that there is illegal appointment in JHADC, because all those who get jobs in JHADC have received the approval of the EC. The service rule is not available to the District Council.
Later, he will take part in the award ceremony of the Human Rights Council and a meeting of the Council to discuss the work of the Council for the North East and others.
He said the expenditure will be T.27,072 crore, of which the expenditure from revenue collection is estimated at T.19,653 crore and the expenditure from borrowings is estimated at T.7,4 crore.
Shillong, Nailar 17: The Minister in charge of Information and Broadcasting of India, M Venkaiah Naidu and the Minister of State for Bangladesh, Hasanul Haq Inu today agreed to The two countries have worked together to produce a film about the 1971 war that led to the independence of Bangladesh.
On behalf of the jugali, the meeting was led by Bah Thomas Passah President of KHNAM, Youth Wing.
After the meeting, the petition was submitted to the Chief Minister.
This will be especially for the youth and mothers. This allocation is for new schemes. The Minister said that it is not a scheme to replace the existing schemes.
In this regard, the Chief Minister said that so far there have been no applications from Bangladeshis. In this regard, the CoMSO has asked the Chief Minister that if there are any applications from Bangladesh, application the government should not accept.
You can't implement it.
The closure of these two roads is to prevent people from entering these areas where many people have tested positive for COVID-1
Shillong, Lber 21: Vincent Pala of the Congress, Bah Shun Lyngdoh of the BJP and Bah Shun Lyngdoh of the BJP have filed their nomination papers for the 1st Shillong Parliamentary seat. Rev PBM Basaiawmoit as a candidate.
The intention of the employees of EMRI to form the union is on the basis that the superiors should not take advantage or insult the employees who work for the welfare of the people.
Regarding the food allowance for the poor, the government has increased it from 200 tyngka to 500 tyngka per month and on the demand for 5000 tyngka, this has to be discussed with the government.
This Act stipulates that those who violate the Act shall be liable to imprisonment for three months, a fine of T.25000/- or both if the violation is repeated. the first.
Superintendent of Police Vivek Syiem, AB-Inspector John M Sangma and Havildar Teibor Sumer were also awarded the Medal for Meritorious Service. The Civil Defense Medal for Meritorious Service was awarded to Kong Aniosca Basaiawmoit, Inspector, Senior Instructor at the Central Training Institute of Civil Defense and Home Guards, Mawdiangdiang.
Mr. John F Kharshiing thanked the SAI for providing this facility for the purpose of holding this tournament.
These include the Railhead Depot of Indian Oil Corporation Ltd.
Shillong, Nailur 12: Answering a question by Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of District Councils, James K Sangma, on Tuesday said that according to the Bill introduced by the Central Government in the Sixth Amendment. The Schedule states that GHADC should have 42 leaders, KHADC should have 40 leaders and JHADC should have 34 leaders.
With a view to expanding research capacity and building a scientific foundation in traditional healthcare systems, I believe that these seven new buildings inaugurated today will contribute significantly to NEAIH. I don't have this thong.
The entry of these foreigners is unsafe especially during this time of Covid19 because they have not undergone the test required by the government in charge of health.
Out of the five CrRP companies, six companies will be sent and two companies will be retained, one for Ranikor and one for South Tura.
The Chief Minister also said that Meghalaya will celebrate its 50th anniversary in 2022 when the National Games will be held in the state.
Jowai, Jymmang 10: Following the news of corruption which has reached Rs 1 crore 18 lakh, the UDP Jaintia Hills in a meeting with the media has expressed its sorrow and strong condemnation to the Chief Executive Member (CEM), the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC), Madonbai Rymbai.
It is to be recalled that unknown persons abducted Dajied from Nongjri on the night of 27.4.2017 from the office of Bah Kynsai Dkhar. JCB.Shillong, Jymmang 03: Ka KHNAM has given its full support to the Khasi Author Society which has organized to celebrate the 175th Anniversary of the Khasi Language with a public march to promote the Khasi Language.
Shillong, March 17: The KSU Tynrsad has expanded its office by setting up a branch office in Nongthliew-Umthlong.
Police have registered a case under Section 120B/307/427/436/34 of the Indian Penal Code and Section 3 of the Explosive Substances Act, 4 of the Prevention of Damage to Public Property Act, 1984.
When inquired, Bah Chyne said that the collapse of the garbage dump in Marten has been going on since 2008-2
The Village would like to express its gratitude to Bah John F Kharshiing, Working President, Meghalaya State Olympic Association, who has worked hard to meet with the Sports Department since July 2017, to discuss the issue. Government to bring about the need for a playground for the youth of Mylliem – Khyrim.
Chandra said that after registration, employees will receive an eSHRAM card with a Universal Account Number (UAN) and will be able to access the benefits of various schemes through this card from anywhere. place and at any time.
Requesting for the 10%, the Minister said that in the state there are still village forests, hima forests where the government has not taken them away for the purpose of preserving the forests especially the forests. water well.
In many places the group has worked with the police department except in some places where the police department has not come.
Unfortunately, the Prime Minister said that all this incident is politically motivated, on the part of the civil society groups, they have clarified that there is no political motivation but their struggle is to demand from the government. the government to prevent the infiltration of foreigners.
Police are conducting search operations across the Khasi and Jaintia Hills to arrest all the members of this group.
: Heavy rainfall from Thursday night to Sunday morning has caused severe damage to many villages in South West Khasi Hills District. houses, roads as well as roads due to landslides in many places.
According to the announcement, the road from 69.2 km from Jowai to 173.2 km at Malidor has been handed over to the NHAI, but the NHAI has not yet taken over or repaired the road. her.
Shillong, Naiwieng 05: Minimon Laloo, a prominent writer of Meghalaya, has received the Sahitya Shikhar Award 2012 from the Surbhi Sahitya Cultural Academy, Khandwa on 28th March, Central Province.
The meeting also agreed that the Office of the Director of Minerals and Resources (DMR) should not object to any mining lease of private individuals by forcibly occupying the old mining lease area of ​​240.55 hectares. According to the new law and regulations, the allocation of land to the Company will be within 24.09 hectares and not more.
Out of T.1300/- crore, T.300 crore has already been received and the government has paid T.100 crore, the remaining T.1000 crore. The remaining light bill, the negotiations to get the money are ongoing.
Shillong, July 02: The incident of klumar inside the Weight Bridges doesn't end in our state, one after another and those who become victims are the drivers and those who have been involved in such incidents in the past years. you are in Umling, in Amlarem.
Shillong, Lber 10: U Dr RC Laloo, Minister of State for Food and Civil Supplies, Dr RC Laloo, in reply to a question by Dr Donkupar Roy regarding the distribution of ration, to the vendors, The Minister said that the government will think more about providing computers to those who know how to improve their skills.
The swearing in ceremony was attended by the General Secretary KJNU CB Bishar Samayang, who also gave his words of encouragement and blessings to the new members.
The meeting was led by the Shillong Reach Ministries (SRM) which works for the welfare of the street children.
This procession was held in this month because it is considered as the holy month of Sawan.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister of Manipur has ordered the arrest of these poiei who are harassing the Khasi.
If any, they should not only talk in the media about the ILP but should create the mechanisms to implement it through the District Council.
The President of BJYM, has visited and sought information on the shortages faced by the patients from time to time.
Young people have lost the opportunity to apply for jobs due to the outbreak of Covid-1
VPP candidate Mayborn Lyngdoh said the Indian government has granted the Right to Education Act but it has not yet been implemented in the state.
Shillong, November 21: The National People's Party (NPP) today held a Christmas celebration at the National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar.
This has been the top issue in many of the MPs and Cabinet Ministers.
Mawlong said that so far the reports have been received only from two districts, South West Khasi Hills District and West Khasi Hills District. The office is still waiting for the reports from all the districts in the state.
After the government lifted the curfew on schools, markets and vehicles, roads from Mih Myntdu to Iaw Musiang have been blocked for hours. The union said that through the repair and improvement of this old by pass road, it will bring about the improvement of the road in Jowai and will make it more convenient for those who go to Shillong through this road. .
Members of the KSU Mission Compound Unit led by Secretary Meban Syiemlieh have expelled foreigners working within the boundary of Mission Compound Village without providing their documents. pages are available.
On the other hand, the BGB troops have been informing the BSF troops about the places where the smugglers used to operate. or by cutting off the Shiah knives and sending them to Bangladesh.
He remembered the heroes of Meghalaya – Tirot Singh Syiem, Kiang Nangbah and Pa Togan Sangma, saying that many of the history books do not talk about history, it is the culture of the North East.
The Khasi people, as usual since ancient times, farm in their areas farther away from their villages.
Only stones and caves have appeared in the middle of this highway.
Give the government some time to improve.
Replying to a question by Bah Hima regarding the infiltration at Hat Mawdon, he said the government will look into the suggestion of the MLA regarding the police station at Hat Mawdon. Outpost.
They expressed their concern over the loss of time to write the examination during the NEET (UG) 2024 on 05.05.2024, at some Exam Centres.
The Mahotsav also aims to showcase the best parts of the North East at one place through handicrafts, textiles, durable goods, GI products – organic fruits and vegetables from the North East.
" In his words, millions of Indians joined the freedom movement under his leadership and sacrificed their lives for it.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The HANM of Pynursla today lodged a complaint with the SDO of Pynursla regarding the smuggling of food items to Bangladesh and this smuggling has affected the price of food items in the state. other.
The delay in investigating the matter has been less than a year and has caused many churches to suspect that there may be something behind it.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Catholic Church to express its sorrow over the death of the Holy Father, tomorrow will not hold a special prayer at the Cathedral in Laitumkhrah Shillong.
Police said that after extinguishing the tree, they found the body of the deceased standing in the fire. The deceased was identified as Ramesh Bara, 45, of Tarajani, Jorhat. , Assam and has been living in the godown for four years as he works with the owners of the houses.
This year, the theme of International Customs Day 2023 is “.
S.Nongtynger Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hill District, said that the police did not recognize the drug dealer. sha to the Umshing area.
Meghalaya Police have arrested the owner of the mobile number and identified him as Khajin Haloi, 38, from Korailinghat, Nalbari District, Assam.
U Bah Paul Lyngdoh, in his speech today, said that to forgive is not to forgive anything that has happened in the past and to forgive from today. He also reminded the past that the British came to rule with power and after independence they were forcibly brought under the CAB. India has signed the Instrument of Accession and in 1972 Meghalaya got its CAB and now it has the CAB. These three are the ones that need to be protected. That is why in 1993 the United Nations adopted this year to protect minorities. on the surface of the earth.
Former MDC Lamdibok Sumer, Vice President of UDP Amlarem Circle Unit and Medling Swer, Working President, presented the party's objectives and future activities. to prepare for the Lok Sabha elections.
At the same time, the union suggests to the state government to think again about those contractors, as the government's assistance of 700 tyngka per month for one month, is no longer appropriate, as the curfew is still in place. and many poor families have lived in misery and suffering.
What the union and the people of the area have found now shows that there is a stingy and tortious calculation on the part of the two contractors who should have constructed this road. The road has been cleaned but only the cleaning of the soil has cleaned up the road and disrupted the movement of the people especially in these months when it has started to rain in the area.
Bareh said the youth wing hopes that the party will do well in 2023 and the people will turn to it.
The party prays for all those who lost their lives in this tragic incident.
When the Central Government terminated the program in 2014, it directed the State Government to recruit them as full time employees of the State Government.
Police have confirmed that only one police personnel was injured in the incident.
At the same time, he also mentioned the presence of coal, Mawshun and other mineral resources in the state.
Therefore, in this regard, the Election Committee invites all the youth who are ready to carry the burden of the Hynniewtrep people through the KSU to come forward to participate as candidates for the election. for various posts ranging from the post of President, General Secretary and others.
Those who have been married to other ethnic groups should not speak wisely about this bill. They have no right to speak and these are the citizens of the ethnic group.
To avoid this payment, the government has set aside a special allocation of T.35/- crore within the Rural Development Department. This is a scheme launched by the Congress government.
There are 1985 government school teachers in the LP and 461 non-government school teachers. Mayralborn Syiem in the Legislative Assembly today.
There are several channels of the NayaPakistan Group (NPG) operated by journalists from Pakistani media outlets.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: A group of doctors from the AYUSH Medical Association of Meghalaya (AMAM) on Tuesday met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Mazel Ampareen. Lyngdoh, to inquire about the delay in appointment of AYUSH Doctor.
The amount has been allocated to the respective states of the North East, for Assam Rs 1.9 crore, Manipur Rs 2.2 crore, Mizoram Rs 1.52 crore and so on. number of state students.
With this defeat in this election, many of the AGP office bearers have joined other parties like the Congress. Speaking to reporters at the AGP office, Dr. Kamala Kalita said that the AGP should not compare the AGP with other political parties. on the basis of fighting against the influx of foreign authorities.
Police are conducting investigation into the driver and the assistant manager.
Shillong, June 30: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongstoin Circle today met with the Post Master regarding the stagnation of public money inside the Post Office. I don't know why I haven't been appointed as post master.
Shillong, Nailur 24: The Minister in charge of Parliamentary Affairs, Symbut, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, today introduced the amendment to the Members' Pension Act
Three deaths have been reported from East Khasi Hills District. Three of these deaths have been from East Khasi Hills District. The total number of recoveries has risen to There are 982 cases so far.
"“Through the Welfare Board we want the Government to count the number of domestic workers, to provide assistance when they face any incident in their lives, to provide medical assistance from the medical expenses, childbirth assistance and others.
In the government announcement, the rules will be explained in detail but the Prime Minister has briefly explained some of these points. not allowed, but only a few parts shall be allowed by many strict rules.
The HYC has sent a petition to the KHADC to get the NOC from the KHADC. The HYC strongly opposes the proposal of the BSF to set up the NOC. They are located in the South West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, July 03: The All India Trinamool Congress will soon announce its 35 candidates for the upcoming elections in the state.
If the members do not agree with the answer, they can also ask questions in the Dorbar as in the Assembly and Parliament.
Shillong, March 03: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today laid the foundation stone for the construction of the Purno A Sangma International Medical College and Hospital by UTSM in Ri Bhoi District. twitter.
I hope you will carry good tidings when you leave this State.
On July 17, Paul Biswal Makri, a KSU volunteer, was shot in the head in Motphran area and died on the spot.
The Chief Minister said that the increase in the allocation from the Central Government will help a lot in terms of the employment needs of the state for the implementation of development projects. The state will receive T.3,300/- crore along with other projects that the government will do this fiscal year.
Those who have completed the first vaccination are 12,80,189 lakh, those who have completed the second vaccination are 9,12,784 lakh and those who have been vaccinated are 10,503 thousand. until today.
“Until now we cannot say that the Adhoc Upper Primary Schools are very old since 1989-1990 and there has been no upgradation to the Deficit System,” said Babu Shadap.
It has been suggested to set aside Rs 95,000 crore as a 50-year interest-free loan this year to support the reforms for Viksit Bharat by the State Governments.
The Prime Minister laid the foundation stone for seven road projects across Assam, Meghalaya, Manipur, Mizoram and Tripura.
The JYF has questioned whether all the land where various companies have set up their cement plants, have not been purchased which is against the Land Transfer Act.
Fortunately, the country has a leader in Prime Minister Duh who understands technology and has used it to bring about economic development in the country in an unprecedented way, he added.
When police ordered Bernad to surrender to the police, he fled and was arrested from Uttar Pradesh and returned to Meghalaya. to explosives and ammunition.
After the arrest of Tanthaoliu Gonmai from Imphal, Dimchiulungam from Police Bazar Shillong was also arrested with the assistance of Police from Shillong.
All the traders have to do is to use their MVAT TIN No. to open the government website and go to the e-Services if the traders find Officers of this government department may encounter problems.
This is the second time that the DC has been shot dead by the militants. The first time it was clear that the robbers were robbing from the trucks, but this time they have shot him and the robbers. pot 8 pm is the time when robbers usually rob the area.
Shillong, July 29: The Dorbar Shnong Mawlai Mawroh has received a complaint from the residents, consumers and distributors regarding the ICDS rice. The State Government should send for an inspection into the issue of bad rice.
BJYM Meghalaya President Egenstar Kurkalang said.
We urge the Council, as the owner of the land, to fight against this issue,” said the petition. by the Self Help Groups (SHGs) through the three Dorbar Shnongs around the area so that it will open up opportunities for our youth who are suffering from unemployment,” said the petition.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 13,496 from East Khasi Hills, 10 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from North Garo Hills and 1 from East Jaintia Hills.
Trade between the two countries is still strong and many Indian companies want to invest in the country.
In terms of regulations, this report will focus on research related to other less harmful beverages or beverages that are in line with the government's goal of reducing the harm associated with the use of tobacco and encourage people to quit smoking.
He urged all the officers involved in the implementation of schemes for the benefit of the people to be responsible for their work and to take up their work with understanding and to ensure that all works are carried out smoothly in the implementation of the development schemes of the government.
On the other hand, the OC said that the fine is T.2000/- per vehicle.
The release of T 40,000 crore today comes from the Central Government's 5-year securities worth T.23,500 crore and 2-year securities worth T.16,500 crore this year. The weighted average yield was 5.69 and 4.16 percent per annum respectively.
On the other hand, this group asks why not have a railway line for easy travel.
People with disabilities and especially those with visual impairments lose their constitutional rights because the government cannot meet their needs.
There are 74 recoveries, 8 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 4 cases in North Garo Hills, 2 cases in Ri Bhoi and 10 cases in West Garo Hills.
Later on, whether it is in education or sports, he urged them to instill in the minds of the students the spirit of struggle of Tirot Sing Syiem who was not only a hero of the nation but also within the country. the whole of India.
Dr. Dwivedi said the students have a goal for a healthy, informed society that brings a holistic approach for the welfare of the society bad you grow you par.
The card will expire in October and for this reason they have to suspend it on the 30th of July.
Through the opportunity to improve the jri bridge near the village, the Seng expects that in the future through the support of the people, the Seng will continue to try as much as possible. small.
On the other hand, Bah Morris Lyngdoh in his speech, explained to the public the various schemes which the CM has allocated for each leader to provide for the people.
Shillong, July 12: One day after a public meeting held at Diengphatsoh to protest against the government's plan to purchase more land for the New Shillong Township (NST), the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Dr. He said the government is ready to accept the concerns of the people.
After the meeting, they held a Mombati to express their condolences on the passing away of four persons, Shiruplang Sumer, Ni Khasi Dhar, Talis Nartiang, Thal Shadap and Six Talang. held in front of Congress Bhavan.
Amit Shah laid wreaths at the statue of Swami Vivekananda at Ramakrishna Mission, Sohrabad.
Shillong, Nailar 23: The KSU, FKJGP, GSU, ADE and others today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sagma to discuss the border settlement with Assam. The government has completed the first phase and now the state is the second phase.
Shillong, Nailur 29: The talks between the two Chief Ministers of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma of Meghalaya and Himanta Biswa Sarma of Assam continued at the State Quest House today morning. of Assam in Khanapara.
Referring to the foundations he laid during his tenure as Chief Minister, this government has now opened them. Regarding the post of MP, he said that the people should look. “I don't know what Agatha did during her tenure as MP,” said Dr Mukul Sangma.
“It will not take long to join the NPP as I have agreed as a sign of gratitude to contest from the NPP and we will discuss with my office bearers and supporters,” he said.
The Superintendent of Police, South Garo Hills District, said that the police are currently sending them for medical examination. Their village with the assistance of the police.
Shillong, Nailur 24: U Prof SK Dixit on Tuesday sent a letter to the demand of the KSU Unit at NEHU, regarding the teachers. full-time teachers in all academic departments and currently being organised.
In 2003, Holiram wrote a letter of apology to the Guwahati High Court of Assam but in 2004 the court upheld the decision.
It was also witnessed that a vehicle was stuck in the landslide in front of the crematorium.
In a statement sent by Samla P Waniang Education Secretary of the KSU, he expressed his regret that such evils have started to enter the Mawkyrwat area. fight against these evils before it is too late.
The Block Development Officer of Jirang C&RD Block, Dr. Pabitra R Hajong, in an interview with this reporter, said that this happened at about 4 pm on October 31, The houses were destroyed and the trees were cut down on the road and the road was blocked.
Regarding the border crossing in Tura, the District Administration of West Garo Hills District has been directed to investigate so that it can be resolved as it was done in Williamnagar. paid should not doubt this intention of the government.
The destruction of this school has caused problems to the residents of this area as they have had to send their children to school about 10 kms away from their village.
The group said that if the government does not implement the Inner Line Permit system by April, it will lose respect for the government and will continue to protest until it gets the Inner Line Permit.
Shillong, November 23: KSU Mawlai Nonglum unit today donated two duli to a creche in Mawlai Nonglum. godrej distributed 30 blankets and 40 doormats as part of the Christmas celebration.
", Constitution of India and it is very important for the children of thousands of Bri Hynniewtrep to understand how until today these words appear clearly within the border of Assam according to the Constitution of India.
It was found that the aluminum roofing sheets delivered were not in accordance with the requirements of the Directorate of Housing, Meghalaya,” he said.
M/S NCC Limited is one of the companies to look after the completion of the work.
He said that they should stand firm in the midst of the events around us.
He recalled that when he went to Rome, he came from the railway station and arranged accommodation for them.
The Minister said the construction of the hotel started in 1987 and has been running for 31 years.
The Government of India has taken steps as a Fact Check Unit in the PIB, and this has worked well.
This will start from the start of the current academic year in 2024 and the appointment of teachers at the College will start after the implementation of the Model Code of Conduct for the MP election. sha Public Assembly.
The union is pleased to demand from the government to set up a Government College in this area and this demand of the union is not new but has been demanded from time to time.
The FKJGP does not want to turn the CHC into a money making factory because we have heard many complaints regarding the behavior of the doctor incharge who is currently the Medical & Health Officer of the CHC. , the installation of u (Dr.H.Lyngdoh) inside the campus of CHC is something that the doctor has violated the rules and regulations of the clinic. He has already registered the clinic according to the rules and if not, he should be punished according to the rules.
This is his first visit since he assumed office to visit the EAC. (SP News).
This Monolith Festival is a day to remind us that as a small nation we should not lose our culture. However, despite the large number of people who came to see this festival in Mawphlang, there were many people from children to the elderly.
To support this demand, the party said that Mizoram, Manipur, Tripura and Assam have increased the age limit for employment to 40 years, while the central government has increased it to 30 years.
What do you get by deceiving the people, as long as the money is not allocated?
After the incident in Mukroh, the Government has said that the Forest Check-gate of Assam should be relocated or abolished, but this has not happened, it is a blessing to the Forest Check-gate of Assam. Check gate where they have now built a stronger building with a tall and strong wall.
The meeting also discussed the Clan Bill which the Governor has sent back to the KHADC for clarification. SRKBH has urged the KHADC authorities to pass the Clan Bill.
The deceased were identified as Thrangbor Wahlang, Kyrshanbor Kharsyntiew, Ricky Lyngkhoi, Bisilin Lyngkhoi and Drialtina Lyngkhoi.
It is the one that has tried to revive the past as it was in that era, strengthened and preserved it in the present for the sake of the future of the peoples and mankind.
Shillong, July 03: Many of the precious souls of Paradoh parasnam have lost their lives due to accidents. HYC Mawryngkneng Circle has organized an awareness program which was held yesterday.
Bah Kharshiing said that although they cannot be present at this time, they send their condolences to you all, they pray that the Creator will give you strength. the whole house.
After the arrival of the Symbud Khnong Blai, the children of Niamtre came down to dance at this sacred hand.
Although Mawsynram is famous for its rainfall in the world, it is surprising to know that the residents of Mawsynram have to face water shortage.
Shillong, July 16: The union has questioned the JHADC how they are silent on this issue and how the village of Brichyrnot has been authorized to issue NOC without the authority of the JHADC. Hundreds of people have lined up to get vaccinated at the office of the Police Syiem Mylliem Hima in Iewduh.
Shillong, Lber 26: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 49 cases have been confirmed in East Garo Hills, 1 in Ri Bhoi and 1 in West Garo Hills. .
Jowai, Nailar 23: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has closed down the bank branch in Nangbah on 18.08.2022 due to the failure of the bank to count the number of customers. You have been asking for more than ten years.
The districts without new cases today are East Garo Hills, East Jaintia Hills, North Garo Hills, South Garo Hills, South West Khasi Hills and West Jaintia Hills.
On the 20th of this month, a ceremony was held to honor Who Kiangnangbah at Madiah Kmai Blai, Syntu Ksiar, Jowai.
At the same time, the Prime Minister urged the people to work together so that the government can provide for the needs of the court.
AQEES was launched by the Labor Bureau to provide quarterly surveys on employment and related jobs in recognized workplaces and also in private jobs under 9 selected categories. those who have the largest share of income and those who are exempt from agriculture.
Pala said.
So far, 14453 people have returned to the state.
Shillong, Lber 18: Police of East Garo Hills and North Garo Hills District have launched a joint operation to track down the suspects involved in the abduction of Monsing Sangma from Mejolgre village on the 5th of this month. .
He said through these activities, PACS will become the drivers of income related activities in the villages.
After a thorough discussion, they decided to send three members of the party to the All Party Meeting convened by the Chief Minister.
Meghalaya won a silver medal through Medariphylla Lyngdoh Nongbri in the Sanshou Games in the 34 kli category. bring the name to this state.
The teachers who helped to teach the children about the basics of how to draw and paint in the right way praised the children who came to participate.
Vaidya Rajesh Kotecha, Secretary, Ayush spoke about the journey of IDY since its inception and emphasized on its role in promoting health, well-being in the country. community and also a sense of unity.
The deceased were identified as Bah Limos S Majaw , 77 , of Pynthobah , Shillong , while Dr Paitbha Syngkon , 66 , of Panaliar , Jowai , died at the hospital Hills District.
The presence of many wooden bridges across the state has put the trucks in trouble because if they carry only 9 tonnes, the fuel bill of the vehicles especially those from far away will not increase. touch the bridges and this puts at risk.
At this meeting, he said that this is the day of victory before the start of the protest.
Budlang Pohtmi has lodged a complaint with the Police that on November 28, 2023, robbers broke into his house in Mawblei Madanrting Block-I, Shillong and stole 4 tonnes of gold.
This was announced by the General Secretary of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
"“The Pa Togan Nengminza Athletic Stadium, Tura is an important venue for the sportsmen of the area, children and youth of Tura who wish to train themselves in sports. the field was named after the freedom fighter.
Custom officials have arrested one person and the investigation is ongoing.
During the meeting, they discussed the remaining roads that need to be completed in the state.
The Labor Inspector of the District shall be the Member Secretary.
The date for review of nomination papers under rule 133(I) will be on 8/2/2024 and the date for withdrawal of nomination papers under rule 133(9) will be on 9/2 2/2024 and the publication of the names of the candidates to contest the election under rule 135(4) will be on 12/2/2
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: KSU Laban Circle has donated 5 kick boxing players and one MMA player to represent Meghalaya in the AIMMAF Open National MMA Championship, Youngsters from Muluk who will represent the State in the AIMMAF Open National MMA Championship, 2021 to be held in Mumbai and the WAKO India Cadet, Junior & Senior National Kickboxing Championship 2021 in Goa.
On the same day, 26/2/2022, the examination for the post of UB Constable for 300 marks will be held and the examination time will be from 1.00 pm to 4.00 pm.
The purpose of this is to earn money so that they can buy drugs for themselves.
The purpose of the border security with Bangladesh is to ensure that there should be no illegal activities on the border as there will be no elections to the Bangladesh Parliament.
From Umsyiem, BSF troops on seeing the sudden movement of cows to the border drove them away and in this chase the cow traders managed to flee into the forest and the BSF seized 13 cows from there. The area falls under the East Khasi Hills.
In the second group B game, Chinese Club scored the first goal in the first half and within a few minutes Alwinson Bareh scored the equalizer.
To strengthen the party and to have the cooperation of all to bring about a glorious victory, a committee was formed known as the Joint Congress Committee Pariong MDC Constituency and Dr PR Lyngdoh was appointed as the Chairman. .
This is a very serious threat.
We have spent T.1 lakh in this regard,” said Bah Syiem.
On the other hand, the KHADC will also write to all the DSEOs of schools to teach the students how to break the food packed in plastic as at present many foods are packed in plastic.
Shillong, Naitung 21: The first leader of the FKJGP, Bah Sounder Cajee, has worked hard to get assistance through the MP of Shillong, Bah GG Swell. Syiem Tirot Singh, the hero of the Khasi people in Nongkhlaw village through the MP Scheme.
Regarding the posts in the districts, the party has suggested that the posts should be increased to 90% from 80% as it is now, this is to fill the vacancies in the districts which have In the state, this is the opinion of the HSPDP party. Regarding the allocation of education which has been suspended so far without any special writing in the policy, the The HSPDP has suggested that the Expert Committee should look into this issue as well.
The Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah W.Nongsiej was the chief guest in the presence of the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem PM Syiemlieh, Minister of Nongkhlaw Hima. , Bah Boldness L Nongum, Assistant Director, Customs and Traditional Affairs, D. Kharjana and other government officials.
Therefore, on Gandhi Jayanti, people came out to buy Khadi products from Khadi Bhawan at Connaught Place, Delhi.
Andrew was a leader of the UDP but joined the NCP along with hundreds of his followers on that day.
Sardar Mobile 0364-2223451 mobile 9863067914, Laitumkhrah 0364-2227731 mobile 8794995516, Lumdiengjri 0364-2535322 mobile 02165051, Mawlai 0364-2547432 mobile 9612430967 / 6001392343, Rynjah 0364-2537633 mobile 762881840 / 9863083719, Madanriting 0364-2548083 mobile 8731062196.
They always do this by buying human heads, it’s disgusting.
College, Jowai, in her speech on the occasion, she also expressed her happiness and pride, by saying that she is one of the daughters of the Kur Dkhar-EJHD. Through her hard work, she has been able to reach this goal of fame and glory and also brought great fame and glory to her family, the Kur Dkhar-EJHD, and also in the state of Meghalaya.
LYWA, KSU of SWKH District and West Khasi Hills District have opposed and the HYC has raised many questions and at the same time the HYC has said that the “ The permission from the government's environment department and the land is fraudulent.
Through the new measures of the Government and also the encouragement, Indian athletes have now won more medals in international tournaments.
Therefore, with this concern, it is decided to create or create new such languages, to seek and find suitable languages ​​from across the state which are more difficult to speak in the society. don already.
The two KSU members were identified as Shanborlang Shati, 26, of Wah-Utim and Mesadapbor Skhembil, 26, of Saitsohpen, Sohra.
It has forced the country to make difficult decisions, and it must continue to be vigilant.
This is not only a program but also a real effort to raise awareness among the people about the need for cleanliness, he said while inaugurating Clean India
On the other hand, the union is pleased with the DC's initiative to allow the market dwellers and vendors to sell in suitable places but it is up to the market vendors and vendors to provide those places.
Before the start of the testing, a meeting will be held with the COVID-19 Management Committees of these villages at 10 am in Nongmynsong, 11 am in Rynjah and 12.00 pm in Mawpat. Prestone Tynsong.
Shillong, November 03: Deepanjali Das of St. Margaret Higher Secondary School, Shillong has won the 7th State Level Painting Competition on the theme “Saving Water for the World”. ".
The Union supports the Mawlai Town Dorbar Shnong and all the Dorbar Shnongs of Mawlai Town Dorbar that such incidents should not happen again and the Union strongly condemns this incident.
Tura, March 01: The Garo people have held a candlelight vigil in memory of nine persons who were killed in the MBOSE protest in 2005 on the 30th of November be washed away by the men of the law.
According to information received, the child went missing from the village on the 23rd of this month and a search operation has been conducted for him. information to where he disappeared to and the search is on.
The rally will start from the ITBP Headquarters, near Anjalee Petrol Pump and end at the Arunachal Bhavan in Cleve Colony.
Shillong, Naitung 06: The filing deadline for the mid-term MLA elections from the 35-Ranikor and 51-South Tura constituencies has ended today.
In South West Garo Hills, a ceremony was held at Ampati, in Shillong, at the State Central Library and in all districts of Meghalaya. .
Shillong, July 10: U Bah Reading M Marwein, owner of Mawphor newspaper, passed away today after a long illness. to the Mawlai Presbyterian Church.
Shillong, Lber 06: There are 28 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, 2 cases in East Garo Hills, 19 cases in East Khasi Hills and 19 cases in East Khasi Hills. There are 143 cases in Ri Bhoi, 1 in West Garo Hills and 4 in West Jaintia Hills.
From the scene of the crime, evidence has been collected and the statement of the child has been taken and sent for examination. The deceased were from Teporpara village in Assam.
At the same time, the Seng encourages the Rangbah Shnong of Shella Dorbar, Bah Tolmolin Youthbon, not to be afraid or hesitate to get a fair trial on the threat of Koh Tympan. At the same time, the FKJGP Southern Riwar Zone (Shella Area) through this statement said that the FKJGP Southern Riwar Zone (Shella Area) will stand firm on the basis of justice and righteousness. inform and remind all the members of the Seng that there will be a meeting of the Seng at the meeting to discuss the activities of the Seng.
Vanlalmuanpui lodged a complaint with Shillong Sadar PS on the 14th of this month that Lawrence Mark from the UK had informed her employee Rebecca Lalmunmawii through Facebook that he had sent her messages. valuable gifts and foreign currency worth 16,000 pounds.
“(As soon as I got the information I rushed) and I arrived here at 2:00 pm and saw only people gathered and the flames of fire inside the dam.
Once again, the JSU & JYF urges the police to arrest the CEM of JHADC Madon Bai Rymbai immediately and prosecute him according to the law so that the people can get their rights.
On the other hand, the Minister explained in the House what happened in relation to the decision taken by the House at that time. that the Government and the Opposition should meet with the Prime Minister and the President of the country on this issue which the Prime Minister did not do at that time.
Therefore, through this statement, the Union has demanded that the Dorbar Shnong Thangskai and the government authorities including the JHADC, should immediately remove the syrnot of the foreigner.
On the other hand, the police urge the public to inform the police if they see any movement in a suspicious manner.
Referring to the lifting of the ban on coal mining in the state, the Chief Minister said that since the day the government took over, there have been 12 talks with the central government and the work has started to go smoothly. face now.
The RBYF leader said that the RBYF has decided to continue the protests to demand the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP). 14 night curfew was imposed due to the Pomblang Shad Nongkrem festival.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the CEM of KHADC said that the KHADC will continue to target the land dealers and will also talk to the government in this regard.
The French officers were delighted to see this treasure and to walk in the clean air which encouraged them to walk for a while in the midst of the beauty of the country. Mawphlang Sacred Forest and Mawphlang Dam.
Police have recovered the body of the deceased and after completing the necessary procedures according to the rules of law, the body has been handed over to the family members.
This is my view.
Shops not selling essential goods will be closed from 26/4/2021 and government employees will be allowed to come to work only 33%.
Guwahati, June 21: The Press Information Bureau, Guwahati on Tuesday held a webinar on the “Untold Stories of the Freedom Struggle”. Dr. Samudra Gupta Kashyap, a well-known journalist and author, has written a book today.
Carol's journey was even more surprising because there was a Shyngoid in the car, children dressed as Riewstad and other decorations.
UNI PHOTO-1 UShillong, March 21: World leaders today congratulated the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi for delivering the Tika vaccine to 100 crore people. population of India.
These journalists spoke to journalists from Shillong where they discussed their experiences in these two states.
Nearly 10,000 people have received treatment at the hospital.
As a group, they are against the mining of uranium not only in this area but in the whole of Ri Khasi. dark as this road that they don't understand which is hidden.
The HNLC said that the Congress party should take responsibility for what is happening now because it is due to the negligence of the Congress leaders and the government should take responsibility. Nongtraw in your press release.
It may be recalled that the MLA of Mawlai, Bah Process T Sawkmie, had brought up the issue of the Mawlai by-pass road in the House in the last Budget Session. long that the government should speed up this work.
The Best Goalkeeper award went to Moodifield Lyngdoh, the Best Player award went to Filbert Lyngdoh and the Youngest Player award went to Paul Lyngdoh.
The Government will have to strengthen the number of officers, as at present there is only one Chief Commissioner of Persons with Disabilities within the Central Government, but now there will be two Commissioners and members of this Commissioner. The Advisory Committee has been increased to 11 members.
Speakers on the occasion especially Bah Distiar Nongrum who is also the Sordar Shnong of Thynroid Village, Bah Harkin Warjri Secretary Shnong Thynroid urged the villagers to The unity and cooperation of all can achieve many goals whether it is in the eradication of poverty or even in bringing about economic development in many areas.
They claimed that they had come to Shillong for two days and had inspected the shop and in Shillong they were staying at a hotel in Police Bazar.
The activities allowed to resume from 20th June according to the amended guidelines will not apply in the containment zones as recognized by the States, UTs and District Authorities according to the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. of the Central Government.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister said that the rules have been drafted jointly by the state government and the central government. If they are changed now, it will take time. They will start talking to the central government again.
In a statement sent to reporters, he said that his resignation is because the Congress party in the state is not happy as it is now.
Shillong, July 07: The President of the North Eastern Hills University Students' Union (NEHUSU) Rangdajied Marwein, on Tuesday warned the management of the North Eastern Hills University (NEHUSU) not to play in the competition. and the future of students.
Shillong, Nailar 07: The Superintendent of Police (GNLA) in South Garo Hills, Abraham T Sangma, today said that one of the leaders of the GNLA, Baltus N Marak, who joined the GNLA in 2010 he surrendered to the law enforcement authorities.
The register also contains sections that provide clarifications of misconceptions and myths, misconceptions that are spreading on social media, FAQs on important topics and evidence within various sections for all involved in this process.
Shillong, June 03: The BJP North East General Secretary Rituraj Sinha on Tuesday said that the party's task is to fight hard to reach the top and in democracy when the vote is cast. and they accept the decision of the people.
There are 8 M.Phil graduates, 6 degree graduates and 2 degree graduates who did not attend. only.
The SP (City) said that with the assistance of members of the MTFVGA and the KJGVSA, the Special Cell of East Khasi Hills Police conducted a search operation. Three persons were arrested from Mawlai By-Pass Road after they took a truck driver from Lad Smit and forced him to inform the owner through the telephone to pay the money.
There were also other comments.
The Medical Superintendent of Ganesh Das Hospital, Dr N Shylla, told SP News Agency that the child was found on 30th November 2017 and was brought by ambulance
To say that the TMC will form a government would be wrong, they have to look at where they stand.
The BJP President should have followed the example of other countries that although they are brighter and more intelligent but the USA has not been able to protect the Navajo, Australia the Aborigines and Japan the citizens. The Fukushima accident caused radiation from uranium.
Even scientists admit that.
“I encourage all the residents to take this opportunity to discuss their issues/needs face to face with me and those who wish to come and meet me will have to fill up their names on the floor of the DGP office from from 10:00 pm to 11.45 pm,” the DGP said in a statement.
The gang of robbers came with firearms and robbed the truck drivers by shooting them.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today said that the UDP and the Congress party have never talked about this issue during their time in power. Inner Line Permit (ILP).
Police have arrested two persons, Robert R Marak, 33, and Lurshai Rongrin,
The protest was held in the name of the National Federation for New State and will last for two days.
After the arrest, the Narcotic Cell was informed to come to the scene to conduct all the investigation and to test the powders seized for drugs. about every morning.
On the other hand, the Seng has given time to the Government before the Dorbar Tlang to establish a full Civil Sub Division in Mawryngkneng otherwise the Seng and the people will hold a protest against the Government and will start protesting from 3 places. The constituencies are Mawryngkneng, Mawkynrew and Nongkrem.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that if he had not traveled by car from Guwahati to Shillong, he would not have seen the beauty of Umiam, without thinking that the Vice President of India would visit Umiam. today on the way to Shillong.
As an MDC, Nasar Marwein has been appointed as the Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Resource Mobilization.
Eddy Pohtam said that from their inspection of these places where the robbery took place, it can be said that the arrival of the robbers. The robber is through ways that he does not know if he is not led by people who have come and worked with the villagers.
He said that Bah John F Kharshiing has held voluntary positions especially as Chairman of the Executive Committee and also as the Working President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association in Sports.
PrasarBharati has dismantled its analog terrestrial transmitters except for 50 transmitters in key areas.
Anyone who violates this order will be punished under the provisions of the Disaster Management Act, 2005 and under the provisions of the IPC.
The people of this state remember him for his willingness to help the people of this state.
For more information, please call 0364-2
Shillong, July 29: The Joint Director of Meghalaya Board of School Education, Bah H Marbaniang, today said that the correction of the examination papers of Class X and Class XII students has been completed. mark.
The staff of the hospital have cleaned the streets around the hospital on the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
According to sources close to the ARPA, the HSPDP candidates for the post of EM are Bah Goodleaderson Nongsiej, Grace M Kharpuri and Morningster Mawsor.
New Delhi, Lber 08: Prime Minister Narendra Modi today delivered a speech at a Post Budget Webinar on Health and Medical Research.
U Bah Sanbor Rapture.
The report was prepared by the NITI Aayog, with the assistance of the World Bank, in consultation with the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Union Government.
Shillong, Nailur 27: The National Level Farmers Consultative Group (NLFCG) will be held in Lucknow on the 30th of this month.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: The Government of Meghalaya, under the leadership of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma, has visited the residence of the Syiem of Jaintiapur in Bangladesh for the first time.
This trip is to teach students to make connections between what is taught in the classroom and what actually exists in the environment.
The construction of Logistics Parks in conjunction with the construction of warehouses, checkpoints, land customs stations, in the implementation of the policy.
The HITO said that they also want to see those issues where the Indian government does not accept the IOA as the minister said. assistance from UNPO to achieve our rights.
The Additional Deputy Commissioner and CEO DDMA, East Khasi Hills District has advised the public to be vigilant to avoid any tragic incident.
The Women Wing was also established on the same day with Jingle Queen Buam as President, Lasuk Ronsang as Vice President, Sanita Rapthap as General Secretary and three other office bearers. establish.
The Minister said that this incident is a shock to the government that they have to continue to fight against the people who come to the state. prevention of COVID-1
He said that this platform will bring about cooperation which will help in the provision of necessary information across the country.
In fact, there is no need for demands from the political parties to increase the state tax so that the people of the state can escape from the suffering, said Thomas Passah.
The group will continue to search in the coming days until the CM has implemented the ILP in Meghalaya.
The Union has expressed its opposition to the Vice Chancellor's decision to discuss and arrange for each teacher who will retire in April
It is on this basis that the union demands from the Meghalaya government to implement the proclamation No.TAD/R/31/50/ 149 dated 13th June 1951 of the Governor of Assam at that time to bring back the The petition was signed by the President of the party, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani.
In the petition, the NSUI said that during this time of pandemic, the people are in great distress, some have not even received food and life will be as usual.
The event, held at the Water Sports Complex near Orchid Resort, promises a thrilling display featuring theand other IAF aircraft.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Disparsing said that the reason for the pollution of the water well in Mawiong is that during the rainy season, the water from the canals, factories and other sources causes the flows into the garbage dump and when it is full it flows back into the river and the garbage flows into the river.
The meeting was attended by Additional Chief Secretary KN Kumar, Commissioner and Secretary to the Ministry of Agriculture Sampath Kumar. MN Nampui, in the presence of officials of the Government of Meghalaya.
He said that the main initiative of the Bureau of Outreach and Communication is to inform the society about the objectives and goals of the government in the country which is to reach the last person.
The Petroleum Primary Unit, President Runjit Pumah, Gen Secretary Amsong and 21 members.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Additional Superintendent of Police, South West Khasi Hills, said that the fire broke out in Umjarian village. Police are investigating into the incident for another reason.
New Delhi Lber 10: The Minister of State for Minority Affairs of India in her reply to Parliament today said that Meghalaya and other states of the North East India has not yet established Forest Rights Committees. The minority hill tribes of India have been recognized as forest dwellers under the Recognition of Forest Rights Act. 2006" does not mention the existence of a law on the ownership of forests by the State Governments.
Other speakers at the meeting were Gavin M. Mylliem, MLA Sohra, Balajied K. Synrem, MLA Shella. , and abh.
The schools are located in Rangthong Govt.
Shillong, Iaiong 25: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today demanded an inquiry into the sudden outbreak of tuberculosis among the residents of Shella and other neighboring villages. In this regard, the HYC and the Shella Area Unit have submitted a memorandum to the District Medical and Health Officer (DM&HO). ), East Khasi Hills has nothing to do with it.
The KHADC has also decided to issue a notification similar to the order of the Hima Mylliem and this will apply to all the markets within the boundary of the District Council so that there will be no more kilo cut. in any market.
However, now prayers and intercessions through prayers for the poor may be prohibited and punished by this law.
The train will leave Jaipur on the 26th of this month. How many passengers will arrive is not yet known as the registration is ongoing. have.
Guwahati, July 28: The residents of Guwahati have rejected the Assam Gana Parishad (AGP) in the last election to the Guwahati Municipal Corporation.
The District School Education Officer through a notification DSEO/circular H/2018/20180 dated 21st November 2018 has directed the school authorities to withhold the results of the students. .
Shillong, November 10: The Prebyterian Church (SELD) has organized a meeting to discuss the issues faced by the youth of the area. Urlong Tea IVSC Ltd Mawlyngot has conducted a training for unemployed youth on how to make chemical-free fertilizer for jhur and soh cultivation. Block Manager.
He said that there are nine areas where they have to cut ksainar shiah from outside the villages where they have to get the approval of the BGB as this is too close to the border with Bangladesh.
The construction includes four cottages, one open terrace restaurant, landscaping etc., constructed at a total cost of One crore fifty-one lakh.
Shillong, Nailar 25: There are 11 new cases of COVID-19 in East Jaintia Hills, 1 in East Khasi Hills, 1 in Eastern West Khasi Hills and 1 in South Garo Hills. West Garo Hills 3, West Jaintia Hills 2 cases.
Shillong, March 21: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the government has held a meeting to discuss the COVID-19 pandemic. protect the people from this disease and at the same time that the people should not face any problems.
During his visit to Zydus Biotech Park in Ahmedabad, Prime Minister Duh said, “I visited Zydus Biotech Park in Ahmedabad to learn more about India's DNA vaccines manufactured by Zydus Cadila.
The President, Bah John F Kharshiing, congratulated the officials of 58 GTC for opening the way to hold the short range championship at Madanryting.
Shanborlang Wartde, OFM on November 29, 2019 at St. Francis Xavier Parish Nongkhlaw, Nongstoin Diocese will be held at Tirot Singh Memorial Playground, Nongkhlaw. at 9.30 pm and there will be a Cultural Program in the afternoon.
Answering questions on the shooting, he said that he had gone to the Rangbah Shnong to ask for a syrnot for his son to join the army but he was not given it. and how.
With this announcement, Mawlai will have its own Block, and another Block will cover the areas of Nongthymmai Constituency, Pynthorumkhrah Constituency and Mawlai Constituency. Mawryngkneng Constituency.
The reception was held in the courtyard of the town hall.
The union cannot help but praise the city of Mairang, which in these days has implemented a law not to recognize foreigners within the boundary of the village and that the villagers are not allowed to allow He also reminded that the city has also warned young women and women not to marry foreigners, otherwise the village authorities will not recognize them. “If they marry foreigners, they will be treated as villagers,” said Ban.
In the North East of India, most of the cases of this disease are due to drug abuse.
He said the Meghalaya government has implemented the Biodiversity Act,
The funeral service will be held tomorrow, 05/04/2018, at 02 pm at the Catholic Church, Mawpat.
He said that so far the party has received three applications and those that will arrive today may be two more. The meeting will be held tomorrow morning to decide whom the party will nominate as the MLA candidate in the 53-Ampati Constituency.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh MLA of Mawkynrew, who won the MLA election from the PDF, said, “I don't feel like holding two posts. EM of KHADC on 5 October
Those who walked and stood said that whether MeECL will wait until the end of the day they will surprise the people, do they not have the knowledge that many punpur ksainar light trees have been destroyed and put in danger especially during this rainy season. do not beat the lyer.
The 54 children who received treatment are 12 from East Khasi Hills, 14 from West Khasi Hills, 10 from South West Khasi Hills, 8 from Ribhoi and 10 from East and West Jaintia Hills.
He said that the implementation of these schemes should be clear for the benefit of the people in the areas where they are implemented.
The suspect was arrested by the police in Chokpot.
P.C.is a decision and the Court cannot continue to change the decision, but, if not signed, the Court is empowered to change the opinion.
He said that the meeting will be held in the afternoon if the two sides agree.
Therefore, if it is in this way of service of this department, how can the people get assistance in the most necessary matters?
He said that there are 100 school buildings under construction which will be opened in November 2022 and July 2023, and the government has prepared in such a way that it cannot be completed. the construction of 200 school buildings in the first phase.
The BSF said that the fight against COVID-19 is not over to ensure that the disease does not spread in the state in the villages on the border with Bangladesh in the state. Meghalaya.
Shillong, Lber 16: The National Women Commission (NCW) today held a meeting of all the State Women Commissions of the North East in Shillong.
You can join me, listen to my talks and more at your leisure.
We don't know where the money comes from, but we want a good road.
The HITO's decision to delete the article is not because they are doing something illegal but because they are doing what the Meghalaya government has already changed.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong today informed that from next month, oxygen will be produced at the Shillong Civil Hospital from seven oxygen generators.
The State Bank can be one of the most prominent banks in the world and they have a lot of things to do. recommendations so that government recognized banks can compete with private banks.
Samla Skhembor Nongrum, SSS Mawkyrwat and Samla Commander Lyngkhoi, SSS Mawlangwir also performed songs.
This also leads to a sustainable level of production that can support not only manure farming but also chemical farming.
The Deputy Chief Minister said that there will also be seven working groups and these working groups will work on their duties as directed and will submit their report to the Executive Committee and from the Executive Committee it will be submitted. to the cabinet for approval.
In a statement sent to the media, the Superintendent of Police (SP) East Khasi Hills, Rituraj Ravi, said that the police received a tip on Tuesday that Bah Sorgy Lyngdoh was involved in the murder. Distribute the letter of demand for money to the Shillong Police Station.
The residents are requested to go to room 14 at the DC's office in Khliehriat and also for those in Khliehriat and Saipung Block to get their Aadahar photographs.
Shillong, Naiwieng 09: A group of students from the North East under the banner of NESU today staged a sit-in protest in all the capitals of the North Eastern States. India for the lack of action by the Central Government to bring peace in Manipur.
The Chief Minister said that the government wants to have lasting peace in the state. He said that 45 days ago they had discussed this issue with the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government. The HNLC should not send another letter without any restrictions.
Regarding the Meghalaya Safety and Security Act, 2016 and the Meghalaya Safety and Security Rule, 2017, the union will not accept this because it is an incomplete law. It is ready to cooperate with the government if anyone can resolve this issue as this Act passed by the government also includes the villagers.
“At present, our community has been filled with violence against other communities, if we look at Block 1, Langpih, Sabuda and even the Bangladesh border areas,” said Donald Thabah.
KSU Nongkrem wishes that this Shad Pomblang together with the Lehniam and the rules will bring us all a healthy body, to be well in all aspects from the spiritual wealth. KSU Nongkrem Circle President Kheiñkor Kharngi said in a statement.
Narendra Modi can worship God as a Hindu but he should not use his power as Prime Minister to promote Hinduism and to insult other religions especially Christianity .
The total number of cases is 2419. The highest number of cases are in East Khasi Hills with 1342 cases, Ri Bhoi with 176 cases, West Garo Hills with 475 cases, West Jaintia Hills with 78 cases and South West with the highest number of cases. Garo Hills 73 people.
The public hearing will be held at the office of the Deputy Commissioner Nongstoin.
Danolashem Kharsohnoh, Emirilda Thabah, Larisa Janong, Jefferson L. Thabah, Misha Thabah, Melabakyrpang Imbanijker Nongbrinhuang, Abrinhuang happy Khartoum.
The meeting was conducted by Bah DL Nongspung.
Regarding the sale of light equipment in the market, the government will issue government announcements in the next few days to allow the sale of only those equipment which have been approved by the central government. The Cabinet meeting of the State Government today.
These bulbs will last up to 5000 hours.
The results of this tournament were in the Men's Freestyle Wrestling (79 Kg) Tenjrang Ch.
The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Titostarwell Chyne said that the Executive Committee of the Council will send a letter to the DTO. Hills District to cancel the Driving Licenses of foreign drivers who drive commercial vehicles and those who drive commercial vehicles without Trading License and Labor License from the District Council.
In 2022, it exceeded pre-pandemic trends, with a growth rate of nearly 28%.
Inaugurating the hotel, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that it is an honor for the state to celebrate its 50th anniversary. world in the state.
The union has seen that many indigenous people are also living in this area due to unemployment.
Ardent said why do they want to talk only about these two Hima, and why does the opposition oppose as soon as the bill of Bhowal Hima is passed? However, the EC has not acted according to the rules of law.
“There have been discussions and I have not yet given a word and especially now I have no intention of contesting any election and the question of joining the UDP or any party has not arisen,” he added.
In his speech, Samuel M.Sangma, mentioned the development works that have come to the district in the last 25 years and at the same time expressed his concern for the deterioration of the district. NH-62, but he said that now the company JICA will build this road, he said he hopes that development works will be successful in this village and the backward area.
The union is surprised that this office has not followed the guidelines of the CM to implement the scheme.
He said that any buyers who violate this order of the Hima, will be punished according to the law.
It was also proposed to introduce a Viability Gap funding window for the construction of hospitals in PPP mode.
A law passed by the House of Representatives is not strong enough, it must be sent back to the House for consideration.
“Following the request of the HPC, we have decided to give them another month to meet and talk to the families and on July 7, we will meet again and take a final decision.
Those who have seen the moon and the sun before the present generation.
Regarding the search for shops without license, the officers of the Enforcement Department have closed down the shops and the vendors have been ordered to provide the necessary documents. you're right.
Due to the scale and scope of this initiative, it is expected that the North East Entrepreneurship Development Program will be of great help in bringing in new local entrepreneurs and strengthening local entrepreneurship in the region.
Shillong, Lber 24: BJP spokesperson Basu Chakraborty has lodged a complaint with the police against unidentified persons for creating fake email IDs in the name of the party.
Shillong, July 09: The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat, on Tuesday announced that all government offices in the district will be closed on the 11th of this month. The 'Nul Ding Kut Festival' was held at Saipung Village in East Jaintia Hills District.
In his speech, the Principal of the Vidyalaya, M.Sreenivasa Rao informed the parents and those who attended the day that the purpose of this day is to bring about a change in education and thinking. world to students.
Mukhla Wahiajer : Hermon Phawa (INC), Raymond Suna (IND), Sunday Morning Suna (IND) and Kyrpad Shylla (IND). Celius Biam (INC) and Shemhok Garod (UDP) From 8 Nartiang-Umladang, Thombor Shiwat (INC) ), Moina Singh Phyllut (NCP) and Headerson Symblai (HSPDP) From 9 candidates: Bijoy Niang (INC), HB Dann (HSPDP), Rivibal Swer (IND), Lio Syntem (IND) ) and Suklang Shylla (IND) From 10th Mynsngat-Khanduli: Pheinshwa Langlein (INC), Romeo Ksoo (UDP) and Nirson Sympli (IND).
Shillong, Lber 09: The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi today launched various schemes in the North East at Itanager in Arunachal Pradesh. in India.
Many of the occupants of the Sumo were injured in the collision between a truck and a Sumo at Lumsih Lama in Bhoirymbong. The injured were Aioda Kurbah, 15, Aidalang. The 13-year-old was taken to Bhoirymbong CHC, while Aioda Kurbah, who was seriously injured, was taken to NEIGRIHMS, Shillong.
These people have sent letters without a public meeting in their villages and not only that but they have also misused the seals of their villages without the consent or knowledge of the people.
The theme of the campaign is 'North East United Against HIV/AIDS'. The campaign will be held by MSACS at the Lariti Center for Performing Arts, Shillong on 28th February
If you want to get a license, you have to register yourself with the SMB. This office has done this in accordance with the order of the Hon'ble High Court.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, SC Sadhu today issued a statement warning against the REMAL cyclone which will hit the East Khasi Hills District. On 28/5/2024 all schools in the District will be closed tomorrow.
From 2007 to 2003 he studied at Oriental Theological College, Shillong and from 2007 to 2010 he went to Rome to study and received his Licentiate degree in Missiology from the Pontifical Urban University.
On the other hand, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, Chairman of CoMSO, urged the people of the state not to lose hope and to see whether the government will implement the Jaidbynriew Protection Act as promised at this meeting. today with the Minister of Home Affairs, James K Sangma.
Police on Tuesday night raided two houses in the area of ​​Rngijynriew, Madanrting and arrested two persons who found in their bodies Drugs are not known as Heroin.
At the same time, he said that the return of Rahul Gandhi as MP to the Lok Sabha will strengthen the Congress party and encourage the people of India. .
If the government does this, can the people trust the government?” said Bah Dkhar.
Understanding the importance of nurturing budding talent, the Gymnastic Association sought the expertise of a seasoned coach from Assam.
President of AITC Meghalaya Unit, Bah Fernandez S Dkhar, accompanied the distribution of foodgrains.
On the other hand, the union demands that the management of the Rural Bank should not appoint people from the same state as most of the branches of the Rural Bank are in the country. If you don't understand the language, it's difficult.
Shillong, Naitung 24: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) in a statement once again wants to inform the indigenous people of Bri U Hynniewtrep about the threat of the National Register of Citizens (NRC). ) of Assam.
Shillong, November 19: Nineteen civil society organizations from across Ri Khasi Jaintia today held a public meeting at Motphran to protest against the Corruption Act introduced by the government in the current dorbar tlang. The Lokayukta Act has been passed.
Children should not be exposed to the sun from 12 noon to 3 pm. Children should not leave the house and avoid exposure to the sun.
On the second day of this month, the police raided the house of the suspect and during the investigation, he confessed that he was involved in the theft and said that he had sold the gold sati. auction to a Bania in Mairang.
Others who were present on the occasion were EM of KHADC, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Bah Jason Mawlong, MLA, Umsning, Balajied Ranee, MDC, Nongpoh Town Committee, CB Syiem, Chairman, Nongpoh Town Committee. RM Kurbah of Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, Nailar 10: The NEHU has lodged a complaint with the District Administration of East Khasi Hills District against the day laborers who staged an untimely strike under the banner of the All NEHU Workers Union. The protest in front of the Vice Chancellor's office has been going on for almost two months.
Don't try to fight against the land issue as they haven't fought against the land issue in Garo Hills and they will have to take action against them for this action.
Regarding the entry of people during the curfew, the government has directed all Superintendents of Police and Deputy Commissioners to ensure that people should not enter without permission from the District Administration.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: Former MLA VM Singh and former MP Raju Shetti of Uttar Pradesh today met the Governor of Meghalaya at Raj Bhavan Shillong. and in this meeting they discussed the issues related to the farmers.
The purpose of this state level workshop is to provide training and those who receive this training will teach others and if they make mistakes you mute was wrong.
Mairang, March 08: The Holy Cross Health Centre, Mairang today celebrated its 25th Anniversary at a function in the presence of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James PK Sangma. He was the chief guest in the presence of Principal Secretary, Health Department, Sampath Kumar.
Speaking to reporters, Justin Kharbuki, General Secretary of HPF Ri Bhoi District, said that the Irrigation Department should punish the offices involved in the construction of the Irrigation Dam in the village. Umtangling which was paid after the construction of this dam.
During this Yatra, the Government will visit all the villages of the country in mission mode and will ensure that all those in need will get the benefits of Government schemes, he said.
: The All India Garo Union (AIGU) has sent its recommendation on the Reservation Policy to the Expert Committee to improve the status quo.
The party also urges all the 35 Khasi MLAs to speak out on the issue of including the Khasi language in the 8th Schedule.
Shillong, Naitung 02: The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday said that after the release of the National Registration of Citizens (NRC) in Assam, he has ordered all the people in the district to register. that they should be vigilant against the intrusion of outsiders.
The State Government has taken a major step forward by laying the foundation stone for three major projects, the New Shillong Water Supply Scheme, the Land Reclamation Project at Marten. , Mawlai and the construction of internal roads within the New Shillong Township Land in Mawkhanu and Mawpdang.
Shillong, Lber 29: U Conrad K Sangma, President of the National People's Party (NPP) and Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today campaigned for the election of Dipul Marak as CEM of GHADC from Rochonpara.
He said that the construction of this top water tank is for the purpose of distributing water at the Synod service to be held in Umthlong. The synod will be held in
Furthermore, it is necessary in these Acts and Rules to contain detailed rules on how to conduct the Dorbar and that the children of the thousands shall have the opportunity to send resolutions, questions and issues. discussion 40 days before the Dorbar either through the Kur Dorbar, Shnong Dorbar or Raid Dorbar within the Dorbar as within the Assembly, District Council or Parliament. Mylliem Hima to prepare for the next Hima Dorbar.
Jowai, Naitung 13: The annual Behdeinkhlam festival of the Sein Raij Jowai has been held every year this year. The ceremony started on the 11th and ended on the 13th of this month by laying the Rods at Aitnar, amidst the peaceful atmosphere.
On the other hand, the IPRY is ready to serve the people of Meghalaya and to do so requires the cooperation of the government.
The IG BSF said that the BSF will be able to provide employment opportunities to the people of the area supporting government authorities whenever necessary, especially in the field of health.
Shillong, July 19: The Youth Wing of the Church of God has celebrated its 25th Anniversary on this day. Thousands of people from all over Khasi Jaintia and Assam held this service at Madan Student Jaiaw to express their faith in the Lord Jesus.
The two policemen have been arrested for further investigation and will be produced in court tomorrow.
This has not only affected the government but has also disrupted the work of the party because as a group they always discuss issues within the Coordination Committee where all the parties are present. The allegations are one thing in democracy, but there must be evidence when making allegations, the question is whether the leaders He said that the party leadership is aware of these allegations by the State BJP leaders. If they are the leaders, they should also consult with the MLAs elected by the people.
On the other hand, Bah Nari also explained many schemes in which the people have received a thorough explanation in many areas regarding the schemes of the WR department. Shillong, Naiwieng 15: Ki Parents of private school students in Shillong on Tuesday held a meeting at the Malki Sports Club Ground in Malki to discuss with the reflect on many of the challenges they face in these days.
“For this reason, they have been detained and the party will take other measures if the government continues to act on this issue,” said the Working President of KHNAM, Bah Thomas Passah.
He said that this task has been appointed to the Executive Member in charge of the Education Department of the council with the assistance of the State Government.
Shillong, July 15: The Election Committee of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has appointed the CEC to conduct the 13th election to the KSU office for the term 2017-2 The election will be held on the 11th June, 2017 from 8 am to 3 pm at Dinam Hall, Jaiaw, Shillong.
In the fiscal year 2016-2017, the NEC has allocated T.100 crore to all the states with a difference here and there but there has been no difference and Meghalaya has received T.120 crore this year.
Shillong, Lber, 04: The Khasi National Awakening Day (KSU) today once again held a march to the Khasi National Awakening Day. Mawlai Polytechnic and ended at Jaiaw Lum.
The park has been fully funded by the state government at a cost of T.15.73 crore which includes a Mustard Processing Unit, Cashew Processing Unit, Hi-Tech Food Lab, Ginger Processing Unit, Solar Power Plant and 25 Cold Rooms. Storage Unit.
Shillong, March 26: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) today opened another office at Ummulong, West Jaintia Hills District.
“If we now buy electricity at T.2 to T.6 due to high demand, the price will reach T.8-9 when we know that the price of the project will allow us to buy electricity. at T.Rs 8 which is already unreasonable," he said.
To have a policy on the mining of mineral resources in the State in accordance with the rules of law.
However, our ancestors used to say that the Khariong (Delhi government) were more cunning than the Khari Lieh).
The only thing waiting for the inauguration of the new government is this announcement by the Election Commission of India.
The PWD has worked hard and in the middle of the night, vehicles have been allowed to pass through this road.
Speaking to reporters, Witting Mawsor, Joint Secretary of the HSPDP, said that this decision was taken by the party in accordance with the rules and regulations of the party.
Shillong, Nailar 06: KHNAM State Youth Wing together with KHNAM Mawlai Circle on 05-08-17 at Mawlai Basic School to discuss the issues of these ASHA workers. the health of the people.
Bless President of HNYF Shillong City said that as the names have appeared, there are other names which use the name of the HNLC. At the same time, the police will provide protection to Bah Synshar so that there will be no danger from those who have taken and used his name.
The HSPDP wants the ethnic parties to lead the government in collaboration with the national parties. The goal of the HSPDP is that the ethnic parties should come to the front to lead the government. the land, the customs, the rights of the people.
He said that during the dorbar, there were also residents who touched his mother's hand but with the protection of the members of the Village Defense Party (VDP), Kong Meloris escaped. the village was bombed.
Here we have a bad road and many problems in many areas,” said Balawan Suchiang.
On the other hand, the General Secretary of the party, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, said that due to the mismanagement of the ruling Congress party on the demands of the party especially the ILP, the The party has decided to launch the Clean Congress Campaign
The Third Gender said that she had left Shillong to represent the Third Gender but as she was still applying for her name to be included as a Third Gender voter in the Electoral Roll, she had to cast her vote in the Third Gender Voter. polling station for men.
The District Administration has stepped up its patrolling by deploying police around Shillong to ensure that criminals do not get the opportunity to take advantage of the city. like this day.
Shillong, Lber 10: U Samla E Umsong President of KSU Mawkynew on Tuesday said that the KSU Mawkynew strongly condemns the incident ha Lad Mawlang where one of the souls of a paradoh parasam was lost in a bomb blast by the people at Lad Mawlang. 8/03/2020.
On the 25th, after the services, the Christians greeted their friends and family members with the words “Merry Christmas to you”.
Police have registered a case under Section 376 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).
“If the Assam vehicles are closed, the Khyndai Lad will be closed,” said Bah Suting.
He said that funds have been received for the Shillong Western By-Pass, the road from Mawphlang to Ranikor and Baghmara, then from Nongstoin to Rambrai and Kyrshai. villages in collaboration with all three, the people, the District Councils and the people.
MSDE has recognized that skill development is critical to the advancement of AVGC businesses and stands committed to taking the necessary steps to provide opportunities for skill development.
After the meeting with the MPSC officials, Auguster Jyrwa General Secretary of the MPSC said that the party will stop such activities as this will affect the people of Meghalaya.
“I have already spoken to Bah Ernest Mawrie (and asked him) if he can withdraw the decision so that we can work together,” he said. the decision of the party leadership.
Shillong, Naitung 26: The Meghalaya Police Department today sent a letter to all the Director Generals of Police of all the States and Union Territories of India to arrest Bernard N Marak.
The KHADC has scheduled a meeting in Nongpoh on 8th November 2021, where they will meet with the Chief Executive Members of Ri Bhoi District regarding the border dispute with Assam and on 12th November In 2021 there will be another meeting from Nongstoin and after that they will prepare the documents and after that they will meet with the state government.
The team will visit the Dawki area of ​​West Jaintia Hills District and the Baghmara area of ​​South Garo Hills District.
Robert J Kharjahrin, leader of JACSO, said that as a group, they will continue to oppose this road. and to provide roads to the villages of this area without uranium.
Speaking to media, Kong Bity Jyrwa, President of HANM Women Wings, said, “The people have received notices from the government on 12.03.2014 and all shopkeepers should comply with the This registration within 20 days and this time limit of the government is too short.
“The youth expressed to me, not only our discouragement but they showed unity and discipline that they are ready to come out in discipline.
Therefore, as part of spreading this news, the union will broadcast the documentary through various cable operators.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: The 118th Anniversary of the Seng Year 2017 has been celebrated to commemorate the 11 elders who took the decision to preserve their own. The customs and traditions of the Khasi people have been influenced by the customs of foreigners.
Shillong, Nailar 26: Union Minister of State for Textiles Smriti Zubin Irani today inspected the construction of the National Institute of Fashion Technology. In the presence of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma.
At this commemoration ceremony, 10 students who passed well in various grades were also honored and blankets were distributed to the poor families in the village.
Police are investigating the incident.
Jansing Tynsong of Langkyrdem, Kestar Warjri of Mawphlang-Diengiei, Sherbor Mawlong of Sohiong, Rudy Shangpliang of Congress Mawsynram, Holliwell Khongstit of NPP Pynurla, Teibor Pathaw of Mawlai and Bah Lamphrang Blah of the Congress.
Christina said that she has lost her household and property and agricultural products inside the house in this incident.
Speaking to reporters, the president of the party said that they have taken this decision because the government has not done anything on the demand of the party which ended on 30/10/2022 to pass a law to 80% of the state residents.
The four expenditure observers of the MLA candidates are Mallikarjun Utture – 8837437507, Rajesh Kumar Dhanesta – 8837445867, Jayshankar Prakash Upadhyay – i am prabhakar anvekar – 7005919424.
“The money was released from the Director's office yesterday and the money has now reached the DSEO East Khasi Hills office,” said JACATAM Publicity Secretary Babu Kular Khongjirem. Death Cum Retirement Gratuity (DCRG) has not been received for several years now.
Speaking to reporters after leaving Sohra Police Station, Najiar said, “We are holding a meeting (against the) Citizenship Amendment Act, after the passage of the Rule. of the CAA, the members left the area (Ichamati) and returned.
The SP's statement that he has accused the members of the party who have just been granted bail is unfounded and just to criticize the party who is looking after the welfare of the party. of the Khasi people.
The BJP in Meghalaya has worked with the NPP-led MDA government in which the BJP has two MLAs and one in the Cabinet.
In his speech, the Chief Minister said that it is sad to see that this village after 45 years of independence is still receiving schools. It is the responsibility of the Central Government and the State Government to ensure that every village should have its own school.
The child is currently in the care of the Child Welfare Committee Shillong.
A total of 121 schools from across the state have participated.
The tree planting ceremony was also attended by the family members and wives of the BSF personnel. The BSF will continue to hold more such meetings in the coming days as a day of resistance. Shillong, July 03: The Institute of Bioresources and Sustainable Development (IBSD) has completed the construction of a new building to fight against drug abuse and prostitution. The Orchidarium has been built in Upper Shullong to produce a wide variety of modern flowers.
The Government is fighting as hard as it can to ensure that the people from the rural areas do not have to move to the urban areas.
Phastmoon Dkhar (Private Party),7
Shillong, Nailur 19: All the Khasi Jaintia Garo MLAs including two MPs should leave for Delhi to demand before Parliament to include the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution.
Further investigation revealed that they had hidden the drugs inside the Farm House at Lumkeni, Umran.
Once again, he congratulated the Seng Ki vendors.
Rocky said that this donation was donated by the Rangbah Shnong himself who was present at the distribution of food items to the needy residents.
As the union that parks buses in this area, they are against and will not allow this shop to park in this area. In fact, the government should have increased the number of parking spaces.
TRAU-FC, which played with only 40 players from the start of the tournament, continued to win and remained in the bottom position, 13th in the table with only 10 points from 7 games.
During these four days from the 21st until today, Hindu devotees have completed their rituals with devotion and have visited the Pandals from one place to another. you bag you kmnen.
Shillong, Lber 04: The National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP) Prestone Tynsong has strongly condemned the robbery at the office of Meda Infrastructure Pvt Limited, Laitumkhrah. he was blessed.
Speaking to media, Bah Purningstar Shabong, Chairman of the JAC, said that the election of the new Lyngdoh of the Hima Sohiong should be by the children of the thousands. The Hima Sohiong no longer has the Saw Lyngdoh as it used to be in the past.
Shillong, July 12: Prof. Sunil Babu Rao Kulkarni, Director, Central Institute of Hindi, Agra today met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan at Raj Bhavan Shillong on his visit to the Central Institute of Hindi, Agra. state to be aware of the implementation of Hindi.
Compound Women team  Lovely Professional University represented by  Sunainadevi, B Manasa Nayana, Krati Swami, and Khushboo won a gold medal, where was Guru Nanak Dev University represented by Kiran, Somanshi , Medatwal, Khusi Sharma  and Anjali won a silver medal.
The invitation to the world leaders especially to neighboring countries is that the government led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi should put India at the forefront of having relations with India. neighboring countries, this is the foremost labor policy.
Furthermore, a Muid of Nit Rabon from Umsalait was also killed in the blast.
This act of the exploiters in the name of bill light is illegal and has also affected the livelihoods of the households because for T.100/- they can still buy food from the bill light. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah MH Dkhar, President of AJYWO Central Body in a statement.
The ACHR demanded that the Delhi Police should arrest the killers and punish them according to the law.
In 1951, the United Mikir Hills District was established, and Block I and Block II were separated from the Jowai Civil Subdivision and merged with Mikir Hills by order of the Governor of Assam, No.TAD/ R/31/50/149, dated 13th April, 1951.
This combination of education, health and sports will bring about change in the state.
Shillong, Iaiong 22: The meeting was conducted by the Social Secretary of the JSU Samla Nevercare Passah and all the leaders of the JSU from all the circles across the Jaintia Hills including the President of the Jaintia Hills District. Livingson Sama, General Secretary of Jowai Circle and Wansalan Patwet.
Shillong, March 15: The District Coordinator SSA of East Khasi Hills District has held a meeting at Pongtung village with the aim of encouraging those up to 18 years of age to go to school.
The parties that received the letter are Indian National Congress, National Congress Party, National People's Party, United Democratic Party, People's Democratic Front, Hills State people Democratic Party, Khun Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement, All India Trinamool Congress and Bharatiya. People's Party.
The HFU also demanded that Conrad should protect the farmers who farm on the border especially with Assam against the damage to their crops by the Assam police.
He urged them to continue this as the children and youth of the country respect the athletes.
: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) through its Education Cell on Thursday lodged a letter with the Director of School Education and Literacy (SEL) Swapnil Tembe and the Director of Educational Research. The destruction of the Residential School and the Block Institute of Teachers Education (BITE) built by the Education Department at Byndihati, East Jaintia Hills District.
Employees of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government authorities, District authorities have dedicated themselves to do this work to prevent the spread of the disease. the family, the community, and the state as a whole.
This happened on Tuesday at about 1:00 pm.
The entry of people into the State should be considered from all angles, especially the transportation of patients to NEIGRIHMS from all over the North East especially when they arrive at NEIGRIHMS every morning at 5.00 pm. You must not be allowed to travel by bus, you must not be allowed to travel by ambulance and you must not be allowed to enter the State. Coronavirus, while you are still infected with Cornavirus.
Dr Mawthoh said the party will announce soon.
It takes many years for information on proteins to kill bacteria to spread.
During the meeting, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Dkhar informed the union that the time has come to recognize the kurs by law. has taken care of this part because it is very important.
“Behind come many people we cannot describe, half going inside and half standing outside.
He said that those who were present at the GNLA residence were also members of the GNLA from Assam. There was also a shootout with the police at the time of the raid.
Shillong, Lber 22: U Bah TR Laloo, Controller of Examinations, Meghalaya Board of School Education, today announced that according to the directive of the Ministry of Education, the remaining examinations have been postponed until and announced something else.
Shillong, Naitung 27: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) today launched a campaign around Iongkhubli village in Ri Bhoi District to show that this land belongs to Meghalaya.
The BGB delegation from Bangladesh was welcomed by the BSF chiefs at the ICP in Dawki and was taken to Umpling, Shillong to attend the three-day meeting.
All 2500 government schools have received funds to build new school buildings or to complete the repair of those that have been destroyed, he added.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) together with the students who passed the National Eligibility Cum Entrance Test (NEET) Examination held on 5th June 2024 at St Mary Mazzarello Girls. Hr Sec Schools today came to demand from Rakkam Sangma, Minister in charge of Education, that he should take action against the examination and hold another one.
According to a statement sent by the BJP after the meeting, it said that even if the central government has decided not to implement the CAA in the Sixth Schedule areas, this will not affect the situation. the claim of the statesmen.
When asked whether he would speak to the media about the visit after meeting with the ADCs and civil society, PSC Chairman Anand Sharma said that This cannot be said to the media.
The purpose of this training is to enable these educated youths to know how to join the army either in the central government or in the government police. state.
On the other hand, the CEO in charge of the MHIS-IV scheme said, “The people should not be misled, the registration process is not going on for the people across Meghalaya”.
You can also file a complaint with the Police.
He said that if there is no freedom of movement or forgiveness how can we have the freedom to talk to the government.
“We strongly condemn any foreign and domestic authorities who use force against the indigenous people and we demand that the police should arrest all those authorities. foreigners and foreigners involved in the bombing and beating of the KHADC Enforcement Police, journalists and passers-by.
The Madras High Court has adjourned the case until the first quarter of next year.
Shillong, Nailur 24: AICC Secretary Zenith Sangma today said that the Farm Bill introduced by the BJP government in Parliament in the coming session will affect the farmers of India. This impact cannot be understood now but soon the farmers will understand the problem.
AMPSA does not want schools to use education as a means of income.
He also sought the support of the party to develop the youth of the 19-Shillong South Constituency.
NEHU is a central government university and conducts various examinations. To run smoothly, the KSU demands that full time staff should be appointed, buses should be repaired, buses should be provided with to provide medicines, to provide medicines, to ensure the work of all employees.
Circular No.07/2024 is available here.
When the present house was built 100 years ago, the shangher used to throw a syniang in the form of a shrot in this house.
Cap-Residents of Mawdem village on their way home on Saturday after paying from Iew Patharkhmah.
On this occasion, the Minister expressed her regret over what she said and expressed her regret regarding the statement.
The post of Deputy Chief Whip of the Government in the Legislative Assembly has become vacant after the appointment of Bah Sanbor Shullai as Minister in the Government. appointment of Bah Pyniaid Singh King.
Regarding the seizure of these firearms, an ejahar has been lodged at Gumaghat and the police have worked hard to find out such crimes. bad to do bad things.
Concluding his speech, Minister Duh said that Parliament will continue to encourage its members to work towards achieving the aspirations of future generations with the cooperation of all Members. of this Legislative Assembly.
If we all are concerned, we will encourage each other if we find those who do not follow the rules, many will understand the importance of how to take care of ourselves. in our house.
Also present at the protest were MDC Bajop Pynprope, women's organizations and many students from the NSUI of the Congress party.
All this is done to bring about a relationship between the police and the people in the fight against terrorism.
In the master class on animation, award-winning Charuvi Agrawal of Charuvi Design Labs will give advice on telling Indian stories using animation and visual effects.
The Railway Department of India has a Divisional Railway Users Consultative Committee (DRUCC) and a Zonal Railway Users Consultative Committee (ZRUCC). talk about job vacancies on railroads.
The Chief Minister launched the Mission Football at one of the public meetings held at Pynursla a few months ago. They don't play football whether it is in the National or International tournament to produce players from this state.
As a wrestler, Ringchi has just started to think about the sport after joining the Wrestling Association of WGHD which has only 23 wrestlers. ten months ago.
Sangma said before the Commission that he is on duty and the statement that he has resigned has surprised him so much that his appearance before the Commission is from the media. .
The Minister said in the House that there are still 250 villages where MeECL has not been able to deliver transformers.
Bappun Sangma, one of the leaders of the FKJGP, said that the FKJGP has already sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner. The letter was lodged on 21st November by the president of the party, Treepon Sangma.
Shillong, Lber 30: U Vincent H Pala MP of 1-Shillong Parliamentary Constituency has sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District to release Rs. and the fight against the COVID-19 virus.
Referring to the opposition to the Citizenship Amendment Bill, it was pleased to clarify that even the Citizenship Act 1955 is in violation of the customs and traditions of the nation.
Police have worked hard even in the midst of the heavy rain but have rushed to the scene to search for those who are still missing in the accident. and a child whom they have not found until now.
Jowai, March 04: After the Central Executive Council of the party held yesterday, Bah MH Dkhar has decided to retire. The AJYWO has elected Bah Reachingson Siangshai as its new President and Bah H. Deolangki Dkhar as its new Secretary General.
In Mawpat, the houses that have been removed from the containment area are the houses of Kristina Kharkongor, Pangsngiat Syiem, Armillian Syiem and Syrpailin Syiem from the Circle. Circle-III in Mawpat.
The family members of the deceased expressed their gratitude to the government for taking the initiative to bring the body to Shillong from the scene of the tragic incident.
He said that as the Hima, we are willing to work with the government, but if the government does not want to work with us, it is not only for them to get income but the most important thing is their health. pray.
“But as I said, whether it will have to be done in the coming days or not depends on the type of case but if you cannot start the conversation we will not be able to reach that goal,” he added.
Shillong, November 05: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek today inaugurated the Government Health Center at Weilyngkut-Nongpur Primary Health Center under the Lyngdoh Sohiong Hima.
The delay in taking the decision is that they have to wait for three months.
The Meghalaya High Court in its judgment on 23/6/2021 has ruled that the distribution of Covid-19 vaccination by force or threat violates the fundamental rules especially if it affects income.
Ksanboklang Kharshiing was elected as President, Sainkupar Ryngsiat as Vice President, Nebarson Tymmenniang as General Secretary and 11 other office bearers. don't be on the executive committee.
Shillong, Nailar 22: The Shillong Cherry Blossom Festival 2021 has been awarded the WOW Awards Asia 2022 for the success of the festival. The award was held in Mumbai this month.
:Over the past 40 years, various Government initiatives such as PM SVANidhi, PM Vishwakarma, and MUDRA Yojanaka have improved job creation, self-employment opportunities and trade in India.
The Prime Minister said that merely putting in place safety measures will not work, but what is needed is to work together among the scientists, teachers, intellectuals as well as doctors, the public. to deal with this problem.
This was announced by Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, Minister of Tourism and other departments while speaking as the Chief Guest at the 183rd death anniversary of Pa'iem Tirot Singh which was held today at Nongkhlaw. .
All the schemes related to the North East are under our supervision, there are more subsidies to benefit the people.
On the other hand, the experts in charge of the recovery of the bodies of the victims are still thinking how to recover the bodies of the victims. cave.
As the Youth Wing, we ask whether the people need help only before the elections. During the elections, it shows that they recognize our State only during these times.
The BSF conducts such treatment from time to time not only in Shillong but also in the villages on the border with Bangladesh.
Laban Bengalee Boy's Higher Secondary School received two categories, Pongkoch Dutta in third place and Imazul Haque Laskar in fifth place.
The meeting was attended by the Minister of Agriculture, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, the Minister of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department, Bah Alexander Laloo Hek, Secretary, Ministry of Agriculture. Isawanda Laloo and farmers from all over the state.
The Samla Rangbah said that the darkness of the clothes or the body has to be washed with water but the darkness of the Jaidbynriew we have to protect the Jaidbynriew and these youth of the Jaidbynriew themselves will take this. you are Rangbah and don't have a decision on yourself.
The number of cases according to the districts is 8 cases from East Garo Hills, 4 cases from East Jaintia Hills, 177 cases from East Khasi Hills, 1 case from Ri Bhoi, 1 case from South Garo Hills and 5 cases from West Khasi Hills.
Shillong, July 19 : U Bah Titos W. Chyne, Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday strongly criticized his fellow MDCs who turned against him.
During the meeting, the Chief of Army Staff briefed the Governor on what they have done with the Army in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KSU) South East Khasi Hills District (KSU) has arrested dumper trucks carrying people at Sohra Rim and When they were sent to inquire about the tarpals, they found that they were Dhar employees.
On this occasion, the Police used a Gypsy vehicle to transport the soil.
And, at such a moment in time, India found a leader in Atal Bihari Vajpayee, who had a good spirit and intelligence.
At the same time, he urged the people to provide special training to these people with disabilities so that they can use their skills so that they can stand on their own. feet.
Likewise, literature should be ensured that it refers to the English word literature, and should not be used widely in the form of literature.
He said the design and development of the project is ongoing.
The Government of India, for its part, will provide vaccines to all States and UTs based on the number of cases and completion rate of vaccination.
Also present on the occasion were an engineer from the Central Shillong Division of PWD and police from Lumdiengjri Police Station.
However, it is shocking and insulting to the feelings of the minorities like Khasi, Jaintia and Garo in the North East and because of the proposal to amend the Citizenship Amendment Bill. 2016, is in conflict with the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement dated 17 Aug 1948, which the Government of India has already signed and approved with the Hima Khasi States under the framework of the Federation of Khasi States, August 1985 All of us the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo minorities have our own customs and traditions to be citizens of every Village, Raid and Hima. Those customs and traditions have not been recognized in the Constitution of India to this day.
Regarding the coal mining, since 2014, it has been said that the coal mines should be closed down and the important thing now is that there should be preparation as said by the experts in charge of the mining. these minerals.
Shillong, November 15: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has denied the allegation that police have arrested six youths for allegedly robbing a truck at Hynniewmer Weight Bridge.
Bah Sohlang said that the party wants this road to be constructed for the benefit of the people of the area. The Rangbah Shnongs of Rangblang area have also attended the meeting with the government.
Shillong, June 22: U Benedic R Marak of the Garo Hills Democratic Congress (GHDC) today won the Chief Executive Member election of the Garo Hills District (GHADC) with 16 votes against. The Congress candidate Sadhia Rani M Sangma won the election with 12 votes.
The construction of the Community Hall was completed with the initiative of Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh MDC Mawkynrew Constituency who received assistance through the Special Assistance Scheme of KHADC amounting to 2.50 lakh tyngka.
The Uttar Purvi Mahotsav 2024 will be held at the Barak Hostel at Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU).
In India, the prevalence of tobacco use is between the ages of 13 and 15 years, 19% for males and 8.3% for females and 14.6% for all.
“This has affected the youth because the examination centers have been set up to send them abroad to deceive them and allow other non-tribals to enter these jobs,” he said. “The Union has found that applicants from Meghalaya have to write examinations outside the state for the jobs filled while the jobs have to work in their own state. “This is not the first time and this has happened many times and the Seng will not allow such incidents to happen again,” he said.
Therefore, the union expresses its concern on this issue and at the same time urges them to look after and take responsibility for their duties.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister urged the State Bank of India to provide staff in the banks to assist the people.
The government's Top Um at the top of the market which supplies water to Mawkhar, Wahthapbroo, Quallapaty, Jaiaw, Umsohsun and also to the market. and this has caused great trouble to the people.
The time limit for the release of proposals during the election period.
Shillong, July 25: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Titosstarwell Chyne today said in the House that the district is deeply saddened by the plight of HANM. farmers who have faced in the fight against COVID-1
The villagers and members of the party waited all night at the site where the Assam police plan to build a Police Outpost at the site.
This is because the laws of India do not recognize the Traditional Dorbar Synshar. We must remember that the order of the Meghalaya High Court has only received a Stay Order from the Supreme Court. only a temporary reprieve.
In another order, the Sub-Divisional Magistrate of Mairang Civil Sub-Division said that one of the patients who went to Wahrit PHC for treatment has tested positive for COVID-1
“Ka seng will seek information through the RTI hop why the NHAI did not build the new road during the construction of the bypass and why the T.3 crore Belley Brigde bridge built by the BRO collapsed. “It's only a few months later, but at the time of appearance, the bridge will last about 10 years,” he added.
She said that the ASHAs are volunteers and receive a salary according to the work they do in each village.
Tourists and visitors include Indians and foreigners.
The areas under the jurisdiction of Lumdiengjri Police Station, Jaiaw, Mawkhar, Umsohsun, Riatsamthiah, Wahingdoh, Mission, Mawprem, Sunny Hill, Cantonment, Mawlong Hat exclude Cantonment House. In the areas on the other side of the Umsherpi Bridge, the curfew has been extended from 5 pm to 9 pm.
New Delhi, Jymmang 06: The Rural Development Department of the Union Government has implemented the Indira Gandhi National Old Age Pension Scheme (IGNOAPS) in which the Union Government pays T.200 per month to those who have reached the age of to 60 years of age and T.500 tyngka to those over 80 years of age.
The Sohra Festival was organized by the office of the SDO (Civil) Sohra to promote and enrich the culture and heritage of the area.
It was explained that this will also apply to other minorities in India.
The Dorbar Kur Warjri will be held on the 12th November, 2023 at Thynroit village.
said the young man.
This delay in paying the bills has caused problems to many poor households as thousands of households have suddenly arrived instead of paying their household expenses but have to pay their bills.
The number of people who have tested positive for COVID-19 in Meghalaya since the beginning of the outbreak has risen to 96512, with 94813 recoveries. , the death toll has risen to
Shillong, November 08: The employees of Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL) under the banner of Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL) today launched an indefinite strike at the head office of the company. in Lachumier.
The Modi government has also increased the monthly allowance of children of the security forces including the police from T.2000 to T.2500 per month.
He won the election in 1972 and served the people of Mawlai until
Shillong, Nailar 03: Police in Mawting village this morning have arrested five persons on charges of robbing Bah Halorsing Kharumnuid.
Parking should be avoided as much as possible in Officer’s quarters unless it is a safe place.
Sabina Parves Warjri, Miss Shillong, will represent Meghalaya in the Miss Shillong pageant and if she wins, she will represent India in the pageant. the Countries of the world.
“We accept the decision of the people and I congratulate Saleng A Sangma and Dr. Ricky Andrew J. Syngkon for their success in this new position.
Shillong, July 30: The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District has announced that all government offices of the Meghalaya government in the district will be closed on the 21st of November. Commissioner on behalf of the Behdeinkhlam at Tuber Kmaishnong, East Jaintia Hills District.
Betasi TV and CSWO have expressed their condolences to the people of Betasi TV and CSWO. They will donate to the families of the victims. sad in Nongthymmai-Neng in Lyniong.
There will be light rainfall in some parts of Meghalaya, but heavy rainfall in Sohra.
Therefore, it is necessary to guide the development of skills, strengthen the work and dedicate one's body and soul for the goal of victory with enthusiasm; and moreover to understand the work of salvation.
We should not be just footsteps in the field of social media, but we need to come forward to do something for the good of the society,” said Samla Marngar.
Shillong, Nailur 04: The Chief Election Officer of Meghalaya, Bah FR Kharkongor, today said that there has been an agreement between the Election Commission of India (ECI) and the Government of Meghalaya regarding the mid-term elections. MLA Constituency in Meghalaya.
The Government has also turned its attention to tourism and the Government will assist in the construction of hotels across the state. To strengthen the infrastructure, T.2,461 crore has been allocated.
Shillong, July 7: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 689 people have recovered from the COVID-19 pandemic. 33160 people.
The conference, entitled 'Telling Our StoriesAsia and More', will be held in two parts: Pre-summit workshop (8th-9th) and Summit (10th-12th).
The Rangbah Shnong and office bearers of Pomlakrai Pyllun together with the VECs after receiving the explanation, agreed to take action to explain to the people on the need for the people to register their names in the MHIS-III. The meeting understood that many households have benefited from the toilet scheme.
Last month, the HFU elected office bearers in two blocks including Bhalaganj Block in Shella and Laitkroh Block in Lyngkot.
At the same time, police have arrested many people involved in the illegal sale of kyiad on that day.
Another vacancy is the post of Border Area Medical Officer. Since the doctor was removed from this post in 2007, the government has not appointed another one.
Shillong, March 9: U Himalaya Shangpliang today spoke to the Director of Health Services (DHS) regarding the increase in the price of COVID-19 tests. This is because the price has increased too much.
On behalf of the Union, we pray that the soul may rest in peace.
Those who oppose are willing to live another hi-fi lifestyle and they are willing,” said Bah Shylla.
Shillong, June 05: The KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit has expressed its gratitude to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Bah FM Doph IAS Deputy for taking the initiative to immediately demolish the illegally built church in the area. Government building in Khliehriat near the statue of Woh Kiang Nangbah, the Hero of the Nation.
Under the UDAN scheme, we have connected cities that are not marked on the national aviation map.
Minister Duh said the Vaccine Task Force was appointed at a time when there were only a few thousand cases of Covid-19 and the pharmaceutical factories were supported by the Government for the trials. funding for research and development of vaccines.
Bah Lyngdoh said he was filled with joy and said that along with 700 people of Jair.
Mr. OT Lyngwa, Divisional Soil and Water Conservation Officer, Mawkyrwat Division, gave a brief speech on this occasion. HS Diengdoh, ADC and Vice Chairman, Basin Development Unit, SWKHD, Mawkyrwat. Chairman, Mawtongtin Water Users Association, Water Users Association (WAU) were also present on the occasion.
The Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan opened the meeting as the chief guest.
Mother is the symbol of kindness and unconditional love.
The KSU also demanded that the new EC of the District Council should not ensure that they do not have the license to operate in one place. place.
During these three days, 12 films selected from all over India were screened and among these 12, three short films made in Khasi were also screened. They are called Pateng, Jyllop and Gray.
In accordance with the Criminal Law (Amendment) Act 2018 and the order of the Supreme Court of India in Suo Moto 1/2019 dated
During the meeting, the Minister said that the Minister had promised to the members of the KSU that he would look into the matter. This is the place where I am not a minister of government.
In fact, Meghalaya was born within the boundaries of the Sixth Scheduled
If this is the case, we will not be able to listen or respect while the investigation will continue and the members and some of the people of the area will be accused.
Following a notice from the IMD, the Executive Director of the State Disaster Management Authority (SDMA), Matsiewdor War (IAS) has convened an emergency meeting to prepare safety measures in the event of a sudden storm. lap bah across the state.
Shillong, March 15: The three-year suspension of Mawsynram MLA and MDC Bah PN Syiem by the Congress party has been ordered by the AICC. Two MDCs who won from the Congress party have accepted the resignation not only of Antonia War and Banteidor Lyngdoh.
The Prime Minister called upon the residents to believe that only meaningful dialogue can solve the problems.
Speaking at a public meeting held at Madan Polo today, the Prime Minister said, “To bring about change, we need to build many roads for easy traffic. Referring to Meghalaya, he said that 80 km of National Highways have already been constructed in Meghalaya and 200 km remains to be constructed at a cost of T.5700 crore.
The Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, has strongly warned the RR Colony Welfare Society that it has no authority to issue No Objection Certificate (NOC) or Residential Certificate to non-residents. Khasi who live in this area.
“So, it’s very important for us to work together to support each other in this transition.
Now he has received T.36,000/-.
The project will improve healthcare infrastructure and strengthen the state's capacity to cope with any future health crisis, including the COVID-19 pandemic. 19.
Expressing the same view, HM Marbaniang General Secretary MSSASA Central Body said that this action of NIOS has affected the 4385 teachers who have been funded by the State Government to send for training at MSSASA Central Body. you can teach through the D.El.
In another incident, police of West Garo Hills have seized a bike and two persons from Monabari. Police have decided to fight against this crime.
On the third day of the containment measure, Shillong has been quiet and only those who go to offices and employees are walking and standing. shi he mih you don't have a shibun eh.
On the other hand, the CoMSO said that the Sixth Schedule and the District Councils are still needed and in fact we need to strengthen them.
The central theme of this meeting was to inform and explain to the public about the intention of the Government. long in other parts of India.
The BSF at Jingkieng Sonapur stopped the two vehicles but they fled the scene. The BSF chased them. The drivers of these vehicles managed to escape. Two cows were seized from each vehicle and handed over to the Umkiang Police Station.
He also addressed the meeting.
They also alleged that these three village leaders, Bah Hos Kharmuti Chairman, Bah SK Nongbri Sordar Village and Bah M Diengdoh Secretary Village, have registered themselves with the Construction Committee. the act is to be complicit in the corruption.
Food security, nutritious food, safe health facilities, clean drinking water and others.
This shows that it is only his personal fear that will affect his constituency of many other ethnic groups or Vote Bank Politics.
According to the current estimates, those who have the disease do not have to go to hospital for treatment and cannot stay at home and the government is ready to treat them if they do not have to go to hospital.
The Chief Minister said that if the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council is empowered, other district councils like Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Councils will also get the same benefits as we are within the same state.
The body of the man was shifted to NEIGHRIMS Hospital, Shillong.
Speaker HBK Lyngdoh said: “One of the organizations that has gone to support the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the 8th Schedule is HANM. in Garo language.
The woman has lodged a complaint against the Rangbah Shnong for being afraid of women and demanded that the authorities should punish him according to the law.
As the party, we cannot just watch and see such incidents happening to our fellow citizens in the land of Hynniewtrep.
However, it is surprising that the Rynjah police want to end the investigation into Bah Lyngdoh while the subject of the complaint is the same.
This was announced in a statement by the General Secretary of Samla Request Pakma.
Finally, the Quadragennial Celebration Committee invites all the paradoh parasnam who have responsibility for the welfare of the Jaadbynriew to take part in this 40th Anniversary Celebration.
The JSU said that the DTO Jowai office has been suspended due to the lack of computer equipment, in which the employees of this office can no longer work or continue their work inside this office. The work of the public inside this office has been suspended for about two months.
The woman was injured in the incident and was taken to Dr Norman Tunnel Hospital, Jowai for treatment.
Speaking to reporters, HANM President Lambokstar Marwein said that their visit to Shillong today was to find out the truth about the allegation. The manager of the coal factory is the MLA of Mawthungkut.
Shillong, Lber 01: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, in response to the amendment brought by Bah Lamphrang Blah regarding the Hima and Village Courts, Additional Subordinate Court and Village Court and these courts are still functioning.
Advising and encouraging the youth, Samla SS Niangti said that as leaders who have responsibility for their country and nation, they should also know how to avoid bad habits. can undermine our character and leadership position.
The Seng is concerned about the lack of jobs for the youth in government and private jobs and demands from the authorities in charge of these private companies operating in Jaintia Hills to recruit them immediately. Shillong, March 17: The Deputy Commissioner of JYF (JYF) Shillong, March 17: The Deputy Commissioner of JYF (JYF) Shillong, March 17: East Khasi Hills, Bah PS Dkhar today called a meeting of the three cases, Lafarge Company, Nongtrai Dorbar Shnong and KSU Nongtrai Unit to discuss the issues related to the company.
These men saw the vision and founded this party more than a hundred years ago and this day is commemorated by the Khasi Seng every year.
The EC has tried to assist the people who come from the border areas and the documents they receive are according to the approval of the Rangbah Shnongs, Syiems and Sordars.
Various groups that the journalists will meet include Assam Rifles, Assam Police, Tourism Department, AIIMS-Guwahati, IIT-Guwahati and others.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: CBI officials from Delhi have filed a complaint against the Commissioner of Police in Kolkata on charges of the Sardha Chit Fund. The meeting today also lasted for five hours.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Chief Minister said that Mawkhar is a village in the middle of Shillong. many sides and also the surrounding communities.
The number of voters has increased by 30,949 compared to the current census of 21,86,151 lakh, according to the CEO of Meghalaya, Dr. BDR Tiwari.
(SP News.
The prizes were distributed to the winners by the Chief Guest along with other dignitaries who were present on the occasion.
In the past two days, heavy rains have hit the eastern parts of Meghalaya bordering Bangladesh, and the entire Jaintia Hills, causing damage across the district.
Tura, July 26: A wild elephant has stabbed a man to death at Gangbanga village near Dalu village in West Garo Hills District today.
A good house was built with the initiative of KSU Nobosophoh until it was completed.
We know clearly that there are only four parts required in the appointment of the Government; to release Advertising.
The Chief Minister said that 21 four of these vehicles are fully qualified and 17 are undocumented. Out of the 17, 10 have received documents. approval from the SWA and 7 have not received any permission.
Emergency Number (NERS): 112 and 2).
Under the IEC campaign, programs have been conducted to provide services such as free health checkups.
Housie will start at 6:00 pm.
New Delhi, Naitung 02: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today approved the vaccination of pregnant women against the disease. of COVID-1
Shillong, July 14: Shillong Lajong beat SAI Guwahati FC in the U-18 I-League Shillong on Saturday.
and this also affects even the writers who want to write in Pnar.
Then he started selling newspapers and trained himself as a Music Instructor and thus became one of the most famous Music Teachers in the city and in the countryside.
The Seng after receiving information that there are many households who are in need of rice even to buy rice and some of them lack rice to cook, the Seng will take action to deliver the rice. and to various villages in War Jaintia.
(S.P News).
Tura, Aug 16: The owners of petrol pumps in Garo Hills will proceed with the closure of petrol pumps in Garo Hills.
Speaking at the unveiling ceremony of the statue of Peter G Marbaniang at Laitumkhrah Point, he said that his father, Purno K Sangma and Peter G Marbaniang were present. that very close collaboration.
The HSPDP, which has two MLAs, has one minister and the discussions are ongoing within the party and as Samlin Malngiang said, it depends on the decision of the party.
The search was conducted at 15 places in Kolkata, Guwahati, Rangia, Shillong and Patna.
If the Meghalaya government cannot implement these demands of the union and if the Indian government cannot withdraw the Environmental Clearance and announce it through a resolution in Parliament, we will not accept UCIL's request. It is only the Corporation under the AMD and they are pleased to say that it can flee now and come back at any moment if the Meghalaya government and the leaders cannot act this time.
In another incident, at 12.30 pm, police stopped a Tata Indica (ML-05E-6273) driven by Rahul Biswa.
A big thank you to all those who contributed.
The union is surprised that while the Khasi youth are still unemployed, why have these contractors brought in these foreigners without being able to provide the necessary documents before they come to work? .
However, the language of school, which has become a long-standing language in society, even if it is the native language of shlem-hikai or shlem-pule, can be used only in writing, because in speaking stories it is more thousand to the school.
A short speech on the school was delivered by Ms. ML Diengdoh.
The residents of Shillong have marched at the time stipulated by the government and closed at the stipulated time. line to buy meat.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 96,561 people have tested positive for COVID-19, 94,870 have recovered and 94,870 have died. 1619 people.
Shillong, Naitung 10: The total number of cases in Meghalaya so far has risen to 8,08,519, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today said.
Regarding the overlap of dates for the examination of D.El.
Speaking to reporters, he said that this is a very important task and the most important task is to arrange what they will say in the Legislative Assembly and the work is to strengthen the you are working on the opposite side.
For more information please contact the General Sec of MSOA, Bah Finely L Pariat,
Aizwal, Nailar 13: The Mizoram government through the Horticulture Department will hold a two-day Grape Festival on the 22nd and 23rd of this month at Champhai as part of the attraction of tourists.
India's electricity generation capacity by the end of 2016-27 is estimated at 6,19,066 MW including 2,38,150 MW of coal, 25,735 MW of gas, 63,301 MW of hydro, 16,880 MW and 20 MW, nuclear. renewable electricity sources to meet the electricity demand according to the 19th Electric Power Survey across the country.
Regarding the VAB, he said that on any ground that the government has suggested to the Governor, he has not yet sought clarification from the Ministry of Home Affairs, after the Ministry of Home Affairs has KHADC has clarified why the government is delaying on this issue. They will write to the government to clarify the VAB. The first day of the year 2017 was welcomed by the MDCs of the HSPDP and the MDCs of the NCP to the PDF who came to support the Executive Committee. CEM. Shillong, November 29: Four persons were injured in road accidents in different parts of Shillong, three in Shillong and one in Wahlakhaw near Mairang.
According to the official figures, 96716 people have tested positive for COVID-19, 95064 have recovered and 1622 have died.
Herbert also won the MDC election within the JHADC and was elected CEM of the JHADC on 22 October 1999 and remained in office until 27 November
With the same spirit of helping others, they conducted a free medical distribution at Mahenderganj where 291 people received medical assistance.
One of the main issues that the union has stressed is that the government should introduce a law known as the “Right to service Act”. The writing from the government such as Schedule Tribe Certificate, Birth Certificate and other documents that should be received from the government should have been available on time, but as it is now, the people are facing problems because many times. palat months also do not get.
Opening the three day training, he said that in the past, people were happy with what they got, but now the desires of the people are many and the desires have changed. It is good that you have this desire. If you don't have it, you won't be able to do it.
Charles Pyngrope, Chairman of the PAC, said the CAG report showed that there has been a loss of T.152.56 crore from the transport department due to not receiving the money allocated by the government. the weighbridge is the source of life.
