Three persons including two from Mynsain and one from Nongbsap have been taken into custody by the Sohiong Out Post Police after two criminals were bombed by a mob in Mawthlong on Saturday. of the month last year.
The complaint was taken based on the report of the Comptroller and Auditor General of India on the Social and Economic Sectors for the year ended October 31,
These foreigners who raise cattle in these areas do not have any proper permits and at the same time these areas fall under the Municipal area and cannot raise any cattle.
Schools in urban areas, for classes I to V, can take notes from school or conduct online, for classes VI to class XII, schools can be opened for them to attend. to school every day.
Shillong, Nailar 07: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Federation (HNYF) today gave time to the 6 Battalion of Meghalaya Police Station (HNYF) to discuss the recruitment of police officers. The government has given 24 hours to suspend the personal interview within the police department.
He said that so far it has been estimated that there are about 3000 people who have registered with the government and want to return to the state, including students who work abroad.
The Chief Executive Member of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) has written on social media, “The KAAC has accepted the Khasi Pnar residents living in Mukroh and perhaps in other places like Psiar, Khanduli and Block-1 as illegal immigrants.
Answering a question, the Minister said that the government has now encouraged the import of soh seeds produced from areas where there is no soh niamtra production, as it is understood that if imported from here it will not help but will bring the loss of original seeds.
Police have been on high alert to ensure that there will be no tragic incident. Police are also searching for the perpetrators to punish them according to the law.
“Of course we understand that the curfew has affected our brothers and sisters, but we cannot refuse because the government has forgotten the needs of our people. I will give the people months and years,” said Heibormi Symblai.
On the other hand, Publicity Secretary Samla Platini Mukhim gave a speech and urged the relevant authorities to work together for the good of the Seng. young people who are the Future of the nation.
The cost of this project will be funded by the Ministry of Mountain Development in India. Last year, the cost was about T.60 lakh. This year, too, the festival will not be organized by the Ministry of Tribal Affairs in India.
It is to be recalled that the event was led by Mr Ian Campbell, the Olympian (1980 Moscow Olympics) who set the world record at that time and Mr Alistair. Tait, Global International Coach of Australia.
The CEM said that at present they have to rely only on BSNL which belongs to the central government. build it but don't do it.
They want to ask the police what they have done to curb corruption, whether they have been able to end drug trafficking, kidnapping and extortion in the border areas and violence against women.
The Cabinet meeting has discussed the issue and once the government has completed the explanation of the Governor, it will send it back to the Governor for approval. he.
Shillong, Lber 13: U Governor of Meghalaya, Dr KK Paul today approved the names of the Executive Members of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). Speaking to SP News Agency, the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, said that according to the information he has received, it is understood that the Governor of Meghalaya has sent a letter to the KHADC. he has given his approval today.
After the release of the shap, the party leaders held a shout as a sign of celebration in which everyone said to Prah, and the president of the party, Bah Ardent said that they will clean up. The world economy in Meghalaya has been destroyed by Prah.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah Nehlang said that he does not want to contest the election anymore. “I have decided not to contest the election. you're in the current election"
The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Friday announced that the Council will award scholarships to research scholars who come forward to do research in the field of research. related to the rule of law, the customs and traditions of the Khasi people.
The Chief Minister said the state government has allocated T.11.30 crore for the purchase of 40 vehicles, of which 30 vehicles have already been purchased at a cost of T.17 lakh.
“We need knowledge and skills to build the nation and this is the goal for the nation where the youth of today are for the future of tomorrow and tomorrow.
Larger and more remote villages with many villages can also award prizes to the cleanest villages.
“It is a sudden decision to start something without full resources and in the absence of means to build and produce the best,” he said. possible.
In this way, the language of those who milk can remove that lynga kpoh and this is the traditional Khasi custom.
Thousands of people from different villages from different villages from youth to elderly mothers attended the public meeting. Hoping Stone Lyngdon, President of the HSPDP, Dr. PBM Basaiamoit, Harwil Sutnga, Advocate, Singh Mulieh, Shibun Lyngdoh and former CEM of JHADC Hambertus Nongtdu and others.
“The party is firm on this issue until there are strong laws to protect us as a minority, the talks on the railway line will stop.
Children should be required to wear tupia and shatri when coming and going from school.
In the letter, the HYC said that the medical college at NEIHRIHMS can accept only 50 students, Meghalaya can accept only 14 students, Nagaland can accept 10 students and This will be a total of 10 cases for other states in the North East including Sikkim.
The Minister stressed that the indigenous people engaged in manufacturing, textiles and others have been able to sell a lot of their products after joining TRIFED and participating in these 'Very Festive'.
Democracy means a plurality of rights, beliefs and customs.
On the 17th of July, the President will attend the Golden Jubilee Celebration of the Karbi Youth Festival at Taralangso, Diphu, Assam.
The sharing of information with Assam on the best practices in the fight against COVID-19 is another area that has helped Meghalaya.
His posts include Minister of Education and Food and Civil Supplies.
The residents of seven villages including Panchiring A, Mawpen, Katradua, Mawhati, Phodkroh, Panchiring B and Upper Panchiring will now get adequate telecom services for the first time.
The Chief Minister admitted that if the NPP came to power alone, Comingone Ymbon would become a minister but when the party did not come to power alone, it had to be reconciled with Dasakhiat.
Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of Sports, said that his department is considering the goal of the Meghalaya Games and urged the Executive Council, MSOA, to send a report on this in order to create opportunities. to host the Meghalaya Games in
Shillong, March 23: There are 81 new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 51 in West Jaintia Hills and 1 in East Garo Hills today. , East Jaintia Hills 1, South Garo Hills 1 and the total number of cases is
If you happen to be in an empty homeless lot, try to avoid danger as soon as possible.
Shillong, Nailar 21: Dr. Lajja Ram Bishnoi, Director General of Police, Meghalaya today inaugurated the Inter-Frontier Judo Cluster Competition teams of BSF branches have come to take part in this competition. These participants have come with the desire to take part in this competition. a game to show off the skills they have.
These Indian YouTube channels use the business model and logos of other news channels that are broadcast on TV, including the images of the readers of these channels to ensure that people believe in the truth of the message they publish.
The Minister said that he will discuss this issue with the Finance Commission to prepare measures to address the problems faced by the Autonomous District Councils and Dorbar Shnongs in relation to the receipt of financial assistance so that Good works will be continued for the development of the villages in this state.
Shillong, November 06: The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPC) under the leadership of Bah Vincent Pala today held a ceremony to honor Saleng Sangma, who won the Lok Sabha election. napoh to Tura.
Shillong, July 24: U Minister in charge of Electricity, James.
Shillong, July 13: The Cabinet meeting held today has decided not to levy the tax of T.1000 per truck on forest products.
NPP National President Conrad said the incident took place in Wangkhei Assembly Constituency and the shooters came to the house of the candidate and the father of the victim was taken to Shilja Hospital in Imphal.
Shillong, June 01: The Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya has released T.3,44,85,000/- for the installation of solar street lights in Shillong and Tura. This is the additional financial assistance from the Electricity Department of the Government to MNREGA. In Tura, this money will be received on 03/02/2
“We firmly believe that all the people of EJHD and those from other states of the North East have witnessed with their own eyes the The deterioration of NH 44 from Malidor to Soomer and the poor condition of this National Highway has affected all the people who use this road as their backbone. .
In his speech, Bah Hel said that this book is another milestone in the development of the Khasi language and at the same time in the field of literature.
On this occasion, HITO suggests to the KHADC to change the spelling of the word from “Bat Khyndew” to “Traiqcic” and this will be a blessing to the future generations. .
During the parade, the soldiers took the oath to sacrifice their lives for the country. The oath was taken by Lieutenant General RN Singh, AVSM, SM, VSM, Colonel of the ARC in the presence of the Army Chiefs.
The Academy will further empower participants with a range of specialized skills like artificial intelligence, sustainable design, data analysis, and project management.
Until these days, the border of the Khasi States, Sirdarships and Jaintia Hills has not been resolved. that the words “Khasi States” still appear in the First Schedule of the Constitution of India, while we are happy without understanding the promotion to the Sixth Schedule.
It is to be recalled that the Union recently strongly opposed the appointment of 49 persons by the Director of Health Services (MI) and Joint Director of Health Services (SS), Civil Hospital, Shillong. They demanded that they be removed immediately and appointed by those who have passed the DSC examination. For example, in a copy of the RTI received from the Civil Hospital, Shillong, it was found that on 1.8.2012, a person was temporarily appointed as an Officer for a period of 2 months. vacant post with a break of 3 (three) days), without completing the recruitment examination of the DSC, but in the letter to the DSC the date of regularization is 1.8.2012 for the same person.
Regarding the demand for a Community and Rural Development Block in Wahkaji-Umdohlun, the party will continue to demand.
The Prime Minister said that there is no need to protect the people.
Shillong, July 19: The Chief Minister of Assam, Cornad K Sangma today announced that he and the Chief Minister of Assam, Hemenata Biswa Sarma, will meet with the Chief Minister of Assam on January 20, Union Home Minister Amit Shah to submit a report on the border issues between Meghalaya and Assam.
The improvement of this road will start from Riangdo-Shillong near the bridge at Nongdein in Nongstoin and will end at Nonghyllam-Maweit. Mawdong and Miangshan.
The livelihood of the illegal immigrants in East Jaintia Hills, if in this manner, has not been peaceful.
The demand for electricity has reached 600 MW, and there are more than 3 lakh consumers, while the installed generation is 186.70 MW. HEP (2 x 42 + 1 x 42) MW has been running and supporting the electricity distribution due to the heavy rainfall in these areas.
UCIL and the Government of India departments in charge of Nuclear Energy (Nuclear Power) and others involved have not respected the voice of the people of Domsiasiat, Mawthabah and others. the voice of the citizens of the State.
Jowai, July 16 : The residents of Iooksi Iapkhla Village on the other side of the Wah Mynsar have suffered greatly in terms of traffic and transportation due to the lack of a strong bridge to walk and jam across the river. Wow Myncer.
The petition is to request the Government of Meghalaya to take action against the recent Supreme Court judgment to amend many laws such as the Forest Conservation Act 1980, Forest Conservation Rules 2003, Indian Forest. Act 1927, the Assam Forest Regulation 1891, the Indian Registration Act 1908, and many other Acts and Rules relating to the customs and traditions of our country. paid Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: Meghalaya is currently facing a severe power shortage and this has affected the students who are currently in the middle of their examinations.
The arrest of Bah Korti was made to raise awareness that driving by children is a danger to pedestrians and also to the driver as he is a child.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: In Shillong, especially on the road from Police Bazar to Laitumkhrah, police have put up signs in the middle of the road saying “No Overtaking” but no one believes.
Shillong, Naitung 04: Assam Police today came to the market in Bhoirymbong, Ri Bhoi District to pay for their work.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: U Bah Disparsing Rani on Tuesday said that after receiving information through RTI on 17/11/2021 regarding the vacancies at the Main Secretariat, there are 328 vacancies. .
“Ka Seng from the beginning stands on the ground that the Government can provide accommodation or quarters for its employees we have no problem, but we have expressed from the beginning, that those people who live in Them Iewmawlong who do not They are employees of the Government, the Government should not give the land, therefore, it will be illegal,” said Bah Synrem.
On the other hand, the Minister, who did not want to be named, said that if he has received information on the time of the meeting, he will also leave. The Chief Minister of the state is in Delhi.
New Delhi, July 08: Sheikh Hasina has won the Awami League (AL) elections to the Assembly elections held on Tuesday. 2024 for four consecutive terms and will be the fourth time she will assume the post of Prime Minister of Bangladesh.
In the past century, the leaders have been attacked by the power of guns and men, this century has been attacked by thought, the destruction of the nation is due to foreign thought, laong that the speech is not only to the members of the KSU but also to the youth who have contributed to the nation in their respective districts.
He said sports also teach how to recover from defeats and come back stronger.
To uplift the youth, empowerment of women, girls, for farmers and fishing groups as well as for those who work.
Shillong, July 01: The State Government on Friday appointed an Expert Committee to review the Reservation Policy.
The CEM of KHADC recalled that before entering the Sain Pyrthei Competition, Bah SK Sunn worked in the Water Supply Department of the Government and retired as Chief Engineer. you're a government.
He said that the water source has its own law passed since 1990 which is known as the Meghalaya Protection Catchment Area. the water supply department and if they do not comply there is a thorough process.
In Umkiang he was known as Forpunet and he left the village two years ago after leaving his wife.
Out of the 1462 cases, 137 cases have been admitted to different hospitals in the state. Hills 1, South West Garo Hills 2, West Garo Hills 11, West Jaintia Hills 5 cases.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District today lifted the order issued on the 21st of this month, which ordered to withhold the results of children who did not drink alcoholic beverages. Rubella Measles vaccine.
Brothers and sisters, the country has become intellectually diverse after many years of independence.
Initially, all the leaders of different religions spoke on the issue of peace. Others who attended the ceremony were Dr M Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of State, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Bah AL Hek, Bah Shanbor. MLA Bah Adelbert Nongrum MDC was also present on the occasion.
As it is, the political parties have their own party workers in the villages and they know that the election department needs their assistance in this regard.
He said that many of the government's schemes have failed because the landowners have not given land.
There are 162 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, 1 in East Jaintia Hills, 121 in East Khasi Hills, 1 in Ri Bhoi, 3 in South West Garo Hills. Garo Hills 23, West Jaintia Hills 3, West Khasi Hills 2 cases.
Speeches were delivered by Bah Banshai Marbaniang, President and Bah AB Nongbet, General Secretary of the CFHD.
“After we have tested, it shows that the number of cases of Dengue has decreased since the 9th and until Friday there are only 2 cases. Dengue fever is caused by mosquito bites.
On these four issues, they have not set a time limit for the government to act, they will wait for the government and if the government does not do anything on this, they will think again. to proceed on this point.
Shillong, Nailur 10: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), HANM and WYF Sengkmie have closed their shops and went to the market in the past few days. They inspected the coal mining factories in Shallang area and found that there are about 10 factories and the number of foreigners working in these factories.
The question is why do you have to walk from Wahkaji-Ranikor-Nongjri-Kulang instead of Mawieit-Kulang which is hundreds of kilometers away and why doesn't it end up in Mawthabah if you don't walk? I went to Ranikor and went to Garo Hill.
"“We thank the citizens and the Police Department for saving us from disgrace," he said.
We are also surprised how the Assam police have arrested Bah Michael Warjri.
Also present on the occasion were Union Minister Gen VK Singh and Minister of Tourism Robert Romawia Royte from Mizroam.
“I have received other information from the HYC, regarding an incident on the 24th of this month where the HYC had informed the Pynursla Police Station about the smuggling of muid.
In terms of construction cost, the MSOA expects it to be less than what was spent in Tura which amounted to T.23 crore.
Our Constitution tells us how we should build the country but it is up to the people of the country to choose the pace of this development.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Pyngrope said that the reason why he left the UDP party is that as an MLA of the UDP in the last 40 years, he has had the opportunity to Dr Donkupar is the Chief Minister of the state but in one year of his tenure as Chief Minister, instead of providing more roads, he has removed even the sanctioned roads.
On this occasion, u Bah Disparsing said that the office of the Deputy Commissioner has issued the allocation of government land. It was granted to the King of England on 10 November 1863 and ended in
Secretary Meghalaya Urban Development Authority, Chief Executive Officer Shillong Municipal Board, and to the President and Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council.
The KSU WJHDU also urges the Meghalaya government to take action on this issue as it shows that despite the border settlement between the two states, Assam is still owning the Khasi villages everywhere. and the bags were not on the border.
On Sunday, no vehicles, whether commercial or private, will be allowed to pass.
This is the 318th batch to complete this training in this army.
Today 1/July/2024 the remaining two bodies were recovered and on this day the rituals were completed to cleanse the remaining bodies. the village is created.
BSF troops also seized cows from Hat Thymmai in East Khasi Hills District and these smugglers pretended to be the owners of the markets on the India-Bangladesh border. .
Tura, Lber 20: Former Speaker of the Legislative Assembly PA Sangma who is also the President of the National People's Party (NPP) today alleged that the Congress party is in the ICU and will not be able to stand in the ICU. This is the election.
Shillong, June 19: The State Government has informed the civil society groups demanding the implementation of the ILP in the State to resume the talks on the 29th of this month.
As part of the Azadi Amrit Mahotsav, the Telecom North-East LSA has opened a Bharatnet office at Mawkynsah in West Khasi Hills district.
With this quick arrival, the fire brigade was able to prevent the spread of the fire to the nearby houses.
Shillong, Lber 23: The KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit (KSU) under the leadership of Bah Albinus Lamurong (Asst.General Secretary) has met with the officials of GR Infrastructure Ltd (GRIL) at their office in Mynkre. Base Camp, East Jaintia Hills District to correct some of the misspellings of the names of villages, townships and places on the signboards along the NH-44 in East/West Jaintia Hills District. .
Earlier, the Election Department had sent staff to enter the homes of the elderly and disabled to cast their votes.
Regarding the MCCL, he said that they will meet again to discuss the matter. Regarding the salary for the past 15 months, the government will take action before Christmas.
The meeting was led by General Secretary Roy Kupar Synrem, Donboklang Kharlyngdoh and two other members of the HYC. members of the song were sent together.
Shillong, Naitung 15: The Inspector General of the Border Security Force, PK Dubey, on Tuesday said that the kidnappings on the border are the collaboration of smugglers from Bangladesh and India.
The Prime Minister warned against the spread of medicines, saying that we should keep in mind that in the midst of vaccination, there should be no stinginess and we should continue to take precautionary measures.
Regarding the purchase of these aircraft, the Congress party has demanded that the Joint Parliamentary Committee should investigate whether the purchase of Rafale has caused a loss to the country. Rs.41,000 crore.
In doing so, we strive to encourage, promote and spread the appreciation and love of films far, far and wide to bring love, understanding and brotherhood among people; and to inspire them to rise to new levels of excellence.
“The State Government has talked to the Assam Government to resolve the border dispute areas and we are in the process of resolving seven more border dispute areas,” he said.
The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District said that the meeting was originally scheduled to be held on Monday morning but was postponed to Tuesday. the story of the Hima Jirang.
Shillong, July 23: Shillong Lajong Junior Reds today lost for the first time in their first leg of the tournament. U-18 Shillong Premier League.
In the past few days, the JSU under the leadership of the General Secretary has visited several villages under this Block to witness the implementation of this scheme such as Raliang, Shangpung. , Mookhap, Mookaiaw,.
The KSU does not agree to join the university which is located in another area far from the city and the government will have to explain to the public when it takes such decisions to exclude from MBOSE
Major General PS Behl, General Officer Commanding Red Horns Division welcomed 15 Myanmar Army Chiefs and 16 Indian Army Chiefs who attended the special training.
“If the Government of India passes this bill, we as the indigenous people of the North East will be in great danger, therefore, as the citizens of the North East. “India already has more than 1.3 billion citizens.
With the appointment of Justice Diengdoh, the High Court of Meghalaya has three judges, including the Chief Justice, Justice HS Thangkhiew and Justice Wanlura Diengdoh.
Urging those who drive cars, motorcycles or scooties, Kamakhya Prasad also urged those who have not reached the age of 18 years, not to violate the rules of driving, and if found and not only the children, but also the parents, who transgress the law.
After the discussion, the union also handed over a letter and the union will continue to follow up from time to time and said that the farmers are the plates of food so the government should take action on the problems faced by the farmers. meet.
The residents of those villages who have been free of Covid-19 after being tested can turn to the jobs they used to do in the villages to earn a living to fill their homes because of the starvation. ,We see that the world today is difficult if the people do not have the opportunity to work day or night like quarrying, lyngkha work, day job in the field, 100 days work, mystery work and others that our villagers do im day to earn from hand to word.
The purpose of this march is to raise awareness on climate change and to find ways and means to preserve the environment as climate change is happening all over the world.
In a Facebook post, he said, “The way of working is greater than any individual,” he said. “I don't have anything wrong with the work, but I am sorry. I don't know if I can see the work completed but I hope the new DC will not only complete the work but will do some new work.
This would not have been achieved without the efforts of the media to disseminate information and showcase the opportunities for change that yoga offers.
After this incident, it was decided to leave for Bathinda airport.
Nongstoin, Jymmang 05: The National Green Tribunal (NGT) in West Khasi Hills District has expressed its deep sorrow over the decision of the National Green Tribunal (NGT) regarding the mining of coal.
Shillong, Nailur 29: U Bah Lambor Malngiang MLA and MDC of Nongkrem Constituency who is also the Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board today honored 63 ASHAs and 80 Aganwadis for their efforts. Their hard work in the fight against the spread of COVID-1
In his speech, Myntri Rangbah Duh said that the health services should be looked after according to the procedures before and after the pandemic.
This is the second time this year that the JSU of Labang Nongphyllut has organized a festival to preserve the culture and traditions of Labang Nongphyllut.
The school was established by the Seng Khasi and especially by Rangbah Rash Mohon Roy Nongrum with the desire to educate and educate the children in the roots, principles and purpose of the Seng Khasi.
The villages that received this assistance are Karaigora, Kakergora, Nalikata, Rajapara, Majesora, Hemanagar, Tillagaon, Rajai, Randu, Barsora and Gumaghat which fall under the district.
Ravi Kota, Chief Secretary, Government of Assam, thanked the Law and Justice Department of the Union Government for selecting Guwahati to host this important meeting which has the potential to bring about a great change for those who who are involved in this work in the state and also in the whole region.
Shillong, Nailar 7: The Meghalaya Editors and Publishers Association (MEPA) has expressed its deep sorrow and grief over the passing away of Bah Syndor S. Syiem. the Editor of the State.
Until now, the state government has not been able to ban the entry of mynder.
The remaining Districts and Civil Sub Divisions will be issued later.
According to sources, although the counting of votes will be held tomorrow morning, talks between the political party leaders have progressed regarding the formation of the Executive Committee especially within the party. At present, the ethnic parties have wanted to work together to prevent the Congress party from forming the Executive Committee, while the Congress party is still waiting for the Executive Committee. The answer that the people have already decided will be known when the vote is cast.
This will alleviate the problem of forgery to obtain medicines and the misuse of resources under the CoWIN platform to obtain medicines.
This is the assistance of having only one Ration Card per country.
Shillong, Nailur 05: The Cabinet meeting today has decided to amend the Regulation Establishment of Meghalaya Private Universities, Shillong, today said. to establish Private Schools.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The border issue whether with other countries or with the states is a very difficult issue.
Today, it was seen that only a few private vehicles were passing and parked, but the people have agreed to stay in their homes and even on the streets there are few people.
We have to understand this change in thinking according to the times.
Pohsngap said he was also a leader of the party earlier.
This road is used to pass behind the office of the Meghalaya Public Service Commission (MPSC) and many other offices on this side.
In an effort to curb the spread of the disease, it was decided to continue the temporary suspension of the movement of people from one place to another including buses from one state to another. to the other until October 31, 2020.
Hundreds of members of HANM have held a rally to express to the Central Government that Meghalaya needs the ILP and to include the Khasi language in the Constitution. This is the first time that the party will hold a protest in Delhi.
The closure of the interstate especially for traders to enter the country has been banned due to the spread of COVID-19.
The Minister also said that all the people in the country should join hands with the efforts of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to practice yoga to stay healthy.
Shillong, Nailar 03: Tourists in Sohra are very interested in buying Riewhadem thang from Mawkdok to eat while arriving in Sohra.
At the same time, there will be no payment for the new work and they should do it. IIT Guwahati has suggested that the equipment used should be more durable for the construction of the Dome. and that recommendation was accepted.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah C Shadap said, “I have come here not to condemn any candidate but to explain to you all and the most important thing is to ask for the I would like to ask all the people of this area to give their support to Bah Pala in this election and give him the opportunity to win once again. Shillong Parliamentary Seat.
Many candidates of various parties will lose without thinking just because of the pride and dictatorship of these party leaders in this upcoming MLA election. long soon in 2023.
The JSU said that as the population is increasing from time to time, the office is still open and it is difficult for the out post to operate especially for the residents who are far away. don't be afraid.
At this meeting, he also proposed that the CoMSO is ready to sit down and discuss whether it is today, tomorrow or at any time in order to demand. from the government to implement the ILP in the state.
At the same time, the mistake of them is that they didn't have their accounts in the banks because now they can't pay their salaries in cash and they have to send them directly to their accounts. The reason why a Sub-Inspector has been appointed to assist them in opening accounts in banks.
On this occasion, the SDPO of Sohra said that this should not have been done by them but by Shillong. On the other hand, Samla Ruben said that the law is the same for all. , If the names of the members of the party are revealed, the names of the Dkhars should also be revealed and should not be discriminated against.
Those who submitted their birth certificates were found to be newly issued certificates from the state especially from Garo Hills.
During the rally, the party will also hoist the flag of the Union in front of the party monument in Lachaumiere.
The dismissal of Jagpal Singh Dhanoa from East Jaintia Hills District is in violation of the order issued by the Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday directing the Police Department and its office to The Director General of Police (DGP) has ordered the immediate dismissal of Jagpal Singh Dhanoa for his failure to curb illegal coal mining in East Jaintia Hills District.
This vehicle was owned by Mr. Markus Phosnem.
Shillong, July 03: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the civil society organizations are as concerned as the government in the fight against COVID-1
The Khasi and Jaintia MLAs should not have passed a resolution to the Government of India.
Doordarshan has prepared a live broadcast for the entire programme, which will also be broadcast live on private TV channels.
However, after the signing of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) and the release of the Memorandum of Understanding to the media.
Shillong, November 09: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Shillong City today held a placard rally against Dr Mukul Sangma at his opening hall in Mawkhar.
The Government has appointed the Additional Advocate General of the State to look into new ways and means to generate more revenue for the State. the current provincial government is in the process of review.
The condition of this road will deteriorate two or three times if nothing is done in time.
Replying to a supplementary question by Bah Mayralborn Syiem MLA of Nongpoh regarding the desire to increase the IACDP and DTFM schemes from T.2.5 lakh to T.5 lakh, the Minister said: He said that the government will consider this request.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya today issued a public notice banning the carrying of mobile phones inside the polling station on 27/2/2
This determination of these countries of ours, and especially the strength of the relationship, was evident amid the crisis.
Chyne CEM of KHADC said he has directed the Chief Forest Officer of KHADC to convene a meeting with the traders to discuss this issue and also with the Marrep Traders Association.
On the other hand, the Police Chiefs of Meghalaya and Bihar have strengthened the security measures on the trains passing through Bihar to ensure that such incidents do not happen again.
As the National Party, the Central Government will provide the party with an office in Delhi, not only that the party will also have its own room in Parliament.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that the meeting today was held to discuss many issues related to the SSC. and the peace and order in the state at the same time to see how to deal with the new DGP in the state.
Minister Duh spoke about the Palm Oil Mission, a special project implemented by the Central Government with a focus on the North East and announced the inauguration of the first palm oil plant under this mission. today.
The JSU said that if they continue to exist, there will be grief and ethnic differences in the state and the JSU said that if such things happen, the Top Cem will have to take responsibility if he does not comply with the demand of the JSU to expel him. These two foreign workers have been arrested in Meghalaya.
The shortage of water in the Jaiaw Laitdom area has been going on since the construction of new water pipes.
All those who have applied for any errors in their admit cards can correct them by contacting the Principal of JNV Mawsynram with the documents applied online.
The Central Government has also said that it has received the clearance from the Ministry of Environment and Forest.
The union has found many shortcomings in the CHC as a place to treat milk until these days it has not been adequate but it has been dug with a hole which has affected the health and society as well as it is dangerous and injurious to children.
The Council has written to the State Government for four months now and has also met twice with the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and the Symbut Chief Minister in charge of Urban Affairs. u Bah Sniawbhlang Dhar, and now they have found a place which they still have to visit.
He also reminded the participants to give hope to the patient always if possible and to help encourage them to stand up and fight against whatever comes.
To implement this, the government departments which have joined hands besides the Social Welfare Department, include the Health Department, the Water Supply Department and the Education Department.
Shillong, March 31: The day-long celebration of the presence of wildlife was held today at a meeting held in Shillong, where the Minister of Forests, Clement Marak, launched a poster of the wildlife. They are located in the Government Forest in Nongkhyllem.
At this time, while the vehicle carrying the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Home Affairs, Bah Prestone Tynsong was about to enter the Secretariat, the members of the party shouted, “No ILP, No Rest".
Congress Legislative Party (CLP) Leader Ronnie V. Lyngdoh declined to disclose the names of the candidates and said that the time is not right to announce the candidates but they will be announced publicly. The candidate will be elected before the end of this month after receiving the approval of the All India Congress Committee (AICC).
Rakkam said he remembers the love of his mother, where she didn't expect him to become like he is now, but she expected him to become a human being once a day. .
When asked, he said that he had a drug addict who used to gather drug addicts to do these kinds of things.
On this occasion, the donation was witnessed by the people who donated in the presence of the organizers.
Shillong, Nailur 09: The National People's Party (NPP) has expressed its deep sorrow over the sudden passing away of former Arunachal Pradesh Chief Minister Kalikho Pul. Pul's death is a great loss to the North East of India. Pul's was a man loved by the people of Arunachal Pradesh.
: The mutdei of the saphit bakhor is covered with sharud and is covered with bthei when shooting.
Shillong, March 27: The Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Martle N Mukhim, in reply to a question by Bah Lamphrang Blah, Leader of the Opposition in the House, said that the KHADC has not received any more The schemes under Article 275 have been implemented since
Dr Rahul Banerjee, Deputy Regional Director of AMD, said that after discussions with the KHADC authorities, the AMD has decided to suspend the ban immediately from today. There is no land in the state of Meghalaya.
In the same vein, the Seng Samla Lumbalang Malki has denied the allegation that Bigstar Lyndoh was shot dead by the conductor of a government vehicle on the 22nd of this month.
Prestone Tynsong, Minister of Home Affairs, said that the police have arrested the suspects and the investigation is ongoing. Your side cannot comment until this article has come to an end.
Speaking to SP News Agency , the Chairman of the Board , Marak , said that the officers have now started their inspection of the factories to see whether they have done anything wrong. The Supreme Court has ruled that by 22nd June, all factories must have affluent plants and this order is applicable throughout the country.
On the other hand, the Secretary of the Education Department has promised to the union that he together with the Chief Secretary of the State Government will take immediate action on this issue.
The value of the seized cattle is Rs 4 lakh.
Speaking to reporters, he said that the office of the Governor is the office to uphold the Constitution of the country, if any bill is passed by the House. The Legislature of the State or the District Councils shall go to the office of the Governor of the State and if there is no conflict with the Constitution the Governor of the State shall give approval.
However, the story has not been written and remains as it is, but an attempt has been made to add the details of the Khasi customs and traditions related to the disaster caused by accidents. simultaneously.
Many of the leaders from Garo Hills have joined the NPP in recent days. The people and leaders have joined the NPP and have confidence in PA Sangma who is the only one who can. to restore peace in Garo Hills.
The JYF has been able to import Star Cement at a time when its Power Plant is still in operation and producing smoke like a lightning bolt, said the JYF leader. The JYF requests for RTI so that the people of the area can know whether the air they breathe every day is still as clean as in the past. “These dewbilat factories have put at risk the health of the people and the surrounding areas,” said P.Majaw president.
Most of the students are from the North Eastern states of Mizoram, Nagaland, Meghalaya, Arunachal Pradesh and Union Territories like Lakshadweep and Dadra & Nagar Haveli.
She also urged the MLA not to hesitate on this issue but to take action to ensure that the school is completed next year.
In his speech, the Governor congratulated all the Members of Parliament who have recently won the elections to the Legislative Assembly.
“After talking to the law enforcement authorities, the OC of Pasteur Beat House came in the morning and said that the relatives have come to take the body (of the child) and requested us the village to give us the land. “The Dorbar Shnong has given a place to bury the remaining body of the child in the presence of the police,” said Bah Khongphai.
The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has vowed to suspend the peace talks with the Government over the summons of General Secretary-cum-Publicity Secretary Bah Saiñkupar Nongtraw before the High Court despite the ongoing peace talks.
The Minister said that the T.163.31 crore collected from factories for the construction of roads in the last 40 years belongs to Meghalaya. On 20th October 2019, three committees were set up on the directive of the Central Government.
The violation of the agreements and commitments under the IOA & AA is evident when the Government of Assam at that time misled the Government of India to prevent the implementation of the provisions of the Instrument of Accession (IOA). and to allow the Sixth Schedule as a ploy to forcibly occupy the Khasi States within the borders of Assam.
Silbi Passah was born on 3rd October 1952 and completed her Bachelor's Degree in Hindi and served as a Hindi teacher at Mawkhar Shillong in
After receiving this promise from the DC, the KSU has decided to cancel their plan to rally at the DC's office on the 24th. this month.
In Shillong, the roads which used to be crowded with vehicles today have turned into playgrounds for many.
Ampareen urged the public to take action by not being clean or by not sending for examination at the health centers if there is a fever and by following the rules and regulations laid down by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. explain how to prevent dengue fever.
During the arrest, there was a bombing of the village until these two persons lost their lives.
Felix Lalruatsanga (7') gave Nangkiew Irat an early lead but it was one way traffic after that with goals for Mawlai by Fullmoon Mukhim (29'P), Romarius Laban (36'), Kevin Rymbai (65'), Donlad Diengdoh ( 68'), Pynbha Suting (73') and Mark G Shabong (87').
The T20 recommendations have been translated into policy briefs and submitted to G20 working groups, Ministerial meetings and leaders' summits to assist the G20 in developing strong policies.
The KSU has urged Gopal Dey to come forward with the members of the KSU to show the evidence he has against the youth of the KSU.
Shillong, Iaiong 08: The Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) has set up a police station at Mawlai View Point to search vehicles entering and leaving the country. which is enough.
The Department of Housing and Urban Affairs, Government of India has decided to improve the Ease of Living Index in the delivery of services to the citizens.
Speaking in the House, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that it is a great loss for the country. in the last six months, 23 public representatives have been lost.
Shillong, March 30: The Mawsynram Block Congress Committee (MBCC) today unanimously decided to send the name of Bah Himalaya M Shangpliang to the District Congress Committee (DCC) and also to the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (DCC). MPCC) to be the candidate of the Congress party from Mawsynram Constituency for the 2018 MLA election.
Former Chief Minister SC Marak, who is also an MLA, has been appointed as the Chief Minister of Garo Hills.
The Co-Chairman suggested to the WR Department to hold a meeting with the NEHU (Geography) Department, IIT-Guwahati, MLCU, as he has received information that NEHU has already prepared several report on the water supply in the state which can be assisted by the Water Resources Department.
This has surprised the union because in June it was revealed that the Garo people are still using NOCs to the Hamar and Punjabi people. the chief of Garo village.
As the Village Leader, Chairman of the Village Management Committee and Adviser of the Union of Waheh Shnongs of War Jaintia, he took this opportunity to urge the residents.
The Government should pay special attention to this issue, not just to honor teachers once a year on Teachers Day, but to honor the work they do every day by listening to their concerns.
The youth lodged a complaint with the KSU Laitumkhrah Unit and immediately the members rushed to the place where the youth used to work to warn the foreigner but before the members of the KSU arrived. This bar State has been destroyed.
At the same time, she urged that besides repairing the road, it is also necessary to build adequate drainage to avoid flooding during the rainy season.
On Tuesday, police arrested Rahul Das and seized 119.48 grams of heroin.
The bomb, which is 3.5 inches in diameter, was found while the mysteries were digging the foundation at the site.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has taken action to provide PPEs to the drivers of vehicles carrying employees of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. but to their teachers.
This preaching is not being done all over the world.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, said that this is only the beginning. a Tura.
Currently, about 100 SHGs related to Lakadong shynrai are working under its group.
Furthermore, the country received more than 23 unicorns in CY2022, which raised it to the second largest in the world.
In this meeting with the Minister of Home Affairs, the CoMSO said that the central government should immediately repeal the CAB. The meeting was attended by the Prime Minister, Presidents of political parties, KSU and GSU from Meghalaya.
On the opening day of the celebration, held at Don Bosco Technical School, the Salesian Society of Don Bosco, on the 12th of July, 1922, was commemorated. the Missionary Group of the North East.
Shillong, July 25: The Executive Committee of the Union of Waheh Shnongs of East Jaintia Hills District, which was held on the 23rd of this month, at Khliehriat, after a thorough discussion on the need to maintain the peace and prosperity.
It is for this reason that Prime Minister Duh has urged the world to look into the issues related to climate change.
“We as the leaders of the 9-Shnongs and also with the people of the 9-Shnongs as a whole, we join hands and fully support this curfew by the four organizations to tie the ears of the “It is the blind eyes of the government to repair the NH44,” said the leader of the 9-Shnongs, Bah Sutnga.
JSU/CB/2002/03/01 Dated Jowai, the 1st March 2002 2.
We don't want to see that it will be like other decisions they have taken, as a nation we want to see that this decision they have taken regarding the ILP will be blood and blood and will get a place in this state. Meghalaya.
The amendment will be introduced in the Budget Session starting on the 20th of this month and after it is approved by the House, it will be sent to the Central Government for approval. central government.
The three gold medal winners were Amaziah Syiemlieh, Dame Hector Marboh and Samuel Mukherjee.
The team is currently removing the fallen trees at Tura Civil Hospital.
Not only do they contribute to the welfare of their families but also to the welfare of the country.
Jowai, June 24: Leaders of 13 political parties under the leadership of Bah MH Dkhar President of AJYWO Central Body and Bah SS Niangti President of KSU Khliehriat Circle, today. They met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Bah MS Lhuid on the issue of entry and exit points and the District Task Force on the issues discussed with the Government of Meghalaya. Organization for the purpose of curbing the illegal entry and exit and residence of foreigners within the borders of the State, so that it does not affect the indigenous people of the State.
The difference between the vaccination rate of 50% through the Government of India channel and 50% through other channels will apply to all domestically produced vaccines.
Prime Minister Duh said holding the biggest election in the world is an honor for the 140 crore people of the country.
On the part of the families who were deprived of ration and the residents of Kongthong village expressed their gratitude and appreciation to the government authorities from the office SDO civil of Sohra Sub Division.
In this regard, the union said that the Assam police have violated the human rights of the Khasi people living on the border even to the point of ignoring the central government and the Meghalaya government.
It is for this reason that banks, courts, state government officers as well as government or factories will be closed on this day.
Through this statement, the KSU Umsning Circle would like to extend its special congratulations to all the students of the area who have passed the HSSLC Examination. I wish all those students who are waiting for the SSLC results to pass well and continue to rise to the top.
Replying to another question by George B Lyngdoh regarding the payment of light bill once, the Minister said that it is The fact that MeECL has allowed people to pay once for the remaining three bills.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Thomas Passah, President of KHNAM SYW, said, “We have demanded from the government to implement this law by increasing the age of the state to years so that the citizen of the state can pass the examination.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma at 12.17 AM today announced on Twitter that three people have tested positive for COVID-19 in Shillong.
“, said Bah Juliewanmi Siangshai, General Secretary of the Seng.
Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District Giri Prassad in a statement sent to media on Tuesday said that the police conducted a search operation at Umkiang at about 10:00 pm. A Tata truck 1512 (AS 28 AC-1046) was seized from Kalain, Cachar, Assam and entering Lumshnong, Meghalaya.
There are 253 recoveries, 166 from East Khasi Hills and 20 from Ri Bhoi. The total number of recoveries so far has risen to 73,7 sun.
The KSU believes that the House should discuss this issue and that the railway line should be blocked until the ILP Act is passed in the state. the introduction of the railway to Ri Khasi.
On the other hand, the Congress party said that to train only seven people to fight in the war is not enough and to send them to the war who have received only seven training is impossible. accept.
Regarding the population, the Seng said that the Laskeiñ Block area has more than 92,000 residents and includes two constituencies, Mowkaiaw LA Constituency and Raliang LA Constituency.
Sunny Dale School, Nongthymai, Shillong-793014,.
In his speech, Bah NR Shullai recalled what Kiangnangbah had said before he was captured by the British.
Speaking on the occasion, Ramkumar S said that the Central and State Governments have set a goal to eradicate TB and with this goal, adequate health care has been provided to the people.
Many times we see that only in the area of ​​8 mer or 7mer (not mentioning the more remote villages like Shangpung and others) which are only a few km from Jowai this department does not cover the thylliej ding and Most of the time, the fire can destroy shops or houses.
The proposal of KHNAM is that the State Government should introduce a new amendment to the ongoing State Reservation Policy.
Shiva Thapa of Assam defeated Rangiakura of Services in the light welterweight category 60-63.5kg.
They were surprised to learn and read about the rights of the Khasi people when Bah John Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, gave them a copy. The Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement of 17 August 1948 (IOA & AA).
On the other hand, the CEM of KHADC urged the government to take action as a sign of respect to this leader who has not been able to achieve what he said. All he wants is that the government should think of creating SEKH District in Sohra.
Along with the MPCC President, Bah HM Shangpliang MLA Mawsynra, and other party leaders from the Women's Wing, said that the protest was held at Congress Bhavan Thana Road. You are the youth of the Congress party.
On the other hand, the INDIA Bloc has decided to nominate Kodikunnil Suresh, the oldest MP in the Lok Sabha.
He also urged the officers and technical experts to think carefully about the steps to be taken in the future.
Earlier, the Prime Minister attended the meeting of the North Eastern Council at the State Convention Center in Shillong and took part in the celebrations of its Golden Jubilee.
The Minister of State for Revenue and Disaster Management, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, in his opening remarks, acknowledged that the media is very fast in its work. send information regarding any events.
On the 29th of this month, the Seiñ Riaj in collaboration with the DC's office held a National Seminar on the topic of “Resistance Movement Against the British Rule”.
Police were also present in the presence of Bah Vivek Syiem Additional SP, Bah Anthony Syiemiong of MACS. Many speakers to explain the dangers of drug abuse and one of the voices that came out of this march was to fight against this evil.
At present, the Hima has 48 candidates for the post of Syiem of Myllime, of whom 41 candidates have been elected, others have passed away but the Hima has not yet received them. .
He said that many people are afraid to take risks.
He said there has been a 21% increase in the use of funds allocated in the North East in the last three years.
The fight against drugs in Shillong is like a war.
The Minister said that the athletes from Meghalaya and the North East are very talented and some of them have brought glory to the country in the games held around the world.
The water has been taken to the Food & Safety Department at Pastuer Institute, Lawmali for testing to ensure that the water is safe for use as drinking water and for cooking. tiew, in the sum of the site.
The new EC has only held two dorbars but I feel that the EC is violent, in this regard we will have to meet with a legal expert and even if we “We have to send a letter to the Governor, we will not allow anyone to pass this bill by force,” said Bah PN Syiem.
It has directed to monitor the entry and exit points of liquor and money in the border areas, the control of marijuana cultivation in some states.
The Minister said that this Government is working in a manner that has progress in all sectors, reaches all places and involves all.
The Disaster Management Department has taken steps to assist the people affected by the natural disasters to clean up the roads affected by the landslide.
The road is the key to promoting economic growth and income generation.
More than 25 young women have registered to take part in this training and today is the first day in which they have been allowed to learn how to reach the goal of This is a very good competition.
The District Administration of East Khasi Hills District Administration of East Khasi Hills has taken action to improve the traffic of the people who have to pass through this road. vehicles can be released from this road.
Shillong, Naitung 10: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has decided to send to the Select Committee the report of the Delimitation Committee on the proposal to revise the boundary of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). There are 29 constituencies in the Khasi Hills.
John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, congratulated the BDO for taking the initiative to convene the VECs, and urged the Gram Sevaks to be quick to take the initiative to help the most backward, and to be the bones of the government in economic development.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the Association, Kong Jennifer J.Synrem, said that if the Government cannot implement the new salary, they will take other measures. strongly opposed to the Government.
The Chairman of the Cabinet said that the Cabinet will only be an advisor to the Central Government and in the end the decision will be taken by the Central Government.
Shillong, Nailar 05: The Juvenile Justice Committee of the High Court of Meghalaya in collaboration with the Social Welfare Department and the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today held a consultation on the issue of every day on the topic of children's rights and the law.
John Lyngdoh, Vice President, HYC Shillong City.
About 70% of the world's animal species are found in this area.
The training was conducted in accordance with the guidelines laid down by the Incident Response System (IRS), which was conducted by well trained teams and the training went smoothly as planned.
In the last nine years, all the banks have released 35.32 crore MUDRA loans worth T 18.4 lakh crore which is about T 52,000 loans for those who have taken small loans.
The training was sponsored by the Meghalaya Farmers' Commission (MFC) to encourage farmers to learn new farming techniques.
India has lost its beautiful voice.
If the Beat Office of the Assam Government cannot be removed, there is still a danger that it could happen more than what has already happened, when Assam and Meghalaya are in the middle of reconciliation talks. postpone.
The Minister said that the man had come from Guwahati to Khliehriat as the Branch Manager of SBI and when he arrived at Byrnihat he had shown his ID card which had been issued in the hope that he would be able to leave. He went to the Civil Hospital for testing but went straight to his residence.
On the 15th of this month, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, released the Official Data on the salary of ASHA workers. Kyrdem PHC has received T.82,000 as performance incentives and regular honorarium for six months.
The union will not hesitate to watch on these issues and we will continue as long as possible but if they cannot, the police and the Meghalaya government will have to take responsibility, according to a statement sent by the youth. , Pauldeep Tongwah, President, KSU Mawkyrwat Circle.
They wanted to express their deep sorrow when they heard of the increasing incidents of beatings and killings of nurses in the country.
I greet you all in this work.
The Supreme Court's order is another step forward for transparency, consumer protection and responsible advertising.
The Seng encourages the Executive Members of the FKJGP not to back down on this issue.
Shillong, July 21: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Thomas A Sangma today visited Mawdiangdiang to inspect the work of the Legislative Assembly.
Dr Mukul said that there is a need for the cooperation of all to find ways and means how to restore peace in the state, as it is all in the same boat and if the ship sinks all shall fall together, all shall have the same responsibility for the restoration of peace.
The NPP-led government will include three ministers from the UDP, two from the People Democratic Front (PDF) and one from the UDP. The AJYWO Central Body wishes all the students who are taking the examinations from SSLC to HSSLC and other grades, to have a healthy body. They can write well and pass well after they get the results and so that they can reap the fruits of their hard work at different levels.
During the training, all the polling officers were taught how to conduct the election and how to fill up the dummy forms and were trained in such a way that they do not make mistakes during the election.
“At present, the 21st Law Commission of India has recently said that the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) is not yet necessary or desirable at this time,” he said. and added that to proceed with the implementation of the UCC against the will of the people of the country, would show the negligence and lack of good judgment of the current Government.
Shillong, June 01: The Seiñ Kur Dkhar District, East Jaintia Hills District, will hold its one-day dance competition at Eastside Inn, Jaliyiah, East Jaintia Hills District, on 08.04.2023, from 10:30AM to 10:30AM by 10:00PM tonight.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Khliehriat Circle has sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District demanding that the government should install speed breakers on the NH-4 because of the excessive speed of the vehicles.
Regarding the bomb blast in Williamnagar in which four people including an MLA were killed, Saleng A Sangma and Marcuise Marak demanded that the blast should be handed over to the NIA for investigation. bomb.
Referring to the demand of some parties on the ILP, he said the party will look into the advantages and disadvantages of implementing the ILP or the NRC. Dr Mawthoh said that the bill passed by the KHADC to ban the marriage of Khasi and non-Khasi women will be discussed in detail. supporting the vision of the Bill.
The Government has set a new target of 40 percent reduction in pollution in these cities before 2026.
(ii) The principles of the State Government enshrined in the Constitution empower the State to make provision for the welfare of the citizens and therefore cannot appeal against the promises. of those who are good in the way, they are good in the fields.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongthliew Circle under the leadership of Samla Joplang Kharnaior has sent a letter to the Sub Divisional Officer, MeECL Sohiong on 30/05/19 regarding the darkness without light for two months in the village.
On the other hand, the Vice President of HANM, Bah Wills Sohshang, said that the HANM urges the government employees to respect what the HANM has set. The office blockade will continue tomorrow.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya has said that before the meeting with the Union Home Minister, there will be a meeting between the two Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam to arrange for the meeting. to the Minister of Home Affairs of the Union Government.
He said that Maitshaphrang invites anyone who has the right or ability to compose songs that can include all the languages ​​of the Khasi people including the Khasi languages. The Khasi, Pnar, Bhoi, Lyngam, War and others received a buskit or a gift of 40,000 tyngka from Maitshaphrang.
Nalin Kohli, if he doesn't have any knowledge of the issues of the Jaidbynriew, it is useless for the BJP leader to agree to work for the welfare of the North East through his party. The party urges him that before he talks too much on the railway in the state, as the leader of the whole of India, he should look at the issues and work for the welfare of the people. and as part of showing that, he should speak out and act against the decision of the BJP government to ban the slaughter of beef as this is also an issue that affects the culture. the food of the peoples of the Eastern Region which they have been eating since ancient times.
However, friends, the corona virus is still spreading despite these measures and these scientists and governments around the world are now very vigilant.
This year, the purchase of piat is only 3 lakh metric tonnes, while the Ministry of Food and Drug Administration has directed the NCCF and NAFED to purchase another 100,000 metric tonnes of piat to reach this target. 500,000 metric tonnes and released to the market.
Shillong, November 16: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today met with the Prime Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma at the Airforce Landing Ground in Upper Shillong. He inaugurated the road from Shillong-Nongstoin to Tura at the Indoor Sport Training Center at Polo.
On the other hand, the police who were present at this time have ordered the taxi drivers to go to the place where the passengers want to go when there are no passengers inside the vehicle. At this time, it is not possible to ask the passengers who are waiting for vehicles to get into the taxis that have no passengers to go to their destination.
On receiving this information, the police immediately rushed to the scene to search for the kidnappers and the search for the perpetrators is ongoing, police said.
From the COVID-19 pandemic to the current crisis, many acknowledge that the impact of these crises will be more severe on women and girls, affecting the stability, employment opportunities and health of they.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The Union Minister of State for Education, Skill Development and Entrepreneurship, Dharmendra Pradhan today attended the XXVII Convocation of the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU). , Meghalaya and awarded degrees to the students who have completed their studies for the years 2020 and 2021 at a function held at NEHU. his studies and congratulated them.
Alod said that the festival will be inaugurated by Nongpoh MLA Mayralborn Syiem on the opening day and on the closing day, the Minister in charge of Forests, James K. Sangma, in this two-day festival, there will be many festivals.
The registration was conducted in accordance with the Meghalaya Survey and Land Record Act
They have also set up and established units in Wahkaji, Umsaw, Nongtynniaw, New Nongtynnger, Jingrin, Pyndemjarain, Nongmalang, Nongrynniaw, Mawjai, Nongummer, Plangdiloin and Langpa.
In addition, 4,607 Village Organizations (VOs) have been increased and 39,571 SHGs have received financial assistance worth T.171.56 crore.
: The mutsei is a prominent sign; it is pruid to prominent; it is a part of the human body that grows from the leaf to the end of the shympriah.
To improve agriculture, the government has introduced many initiatives and the government has estimated that by October next month, the government will be able to assist farmers up to T.17.28 crore. By the end of the 2022-2023 fiscal year, T.130 crore will be distributed and 16,800 farmers will benefit.
The SP of East Jaintia Hills said that to prevent this from driving and the two vehicles that are driving fast, the police will start cracking down and if found that there are still those who violate the rules. rules do not punish them according to the law.
In this incident, heavy fire engines were unable to access the scene due to the narrowness of the driveway.
Shillong, Naitung 21: The Government has received further reports from the Deputy Commissioners of Ri Bhoi District and East Khasi Hills District regarding the arrival of writers. bridal shower and Greenwood Resort Assam.
The Unit appeals to the people to join hands in this night curfew as part of the warning to the government which does not see only the most important issues that the people are facing. The statement was concluded by the President and General Secretary of the party, Bah Deihok Sumer and Bah Ampli Rupsi.
It doesn't matter if this EC under the leadership of Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, as CEM doesn't want to recognize but they shouldn't do anything that violates the customs and traditions.
Under the leadership of President Domayan Skhemiew, they on Friday met with the management of Adsan Mahindra and demanded that the advertisement should be immediately removed. 'Brothers.
The KSU Central Executive Council through its Education Cell today congratulated and awarded Prof Badaplin War after she received the Padma Shree Award from the Central Government on 2022.
In fact, the Commission should have listened to the supporters and after receiving the letter from both sides, it will sit down and take action. The MSWC has established the Commission as a civil society group.
The family members of the deceased lodged a complaint with the Saitsama Police Outpost on Tuesday.
Preparations in Tura have also been completed to welcome the President of India to open the 5th Meghalaya Games 2024 and the people of Tura are delighted to welcome the President.
Scheme for Certification of Sustainable Tourism, IEC and Vocational Training and others.
For more information about the cooking competition please call: 9615172968/
Due to the lack of network, it was not possible to get an estimate of how many bags of rice were transported, how many byrni of food and for how many households, but the exact number is that today they were delivered. rice and other food items by Air Force Helicopter.
The union feels that as these are the jobs under the jurisdiction of the Meghalaya Government, it should be opened first to the villagers of the state and not to all Indians and those from the North East,” he said. claims of Seng.
Shillong, Iaiong 10: With concern over the spread of drugs and drug addiction among the youth of the area especially the start of drug trafficking in Mawkyrwat market. Public march and public meeting on 25/4/19 from 10:00am.
“To just have a meeting with nothing to discuss, it makes no sense," he said.
The Chief Minister said that there is still a lot of work to be done for the state. The Chief Minister acknowledged the poor roads. He said that there should be no way to avoid mutual respect or racial discrimination.
In a letter sent, they said that the union expresses its strong opposition to the power outage in Shella Village and the area as a whole especially during the rainy season.
Edward Lynshing said that in Meghalaya people have not yet understood this day of workers. He said that from now on they will try to explain to the public that this day of workers has been set up to honor the work of They have been celebrated in India in 1921 for 103 years and in the world for 138 years.
Two of the arrested are men and one woman. The drugs seized from the bank were used to sell in Shillong. custom every next day is slow.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Hamlet Dohling said that in the villages of Mylliem Constituency where he will contest the upcoming election, he said that the MUA II Government under the leadership of the Congress has tried to introduce villages. under the jurisdiction of the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority and if it is released it will cause problems to the people in many ways.
The Garo Hills civil society groups have said that instead of the government trying to stop the entry of foreigners into the state, the government led by Conrad K Sangma has invited people from Garo Hills. They are not working in the state of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Iaiong 02: The Finance Department of the Government of Meghalaya today announced that due to the curfew to combat the COVID-19 pandemic, 50% of the funds have been withheld from the government. The salary of the Chief Minister, Ministers, IAS, IPS and IFS officers for the month of October
Shillong, July 09: Two Cabinet Ministers in the government of Narendra Modi, Kiren Rijiju and Sarbananda Sonowal have been re-elected to the Cabinet from the North East. too.
Regarding the cleanliness of the office, the KHADC has taken a decision to clean up the office by all the employees of the office on 24/6/2 park vehicles and do cleaning work especially at MDC Hostel.
The total cost of the 12 KM project was T.973 crore as of November,
Manufacturer companies already have places where they can dispose of expired drugs without spreading them in the hills and rivers as this will also affect the environment as well as the health of the people. walk up and down on the work of the day.
Speaking to reporters, he said that the MDA government has been involved in the corruption of the college. He said that the collapse of the college which has just been built at Patharkhmah has put the students in doubt. having spent Rs 11 crore.
The play was also performed on the occasion of the 69th Independence Day of India and the theme is taken from a poem written by the great Indian writer Robindranath Tagore. wrote “Where the mind is without fear”.
Sitharaman announced that there will be an improvement in services to taxpayers in line with the Government's objective to improve the quality of life and ease of doing business.
According to the target set by the present central government under the leadership of Narendra Modi as the Prime Minister of India, by 2022 all the people in the rural areas will have their own homes. stay.
Shillong, July 04: Youths of Upper Shillong Umlyngka Dong Mawpun on the 1st of this month to clean up the river from Kyndong Dieng Met to Mawpun Umlyngka Bridge. Tulba Upper Shillong Unit together with Umlyngka Village Youth Association and Mawpun Village.
According to a study by scholars of the Khasi language, Prof Radhon Sing Lyngdoh, it has been found that the Amwi language from Riwar Jaintia is the source of the Khasi language, but after the British rule. From abroad, writing and reading in the Khasi language has spread, flourished and spread throughout the state according to the Sohra language.
Lieutenant Colonel Martin Khongmen told SP News Agency that he joined the army in 1963 and the war he took part in was the Bangle War in and the place where he was at this time was Fazilka in Punjab.
Shillong, Nailur 13: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, has alleged that the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has deceived the Hynniewtrep people. : Answering a question by Process T Sawkmie, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the MPSC is slow to conduct examinations and interviews.
All these types of glasses are guaranteed for 45 days and 1 year warranty.
For ease of administration, J&K and Ladakh have been recognized as Union Territories.
There was also a friendly match between Laitnongrim and Wahramkhar, in which Laitnongrim beat Wahramkhar 3-2
On behalf of the Lease Holders Association, MD Zakaria gave a speech and expressed his satisfaction to see that many works have been done by the MLA within the Cantonment Board.
They saw how the ksaieri ryndia was produced from the insects using solar panels.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CORP) under the banner of COMSO today started implementing the ILP by searching and expelling foreigners and illegal immigrants. I don't know if you're a Bangladeshi.
Hek won the MLA elections in 1998, 2003 and 2008 from the BJP, but joined the Congress party and in 2013 he contested on the Congress ticket and won. The MLA election will be held in the same constituency.
Amount.
Shillong, Nailur 18: The ceremony of honoring 75 soldiers of the Assam Regimental Center on the 17th of this month at the Parade Ground of the Assam Regimental Centre.
Meanwhile, 21,833 thousand out of 27,374 thousand students from 251 schools passed the HSSLC examination held at 105 centres.
Transport Subsidy353.42331.03215.57Nil900.02830Capital Investment Subsidy45.4543.5586.1Nil175.1153Central Interest Subsidy25.4916.4413.7Nil55.Nhen29Con435InilNil3 Schemes for NER0.05NilNil0.050.05TOTAL428.41391.02315.37Nil1134.81040.9 Union Minister of Commerce and Industry, Anand Sharma in the Lok Sabha today.
“This area already has various departments and offices and has the criteria to be upgraded to a Civil Sub Division,” said KSU President Forwardman Nongrem.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: Meghalaya has won the election and it can be said that even if there is still one person left to receive the report.
UDP Mawlai Candidate, Bah Embhah Syiemlieh while speaking at a meeting of all the office bearers of various units of the party in Mawlai constituency on 18th July, 2013 at Mawlaidatbaki. “If the three mawbyrsiew work together, there will be no obstacles or obstacles to reach the goal of a glorious victory for the party in the upcoming elections,” he said.
B Shakhwa, one of the office bearers of the party, admitted that they have witnesses with the party to prove this illegal act. Today, they have ordered the closure of these illegal quarries.
This will be the first time for 10 ration shops in East Khasi Hills District and later in all other districts in the state.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The United Democratic Party (UDP) today met with the Minister of Law and Justice, Ampareen Lyngdoh to submit eight recommendations on the review of the Reservation Policy.
On this occasion, the soldiers who fought for the liberation of Bangladesh in 1971 from Meghalaya, Bolen Chandra Roy, Michael Muthiang, Edward, were also honoured. K.The meeting was held at Dawki today in the presence of soldiers and civilians from both the countries. DIG Jowai Sandeep Roa said that the country's economy is experiencing a slowdown.
He briefed on the measures taken to improve the oxygen supply as well as the progress of the vaccination campaign.
The Minister said that every school should have a playground and should have a teacher in terms of physical education in Upper Primary Schools. the minister shall not be allowed to enter the House.
Donal V Thabah General Secretary of the KSU said that they had come to meet the Chief Minister but they could not meet him because the Chief Minister is already in trouble. meet again when you are strong.
“In the past five years, Meghalaya has been one of the leaders in the implementation of schemes funded by the Central Government.
Jowai, June 03: Leading leaders of Narpuh Elaka, Doloi, MDC Bah D. Pohshna, Rangbah Shnong Umkiang and other prominent leaders of the Elaka have met with the DC of Narpuh Elaka. The East Jaintia Hills District has given him only 10 days to repair the NH-44 from Sonapyrdi to Malidor.
The landslide occurred on the Shillong-Dawki road and the landslide on the Ryngain road. The landslide occurred more frequently due to the landslide. there was nothing wrong with it.
The meeting decided to convene the fourth Ri Dorbar which will be arranged by the Hima Khyriem to discuss in more detail this issue.
The attempt by the Indian Air Force (IAF) to cross the border outside the border of the residential area has angered the residents of Khliehshnong, Rngi Shyllong, which still falls under the Nongkrem Constituency.
Shillong, July 08: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has congratulated all the people of Bri U Hynniewtrep for their support to the curfew called by NESO and KSU today 8th July. 2019.
HNYF East Khasi Hills Leader Stiev Khyriem said that there are about 27 vacancies in Shillong and among these vacancies there are many posts for Khasi youth. .
Heaven and earth shall be filled with the unthankful.
The road has been flooded in Wahingdoh Block-5 due to the late nights and the water has risen and flowed into the road and similar flooding has also happened in Lower Lachumier where the road has been flooded.
He expressed his regret that in October, the party had already sent a letter of reminder to the government to issue a notice.
Regarding food, the government will provide them through the volunteers of the village.
to take part in all 5 competitions.
New Delhi, Naitung 01: The Union Minister of State for Chemicals and Fertilizers and Parliamentary Affairs, Ananthkumar today told reporters that the tax on fertilizers for farmers has been reduced from Rs. 12% to 5%, this decision has been taken for the benefit of the farmers, said the Union Minister.
Jowai, March 05 : The Khasi Students Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District Unit (KSU) has expressed its concern over the lack of cooperation of all the drivers passing through the National Highway. 6 in East Jaintia Hills District, who did not respect the request of the union, which has requested to stop the traffic in the evening from 7 pm to 5 pm.
The statement of the Commissioner and Secretary to the Home Ministry is unacceptable to say that peace talks cannot be called for.
Two students and one teacher from each State and UT and the winners of Kala Utsavki were invited specially to the programme.
Shillong, July 18: On the occasion of the Army Day 2019, the Army held an exhibition of its weapons and at the same time explained to those who attended the exhibition the benefits of employment. get a job by joining the army.
Mawtamur, Naiwieng 23: While the talks between the Meghalaya and Assam governments to settle the border between the two states, the Assam government has sent forest officials to clean up and build a road in Nongwah- Mawtamur is located in Ri Bhoi District.
Meanwhile, the NPP party, which led the government, has decided to bring in Bah Dasakhiatbha Lamare MLA of Mawhati from Ri Bhoi District by replacing Bah Comingone Ymbon.
The Meghalaya government has been closely monitoring the incident in Israel and will provide assistance as necessary for the pilgrims.
However, no matter how much, who, what they have achieved in the past few hours, now we need to think together about the aspirations of the country.
Shillong, July 17: The Hill Farmers Union (HFU) today decided to stand firmly against the kilo cut in the market.
She said that next year 50 more MBBS seats will be added to the university and thus there will be 100 MBBS students. Last year, the allocation was Rs 489 crore and this year, the allocation is Rs 528 crore.
The party does not have the name but these three provisions should be included in the law that the government will pass.
From, Commandant Syiemlieh, Vice president, KSU Phodkroh Unit.
We are protesting not because we hate these religions, these ethnic groups in our state, but we are protesting against the government's orders and injustice.
The members of these families were taken to MCH Hospital, Jowai by their relatives for treatment.
Shillong, July 02: The Executive Committee (EC) of the Hill Farmers Union (HFU) has decided to hold a public meeting on the kilo cut on the 8th of this month at 10.30 am. mystep in Mawkhar Council Hall.
John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MSPB, said that it is on this basis that the NEC and the State Government have allocated the Mairang-Nongkhlaw-Ranigodown-Azra road at a cost of Rs. Rs 7.35 Crore.
This book is a book of poetry and when translated into Khasi it is “The Dance of the Spirit”.
Regarding this working group, the MLA urged them to develop it.
Therefore, SARTHAQ looks closely at the nature and goal of the policy and is prepared to implement it in various sectors.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: U Bah Process T Sawkmie MLA of Mawlai on Saturday inaugurated the Solicom Valley Park Resort at Mawlai Mawongrim in the presence of the public. from tourist attractions.
The five-day Budget Session of the State Legislative Assembly will start on the 16th of this month and end on the 27th of this month.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: East Garo Hills Police together with SWAT teams raided the residence of the C-In-C of the United Achick Liberation Front (UNF) at 5.15 pm today. Army (UALA) is located in East Garo Hills.
The Seng urges the students to have a responsibility for the country and the nation.
Furthermore, the export of sohniamtrasha to the Middle East has encouraged farmers to cultivate more of this sohniamtrasha.
It is learned that many of the people who come from abroad to buy jhur now go to the villages to buy jhur and this has made it easier for the people to buy jhur. and he came to sell in the market, said one of the elders.
If there is anything to be done, the government can set up a special investigation team, but as of now, the investigators are still doing the work.
However, the District Administration has not sent any assistance especially food to these people.
The main demand is that the Chief Minister should order the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh to step down as the Minister of Home Affairs. The roads and the roads are not covered by the crowd.
Regarding the payment of the MTDC, Bah Lyngdoh said that Bah Shylla has deposited Rs 4 crore by check and if it cannot be completed on time, The government has decided to take this money.
Also present on the occasion was the MLA of Jowai, Bah Wailad Shylla.
Mawlasnai, June 02: Leaders of the Congress party today visited Malasnai Market, Ri Bhoi District to campaign for the election for the party candidate Bah Vincent H Pala.
At the same time, the Minister said that if the rebel groups do not stop their violent activities, it will be difficult to talk peace.
As it is now, this policy has benefited the Garo people.
The Government of India through the Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment has launched the Accessible India Campaign in 2015 with the main objective of making government buildings or government offices as well as their homes accessible. private individuals and the public should be able to make it easier for people with disabilities to reach their destination.
The KSU has constructed this garbage dump as part of the cleanliness of the village so that the residents of the village will not break the garbage.
Valparai is 104 km from Coimbatore Railway Station and Kadaikunal is also 100 km away.
Surprisingly, according to the information received, in other schools which have been promoted in other districts of the State, up to four teachers have been appointed in each school since Last year, those in Khasi Hills and Garo Hills while in Jaintia Hills, these schools were closed.
Speaking to media after the inauguration ceremony of the new office bearers of the Hynniewtrep Youths Council (HYC), Bah Robert June Kharjahrin said, “If the leaders of the political parties When asked, he said, “In my life, I am more attached to the Regional Parties and when we think of the Regional Parties, the UDP and the HSPDP are long standing political parties who have received the love and trust of the people and who have made a great contribution to the Bri u Hynniewtrep and the state as a whole.
The Prime Minister alleged that Dr Mukul Sangma has his own plans regarding the coal mining industry and there is nothing for the people.
The KSU JHDU (Streamly S Niangti) has expressed its regret over the government's failure to repair this road.
At this meeting, the President Rangbah of the KSU urged the Village Authorities to be vigilant against the silence of the Central Government to implement the ILP in the State. As a nation we will have to implement our own ILP if the central government delays in granting the wishes of the people of Bri Hynniewtrep.
Brigadier VC Sarmah, Sena Medal, Military Training Directorate (BSCC) who is prominent in the field of sports, came personally to conduct the selection of the youth to be admitted to the training centre. Doctor Lieutenant Colonel V Upadhaya, who is the doctor appointed to look after the youth in the sports training centres, was the leader of the sports training centres.
it means that you don't feel it; it's a short word of the heart.
This will remind us from time to time how these three men fought for the liberation of this country.
Basumatary, as President of the Panbari Banana Growers' Society, has implemented various schemes and started growing bananas, sohniamta and sohtrun which has turned into a successful business.
Police of the Anti Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) of East Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday at about 6:00 pm seized 1.017 kilograms of Amphetamine (Crystal Meth) worth Rs. T.1.15 crore per kilo in the illegal market.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the government wants the people to get clarity on this issue by appointing an independent inquiry team to find out. and the light shall not be darkness.
Meanwhile, the Deputy Commissioner of South West Garo Hills, Bah Cyril VD Diengdoh and officers in the district conducted a cleanliness drive as part of the celebration of Independence Day.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: Synod School has won the Choir Competition organized by Seven Setc School as part of its 50th Anniversary.
Morning yoga will also be held online.
Tembe said that the sportsmen have a strong sense of humor and happiness no matter what happens.
On the other hand, NPP leader James K Sangma said that the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma should take responsibility for the emergence of such insurgents in Garo Hills.
Jowai, Naitung 23: The JSU&JYF, after receiving a complaint from the family members of a child employee and a school teacher in Jowai, have expressed their disappointment. The 9-year-old maid of the household, a 9-year-old teacher, has been beaten and injured until she has lost her body.
The Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, which includes the Chiefs, Sirdarships and Dolloi of the Federation of Khasi States, invites all the chiefs from Village, Raid to Hima, including the Sordar, Rangbah Shnong, Ministers, Village Officers, Elders, Women, Youth, Women and Men, Bhalang Officers.
It has a runway of 2300 m, and therefore this airport is suitable for flying in any weather conditions during the daylight hours.
He said that in the fight, he sustained injuries to his hands and body and also his clothes were torn.
The death toll has risen to two, one in East Khasi Hills, one Kerdimland Shangdiar, 65, of Nongmynsong Umkdait, who collapsed at home and was pronounced dead at his home. Pradeep Dhar, 57, of Tura Hospital, died at Tura Christian Hospital.
Shillong, July 02: A delegation of the Mawlai Town Dorbar led by the Speaker, Bah SD Khongwir today met with the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne regarding the market. The District Council wants to build a house in Mawlai.
On the other hand, the KSU South West Khasi Hills District in a statement sent by this youth strongly condemns the district authorities of South West Khasi Hills District for ignoring the report and demand of the KSU to remove all the suspects. The DC's office has sought land to set up a military base in Mawkyrwat, South West Khasi Hills District.
The Minister said that the contractor has just handed over the hospital to the government on 08th October
Washington: Group of Seven (G7) leaders have prepared a report expressing their concern over China's trade aggression. and the global economy.
One of the places where Patel could not implement his policies was in Kashmir, and as a result to this day this place is in the midst of protests.
At the same time, he said that many of the elected MLAs who should have been elected ministers have won many times and they want to see that they should be in the government.
New Delhi, Naiwieng 14: UAK Srivastava, Chief Commissioner, Meghalaya today inaugurated the 37th Meghalaya Pavilion of the India International Trade Fair (IITF) 2017 held at Pragati Maidan, Meghalaya. in New Delhi.
Therefore, the Seng urges the Government to look after equally all the refugees who have suffered tragic incidents, not to turn away and give assistance only to those who are more prominent.
One of the women who came to take part in the protest said that the price of jhur has increased too much but this does not reach the farmers because when they go to the market to pay for the price of jhur. The price increase is too much, he urged the people to think carefully about this.
In India, uranium has been mined directly from the lands of the Adivasis, the smallest and most backward ethnic groups in Jharkhand and Andhra Pradesh.
Speaking to reporters, Bah ED Nongsiang Secretary of KJDSTA, said that the mistake in the new school books is due to the negligence of the MBOSE. Read carefully before publishing books that contain many spelling errors.
The total number of samples sent was 88936, 85924 were tested negative and 671 results were pending.
Besides, the BSF troops who allegedly robbed the Khasi youths also damaged two vehicles carrying these Khasi youths.
On the occasion, Ms Roshan also announced that the government has allocated T.1.57 crore for the construction of the school and at the same time she said that the MLA scheme will also strive to help develop this training centre.
The kidnappers phoned the owner of the truck number AS01-DC-6578 carrying nor jot worth T.2, 70,000/- and the kidnappers demanded T.80,000/- - to release them from Arun Kumar Jamatia and Monirul Islam.
Shillong, November 13: The mid-term MDC elections held today went smoothly without any incident in all nine constituencies. The vote of the DC(A) is 63.14 per cent, said Tinning Dkhar, Secretary of the DC(A).
“I have raised a question before the GHADC on this rule of the law that does not allow me to collect money from a coal truck on this road, because the documents I have have been issued by the GHADC,” he said. said Zenith.
If it is accepted in the public media such as All India Radio and Khasi newspapers, then there is no difference in using it in the highest positions such as in the salonsari or in the Legislative Assembly or in society in general.
The Seng hopes for the best and expects the government to look into it.
In the second part of the e-symposium on 'Opportunities for the North East', Prof Keya Sengupta, Center Coordinator said that this challenge should be turned into an opportunity. gold, “and explore opportunities through dialogue with leaders, entrepreneurs, customers and other stakeholders in order to generate new tourism businesses, and take the insights from these dialogues to the DoNER and NEC, Shillong to introduce new initiatives to open up tourism to play a greater role in the development of the North East.
The construction of the shops is like small roadside shops and the construction is made of wood along the Bivar Road and no one knows who built these shops in this area.
Delivery of equipment without indicating whether these items are important or not will be allowed.
“We will meet with the authorities in charge of the Residential School to seek clarification on the inability to implement the Residential School so far,” said the union.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HANM) today submitted a petition to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong and Minister of Home Affairs Lahkmen Rymbui. The petition is to demand that the Meghalaya government should change the announcement of the Assam government that Block I and Block II have been transferred to Mikir in
The State and UT Governments have now been empowered to allow such gatherings with a maximum of 100 people outside the Containment Zones after 15th March, 2020, in accordance with these rules.
The money was charged this week at an interest rate of 4.4315%.
This may be because the Khasi have Hynniew Kur and they are Sakma.
“All the people are now very angry with the condition of the NH-6
It was in 1992 while serving in the 8 Division of the Assam Regiment as the commander of this unit that he received the order to conduct the Blue Star Operation in Punjab.
“East Khasi Hills is one of the 7 (seven) districts of the State of Meghalaya.
Four bags of heroin worth T.25 lakh, a Scooty and two phones were seized from them. Police are following up. and they were able to arrest them in due time.
Such a flood happened 45 years ago.
When contacted by SP News Agency, some of those who applied for the final results without naming them said that NEHU has released the results of B.SC Sixth Semester but it has been removed from the website. don't worry about the children.
The people of the area have extended their special greetings to their friends and neighbors to wish them a Merry Christmas at this time when they are not Christians to commemorate the birth of Jesus Christ. .
The Summit provides a unique opportunity for TV and radio broadcasters in Asia to discuss software and hardware needs.
The Seng has demanded that the government should provide the necessary facilities to the Veterinary Hospital as soon as possible, so that the residents of this area can get full services.
During the investigation, the foreigners confessed that they came to buy the drugs from the hands of Marvinson Jyrwa and from the body of these four persons, money up to T. 26013 /-However, the drugs were not found and only the golden tins were found because they were broken in the yard of Kong Icybon.
On the other hand, the EM promised that no action will be taken on this.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: U Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, President of the Voice of the People's Party (VPP) and MLA Nongkrem Constituency on Tuesday decided to continue the strike until the government issues a statement. Notice that an Expert Committee has been set up to review the State Reservation Policy.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek today inaugurated the biennial meeting of the Nurse Students Association. Nurses’ Association of India (TNAI).
The Symbut Myntri Rangbah said that the reason for taking this decision is that the health and happiness of the people is more important and this was expressed by the religious leaders who attended the meeting. Therefore, the government has decided to close down the places of worship and will convene another meeting on the first day of November.
The North East has wildlife sanctuaries such as the Kaziranga National Park which is famous for its wildlife.
The registration of returnees will end this month.
The remains were handed over to the Wildlife Department.
The Minister of State for Home Affairs, Nirmala Sitharman, has congratulated the Army, the DRDO and the team involved in the construction of the missile in the country. India in higher positions.
“There are many things we cannot learn from this area, it has strong traditions and it has many natural resources.
Teinwell Dkhar, Neilantonio War, Donkupar Sumer from the UDP, NPP and CEM will be elected as EMs. Jansing M Tynsong, Blanding Warjri and Manstudy Nongrem from the HSPDP will be appointed. The exact information will be released after the approval of the Governor.
The area is currently being conducted a thorough search operation to track down the suspects.
For example, if Khasi-Jaiñtia cannot fill 50% of the vacancies, these remaining vacancies should not be carried as an Extra Percentage in the next vacancies.
At this public meeting, Bah Ardent said he feels that the government is trying to mislead the people regarding the Inner Line Permit and the Citizenship Amendment Act.
This was announced by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
After the country gained independence from foreign rule, there was hope from the leaders of the Seng Khasi to receive more assistance.
There is also the Umsherpi River in Shillong and there is an old bridge known as the Umsherpi Bridge where unknown people have turned it into a dumping ground.
The committee should complete this task within two days.
The road is currently running only on the Shillong-Guwahati highway which is the main road for the delivery of food and beverages. Meghalaya is not allowed to enter.
Shillong, July 11: Answering a question by Bah Paul Lyngdoh regarding the lack of street lights in Shillong, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, said: The total number of street lights in Shillong has reached
The students of the college, accompanied by the leaders of the NEHUSU, in a meeting with the Principal of the College, Br.
Furthermore, India has become a member of the Western Quad which means the partnership with Israel, the US and the UAE (IIUU).
He reminded that women should reach the age of 18 and men 21 years of age in marriage.
The Lord God the Creator will judge righteously all this incident and will not leave him in the wrong path but will lead it with a pure testimony of Righteousness and Truth.
Therefore, the people of the state expect different and better things from the new CM.
The Community Gym will be located as there are no gym equipment in every village and these will be discussed with the sports clubs of those villages to find a house and place to install them.
“Until 2013 or in the last 70 years, there were about 4 crore people who paid Direct Tax.
The CEC has also decided that all the programs of the circles and units will continue under the supervision of the Cartekar Body and not the President and Genl.
The competition was one of the events held at Mawphlang in 2015 at the Indeginious TerraMandre (ITM) which was attended by many countries from all over the world. The world has come to take part and this is a commemoration of that day.
In his condolence speech, the Chief Minister named all those who have passed away from different states of India. From this state, Bah HS Shylla, Bah Simon Siangshai, including the President Pranab Mukherjee and others.
Shillong, November 28: Many of the ATMs in Shillong have only 2000 notes and 5000 notes have not been received even though they have tried. This shortage of ATMs has put many people in difficulty in going to the market to pay for their money because many of the shops in the city have not opened. There is a PoS machine to accept purchases using ATM cards.
The names of the winners according to their constituencies are as follows: 1- Jirang Victor Rani INC, 11382.2- Nongpoh Rona Khyndeit UDP, 9806.3-Mawhati Jamses Sylliang Ind, Arbinus Lyngdoh INC, 6081.
Speaking on the occasion, the Deputy Commissioner urged the women officers especially those in South West Khasi Hills to participate in the protection of women from violence. The committee will also hold meetings in various villages to explain the purpose of the committee.
The meeting was attended by Kong H. Lato, District Forest Officer, IFS, Social Forestry Division, East Khasi Hills Sohra Range, Pa'iem Marremdor Syiem, Paiem Khynnah of Sohra Hima, officers, Ministers. Hima, Village Leaders of Mawrah, Swer, School Children and Teachers along with the villagers.
The candidates for the KHADC constituency are Ryngkat Lyndem from Langkyrdem, Lutphar Dkhar from Nongskhe, Philemon Kharmyndai from Sohiong Nongspung, Cris Kharsati from Sohryngkham and Antonio War from Sohryngkham. Malki Laitumkhrah, Nasar Marwein from Langrin and Anvil Lyngdoh from Mawkyrwat.
Conrad congratulated the Union Minister in charge of DoNER Dr Jitendra Singh for this scheme. it has fulfilled the desire of the people.
When asked whether he will request the Government to hand over the proposed railway project from Shillong and Byrnihat to Baghmara, Rakkam said, “If so, I will request the Railway Department to the Government of India, the Government of Meghalaya to connect Baghmara with the Guwahati railway.
Regarding the branch manager of SBI Khliehriat, it was found that he did not violate the rules of the government. I'm going to Meghalaya.
Assam's Shiva Thapa, who has won seven medals at the Asian Championships, won 5-0 in the light welterweight category 60-63.5kg. Harivansh Tawari of Maharashtra.
The district has three trading posts, Borsora, Bagli and Sharagaon.
“In fact, within the Council, this department should be strong, but the surprising thing is that it doesn't exist within the Council and it is on this basis that the Union has demanded from the Council. The second issue demanded by the CEM and his EC is “to create strong laws and regulations to protect the waters and rivers”.
He said the NPP and the BJP are the same.
However, if there is no such law, if the Chief Minister is released, this law will not be useful.
On the other hand, the General Secretary of the Kur, Bah Gilbert G Kharraswai, said that many issues were discussed at this meeting. There was also a warning to the children of the family by the elder brother of the family, Bah Kwuishon from Pyndensohsaw.
The HYC has found more than 800 shops which have not been closed and what the HYC is surprised is that there are only 518 shops without license.
Police have registered a case under Sections 419/420/511/364A/384/340/34 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and the investigation is ongoing.
The Superintendent Engineer of Ri Bhoi Distribution Circle, Kong A.Majaw and Iaishah Rymbai, told reporters that the residents of the village have met with the Superintendent Engineer of Ri Bhoi Distribution Circle. She said that it has been almost six months since the residents of the village have faced many problems and difficulties in their work especially for the school children who have to prepare their papers.
Shillong, June 12: Police of Lumshong in East Jaintia Hills District have recovered the body of a woman from Thanglaba.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, CEM KHADC, Bah Pynshngain, praised the hard work of Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh MDC Mawkynrew Constituency. Not only for the safety of Mawkynrew Constituency but especially for the sake of the country and the nation as a whole.
Speaking to reporters after handing over his resignation letter, he thanked God for his victory as MP to the Lok Sabha and a special thanks to the people of Lok Sabha. Garo Hills MP. He said that as an MP to the Lok Sabha, he said he would not speak on two issues that have already been decided by the Legislative Assembly. to demand the Inner Line Permit and to include the Garo and Khasi languages ​​in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
When asked, he said that there is no proposal from the Government to withdraw the land that the farmers have taken.
There have been 24 recoveries from the disease today, the total number of tests conducted in the state has risen to 96170, the total number of recoveries has risen to 94035, the death toll has risen to The total number of cases has risen to 1613 so far.
Franky Nongbri came second with a cash prize of Rs 15,000 and Tia Vanezza Kurbah came third with a cash prize and cash prize of Rs 5,0
Those who oppose are only a few followers of Sylloklang Majaw who are the pillars of development in Kongthong,” said Bah Kanol.
At present, the colleges are only in Shillong and Tura.
“The partnership with the Government of Meghalaya, SBI Foundation and IIBF to support early childhood development in Meghalaya is something. Sesame Workshop India.
After the arrest of these suspected drug traffickers and drug users, the members of the union informed the police to take the necessary action and also to confiscate the items that the union had seized from these people.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: The Minister of Urban Affairs, Ampareen Lyngdoh, former Minister of Education, today said that she has nothing to do with the the accusation against her.
Not only that, during these 120 years we have lost many lives because of the border, as to remind that on 14th June 2010 we lost four elders in Langpih area who knew Columbus Hoojon, Denish Nongsiej, Ekros Rani and Charles Lyngkhoi were shot dead by the Assam Police.
Shillong, November 11: The Nongkhnum Festival Organizing Committee (KFF) has announced that it will hold a festival called “Kirong ka Nongkhum”. .
Antibodies are proteins in the blood that help a person fight off germs in the body.
Therefore, the AJYWO demands that the JHADC should think carefully and also that it should act strictly in accordance with the rules and regulations of the JHADC. 2011 and the Rules-2015, before issuing a Trading Licence.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Bah Shylla said that their proposal is to have all the ethnic parties not only the UDP and HSPDP, KHNAM. The PDF should be called and worked together, because this is the time for the ethnic parties to get the golden opportunity to rule in the state where the BJP has not yet suhthied. and the people have rejected the Congress party.
Those who tested positive for Covid-19 today are from East Garo Hills, 34 from East Jaintia Hills, 106 from East Khasi Hills, 8 from Ri Bhoi, 2 from South West Garo Hills, 6 from West Garo Hills and
On the other hand, Samla Shaniah Dkhar said, “We urge the Government to expedite the construction of the Entry and Exit Point so that the project to curb the influx of mynder can start immediately”.
He said that he has worked as a party leader in the past years and now he wants to serve the people of Nongkrem Constituency.
From time to time, farmers raise niangryndia not only to eat and sell its meat but also its meat.
Our aim is to expand this program over time.
It is to be recalled that since the collapse of the Moowakhu Substation on 31.06.17 in Dkhiah West.
Sohra, July 21: U Bah John Kharshiing, as the leader of the Khasi people, has visited the Hima to explain to the public on this issue. country will be held on the 13th of June this year.
Shillong, Nailur 16: The Hynniewtrep Border Dispute Resolution Forum (HBDRF) led by Bah C Syngoh Shnongknor and Kong P Phawa Secretary today submitted a letter to the Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). Teinwell Dkhar to ask him for the names of the villages on the border with Assam.
Silchar Nailar
“The Community Gym will have sports equipment in every village and the union will talk to the Sports Clubs of the villages to find a house and place to put the sports equipment,” said the union.
The Chairman of MTDC told SP News Agency that all the hotels in Shillong have only 1600 beds which has created difficulties for the tourists to find accommodation.
On the part of the Chief Justice of the High Court of Meghalaya, Justice Ajay Kumar Mittal, he congratulated the Meghalaya State Judicial Academy for organizing this special meeting to understand the issue.
The meeting was conducted by Bah SS Rynjah Secretary of the party in the presence of many elders.
Because the government has not yet allowed the entry and exit of people in the state, but there are still residents who have to travel abroad for unavoidable reasons, the government has appointed The DTO East Khasi Hills (M) 8787561584, the DTO Tura (M) 7005531765 and the MVI Shillong (M)
The other two are BSF and Air Force.
This is done by bringing traditional medicine forward within it with the aim of building scientifically proven healthcare systems to improve the lives of people, have strong bodies and minds that Sarbananda Sonowal said.
You don't have to apply for a car pass.
U-23 Men Best Batter – Hem Bahadur Chetri (Nagaland), Best Bowler – Manish Sharma (Meghalaya),Best Wicketkeeper – Afzal Hussain Choudhary (Nagaland).
He said that ICAR has done a lot of work in the field of agriculture since its inception and so far it has been able to improve the farmland in 32 places in the area.
The Minister said that the opening of the current district is based on the need for jobs. He asked how many people have looked at the statistics and it appears that West Khasi Hills District is the district that remains. day after.
On the other hand, the CORP expresses its surprise that the trucks carrying rynga can reach the factory without the involvement of the forest officers. to avoid.
In the petition signed by the President, Samla J.Lajong said that the presence of the BSF checkpoint has encouraged the people living on the border especially the women and children who pass through the checkpoint. .
The Organizing Secretary of the Indigenous Faith and Cultural Society, Bah A Dohling, said that as the leader, he has selected the Khasi Mawphlang to take part in the performance.
These four medals have been replaced by the old medals such as the Home Guards and Civil Defense Medal and the Police Medal etc.: MPCC President Vincent H. Pala, MP from Shillong, said that it is surprising that the Congress has taught the BJP on the freedom of movement. meaning Blei.
The collapse of the school building was caused by people who had gone to watch a football match at the William A Sangma Memorial Stadium.
“This step is essential to transform India into a global program production hub,” he said.
The ICARE meeting was held from 10.30 am to 12.30 pm.
However, when they reached the middle of the road, they cut off the driver's neck until he died and took away the vehicle. This happened in the forest of Chichra Reserve, NH-62 in East Garo Hills.
During the inspection, it was found that the Labor Room is not safe due to the heat and water shortage, which can also affect the health of the women who come to give birth in the labour room. PHC, besides the accommodation of Doctors, Chowkidar employees, is not adequate and suitable for accommodation.
Police have also taken the Khasi youth to the court to request the court to remand him in custody for further investigation but only on the next day, 13th June they let him go because they couldn’t find any evidence against him.
She said that through the photographs displayed in the exhibition, the students learn about the unknown heroes of the North East who contributed to the independence of the country.
Other decisions taken by the Cabinet today include the Meghalaya State Direct Selling Guideline to protect people from being fraudulently purchased online.
On the allegation by the Congress that the actions of COMSO are illegal, the Minister said that while there is no action taken against the COMSO, the government wants to ensure peace and stability in the state. law in hand they have to look to say it is illegal or not illegal they have to look at it from all angles.
And also for the safety of the health of the students.
He was pleased to announce the launch of the Ayushman Bharat Digital Mission in November
Shillong, July 11: U Derek O'Brien MP of the Rajya Sabha of the AITC today alleged that all the parties in Meghalaya including the Congress party have worked with BP, which the TMC has rejected. you shall not be able to participate.
Other districts include West Khasi Hills 3, East Jaintia Hills 14, West Jaintia Hills 10, Ri Bhoi 50, West Garo Hills 16, South West Garo Hills 4, South Garo Hills 2, North Garo Hills 2 and East Garo Hills
On the 21st of this month, the Central Government has sent T.158 crore to the Ministry of Education for the SSA teachers. The DMC has already sent this money to the DMC and in the coming days the DMC will send it to the Managing Committee to pay the salaries of the SSA teachers. Lakmen said that this is not easy to do because the government will need more than T252 crore to achieve this. required under supervision.
The union also said that it will hold a job fair in East Jaintia Hills where these factories will have to employ the youth of the area in collaboration with the district authorities if possible.
Shillong, November 06: The Congress party has decided to contest Bah Auguster Jyrwa as the party's MDC candidate from Jaiaw Constituency for the 2019 MDC elections.
He talked about LIFE; P3 – Pro Planet People Movement – ​​for the environment and India's net zero target before
Shillong Lajong Juniors have played well since the beginning of the tournament and are the only unbeaten team out of the 55 teams that have come to take part and have scored 23 goals in these matches. and has scored only 3 goals in all matches.
Shillong, Nailar 12: Meghalaya Police on Tuesday night arrested four persons for breaking into the residence of the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma at Goodwood Bungalow.
Explaining the Indian Space Policy 2023, Kant said the policy was announced this month with the aim of enabling private companies to participate in India's space activities.
Shillong, Naitung 29: The Meghalaya Youth Foundation in collaboration with the Mission Trust, Bawri Netharalaya, Shillong and the NSS Unit of Holy Child HS School, Demthring, has conducted a free eye treatment at Mawber village.
The completion of this road in October 2017 will also be at Lad Mawreng.
The party from the leaders of the party will take part and urges the members of the party to join hands by coming in order on 05th June 2017 from 11:00 pm at Dorbah Hall Jaiaw Shyiap to Shillong, Jymmang 05: A meeting was held today between the land owners, members of the Coordinating Committee on International Border (CCIB) and the leaders of the KHNAM. KSU, HNYF, Sirdars and Rangbah Shnongs together with CEM of KHADC Bah PN Syiem to discuss the border crossing with Bangladesh from Nongjri to Umngot River.
The Presbyterian Church in Nongsawlia, built in 1846 by Thomas Jones, is one of the oldest churches in the North East.
This tutorial is for those who are interested in growing flowers to understand how to prepare when planting flowers.
On the following day, police arrested Praiting D Sangma and another 7-year-old boy surrendered to the police.
New Delhi, November 22: The Covid-19 pandemic continues to affect health and economy around the world.
Among the presidential candidates who came to meet the MLAs of Meghalaya, Draupadi Murmu, who was appointed by the NDA government led by her, came to meet the MLAs of Meghalaya to seek their support. .
With very little technical knowledge, he garnered attention for his outstanding abilities, leading to an invitation from the Meghalaya Gymnastics Association to join their ranks for advanced training.
Shillong, November 22: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today sent a message to the civil society groups who are fighting for the ILP to be implemented in the state. They are ready to talk to them on the influx of foreigners in the state and a date has been fixed for them to talk on the 15th of July next year.
Robert K Jahrin, president of the ANVC-B, said that the ANVC-B has its own share in Garo, not Khasi, and if they get a place to live, they can do whatever they want. part of the inhabitants are Garo but these are only residents and not villagers and Garo cannot become villagers within Khasi.
They stated that to date they have only; 5 Beat House; and 36 Ops; who look after and supervise about 3600 villages throughout the country, and about only; 6 Beat House; and about 30 OPPs; who look after 3000 villages in the hills.
At the meeting, the Chief Minister also urged to make Umroi Airport a landing ground for A-320 aircraft. He said that the NEC has already allocated T.178.38 crore for the purpose. There are problems and those problems are in the extension of the runway because there are trees, houses and hills. These problems have been mentioned by the Airport Authority of the country. India.
Jowai, Naiwieng 06: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) Sengkmie has said that it has not been able to watch or listen to what has happened in Jaintia Hills in the past few days.
Before the ceremony, there was a prayer at Madan Weiking.
Ong further said in a statement.
The KHADC will talk to the government through the Law Department to approve the Bill.
There are those who have stood in line but because they don't have the money to pay, they have to go back for the annual test because they don't have the money to pay. know how much it costs because the annual test fees have not been increased.
Shillong, June 25: The High Level Committee (HLC) on the Mawlong Market Area under the chairmanship of the Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong today met with the Harijan leaders. Colony to work out how to evacuate them from the area.
The meeting was attended by editors, publishers and owners of newspapers, magazines, news channels and online media from the state.
The winners of the singles category were JP Singh, Hiandor Lyngdoh, Dipak Thapa and Dipak Thapa.
Shillong, Naitung 02: The All Meghalaya Karate-Do Association (AMKDA) in collaboration with the Sports Department of the State Government will hold the 25th Inter School Karate Tournament 2017 at the Polo Ground, Shillong. to be held for two days on the 4th and 5th of July,
The withdrawal of the Congress MDCs from the PDF is on the orders of the MPCC as stated in a letter sent by the Congress leader in KHADC, Bah Manstudy Nongrem, who is also the Chairman of the House.
When asked, he said that what is in the Blue Print of the Government will be discussed at the meeting.
Mission LiFE is designed to introduce programs to encourage people to adopt a 'Reduce, Reuse and Recycle' lifestyle.
They encouraged participation in this program in order to increase awareness of the water supply industry in their city.
Police hope that with the arrest of this one robber, they will be able to arrest others involved in this murder.
According to sources, the reason for his arrest was the refusal of Mowluber to build an SSA school in the village which has been going on for some time now.
Regarding this, the Superintendent of Police has ordered the HYC members to take them to Mawngap Police station.
In another incident, Bah Elegant Kharmuti, 50, was injured when his vehicle overturned while he was on his way from Byrnihat to Shillong.
“If these things continue, we will not hesitate to take other measures, we will not stop or listen to the actions of the Election Department of the state under the leadership of P Naik,” said Daniel Khyriem.
In her speech, the President of the Club expressed her gratitude to the members of the Club who have been able to send these items to the people in need without using the funds. club money.
Shillong, June 15: While journalists were returning from Wahswad village in Raidtynring Ri Bhoi District, they were blocked in front of the village by the residents of Wahswad village. near the building of the village.
I am pleased to see that there is a big role in education and skills development for these brothers and sisters of ours. Every constituency in Meghalaya should ensure that they are involved in this work. good to empower different people in the society who have these physical disabilities.
Shillong, November 19: The Executive Committee of the Union of Rangbah Kur (URS) on 16th October 2019 has elected and approved the temporary members of the District Committees in all the seven districts of Bri-U Hynniewtrep. forward to the process.
All those arrested have been handed over to the law enforcement authorities for further investigation.
The issues raised by the Congress party in the Lok Sabha 2024 MP elections are equality, protection of religious freedom and minorities.
He also said that India's Deep-Sea mission will send three risha personnel to the deep sea by
: the mutka is a short word for the garden; it is the care of the plants.
Those arrested by the police said that they were carrying the petrol to fill their scooter because there was no petrol left.
With a search of the vehicle, gold was found securely hidden under the armrest of the middle seat.
This area is one of the camps of drug users and many incidents of robbery happen from time to time,” said the union.
Shillong, Iaiong 28: Two persons from East Khasi Hills District have tested positive for COVID-19 today. There are 5 cases, 3 cases from East Khasi Hills District and 2 cases from Ri Bhoi District.
The CEM called this emergency meeting to discuss the report sent by the Delimitation Committee set up by the KHADC to seek the opinion of the people regarding the preparation for the division of MDCs. Constituency.
This is an important step towards achieving the objectives of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi to ensure employment opportunities for the youth without bias and corruption.
The seven-day shooting tournament which started from 4th to 8th March 2021, was attended by shooters from Assam, Manipur, Meghalaya, Mizoram and Nagaland. side of the army.
Shillong, Lber 21: Answering a question by Dr Donkupar Roy on the government's financial situation in the last three years, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, said: He said that the budget for the year 2014-2015 is T.5055.08 crore, for the year 2015-2016, T.2838.09 crore and for the year 2016-2 at the end of this fiscal year.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Pius Marweiñ, MLA Ranikor Constituency, expressed his gratitude to the association for organizing such a tournament. They should be able to exercise so that they can have a healthy body.
New Delhi: Balvant Parekh, formerly known as India's Fevicol Man, is one of the richest men in India with a net worth of Rs 88,000 crore.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Sanjay, Secretary of the MPCC, told SP News Agency that there are only 68 presidential candidates in the AICC from Meghalaya. MPCC, while on the AICC side, there are eight candidates. The total number of candidates for the AICC elections is
The Indian Awakening Movement (Indian Awakening Movement) has been working to demand the rights of the Constitution of India but when it comes to Meghalaya it is in darkness because many of the leaders are illiterate. The union congratulates the Deputy Commissioner for giving permission to hold this rally, as the union has invited the people to attend this rally. for thou hast a burden of thy burden.
“He is the founder of the Entrance School in the state,” he said. He praised him for his vision in the field of education.
He said that many of the customs and traditions, traditional rights have been violated because of the laws passed by the Government of India and Parliament such as the Indian Registration Act 1908, the Indian Forest Act 1927, the Forest Conservation Act Act 1894, the Mines Act 1952, the Coal Mines Nationalization Act 1973, and many other Acts have put the country and the nation in great trouble, and are against the agreements as stipulated in the articles and regulations. IOA & AA, adopted and ratified between the Government of India and the Federation of Khasi States, in accordance with the provisions of the Indian Independence Act
Let us make laws not for young people to carry guns to shoot and let us not be afraid.
on April 2, 2022.
In this regard, the Meghalaya Branch in collaboration with the District Early Intervention Center and Ganeshdas Hospital today held a public awareness program on the availability of early intervention opportunities. Treatment in relation to speech impediment or mental retardation of children was held at the out Patience block of Ganeshdas Hospital.
Speech was delivered by the Rangbah Shnong who expressed his gratitude that the Shnat Executive Committee through the President and General have come to meet him and informed him that the Umrynjah Unit with the support of KSU Mawlai The Circle has a plan to build this bar as this issue has been discussed many times in the Shnong Committee.
Regarding this tortious behavior of this company, it was also discussed in the KHADC dorbar recently where this issue was raised by Bah James Sylliang and on behalf of the House. The whole committee has decided to send a team to investigate into this.
Due to the lack of space, the deployment of helicopters under the UDAN scheme has been focused on. tourism, adventure sports and income-related activities.
Bah Pynïaid said that this is one of the areas that will be taken up by the District Council which will work together not only now but every year to ensure the smooth running of the rongbiria even in other parts of the country. Khasi Hills.
KSU Bengaluru Unit today held the 3rd Meghalaya Cultural Program where the KSU Bengaluru Unit has sworn in the new office bearers of these two offices in Karnataka. Samla James Hitler Mawphniang has been confirmed as Asst.General Secretary of KSU-CEC. Bah Iada Martin Marbaniang, IPS Officer and Deputy Inspector General of Police, Bengaluru Samla Raymond Kharjana, Education Secretary, KSU-CEC was the chief guest.
Out of the 40 schools, two have been implemented by the Ministry of Education, 13 by the Water and Power Consultancy Service Ltd and 25 by the Manipur Industrial Development Corporation. Ltd, have already started working at Samanda in EGH District and Pahamsyiem in Ri Bhoi while others are in progress.
During the meeting, the Union Minister informed the Chief Minister that there has been a change that the schemes will no longer be implemented only in a few districts but will be implemented in all. District in the State of Meghalaya.
Regarding the receipt of assistance from the Prime Minister, the President of the HFU said that at present nothing can be said, because of the past. Up to 1.90 lakh people have received this assistance, while only 8967 people have received this assistance.
During the game, a phawar was also held where self-written songs on EVMs and VVPATs were sung at different places.
John Pala Secretary JYF-EJH, while speaking here, reminded the government that it should join hands with these brothers and sisters. “It's a hand of mercy to these children who are still in need of a lot of help either in their body or in their lives, not just to sleep in the knieh suki and kikew pynhiar shuki,” concluded the statement.
When the sun went down, the number of people increased and as the village leaders we reached the end of the road,” said Bah Mawlong.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Deputy Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiemu, said that the villages which have sent their applications to join the neighboring constituencies include Mawpat is a village in the Mawlai Constituency and other villages in the West Khasi Hills District.
The Khasi newspapers have adopted the English language and it is now widely accepted.
Directors Anjan Dutt (The Bong Connection), Veena Bakshi (The Coffin Maker) and Nishtha Jain (Gulabi Gang) will also be present at the screening.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Headmaster of the school, Bah Huron Y Buam, said that the school has received 100 teachers from the RMSA. Jowai Government Basic LP & UP School has been selected from among the 25 Government Schools in the State. RMSA has received assistance from Class IX & X. Since 2013, students who have passed Class IIIX to Class IX should stay at the school and should not go anywhere else. There are 36 Class IX students in this school and now there are only 30 students. 6 students who have the opportunity have gone to other schools. while these thirty people remain in darkness until now why we don't have teachers.
The organization has been involved in providing education especially to the low income classes in India for about 29 years and is now contributing to the education of young people who have completed their education. class 8th here in Meghalaya to be trained in skill development programs such as beautician, electrical house wiring and repairing, fashion designing and tailoring, hospitality and hotel management.
One of the problems faced by many people is that due to the lack of internet access they cannot register themselves to get the COVID-19 vaccine. mobile phone, said Bah Kheiñduh Dkhar Education Secretary.
The Catholic Association of Shillong has invited all the religious groups in the state to take part in this march to pray for peace in Manipur. , this incident has affected not only Manipur, but the North East, India and the world as a whole.
Shillong, Nailur 14: Replying to a question during the Zero Hours on the Coke Factory, the Minister of State for Home Affairs, James K Sangma, said that only those who Consent to Operate has been obtained to operate the coal mines.
Before launching the book, the Chairman of the MPSC, LM Sangma, in his speech, congratulated the people by saying that everyone has the right to education but only those who have the ability to learn. write can form words.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Friday celebrated the Khasi National Awakening Day at Khliehriat in front of the monument to Woh Kiang Nangbah.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: Aibahun Kharmalki, a 16-year-old girl, has gone missing from Sohryngkham village, East Khasi Hills since
Bah Hamletson Dohling said that in this age of IT, IT will be the key to speeding up the work for the people.
At this meeting, he handed over to them a copy of the papers issued by the Parliament of India on the Conditional Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement of 17 August which was received and signed by Shri C Rajagopalachari, Governor General of India.
Speaking on the situation in the region as a whole, he said that the partition of India in 1947 has brought not only the backwardness of the region but also many problems.
Regarding the allocation of land, it is also in accordance with the Land Transfer Act of the state government. She said that the members of the House have land but the government is not aware of it.
The Union Minister in charge of Road Transport and Highways, Nitin Gadkari on Tuesday said that the Union Government has allocated about T.3 lakh crore in the last 10 years for the to construct National Highways in the North Eastern States.
Shillong, Naitung 02: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) in a statement said that it has received information that some individuals and groups have misused the name of the party, the party's flag and names of former leaders of the party for their own personal gain.
This Health Care is one of the places that provides health care to the residents of the area.
He urged everyone that whatever they do should be for the development of the state and the country as a whole.
Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, he said the Meghalaya High Court has accepted the affidavit of the government.
This was stated by Samla Rutherford Lyngdoh, General Secretary, KSU Mawkyrwat Circle.
During these 15 days, the BSF has cleaned up their residences and workplaces, not only that but they have also tried to clean up the public places. This is to educate the public to understand the importance of cleanliness. .
Speaking at the meeting, the General Secretary of the HFU Central Body, Bah Alfondbirth Kharsyntiew, said that the HFU Central Body has faced many challenges in the field of law enforcement. that now the lack of seeds, lack of water to the farmland and also on the market.
Shillong, July 04:I Kong Klirian Syiemlieh has passed away on 4th July
The MLAs who attended the election were Dr Donkupar Roy, Dr Jemino Mawthoh, Dr Embhahlang Syiemlieh and Titosstarwell Chyne. , Metbah Lyngdoh, Remington Pyngrope and Paul Lyngdoh.
The registration of candidates for the BJP party started on 6th November and will end on 11th November.
What is the point of saying that it is easy to remove the MUDA border crossing only before the 2018 election when we have been listening for many years? “The original copies of the answers are with me as the Chief Adviser and MP candidate of KHNAM, When I received the reply, along with the maps of the Shillong Master Plan, Jowai Master Plan and Byrnihat Scheme Areas, I was also invited by the leaders of the SNSBH Upper Shillong Dorbar Hall at Umlyngka Dorbar Hall to explain the rules and regulations of the SNSBH. I have also translated many of the provisions of this Act into Khasi before the public meeting on the 26th”.
He said that no one knows when this will happen but as it is now the Tibetan people are waiting for him to return to the country. the Chinese government would not allow him.
Shillong, July 10: RTI activists today held a public meeting at Mawlai Phutmuri Standbus to explain to the public the need to strengthen the Lokayukta Act in the state.
The North Eastern Police Academy (NEPA) on Tuesday swore in 377 Police Officers including Deputy Superintendents of Police (DSPs) and Sub-Inspectors (SIs) from Assam. , Arunachal Pradesh, Mizoram, Tripura and Nagaland.
Speaking to media, Bah El Dhar and Bah Sankirang Khongwir expressed their happiness that they have been selected to take part in the festival and receive awards.
On the other hand, Bah Lambokstar Marngar, President of the KSU, said that the KSU is looking forward to providing protection to the minorities in the country but it has turned out to be a failure. This legislation is like inviting people from Bangladesh to enter the State and India.
He also criticized the state leaders for not being able to fulfill the desire of the people to maintain or have a training centre.
Saraly Rashir (Former EM of KHADC), Bah.
The Government of Bangladesh wants to take them back to their country and this will be a joy for their families and also for Bangladesh to honor them in their own country. the right way.
This action of the government will discourage and deprive many youngsters who are willing and talented to play basketball.
In 2016, I received a phone call from a friend inviting me to join the Shooting Association.
Shillong, Lber 02: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today sent the Khasi Hills Autonomous District (KHADC) Bill, 2021 to the Select Committee. The Committee will consider the bill before it is passed by the House.
It is true that through this Shillong Street Art Festival our youth have the opportunity to work with people from outside the state and to showcase their talents through this festival.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The Chief Executive Officer (CEO) in charge of the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme IV (MHIS) today said that the registration of residents will continue.
He said that so far 7500 members have surrendered in Assam alone, which will be 750 more today, so the surrender of more than 8200 members in Assam alone is the beginning of a new era of you are at peace.
At the same time, he said that the loss was not due to the demands of the rebel groups but due to the large number of civil society groups and their list has reached 300 civil society groups.
Shillong, Naitung 15: The FKJGP of Jaintia Hills today sent a letter to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare demanding that the government should take action to improve the quality of health services. Many of the government health centers have only one doctor and some do not have a doctor.
The Minister said that up to 280 permits have been issued to the cow traders to import cows into the state. the State Legislative Assembly.
The competition will start on March
Other Ministers, Chief Secretary MS Rao and officials from the Power Department were also present at the meeting.
The celebration of the Seng Kut Snem is also a sign of respect for the 16 rangkynsai and rangdajied who have been the pioneers, the leaders, the mawkhrum, the shapers of the Seng Khasi. that you are now.
The team, led by Dr. Woba James, Head of the Department of History of Christianity, Jorhat, included students from four states, including Assam, Meghalaya, Manipur and Nagaland.
He also explained about the unity he reported being celebrated.
Revenues of T 30.03 lakh crore are expected to be higher than the budget estimate reflecting the growth and stability of the economy.
The exhibition also attracted many visitors to the Thomas Jones Synod College.
Replying to the speech of Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma, the Chairman of COMSO said that Dr Mukul Sangma is against the ILP. “The Congress MLA Process T Sawkmie has demanded ILP in the House. “Whatever the statement of the Congress party is right, this party is a party of confusion,” said Roberjune.
“We see that the Government's plan to bring Marten to Nonghali will have a serious impact on the neighboring villages,” said the Union.
Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong has promised that the government will take action to stop the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh.
The party would like to congratulate his family members especially him for his ability to join hands with the party for more than 12 years.
He said Rahul Gandhi's desire to deliver a speech at USTM was not for a political speech but for a talk with the youth on how to give hope to the youth.
The awards are announced at the annual Republic Day celebrations.
This encouraging message was also the theme of the competition.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: U Bah Goodleaderson Nongsiej, while congratulating the members of the House who have given their confidence to him as the Chairman of the House, said that he is ready to do good works. The Chairman of the past, especially in relation to the Hima.
The authorities in charge of the school have informed the police and after completing the post mortem, the school was taken to the Civil Hospital for post mortem. legal rules.
He said that if the leaders of the HNLC are happy to come to Shillong, the government is ready to come and talk to them at any place. that feels bit.
According to the RTI reply received by the KSU from the DHS, Shillong and the District Health and Medical Officer (DM&HO) South West Khasi Hills, it was found that there are 112 posts that have not been filled. call the advertisement and without conducting an interview.
The IMD has forecast that the cyclone will start from the eastern part of Odisha at 1.5 km above sea level and will hit Bihar and surrounding areas.
It was reported in the House that the District Councils have been regarded as the rural areas because the Central Government has not yet recognized the Dorbar Shnongs. The Central Government of Meghalaya does not have a Panchayat.
He was born on 8th November, 1938 in Shillong.
The BSF said the two arrested were identified as Biswajit Paul and Marmush Marak, both residents of South West Khasi Hills District. of the state of Meghalaya.
On the other hand, without receiving any assistance from the government, the union has sent two members abroad for training in this field. Daplang Kharsati.
The Chief Executive Member and the Executive Committee of KHADC are strongly requested to gather the elders of Mylliem Hima together with the MLAs and MDCs of Mylliem Hima to discuss the issues raised by the Seng Samla Mawlai Pyllun. reach all thousands of children through zoom or google meet.
Jowai, Naitung 28: The JSU & JYF today sent a letter to the Chairman of the District Selection Committee (DSC) who is the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District. The Committee has allowed foreigners to sit for the examination.
To suffer and slowly travel through this road is more precious for the sake of protecting the lives of others than to arrive on time but lose precious lives.
The union strongly opposes other dewbilat companies which have the same intention to forcibly make citizens of any foreigner who comes to work in different companies. If they fight against the East Jaintia Hills District, the party will not hesitate to watch without doing anything.
The purpose of this training is to make the children enjoy this game and at the same time to encourage them to learn and understand the game. The rules of the game can affect the state and the country as well.
HANM also laid wreaths at the statue of Tirot Sing Syiem at the State Central Library and at the Tirot Crematorium at Mawiewrynhep in Nongthymmai by the FKJGP and KSU. to honor this great King on this day of his 183rd death.
Ampareen said that in the state, the Congress party, JDS party and private members have the majority but the Governor has called on the BJP to form a government and this is a violation of democracy. blame.
Before the exhibition, there was a discussion on how to use the food available from the forests that can be eaten.
On the other hand, the President, after careful consideration, on 24th July 1975, withdrew the bill by saying, “I withdrew my assent from the Bill.
Shillong, Nailur 23: The Malki Youth Association (MYA) has strongly condemned the stone throwing of an ambulance on the 19th of this month at 3mer Upper Shillong.
Pynshaiborlang Rani, Office Secretary Spaindonsing Lyngkhoi, Sports and Cultural Secretary Eric A Nongkynrih and Environment Secretary Shiningstar Kharbuhkhiew.
Marcuise Marak of the NPP received 9656 votes, Sengbath R Marak of the Independent received 4736 votes, Deborah C Marak of the INC received 4554 votes and Krinilla R Marak of the NCP received 4554 votes. 4040 bottles.
Regarding the curfew, the Government has directed the Deputy Commissioners to call for a meeting with the tourism operators to see whether it has been possible. to start opening tourist attractions in the state.
Shillong, Nailur 15: The two-day football tournament was organized by the Kerala Football Federation (SRVC) in collaboration with the Shillong Football Association. State Government, the office of the Chief Electoral Officer of the State.
Therefore, the union has had a thorough discussion with the Director regarding these issues and the DHS and promised to take immediate action and resolve these issues of the people of the area who really need assistance from the DHS. this is the bag of government.
The Sohra Labor Union (SLU) and the Khasi Students Union (KSU) South Khasi Hills on Saturday held a meeting to discuss the issue of the state residents taking advantage of the opportunity to bring in foreigners to work in the area.
On the other hand, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, said that these services which were inaugurated today at the Civil Hospital Shillong will also be extended to other hospitals of the state government in the districts.
Whether they receive those special laws or those laws to preserve their own customs and traditions from the Assam government.
He reflects our Khasi life along with the rights and freedoms from words and deeds to behavior.
Shillong, November 16: The authorities of East Jaintia Hills District have struggled to rescue the people who were trapped in a coal mine at Lumthari in East Jaintia Hills District.
The former Minister of State Government has been elected twice as an MLA to the Legislative Assembly from the former 48-Phulbari Constituency.
Since the inception of the JHADC, Bah Andrew Shullai has become the 27th Chief Executive Member of the JHADC.
Another book launched on the same day was entitled “Meghalaya” written by Dr Ibanrikenti Ranga and Dr S. Sharma of North Eastern Hills University.
The most important thing is that the youth of this state should not have that desire and not be afraid because the way of writing the examination has not changed that much, but the struggle has increased and reached the you have to work hard.
Shillong, June 13: The Election Committee of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has announced that it will hold an election to elect the office bearers of the KSU West Khasi Hills District Unit for the 2017 term. – 2020 on the 5th of June 2017 in Nongstoin.
At the end of his speech, Minister Duh said that those who are entering the workforce should work with understanding for the people of the country.
Furthermore, T.1.86 lakh crore has been allocated since the closure of the dam due to Covid-1
Shillong, Lber 17: U Dr Azad Zaman MLA of 47-Rajabla Constituency on Tuesday submitted a petition to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma to create a new district within the Rajpur district. to be a central location for government offices.
According to the advertisement announced by the DM&HO Ribhoi District, there are 8 posts including one post Store Keeper, 6 posts Staff Nurse (PHC/CHC) and one post Staff Nurse (RBSK).
From Meghalaya, the Commissioner Secretary, Transport, Ethelbert Kharmalki and other officials of the Meghalaya government were present at the opening ceremony.
Shillong, June 17: Meghalaya will elect two MPs to represent the state in the Lok Sabha on Thursday, June 19,
Shillong, Jymmang 11: Suspected GNLA militants have detonated a bomb at the NRL petrol pump at Williamnagar in East Garo Hills this morning at around 9.15 pm.
At the same time, the government has provided medicines in every place and this is a free treatment where the people do not have to pay anything.
On the other hand, Bah Paul said that all this is the government's failure to listen to the demands of the party.
More than 500 people have arrived and received assistance from the BSF. The scheme is a scheme through the Central Government to assist the people who have been affected by the BSF. It is located on the border with Bangladesh.
The arrest of these smugglers has been handed over to the police for further investigation. The arrest of these smugglers is part of the efforts of the BSF to fight against illegal smuggling across the border. Bangladesh.
Shillong, Nailar 23: The mother of Chief Minister Soradini Sangma today accompanied her son Conrad K Sangma during his polling station at Walbakgre Polling Station of 51-South Tura Constituency. .
Shillong, Nailar 28: A meeting of hundreds of supporters and members of the Nongkrem Block Congress Committee, convened by Bah Lamborsing Nongrum (Lead) of Nongkrem, was held at 10.30 pm on 26th August , was held at the Dorbar Hall Nongkrem (Iewpyrsing) to discuss the MLA Election
Police also recovered 26 injection syringes and 19 antiseptic swabs from his body.
Commandant of 193 Battalion of BSF Rajiv Kumar and other BSF officers explained in detail the operations of BSF troops on the border and their determination to protect the border of the country. .
We have implemented a pension scheme for this purpose.
The Prime Minister said that there should be no sting in our efforts due to the reluctance to follow the rules related to Covid.
Shillong, November 30: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 13 cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills District.
At the end of the programme, Thakur urged all the youth to be change agents and said, “We must remember, 'Voting is more powerful than bullets.
Disphrim Salahe of Kseh village said that this road was built during the tenure of Dr. Barrister Pakem as MLA. this constitution.
The names of the suspects, besides the Area Commander, are as follows: Hedeo Ch Momin @ Karak (34), Sengrak M Marak @ Dimbreng (24), Josbell Ch Marak @ Kising , Joshua N Marak, Elpiush M Sangma, Sangbin, rakbat M Sangma, Malsin, Nikseng Ch sangma, Warrang, Juningbirth M Sangma@ Bandi (24), Chapret M Marak @ Lotip, Rikseng R Marak @ Big shot, Dohan M Marak, Golden M Sangma@ Sengsan, Laskar N Marak, Sylvanus  G Momin, Tengkrang  A Sangma, Rakman M Marak, Dominic R Marak, Francis  M Sangma @ Mbi, Alpha Ch Marak @ Kengrik (22), Rikrak Ch Marak @ Salgrik (21), Lohon  M Sangma @ Adu (25), Archie Ch Marak @ Kating (26).
This is probably the support of the central government and the MUA-II government to transport the mynder by rail instead of buses and cars.
Also present on the occasion were A. Ryngkhlem (Vice President of Meghalaya Pradesh Mahila Congress), Catherine Marbaniang (General Secretary of MPMC), Ma Nicolas Swer (Treasurer of Khliehriat Block Congress Committee), Rimaya Manar (General Secretary). Thynda Sana (Working President), Chrispin N Dkhar and Presidents and Secretaries of various Circles and Units.
Other news reports said that the authorities of East Khasi Hills District have sent government officials to investigate the damage.
The villages under the Lawbah area include Mawlyngba, Mawtepiew, Nonglait, Nongtrai, Sinai, Mawdon, Mawkhan and others.
The French Ambassador and others were also taken into the Heritage Village. Later, they visited the Mawphlang Dam which supplies water to the entire city of Shillong.
Pradhanu said that as we celebrate Amrit Mahotsav, our youth should also turn from rights to duties.
Nikman Marak said that during the meeting with Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh, he promised that their demand for Garoland will be discussed within the Cabinet.
On the other hand, the DC said that some of the bridges need to be repaired because they have collapsed, so the ban on parking on these parts of the road will come into force immediately from today.
Shillong, Lber 05: As part of the implementation of the rules and regulations of the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) and the order issued by the State Project Director (SPD) SSA-SEMAM Ambrose Ch.
Promotion of research and innovation in the fields of climate change, innovative technologies, information on traditional ways of life, writing systems and endangered languages and backward areas and a data center and also a central point for information on income generation opportunities.
Tura, Nailar 10: SF-10 Police from South Garo Hills and East Garo Hills today destroyed a GNLA camp in Tura. Durama Forest is the border between these two districts.
A committee has been set up under the supervision of the Deputy Commissioner to find a parking space in Nongstoin, in which the SP and the Syiem of Nongstoin Hima will also be present. to look after the parking lot that the government has taken for the construction of the parking lot.
He said that tomorrow morning the government will convene a meeting with the village headmen to discuss this issue and to work together as the government alone cannot do without the cooperation of the village authorities.
The service will also coincide with the 113th General Assembly of the Senglang ki Nongmane Wei Blei which will be held from 8th to 10th June
Shillong, Jymmangy 26: Tura MP Conrad K Sangma and MLA James K Sangma today met with the Governor of Meghalaya, V. Shanmuganathan at Raj Bhavan. to the head of state.
After the arrest of these persons, Bapan Nath of ISBT, Dharmanagar, Tripura was also arrested. After this, Raja Myrboh of Ishyrwat was also arrested.
He said that KAS is now preparing to build an office of the Society on a plot of land donated by the Government at the Tribal Research Institute (TRI) in Mawlai which covers an area of ​​5,400 sqft. Department of Arts and Culture.
The President of MAWU, Kong Mira June Myrsing, said that the Union has also demanded that the Government should provide free health care to the ASHAs whether through MHIS or any other scheme. that the Government may not.
Shillong, November 12: U Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem CEM of KHADC today handed over a truck carrying synrum to the Hima Khyrim to be used to transport the garbage from Smit Market. through the Chief Minister Special Development Scheme (CMSDS).
" Bah Dkhar added.
The Select Committee will be headed by the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, while the Secretary of the Executive Committee, Bah G Syiemiong, will be the Member Secretary.
Shillong, Naitung 16: U Bah Thomas Passah President Youth Wing of KHNAM on Tuesday said that he is surprised that the work and trade of non-tribals in the state without trading license continues without any respect for the authorities. Go to the District Council.
Dr. Woba said that during their journey, many people have alleged that the lack of peace and stability is due to the presence of political exploiters.
The Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology of the Union Government has received many complaints from various sources including various reports about the misuse of some mobile apps on Android and iOS devices to steal information about the users of these apps and transmit this information to servers located overseas without obtaining permission from these users.
The numbers provided by the police are Mobile No:8730940080 and 9856084514. These are the numbers where the public can call if they have any complaints. and elections.
Single Vision and Bi-Focal Progressive Titan glasses with anti-reflective, anti-scratch, super hydrophobic and UV coatings are available from this shlem.
Shillong, Iaiong 18: About 13 houses have been damaged by a cyclone in South West Khasi Hills District on Saturday. Deputy Commissioner of Sotuh West Khasi Hills District.
The Deputy Director of Labor Department, Bah B.Blah and Bah R.Hynniewta were the chief guests.
At the same time, she requested the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, who came to open the school, that the government should give permission to the school to open a secondary school inside the school. construction of this new school building may be completed.
The relatives of these two men have lodged a complaint with the KSU. On the 2nd of this month, the police have arrested two members of the KSU South Khasi Hills Unit including Shambor Shati and Meshadap Sohpen of Sohra.
New achievements in these fields have encouraged the youth.
When the tyngab refused to let a piece of meat out of her mouth, the myrsiang said to her, “When the rain comes and there is a flood, where will you hide? You will die if you stay on the tree,” said a statement sent by the General Secretary-cum-Publicity Secretary of the HNLC, Bah Saiñkupar Nongtraw.
On the BJP's allegations against the District Councils, KHADC, JHADC and KHADC, the government has appointed a team to look into the expenditure. There are Shallans and the coal they carry is coal owned by the government.
The total number of voters in Meghalaya is 20,81,570 lakh, of which 10,28,395 lakh are males and 10,53,173 lakh are females. many women to few men.
It has been directed that if anyone is found entering the District where the residence of the workers is not clear, the police should be informed immediately.
To celebrate Children's Day with these children, the Reach Shillong Ministry on Saturday celebrated Children's Day at the UDP office. State Government Bah Paul Lyngdoh who was the chief guest distributed gifts to the children who have been cared for by the Children's Home, Open Day Shelter, Mawblei, RMS School for Underprivilege and Open Day Shelter, Nongmensong, 24 Hours Crisis Management Centre.
We would like to thank the 10 partner countries, more than 50 partner countries, all those involved, the delegates who brought cooperation to the summit to work together in the areas identified for the collaboration and coming up with activities where we can work together and solutions.
The Awakening India Movement urges the Government of India to listen to the people because people are not slaves in their own feet and the Supreme Court of India has made it clear that the rights will be in the will of the individual.
Shillong, Lber 15: The Director of Higher and Technical Education, Meghalaya Government, has written to the Managing Director of Kalyani Publishing Company in Delhi to publish the In a letter sent to the publishing company, it was written that the book published by them “ISC Sociology” in pages 1.37 and 1.38 written by Manjir Ghosh is an article which is against the customs of the Khasi and according to this article it misleads the people.
On the allegation that he has misrepresented the old NPP members, Danggo said he cannot accept this allegation as he is still in the NPP. “How can they say that he didn't hire them, now I have come to work with them,” said Bah Danggo.
Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh in her speech said that the language is the power of any nation and for this reason the entire House has accepted this decision without any discrimination.
He said that the Milk Mission will benefit up to 2000 farmers in the state in the next four years.
She said.
Although the elders never told us anything about it, it is one of the most amazing signs on this rock.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Lapang said that the Mawsynram BCC and Mawkynrew BCC have been dissolved.
The KSU, even if it is criticized in many ways, even if its members are arrested from time to time, will not hesitate and will stand firm to protect its beloved Jaidbynriew no matter what happens.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) will announce its demands after the peace talks with the government have progressed.
Simi Khongtiang, a filmmaker from Meghalaya, has won the Best Director award for her film 'Ka Chithi' at the Prague Cine Awards,
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The Chairman of the Forum of Councils Under Sixth Schedule (FOCUSS) on Tuesday said that the meeting was held at the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). All the Autonomous Councils of the North East of India will send a memorandum to the Prime Minister of India to urge the Central Government to set up a government department. to oversee the ADCs under the Sixth Schedule.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 21: Government flying squads deployed in South West Khasi Hills have seized Rs 4 lakh from Congress leader V Bansal from Jakrem.
He also urged the authorities not to be vigilant because it is not at this time that they will be affected by the pre-uranium mining projects in the area.
Those arrested along with the seized kyiad were handed over to the Custom office at Dawki for further action.
Shillong, March 31: Today, many people from all over the Khasi Hills have arrived at Nongbah Jynrin to pay their last respects on this day. Uranium.
This victory in the mid-term elections means that the Congress party will lose its position in the state and the country as a whole.
In a message of condolences, Bah Shylla said that the incident occurred due to the speeding of the truck carrying many people.
The number of e-way bills issued in October 2023 is 9.0 crore, which is 11% higher than the 8.1 crore e-way bills issued in June
There are two dispensaries in South West Health Khasi Hills District but the government has not yet approved the appointment of staff at these two health centres, one at Mawthong and one at Mawthong. one in Mawkyrwat.
According to sources, the government will send the letter calling for the resumption of the talks on the first day.
, Kolkata, West Bengal has delivered tins of household items.
To demand that the insurgents should end the violence in the area and bring peace and stability in these areas.
Shillong, July 04: On the 30th of this month, Rupang has honored three drivers, Bah Robertson Nengnong of Pynursla Tourist Maxi Owners Association, Bah Kenson Marbaniang of Pynursla Tourist Maxi Owners Association. Shillong Indica Tourist Taxi Owners and Drivers Association and Bah Manbha Sohkhlet, Pynursla.
You have the responsibility to set your example to the children because they are our future.
Aizwal FC opened the scoring in the fourth minute through Lalrinzuala Lalbiaknia and in the 17th minute through R Ramdinthara.
Those who wish to participate can also call the following mobile numbers: 9863043125, 9863060576, 8794640973,
Charles Marngar raised the question why the District Council has not installed the gates despite the promise in the House by the EM in charge of the Forest Department but has not installed the gates yet. Block II. In this regard, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne said that the area falls in the middle of the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam and discussions with the state government and the District Council on the gates are ongoing. still watching and reviewing this.
“Commenting on Dr. Ampareen's remarks on the meeting with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday, Mira June said, “ASHA workers don't get enough T.5000 thousand as mentioned by the Minister but they receive only T.2000 thousand but they don't get all but T.800 from the National Health Mission (NHM).
“The scheme will also have rules for the identification and registration of land vendors through the verification by the Town Vending Committees (TVCs), which fall under their jurisdiction,” said the Chairman of Town Vending. Committee.
Bah Pariat said the KHADC should reconsider the decision and discuss the issue. destroy the trust of the people in the shlem," he said.
Ravi Goel, Sr.
“In the follow-up of the RTI received through the Health Department, the Union found that the There are more than 100 Grade-IV posts which have been appointed through the backdoor system,” said the Secretary, Samla Skhemborlang Pyngrope in a statement.
He said that the state currently has only seven block banks.
Surprisingly, two of those arrested are still children.
The Khasi Students Unions (KSU) wishes all the country's citizens a healthy body and through the doctors, nurses and staff of the hospitals who have dedicated their bodies and souls to treat and help the patients. .
Especially during the rainy season it is important for consumers to cover vehicles and motorcycles especially motorcycles and to ensure that the tank covers are covered properly.
Catholic schools in Shillong will also be closed on the funeral of Archbishop Rev Dominic Jala and the state government has already given permission as requested.
The BDOs have been ordered to revive the markets for agricultural products in each Block and in the areas bordering Shillong, in collaboration with the Ministry of Agriculture, producers. agricultural products and Rangbah Shnongs, in order to provide employment opportunities in their respective villages and so that farmers can sell their agricultural products and also to avoid entering and leaving Shillong. days and weeks to follow.
The Minister of Home Affairs also visited the exhibition of disaster relief equipment where the equipment and technology used by the NDRF members in their work was showcased.
Shillong, March 31: Nine employees of 108 have been admitted to hospital after a three-day arson strike, said Bah Roipar Kharraswai president of MEMRIWU.
Shillong, June 25: The Khasi Jaintia Deficit School Teachers Association (KJDSTA) and the Garo Hills Deficit School Teachers Association (GHDSTEA) today raised many issues to discuss with the Minister. The issues of teachers, including MBoSE textbooks, Education Policy and others have turned out to be unresolved because the discussions have not reached anywhere.
The electoral roll will be released on 12th July 2019, if there is any complaint or registration it will be on 22nd July 2019 and the deadline for receipt of complaints or registration will be on 12th July The final electoral roll will be released on 30th July
he was a former editor of Nongsaiñ Hima and of Peitngor.
During these 17 years of hope to reach peace in order to discuss the issues of the Jaidbynriew with the government from Delhi but the Sengbhalang, the people have to face jail, lathi , bullets from the guns of the Government to fight for the issues and rights of the people.
Shillong, March 31: Teachers who were dismissed in 2014 and 2019 today staged a one day protest in front of the MBOSE office to inform the government about the problems. If other teachers are re-appointed, they too should be re-appointed.
The Deputy General Manager said that those who wish to set up petrol pumps in Meghalaya can apply from today by visiting the website for more information.
Of course, it will always be a cooperation from all sides, but the Government as the Mother should implement strict measures to prevent the free entry of these evils into our state,” he added.
The reply said that T.43,52,240 lakh has been spent in 2021-22, T.1,01,60,617 crore in 2020-21 and T.85,39,627 lakh in 2019-2
The Department is working with other Departments and their teams, the RBI and other entities to curb these types of people.
In a statement sent to the media, the BJP said that Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh has said that he will visit the Ram Mandir in Ayodhya and give his blessing for this purpose.
Visitors to the funeral home should refrain from shaking hands with each other and should provide hand sanitizer to the mourners so that they can use their hands frequently.
Shillong, November 24: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has urged the government to immediately resolve the issues related to the post of Chief Secretary.
The curfew will continue until the release of the 13 arrested including the Augustine leader.
These subsidies are for the cost of construction of a factory known as Capital Investment, Subsidy for transportation of raw materials and goods already manufactured from factories and relief of taxes.
At present, the state has two Deputy Chief Ministers, Dr RC Laloo and Bah Rowell Lyngdoh.
Speaking to reporters, KSU President Daneal Khyriem said that they want to raise awareness on the issue of ILP. The Sengbhalang wanted the government to confirm the implementation of the ILP because they have been waiting for several months and many of the people have complained about the delay of the government.
The streamlining of training and facilitation of various activities, along with allowing workplaces to tailor their own training according to their needs, are other steps taken to facilitate them. workplaces to appoint more apprentices.
Out of the four villages in this competition, Babianghun Giri Kurbah from Kurbah War won the first prize.
Regarding the attendance of employees in government offices or private offices, it has been directed that only 50% of the employees should attend, the government has also directed to be vigilant in other districts.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: The Amur Falcon Festival 2016 has opened in Tyrso-Amru and surrounding villages. on the 11th of November at Tyrso Tngam.
People wonder, can the country change? Can a country change if the government changes? There was a sense of despair that existed among all the people.
Many games were held for them and prizes were awarded to the participants.
At the same time, the Chief Minister urged all the residents to maintain peace and order in the state and especially in Shillong.
When a hostel is set up, it means that the needs of the children should not be limited especially in water.
On this occasion, tins were also distributed to the people of Mawlongroh Polling Station.
Shillong, June 10: Who will contest the Lok Sabha seat from Meghalaya will be decided by the people tomorrow.
The names of all 34,844 people are inscribed on this marble stone.
At the closing ceremony of this training; B.Ladia, who is also the teacher of these youths, urged the youths to implement the training they have received so that it will become a source of employment for them.
The Deputy Commissioner has lifted the ban on public gatherings in the district by ordering the 25th Anniversary of the Deputy Commissioner. year of Ri Bhoi District.
“We congratulate Kong Idashisha Nongrang and hope that she will win the elections,” said the statement.
Sterling Khymdeit, Secretary of Diwon Village, said that on receiving information about the incident, a search operation was conducted throughout the day and no trace of the woman has been found.
: it means – it is intelligent; it is slow and steady; it is accurate.
He said that this action of the Government is like inviting such problems in the State.
HNYM President Lius Dohdthong told reporters that the state government should immediately suspend the roster system. He said that the District Session Judge has announced that there has been a roster system. posts have been vacated in the past few days and it was found that the filling of jobs in the office has been too high.
This is the first time that a Union Minister has visited this holy place.
He said the police do not know whether the news about the GNLA-R is true or false.
The CEM said this to the leaders of the civil society during a meeting at his office.
Shillong, July 26: To mark the International Day Against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking and the 'NashaMukt Bharat Abhiyan', the Customs Department has conducted awareness programs and disposal of seized drugs. moreover its determination to fight the use and trafficking of drugs.
The BSF has handed over the suspects to the police for further investigation.
“Therefore, to avoid any disturbance to the peace and order in Majai, it is necessary to close the road so that it can resolve the violence from all sides,” said the Syiem.
Marshal Myrthong, 40, and Dapborlin Lyngdoh, 25, were among the five survivors.
According to information received, these Flying Squads have worked hard and the work is 24 hours a day in different villages and places to ensure that there will be no money or drugs to be used during the election. .
This is for tomorrow morning.
The JSU, after inspecting these shops on the 25th, witnessed the damage and demanded from the Police Dept Fire Service, the District Administration and the State Government. The Sub Station of the Fire Service should be set up in Phramer Village or in the surrounding villages in order to prevent such incidents and provide adequate services to the people especially those villages which are farther away from Jowai. The Union also demanded to set up a Fire Sub Station in places where there are no Police Out Posts, Traffic Cells or Decoity Camps so that the people can get adequate assistance.
It may be recalled that such a special training for the troops in the area started with the Bangladesh Army on the 11th of this month.
During this three day tournament, the participants received many benefits especially they were able to showcase the richness of the Khasi language and Khasi dress.
The BSF hopes that the BGB and the police of that country will arrest these criminals who are responsible for kidnapping people on the India-Bangladesh border. The BSF has already provided information to the BGB regarding the group.
: BJP MDC from Tura Bernard N. Marak on Tuesday sent a letter to the Chief Minister Conrad K. Sangma seeking clarification on the construction of the Dawki Road by the ARSS Company.
Finally, the President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee said that the MPCC extends its condolences to all the families of those who have lost their loved ones and the MPCC offers special prayers for those who are still in the middle. treatment to get a speedy recovery.
GK Pilai arrived in Guwahati to attend the National Conference on Security of the Assam Police.
Robert said the government has not yet accepted, what should be understood is that those who can apply should be full citizens of Meghalaya, except for citizens who can apply. only those who have a full citizenship certificate.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: The language is one of the original snaps of the nation and in Khasi thought it is based on three pillars of humanity – the Land, the Language and the Kur.
Shillong, Lber 07: U Prestone Tynsong, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today inaugurated the Monolith Festival 2024 at Khasi Heritage Village, Shillong. The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has started today and will end on Saturday the 9th of this month.
Shillong, July 10: Dr. (Prof).
The Leader of the Opposition said that all these documents and documents are with the government and when speaking it should speak according to the documents which the Meghalaya government has already submitted to Assam. must be accepted by the people of the state.
Because it will help the Khasi land dealers to strengthen their income so that they can fill their households, avoid being robbed by the Dkhars and to root out Benami.
Shillong, Nailar 3: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today inaugurated a new department of Tourism and Travel Management at Lady Keane College.
Shillong, Nailur 28: The High Level Committee headed by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong today submitted its report to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma. .
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 1 new case of COVID-19 has been confirmed in the state. Hills District.
The office bearers of Bholaganj Block include Ksanboklang Kharshiing President, Edmund Khongsya Secretary and other office bearers.
Pala also accused the MDA government of Conrad Sangma of refusing to give permission to hold the NECCC meeting inside the USTM and they had to move to a hotel in Jorabat. .
Aabhijeet Sharma, president of APWs, said that this is the only last resort to protect the North East. For the North East, one ILP will be implemented on the border of Assam and West Bengal.
He said that as a leader who has just been appointed for less than 10 months, he has been able to discuss the issues of the people of his constituency in the Legislative Assembly by raising a question to seek clarification from the government on the closure of the road to Tyngnger. Under the Lafarge scheme, 17 water supply projects in Mawsynram constituency worth more than Rs 20 crore have been suspended.
“If you find any problem, you will take the necessary action,” said Bah Forwardman Nongrem. Shillong, Lber 24: The Minister of Parliamentary Affairs, Martin M Danggo, today introduced the Meghalaya Legislators Salaries and Allowances (Amendment) Bill, .
He said that after the New Year, the KSU together with other civil society organizations behind the party will continue their protest until the demand for ILP is met.
The existence of this college is a blessing to the youth of the area especially those who are low income and saves them from the high cost of studying in Shillong. who have responsibility for tomorrow and do these things with understanding for the good of the nation.
In his speech, the Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) urged the VDPs to assist the police in the fight against crime and directed that if there is any payment, they should be paid. They should immediately inform the police if they are in their villages.
At the meeting which was attended by thousands of supporters, Bah Dkhar expressed his satisfaction to see the number of supporters at the meeting.
All householders must have permission if they wish to do so.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: BSF and Police have seized 40 cows from three trucks on Muktapur-Amlarem road in West Jaintia Hills District. These trucks were smuggled to Bangladesh.
Shillong, Nailur 03: A special meeting of the United Democratic Party (UDP) was held today at the residence of Opposition Leader Dr Donkupar Roy.
This is the statement by Samla Wanteibok Lyngdoh, President of Hynniewtrep Hills District.
The demand for the removal of the Minister of Power from the post came from the UDP party which is also in the government and the demand for the removal of the CMD of MeECL u Arunkumar Kembhavi.
Shibani Khynriem, the mother of the child, has lodged a complaint with the police that her three-month-old daughter has gone missing and so has Kharphuli.
JYF (SP News) concludes a statement.
Answering a question regarding the ongoing Budget Session, the CEO said that the election announcement will not affect the session of the State Legislative Assembly, but the government will no longer be able to announce any new schemes.
During the meeting, the Prime Minister of India, Modi invited Pope Francis to visit India soon and the Pope welcomed the invitation.
The CEOs from the states to hold the elections explained about their information activities and other activities to ensure the stability and strength of the electoral roll in all the Assembly constituencies of their states.
What the party demands from the AICC is to replace the President of the MPCC. In this demand, they have not said who to appoint. he is the president.
He said that public service is not only through one job but there are many ways of public service.
Police have also arrived at the scene to conduct investigation into the incident.
"We will punish him according to the law," he said.
Speaking to SP News Agency, one of the MLAs said that the CLP meeting held today has decided to nominate Winnerson D Sangma as the candidate for the speaker election. work synrai.
In this regard, the Khasi Authors' Society has also informed the Prime Minister to try his best to expedite this work before the MP elections in
Shillong, July 21: President of India Pranab Mukherjee took part in the second Yajo Day at Rashtrapati Bhavan while Prime Minister Narendra Modi took part in the ceremony. on this occasion at the Yoga Festival in Chandigarh.
Shillong, Nailur 04: The District School Education Officer of East Khasi Hills District has sent a letter to all the Principals of Schools in East Khasi Hills District to not allow minor children to attend school. by the wheel and the wheel.
“There is nothing wrong with any government taking loans for development works in accordance with the guidelines of the RBI and the Government of India.
Abhilash Baranwal, Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, has been transferred to the post of Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District. Pilot R. Marak, Additional Deputy Commissioner of South Garo Hills District, has been promoted to the post of Deputy Commissioner of Garo Hills District. Commissioner, South Garo Hills District has not been appointed yet.
Shillong, April 14: Many government departments have not yet been able to prepare their roster due to lack of proper documents regarding the employees in government departments due to the lack of retirement.
Prestone said the government understands the loss of shopkeepers due to the curfew and the government is looking for ways to fight to open some parts of these two markets.
Dr Alice Lyngdoh, Dental Officer and Ms. Monalisa Das, Dental Hygienist gave training on how to clean the teeth to all the students of the school.
The message she wants to convey doesn't make sense to spend hours preparing a book if she doesn't explain it.
Police are conducting investigation to track down the suspects involved in the incident at Umoid SWKH District.
Shillong, March 11: The Election Commission of India (ECI) on Tuesday sent a letter to the Chief Election Officer of Meghalaya (ECI) to recognize the People Democratic Front (PDF) in Meghalaya as a party registered with the Election Commission.
The goal is that by 2026, the world should be declared polio free.
Bah Pynshngainlang N Syiem, CEM, KHADC, said that it is in the Dorbar Ri that the jaidbynriew is one form and one voice and therefore he urged all the Hima/Elaka to unite and reach together in this Dorbar Ri for the purpose of preserving the customs and traditions of the country and the nation.
Regarding the recruitment process in the police force, there will be no more opportunity to fight against theft, all the youth who lack education can compete in the same rank as everyone else.
Many leaders from both the ruling and opposition parties have spoken during the discussion on the ILP.
Besides these issues, the Governor spoke on many other issues related to the state where he mentioned almost all the government departments and what the government has done and what the government is doing. in this year.
During the closure, only those who go for treatment, those who carry military supplies, troops and vehicles to Assam who have to pass through the state are allowed. Meghalaya.
However, the Chairman announced inside the House that they will take a no confidence motion after the Question Hour.
: Foreigners' shops have been confiscated trading licenses and labor licenses in Polo area on Tuesday by the Shillong Municipal Board (KHADC). Many shops of foreigners were closed down due to non-renewal of licences. They have received from the Shillong Municipal Board and the District Council even after the expiry of the term.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The 14th Dalai Lama on Tuesday said that he is ready to return to Tibet if peace and stability is restored in the country. ap the journey of your life.
The Bangladesh Government has already written to the Indian Government to hand over the Bangladeshi citizens who have sacrificed their lives for the sake of the country. They can be honored on the National Day of their country Bangladesh.
“With the participation of those involved in geo-spatial activities from around the world, with the participation of policy makers and experts, and their opinions, I am confident that this conference will lead to world into a new future," he said.
According to RTI, the Inspector General of Prisons, Assam said that the apology letter of Holiram Bordoloi has been sent to the office of the President of India under letter number No.PRI. 826 dated 18.04.2005 and to the Judicial Department, Government of Assam on
He said that it was in 2014 when the BJP government in Delhi introduced the currency reform which affected employment and all development projects as at present there are few government jobs.
Tree Crown.
The HYC also urged that from now on, labor and trading license should not be issued to non-residents while those jobs can be done by Khasi, said Bah Robertjune Khar Jahrin, General Secretary, HYC. Shillong, March 10: U Kenny Lyngdoh, who produced the Hindi film titled 'Gang of North East', has said that the film has now been translated into Khasi. Biju Cinema Hall from the 13th to the 19th of this month.
Speaking to reporters, Vice President Bah NR Daju and Bah Kedy Mawsor, Member EC of the Unit, said that according to the meeting today, the JE in charge of this road He said the Consultancy has already sent the DPR to the PWD Department.
Mahadeo CP 9.
Special honor was also paid to Bah Banjoblang Lyngdoh Mawlong, who has worked for three months at Smit Quarantine Centre. that this disease has begun.
The mother of the child, Wiki Lawriniang, said that they had planned to take him to Tirot Singh Civil Hospital, Mairang but due to the fall of trees in the middle of the road, the vehicles were forced to stop. They were rushed to Laitdom PHC but sadly the child died at the same hospital.
Shillong, November 07: What is behind the urgent opening of the houses of the poor in Nongmynsong where the work has not been completed.
This Mawbyna, which is about 12 feet tall, collapsed due to the Jumai in 1897. In this earthquake, the Tirot Crematorium and the rooms of Tirot Singh were destroyed. Then you went to the dam syndah.
At these public meetings, Conrad said that if the NPP wins, it will work for the development of the country in all aspects.
It has also opened up opportunities to connect to Government services through the internet such as e-governance, e-health, online education.
Shillong, Nailar 17: Speaking at the opening ceremony of the Mawlai Bypass Road at Mawlai Mawkynroh, Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie today said that the government cannot do all the work. , but she fought as hard as she could for the development of the state.
In the letter, he said that everyone knows that the government is working in the fight against this disease and the government needs your assistance to curb this disease.
The UDP candidate from Mawsynram constituency said that he stands on the basis of serving the people on the development of the country. , whether in terms of health facilities, roads and other public benefits.
Shillong, Naitung 27: The three-day strike by school teachers under the banner of JACATAM has started today across Meghalaya to demand that the government should take over the teachers as teachers. government employees, which is known as provincialisation.
These teachers will be appointed on a contract basis to teach the children in class XI. At this meeting it was decided that the government will help to improve the schools but the government will not provincialisation of schools but it will help schools as deficit schools.
In another development, police said that Fulity Kharkylliang, 21, from Nongstoin, Rynjah, has gone missing since 20/08/2019 at 1.00 pm on that day.
He said that economic development should not only be brought to the region but there should be the development of the people and for this purpose it is only through the production of goods from factories and agriculture.
They congratulated the Sein Manbei Seinraij Tuber and hoped that they would be able to run this children's home.
Regarding the request to appeal to the High Court by the Hima, the Chief Minister said that those who wish to leave will not say anything because the existence of the High Court is for that purpose. public administration shall not be restricted.
So far, 31 cases have been confirmed including 16 cases from Italy.
