Even in the midst of this failure, the headmaster of Manerva Academy, Ranjit Bajaj, said that he loved football and when he saw the game he sent them to Cahndigrah in Punjab. They have been able to discuss the issue of football in the state.
The party also urges the people not to be misled at such a time despite many challenges because if they take a wrong decision now it will be sad for the future generations.
New Delhi, June 05: The Ministry of Railways will ensure the delivery of electricity, transportation and essential infrastructure during the lockdown due to COVID-1 From October to June 3, the Railway Department has transported more than 2.5 lakh vehicles of coal and 117,742 vehicles of petrol.
Shillong, March 31: The National Congress Party (NCP) Meghalaya today announced that it will contest the mid-term MDC election from the 15th Mawprem-Laban constituency. The party meeting unanimously took this decision and decided to start the election campaign immediately to win the party candidate.
The Chief Guest Varun Dhawan spoke on the proliferation of streaming services and said that Indian cinema through streaming has now reached the world stage and streaming services have now opened up programmes. from India to reach places they have never reached before.
Second Place: T.15,000 and Third Place Rs.8,0
PIB Shillong Gopajit Das said that various programs have been held on the occasion of the International Day of Yoga to involve everyone and also to carry forward the message of this protest.
On this occasion, the participants of the tournament which was held on the 24th November, 2023 were also honoured.
Shillong, July 26: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today announced that 505 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in the state, bringing the total number of cases in the state to
Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) Chairman Gurjit Singh said that they have requested the government to provide 200 meters of land for each place. what house, the others will be looked after when everything is ready.
You should make Pranayama a part of your daily routine.
As part of this scheme, some will be selected to receive special training in accordance with their job requirements.
“We are pleased to partner with Avenues in North East India, which will open up opportunities for the youth and we look forward to revamping this partnership by focusing on the youth to provide training in entrepreneurship,” she said.
In the complaint, he said that after he had finished selling the baby diapers and after he reached the parking lot, there was a child who asked him to pay T.200/-. He said that the child had already paid the slip/voucher but he did not give it. This led to an argument with the child who was in charge of the parking lot. The child said that the parking fee is T.40 per hour but in other places they collect only T.20/- per hour for the vehicles. private and four wheelers but at 3 Mile Stand Ïewmawlong they charge up to T.40/- per hour which is a very high price.
He said the states will prepare property cards for each property in the village using accurate surveys done through drone mapping.
last month for his actions against the rules and regulations of the party.
Besides these political party leaders, many government officials of the state were also present to celebrate the occasion and welcome the new Governor.
The union also questioned the CEM of JHADC why he did not come forward to explain the government and Star Cement to get the EC without respecting the powers of the District Councils or the 6th Article of the Constitution. by the Constitution of India.
"“We urge the citizens of Meghalaya and various groups within the university to take seriously this incident and to monitor the measures taken by the NEHU authorities so that “We are deeply saddened by the assault on the longryngieng of a female referee by Asst.Sports' Director Nantu Das, in which he tried to and the be-jot of the slave came out only of condemnation.
“It is only the Congress party that is responsible for the plight of the poor, especially in terms of roads and freedom of expression. said the Minister of PWD, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar in his election campaign speech by three Congress candidates including Bah Thombor Shiwat at a meeting at Nongrim Bambthong. Phein Nanglein from Khanduli-Mynsngad Constituency and Herman Phawa from Wahiajer Constituency.
Within three months, the police have chargesheeted him on the complaint filed by Pde against him.
He said that he doesn't know where to continue his studies because he has to talk to his relatives first and as a young man who comes from a poor family he doesn't want to express what he wants. that relatives could not support him.
In his speech, the Principal of the College, Bah Boldness L Nongum, explained that the College was established in 2015 with only 30 students and now there are 430 students. The College has received recognition from NEHU and now has its own examination center within the College.
There are 5326 passers.
During the election campaign, he recalled the work of Prof GG Swell who was elected as MP from the ethnic parties. The death of the NEHU graduate and the protection of the ownership of coal in the state.
Pius Marwein, the UDP candidate who was defeated by Martin M Danggo in the general election in June this year, will file his nomination tomorrow. .
Shillong, November 30: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) of Riad Nongtung today came to Shillong to hold a 12 hour sit-in protest which started at 5 pm and will continue to protest for 12 hours. They protested against the government's inability to protect the people of the area from the violence by the Assam authorities.
He said that while they were patrolling in the Laitkor area, they arrested Bah Bitlut Nongsteng while he was burning a JCB (ML05 K 2745) at the scene.
He said that in this era of competition in the world, but in agriculture there is still a lot of room for improvement.
As a singer across India and abroad, Helen Giri has gained international recognition.
Power Grid were restricted to 130 runs for the loss of 10 wickets in 19.2 overs.
Shillong, Nailar 27: U Bah Alelbert Nongrum MLA of KHNAM today sent a letter to the United Progressive Forum (UPF) to support the MDA government led by the National People's Party (NPP). He said that the MDA welcomes the support of the KHNAM MLA to the MDA government and with the joining of the MLA of 17-North Shillong, the turnout in the government has increased. rising to 40 members in the 59-member House.
They were sent to Phulbari PHC for examination and released after the examination. Another person, Nojrul Hoque, was sent for treatment. I don't have a face.
The deterioration of the road is from Sunapur Village to Malidor. The deterioration of the road cannot be explained.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed 6 new cases of COVID-19 in the country. West Garo Hills 1.
In order to curb the freedom of movement of foreigners residing in Meghalaya and tourist drivers from Shillong to Guwahati using vehicles without ML number plate, the Hynniewtrep Integrated Territory on Friday. Shillong City has conducted a check on Trading License and Labor License at the Inter State Bus Terminal (ISBT) Mawiongrim in collaboration with the Mawlai Police Station and the Enforcement Department of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). ).
Dr Marbaniang also explained about the deterioration of these machines by saying that the deterioration of the RO machine which is the machine to purify the water before dialysis. patient.
He said that the purpose of organizing such competitions is to encourage the youth to use their talents in beneficial jobs and to avoid the evils that are terrible in the society. religious activities on social media and to encourage children and youth who have the ability to come forward.
“Replying to a question, Bah Sanbor Shullai said that the BJP is ready to clean the carpet for TMC leader Dr. Mukul Sangma, who is also the former Chief Minister of the State.
Two people were injured in the incident. The doors of the houses and shops in the area were paid. A case has been registered at Laitumkhrah Police Station.
Shillong, Iaiong 13: The annual Shad Suk Mynsiem of the Seng Khasi at Madan Weiking has started today and will end on the 15th of this month.
He said that in India the entire North East of India has a wide variety of flower seeds and this region has about 876 species of flowers.
According to the data, between 12 and 18 per cent of the residents in urban areas are elderly people.
Nongsyntoin LP&UP School Tuber kmai Village & Sein Jait Tuber Govt Secondary School.
Shillong, March 22: A meeting of the leaders of Bah Lamphrang Kharbani held at Rangthong village to discuss and discuss the MLA election in
The body of the child was found in the morning when no one was walking by the mother who had lost her temper.
The people know what has happened, there will be no one else who can mislead the people, as has been done in the past to mislead only when the election is near, Bah Lytan said. “I wish them to stay strong in the group”.
It may be recalled that Bah Spiton Kharakor is the author of the book KI KI KHUN KI KSIEW U Hynniewtrep which was the first to collect all the Khasi tribes and other interesting stories about the Khasi Hills.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the Chief Minister, Narpuh Border Area Joint Action Committee (JAC) Secretary Daiapherbha Lamare said that their visit was to request the Chief Minister to grant the new block in Lumshong.
He said that this is a good opportunity for those who want to become Khasi or become Khasi.
The SP of South West Khasi Hills District, Bah HG Lyngdoh, while talking to SP News Agency, said that the robbers had been blocked by the police and did not reach the Ranikor Bridge. He said that they have escaped or lost their lives but it is impossible to say because they have not yet recovered any body from the Ranikor.
The Prime Minister also praised her contribution to the society and “the dedication of people like you is the power behind our determination to deliver the benefits of the government scheme to everyone. citizens of the country.
The Union Minister said that under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, they have discussed the development of the North East and are also preparing to change the Look East Policy to “Look East Policy”. Act-East policy and many measures taken to strengthen relations with them in the East.
Speaking to SP News Agency by phone, Bah Kison Dkhar, Secretary of the village, said that the reason for the closure of the dewbilat factory is that it has violated the rules and regulations of the village. especially in the employment of the youth of the village.
Speaking to media, CLP Leader Dr Mukul Sangma said that Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh has been appointed as the Chairman of the Darft National Education Policy. of the central government.
To remember that as citizens, when they join or become members of any party, they should not insult each other during the election campaign.
The Harijan Panchayat Committee has rejected the Blue Print submitted by the State Government but has requested for 200 square meters of land for each household of 342 households. within the European Ward in addition to spending on housing.
The Ministry has also requested projects to strengthen health related needs in the North Eastern States under the flagship program of NESIDS. 6 June.
Shillong, Iaiong 13: People passing through the Shillong Bye Pass today found that the nar bridge which has just been opened within 18 days has collapsed and has shocked many people.
On this occasion, Bah L Kynjing, BDO, Mawryngkneng C&RD Block, Dr. A Pakyntein, District Veterinary Officer and Dr Albert S Thangkhiew, BDO, Mawryngkneng C&RD Block were also present to witness the training. to teach the people how to ri Syiar.
There are 142 recoveries, 90 from East Khasi Hills, 21 from West Garo Hills, 8 from Ri Bhoi, 7 from East Garo Hills, 04 from West Khasi Hills, 3 from South West Garo Hills. The total number of recoveries has risen to
Many people know him from all over the state and also from Assam.
Shillong, Nalur 06: Three Chief Executive Members of the three District Councils in the state, today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya. the work of District Councils in the State.
The meeting of the Dorbar Shnong with the Executive Engineer along with the demands for the road in the village, came after the neglect and neglect of the MLAs & MDCs as well as the The PWD has been in operation for about 25 years.
Khliehriat, Lber 23: The AJYWO Central Body led by Bah MH Dkhar and President Heatermoon Ryngkhlem today lodged a complaint with the DC of East Jaintia Hills District. Hills District, Bah MS Lhuid, IAS, against a factory in Lad-Jalyiah, Lad-Rymbai area for the production of iong every day and also for the spelling and writing of GR Infra Ltd. The names of villages and places on signboards along NH-44 in Jaintia Hills.
At this meeting, the Cabinet decided to seek the opinion of the people on the Bill before the government convenes a special session to pass the Bill.
The demand of the drivers of commercial vehicles to reduce the tax on vehicles due to the lockdown is also unfounded.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the DC, Bah Roykupar said that the DC has said that every month the DTF visits suspicious places. There are no poiwir, but in this journey it is only inside the city.
The MMECC demands that the Prime Minister should give approval for the mining lease to all those who have applied.
Click on this link to participate in the survey now:.
In a statement, the BSF said that on Tuesday after receiving a tip, they conducted a search operation and seized a vehicle. they arrested the driver and Indian passenger of the vehicle and confiscated the liquor inside the vehicle.
The death toll has risen to 8, 4 in East Khasi Hills, 2 in Ri Bhoi, 1 in West Jaintia Hills and 1 in West Khasi Hills. 1048 people.
“We have searched for him at hospitals especially at NEIGRIMS after receiving information that he is in the hospital, but we have not found him,” said the SP. Eyoudicious Dkhar, an assistant, was brought to the police station after being arrested for allegedly shooting and injuring Eyoudicious Dkhar. Batskhem was also the driver of the truck.
Prestone Tynsong said that according to the new rules, shops can open until 11:30 pm. The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, recently issued a Section 144 CrPC directing all shops/food outlets and other shops to close within 10 o'clock.
If this talks are not complete, the struggle of the HNLC will continue even if it lasts for another 35 years.
Jan, 89% of the complaints were resolved within 100 minutes, which is in line with the promise of the ECI. in relation to the use of drums beyond the prescribed time and volume, attracting electors during the prohibited period to do so.
On this occasion, the Minister also spoke on the health of the child as this is something that speaks about the character of the child. “They are willing to do whatever they want and will be the jewels of the state and the country,” she said.
Shillong, Naitung 20: The KSU Students' Union (KSU) today lodged a complaint against a teacher of Little Star Senior Secondary School in Baridua Ribhoi District for using one of the textbooks in Class III. Social Studies This book was written by Dr. Dhananjay Joshi and Neelam Jain.
Suting said that if the Meghalaya and Assam governments cannot resolve the border issue for almost 50 years, the Meghalaya government should demand from the central government that the border should be resolved. If the central government does not do anything, the Supreme Court should intervene to resolve this issue.
At the same time, Bah Pynsngian said that the purpose of the Act is to protect those who do not sit without any registration. do not, of women.
He said that the loss is the main reason why they have joined the insurgency and urged everyone to work together to bring peace.
As we move towards achieving an income of USD 26 trillion in the Amrit Kaalha 2047 target, we are implementing a strategy to ensure electricity security and electricity freedom as inspired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit.
We urge the Government to appoint qualified teachers so that it will benefit the children," he said.
She said the region has benefited from schemes like Ayushman Bharat Health and Wellness Centers and others.
To strengthen the protest, it was decided that on the 21st of this month, a protest will be held in all the capitals of the North Eastern States of India to express to the Central Government that The people of this area have strongly opposed the central government's plan.
The arrest was made by the BSF after receiving a tip.
They said that even if they are impartial, it is wrong to introduce the KHADC Act 1959 which prohibits them from expressing their views on the rule of the State Governments, Governments of India or District Councils. party based politics.
Speaking to reporters, Lambok said, “If the Roster System is implemented since 1972, the biggest loss will be for the youth of Khasi-Jaintia Hills. Lambok said that the people of the state should not misunderstand that the KSU is silent on this issue. However, the party has already discussed with the leaders and legislators on this issue.
The Khasi Students' Union, Mawlai Circle on receiving information that a clash between members of a civil society organization and the police in the Khyndailad area has witnessed the violence of the police.
From CP 7.
As the party is ready to contest the 2018 elections, the party hopes that the BJP will be able to form a government for the the development of the state.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has sent a request to the Expert Committee on the State Reservation Policy 1972 to Bah LK Diengdoh. you are the Secretary of the Committee.
The Congress, which won five MLAs in the 2023 Assembly elections, now has only four MLAs in the 60-member Assembly.
On 6th November, 2005, police received a complaint filed by (L) Linus Sumer, father of the victim. (L) Rishanki Biam on the charge of killing his son on 29th November 2005 at Saphai.
The officer was sent for a medical test.
Speaking to reporters, Birbor Riangtam said that despite the difficulties in front of the secretariat, there are only about 800 contract teachers who have resigned. There is no contract teacher in Meghalaya.
Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma said that in fact it would be better if the election of MP to the Rajya Sabha was like the election of Kong Wansuk Syiem without any opposition as there is only one seat in Meghalaya. .
The meeting was held at the Dorbar Hall, Mission Compound, Shillong.
It is time for the people of the Jaitbynriew especially in West Khasi Hills District and South West Khasi Hills District to stop reading the Shillong Times until this newspaper and the Editor have corrected and understood the issue. KSU West Khasi Hills District Unit in a statement sent today.
By doing this, students from the rural areas will not be forced to come to the urban areas which will affect the financial burden of their parents to get education but now instead they will be able to get education. desired education and this will reduce the flow of students to urban areas.
Speaking at the Mela, the MLA of the area, Bah George B Lyngdoh, said that the research center has worked hard for the development of the farmers of the area so that their income will increase. He said that ICAR and farmers should work together to make the region reach the goal of farming without the use of chemical fertilizers.
Shillong, November 23: Union Minister for Women and Children Affairs of India, Maneka Sanjay Gandhi today distributed National Awards to Aganwadi workers across the country. Anganwadis for the years 2014-15 and 2015-1
This decision will be implemented after the 12th of this month. This will further promote economic development and try to improve the cleanliness of the market, which is known as the market. said Mr. Ardent.
“With one voice, we have decided to oppose,” said Bah PN Syiem.
The Amendment will also remove the word “backward classes” from the Reservation Policy.
Director of NYKS Meghalaya Sharmistha Dhote, RBI Shillong Officers O. Mawthoh, DSO, East Khasi Hills District, Dr. M. Mawrie, State Tuberculosis Officer A. Ansari, Assistant Director and Mr. Arulnidhi K, Technical Officer, Directorate Jute and many other central government officials were also present.
The money was handed over to the father of the injured, his bank account was seized and the money will be sent to the account. ways to ensure that if such happens again any tragedy can be prevented.
He said that during the meeting with the village leaders, he informed them that he will try to discuss the issue of these people with the government as the people of the area have faced many problems in the area. it's bad on this road.
Neil Leeson Syiemlieh, who came fourth among the students, said, “I couldn't imagine reaching this goal”.
At the same time, the water level in Umiam Dam has reached 3205.75 till 8.00 pm on Tuesday 14/7/2023, so the water from the Dam can be released at any time. time if the rain continues.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Karnes expressed his satisfaction to see that HANM is a party that has taken part in carrying the burden for the sake of the people.
HYC Leader Bah Saibon said that they came to this place to raise leaders in the Jaidbynriew Hynniewtrep who will be strong and who can bring unity to fight against the problems of the community, the region and the country. The nation is united.
Tura, March 15: The abduction and murder of 70-year-old Ram Charan Thakur by robbers in West Garp Hills has shocked the people of Garo Hills especially in the plains.
He said that many of the courts have placed their decisions on computers and this has helped the people when they seek information.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has confirmed 7 cases from East Khasi Hills, 1 case from Ri Bhoi, 2 cases from East Khasi Hills and 1 case from West Garo Hills. Hills 1, the total number of cases has risen to 92,2
The director also clarified that the total seats are not only 14 seats as it appeared on social media, but the total seats are 42 seats allocated to the students of Meghalaya for this purpose. course B.SC(hons) Agriculture.
He urged the full use of satellite imagery provided by the Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO) by various agencies to prevent floods and water conservation.
The Commissioner and Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya in charge of Agriculture GHP Raju said that there are more than 140 applications and 30 applications have been received so far. received from the Ministry of Agriculture, Government of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: The North Eastern Council (NEC) has donated training to the youth of the North East in Guwahati.
The MP of the Rajya Sabha of Meghalaya, Dr.WR Kharlukhi who was the chief guest in the presence of one of the lecturers of the History Department of NEHU, Prof. Amena N.Passah, Additional Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah V.Swer.
This is only a proposal and cannot be assumed to have been accepted by the authority of the Government or any language authority.
The flag raising ceremony will be held tomorrow morning to protest against the Meghalaya government for not doing anything to implement the ILP in Meghalaya.
After the meeting with the Governor, the Japanese Ambassador also met with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma at his office at the Secretariat.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Meghalaya State Electricity Regulatory Commission Member R Keishing said that the request of MeECL has been with the MSERC and the decision has been taken to announce the increase in the tariff. electricity will be available by the end of October
Shillong, Jymmang 12: U DP Titos W Chyne, U DP candidate from Sohra constituency, on Tuesday said that the goal of his campaign is to contest the MDC election 2014 because he wants to win the election. The MLA said that the Congress government does not look after the problems of the people of the state who are facing many problems. The time has come for the illegal infiltration of the authorities into the state, the seizure of land by the army or to take action on the settlement of the border in the state which has affected the indigenous people.
NEHUSU said that the students are the future of the world, but sadly the students of JNU New Delhi have been beaten up without forgiveness.
The Government of India has already launched the implementation of the PLI scheme for medical devices and supported the establishment of four Medical Devices Parks in the states of Himachal Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Tamil Nadu and Uttar Pradesh.
Especially the influx of foreigners has increased, especially since the Khasi and Jaintia Hills are still a country and will be overwhelmed by foreigners. “Our race will disappear, one of them will grow in marriage with foreigners,” said the side.
The Act also states that until these two Directorates have been established and full-time Directors and employees have been appointed, the Directors or employees may be appointed temporarily.
Jowai, July 20: The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah P Dkhar today convened a meeting of the political parties in preparation for the 2014 MDC elections. all those within the District are not allowed to speak.
On the same day, the Chief Minister also visited the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme and during this visit he talked to the officers in charge of the ringum.
Hek said that Hek had confessed that it was Mawrie who had ordered him to stop sending the letter of approval for the names of Shangpliang and Kharkrang to the Prime Minister.
The Union Minister also met with the farmers of Meghalaya to discuss and ask questions regarding the schemes sent by the Union Government to be implemented in Meghalaya.
Shillong, July 05: Farmers from all over the country who came to Anjalee parking lot to carry jhur to sell as usual but arrived at Anjalee petrol pump without being allowed to enter the Anjalee parking lot.
Shillong, Lber 12: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conard K Sangma, today presented the budget for the year 2019-2020 with a deficit of T. crore rupees.
On receiving information about the incident, the Byrnihat Police Outpost and the Search and Rescue Team rushed to the Umtrew River but due to the darkness of the night they could not recover the body.
The HNLC in a statement said that the government has not taken action to deal with the influx of foreigners, to resolve the border issue, to occupy their land. soldiers, or not taken seriously by those people who claim to be public representatives.
The meeting will be attended by Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya. kaEenamGambhir, Joint Secretary G20 at the Ministry of External Affairs, Government of India; and Samir Saran, T20 Chair and President, Observer Research Foundation, India.
According to sources, police have found that the SIM card of Lucas Rymbai bearing the number +919720879665 belongs to Bah Kamlang Lyngdoh. He is currently in Delhi of IRBN but his SIMcard has been used by Lucas Rymbai who is studying at Dehradun, Selaqui International School.
The Prime Minister said that the campaign to provide government jobs to the youth is special.
“Silence is consent and therefore as a party we feel it would be wrong if we just listen if someone thinks differently about the principles on which the party stands.
This is the supplementary reply of the CEM to a question by Bah Charles Marngar whether the District Council can set the price of agricultural products.
Shillong, March 07: More than 100,000 members of the Society for Promotion from 23 villages within the Hima Nongspung have gathered in the first session of the Society for Promotion. of Indigenous Knowledge and Practices (SPIKAP).
Donal V Thabah General Secretary of the KSU said that the KSU is deeply saddened by the fact that the foodgrains allocated by the central government to the people of Meghalaya through the National Food Security Act you don't have a wrong answer.
The injured were admitted to the Shillong Civil Hospital.
On this occasion, the people came to listen to the explanation, what the AIM has to say on this issue, what the AIM is saying is to convey to the government that it should not force the AIM. given Right.
The struggle was one-sided because the Garo did not have the same weapons as the British.
Shillong, July 20: The President of the KSU South West Khasi Hills District, Samla Forwardman Nongrem, on Tuesday said that the meeting with the three MLAs today was to discuss the issue of the entry of foreigners. to the south and area of ​​South West Khasi Hills District and within Mawsynram Block.
Therefore, the village council would like to thank all the residents of Umkiang who have donated to the Covid 19 Relief Fund Committee Umkiang, for their donation which has reached less than 200,000 tyngka. More than 10 quintals of rice has been harvested.
At the same time, we see the return of Indians who are abroad to the country.
This has caused heavy traffic jam in Shillong from noon to evening.
Therefore, the true voice of the people calls upon all those who have been appointed to hold fast to their own illness and to strive together to unite in one group, even if it does not include anyone. The world doesn't have a Khasi snap.
“If Talbinus Dhar drinks beer in this shop, the punishment for those who violate the law on drinking cigarettes in public places is not by tied with a nar on the head until he is seriously injured and the law itself is not. does not authorize any person or even the police to do so to those who violate the law.
Shillong, July 31: Police have arrested Phillip Maximus Raja Chyne for allegedly demanding Rs 100,000 from the mother of Bah Rishanlang Nongsteng.
Shillong, Naitung 06: The number of cases in Mustoh village under Sohra Civil Sub Division has risen to
Residents should be vigilant to protect themselves as flooding is likely after heavy rains especially in areas near rivers and streams.
Due to the lack of information according to the complaint of the union on the benami of Khasi women, the EMs of KHADC have only investigated inside the market and sent enforcement to investigate inside the market and in the market. The KHADC has closed down four shops which have not renewed their licences.
The CoMSO, which opposes the MRSS Act, said that the Act passed by the Legislative Assembly does not contain these three provisions.
On the other hand, the residents of Dangar area under Mawsynram Constituency have been very concerned about the outage of mobile networks. truly understand the burden and problems of the people.
Under the supervision of the Prime Minister, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has adopted a forward-looking, rapid and inclusive approach to the Government and the community for the prevention of COVID-1 -19 since the start of the pandemic.
Shillong, Lber 28: The Congress party has two groups for the Rajya Sabha MP election to be held on the 18th of next month, one with Bah DD Lapang and one with CLP leader Dr Mukul Sangma.
According to sources, the mid-term election for the 2-Tura parliamentary constituency has gone smoothly without any incident.
Evangel Pohplet, who took part in the Wako India National Kickboxing Federation Cup (Junior) and won the gold medal;
Shillong, March 21: All the speakers who took part in the meeting organized by ICARE on Tuesday to protest against the curfew said that the government should relax and also on their part. and that there should be a dialogue because the central theme is how to prevent the influx of foreigners.
In his speech, Bah Lapang explained from his childhood until he reached the position of Prime Minister of the country and how the enemies took his life during the struggle. Khalistand.
For government works it was allocated on the 8th and 14th and for the opposition it was allocated on the 13th.
It also allows the movement of people from one side to the other.
On the same day, the full leaders of AJYWO East Jaintia Zone, Bah Kd.
In the Subroto Cup 2019, H Elias School defeated Andhra Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh, Maharashtra, Railway, Assam and Bokaro of Jarkhan and the final. played against Bangladesh and won the final.
In a short meeting held to mark the 15th Anniversary of the Meghalaya House, the Chief Minister explained how Meghalaya needs to have the Meghalaya House at this place. for the benefit of the people of the state.
If we think carefully, it is accepted that this is a part of the struggle against the society for its own laws within India and the State as a whole as well as for the lives of individuals. if we turn especially according to the provisions of the rights that should be enjoyed as citizens under the People's Republic of India.
The State Zoo is located at Umtrew in Ri Bhoi District and covers an area of ​​72 acres. The work is in progress and it will soon be operational. prime minister.
Shillong, July 25: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has urged the government to remove Pawan Sharma as Vice Chairman of the Meghalaya Commission on Resource Mobilization and Vijay Ray as Vice Chairman of the Meghalaya Program Implementation.
If you don't do this, you will be fined 1000 Tyngka.
Conrad congratulated the Prime Minister of India and other leaders who have made this effort to elect Droupadi Murmu as President of India.
“I don't understand much about this when I was young, but what I understand is that if the family is strong, the nation is strong, if the family is weak, the nation is weak. ".
Shillong, March 12: U Minister in charge of Road Construction, Martin M Danggo, together with officials of the department, inspected the Shillong-Nongstoin-Tura road, starting from Rangskhen. I went to Williamnagar in East Garo Hills.
He said that after the proposal by the Prime Minister to the United Nations General Assembly (UNGA) in November 2014, on 11th November, 2024, it was unanimously decided to celebrate the 21st July. such as the International Day of Yoga.
The Chiefs said that since 1948 they have demanded from the Government of India to provide a Party Less Council of Chiefs. Ms Guenauer, Research Scholar, came to Meghalaya to research and write about the canvassing system and election system in India especially in Meghalaya.
The Seng expects that this PHC will provide full services to the people of this area especially during the time of illness.
Three people have died from the disease today, two from East Khasi Hills and two from Ri Bhoi, bringing the total number of deaths so far to
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE) today released the results of 27,374 students who wrote the HSSLC 2024 examination. I compete regularly with private writers and the pass rate is 79.76%.
The small power plant is located in Muktapur village in Lakorh valley under Amlarem Civil Sub Division.
The Meghalaya government has been ready to talk.
The union would like to thank the Doctors, Counselors and staff from NEIGRIHMS Hospital who came to provide all the necessary equipment for this program and through their cooperation they were able to make the program a success.
The CEM of KHADC said that earlier, a meeting was held within the government convened by the Commissioner Secretary of District Council Affairs. The meeting was attended by the officers of the Legal Department of the District Councils and Muktiars at the meeting which was held on Tuesday 29/7/2
Mairang, Nailur 04: The Sub-Divisional Magistrate of Mairang Civil Sub-Division, Mairang in an order issued today said that after the tests have been completed, all the high risk contacts have been tested.
Mizoram is also a tourist attraction with many attractions highlighted by the B20 Conference of the G20 Presidency of India on 3rd October 2023 in Aizawl.
On this occasion, the party has also decided to convene the General Executive Council (GEC) on the 13th July 2017 at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall Mawkhar at 11 am.
The Seng feels that the presence of such responsible Officers is a blessing to the people of the village because he is an Officer who has kept his promise in achieving the aspirations of the people. The Seng has decided to repair the road within 10 months after the inspection.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The Khasi Jaintia Welfare Association (KJWA) in collaboration with the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian (KJP) Girl's Higher Secondary School, Mission Compound Shillong has organized a marathon on 27th May 125th Anniversary of School Quasquicentennial Celebration.
“The RDA will meet again soon to take a decision on the decision to nominate a joint candidate of these two political parties from the Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
More than 100 youths have already submitted their applications for admission to this training center and all of them are from East Garo Hills.
The deceased were identified as Aibokstar Nongrum, 27, and Kyrmenlang Nongrum,
The Chief Minister was speaking at a meeting in Ampati to distribute tablet PCs to students in the area.
" The Monolith Festival is the first time in Khasi Hills to showcase to the world the richness of the Khasi culture and traditions “It's a good idea to have a Khasi Protection Area Permit,” said Titos MLA and MDC of Sohra.
Shillong, Nailar 02: The Nangbah Students Union (NSU) has congratulated the Public Account Committee (PAC) of the Government of Meghalaya led by Bah Paul Lyngdoh for taking care of the issues of the students and the college. I have been invited to appear before the Education Department for many years.
“However, the DMHO office should have informed from the beginning and should have released the names, but the release of only 5 candidates for the interview for the post of Staff Nurse at the DMHO office has been released. “The authorities have clarified that they have selected 5 candidates for the personal interview through Internal Marks and now the question marks The answer is how you have been selected for Internal Marks without having taken the examination.
Furthermore, Bah Banteidor said that many of the villagers of the area are dependent on agriculture to support their families. He said that it is through these training programs that we can really improve our income, knowledge on agriculture. riang according to the present day and how to improve the work.
The delegation was led by Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman of the Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya.
Speaking on the mascot of the National Games 2022, Savaj the lion, Prime Minister Duh said it shows the spirit of the youth of the country, the love of fearlessness in the sports.
People are encouraged to take selfies at any of the 12 locations and upload them on the MyGov platform to participate in the contest.
He said that the HNLC since its inception has no confidence in the central government or the leaders of the Indian government.
The union leaders also said that they are not happy that the management of the factory should temporarily dismiss them from their jobs and at the same time the union has warned the management if these two foreigners they will continue to work within this factory there will be resentment and racism.
On the other hand, Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma said that the people of Garo Hills are aware of the political struggle regarding the Medical College and it will take a long time to build it.
It is to be recalled that the State Government has issued an Office Memorandum in 2010 under the Special Leave Appeal (Civil) No. 8516 of 2006 which has been decided by the High Court. India.
When new viruses appear, there is not always a cure.
Therefore, the truth is that the ethnic parties will not unite and will be able to stir up trouble or join those who form the government just to get a piece of bread, without being willing to share or the group. If you are stronger than the UDP, you will be stronger than the UDP.
After the meeting with the Minister of Home Affairs, FKJGP President Bah Wellbirth Rani told reporters that during the meeting with the Minister of Home Affairs, the three organizations have demanded that the government should suspend the construction of the railway line until the safety measures can be put in place against the influx of foreign authorities.
Public awareness campaigns will be held at various schools and colleges including market places.
He will also take part in three programs during these days including a march to campaign against the violation of human rights across India.
He said that one of the villages in Shella village, Kher Pyrkan, has been severely affected by the floods. as well as the road constructed with the funding of the SPV Society and other public projects.
The BJP has announced 45 candidates.
Shillong, March 01: Three persons were injured in a sudden explosion of a gas cylinder on Keating Road at 2 pm today. store.
The journalists arrived in Guwahati today and were welcomed with traditional customs.
The power, wisdom and will of the people today cannot be counted stingy.
It is learned that the reason for the delay in announcing these vacancies is due to the lack of appointment rules within the government department known as the Service Rule.
Prestone said the MHA has allowed the state government to improve the MRSSA before it is fully implemented in the state.
The Minister reminded that journalists not only have their freedom but they should remember that in the midst of freedom there is also responsibility for their work. in the differences in religion and solansar of the country, when looking at these we have to think.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: There are 58 new cases of COVID-19 in Shillong today, 50 cases from East Khasi Hills, 5 cases from West Khasi Hills and 5 cases from West Khasi Hills. There were 426 cases.
After that, a curfew was imposed at 4 pm, but today there has been a mass gathering and the curfew has been violated in Motphran and Mawkhar.
Answering questions, the DSP headquarters said that it is true that in the past two or three days, the race has been held until 1 pm. On the same day, 1200 and 1300 people were killed.
The villagers of Wapungskur have also demanded from the authorities in charge of the road to build rumble strips in two places where they are in need, namely on the road to Step By Step Secondary School Wapung and also at Step By Step Secondary School Wapung. KB Memorial Secondary School Wapung, for the benefit of the students.
Regarding the Minister of Education's statement to increase the salaries of SSA teachers, the union wants the government to expedite this payment and they will write to the government because So far, they have sent three petitions and now they will send them again to demand that the government should expedite the process.
On the other hand, the ANVC(B) leader said that the GNLA has been informed that there will be police going to Tura and they know that this is the case. The police team is not SWAT or SOT. This encouraged the GNLA to shoot at the police and they also knew the time they left and how long they arrived at the scene.
Wellbirth in the name of four days apologized to EM Jose for what happened this morning.
Chandra Nongdkhar said that on these requests, the Executive Engineer of the PWD National Highway Department has promised to take care of the matter even though the matter is in charge of the NHIDCL. Shillong, July 29: In 21 days, it will be 100 years since the Jaintia language was introduced in 25 characters, which was approved by the Government by publishing a notice in the Meghalaya Gazette. on April 11, 2022.
The club said that this is the first time that these children have won for the club, which has just been established under the training of Bah Sunny B.Warjri (PTI) who has been appointed as the club. Community Coach together with Suba Pyngrope in the State Government.
The KSU MMA and Fitness Team was inaugurated by the President of the KSU, Samla Lambokstar Marngar in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong of Lumiawblot Pyllon, Bah Don Khongshei. Nongthymmai Constituency Bah Latiplang Kharkongor and others.
Shillong, November 14: The National Highway-44 in parts of Jaintia Hills has been badly damaged, especially from Jowai West Jaintia Hills to Ratachera in East Jaintia Hills. too much that it cannot be called a National Highway.
The Seng has understood that no permission should be given to build places of worship on Government land which are Public Premises and the Seng will continue to monitor this.
In this regard, they met with the DGP today and demanded that more gates should be set up to check the entry of people into the state on all the borders with Assam as well as with Bangladesh.
Although mules are more expensive than those made of plastic, they have the advantage of not harming the environment and are more healthy, unlike plastics which have affected the environment.
The Cabinet also approved the implementation of a scheme to strengthen the health sector in the state with 80% funding from the World Bank and 20% from the state government. It will be for five years at a cost of Rs 352 crore.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: Due to the lockdown, farmers in the state have suffered a lot due to the lack of adequate market for their sales.
The Government clearly understands the responsibilities and will resolve these issues without delay.
Shillong, Lber 12: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma today said that the Cabinet meeting has approved a new policy on industrial activities in the state.
“KHNAM President Bah Pyndapborthiaw Saibon wants to remind the Prime Minister that the ILP is a tool to protect us minorities, and the non-implementation of this has become a pending issue. valid to date.
The Minister said the main reason for the loss of MeECL is that the government has not paid the Terminal Benefit of the employees in 2010 which amounted to T.844 crore. MEECL is happy to pay this to the employees. MeECL has already paid T.712 crore.
Last month, the Meghalaya High Court has sent a notice to the State Government and other departments to respond to the allegation that there are no rules in the age limit. part of the recruitment in the Meghalaya Police Department.
We are against the implementation of this (the UCC) and we have discussed this together now and we have drafted an Explanatory Note which we support on a firm basis,” said Bah Syiem.
The middle language will be according to the Dictionary which we will publish in the next few years,” said Dr. Nonglait.
The Dorbar Shnong Erpakon has resolved to expel all foreigners from the village and to ban them from working or doing business within the village. and the border of the city of Erpakon.
The CEO of Shillong Municipal Board has lodged a complaint with the Superintendent of Police, Shillong and urged that those involved should be arrested and punished. according to the rules of law.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: Richen Lhamo, Member of the National Commission for Minorities of the Union Government, on Tuesday said that the Meghalaya government has not yet set up the Meghalaya State Minority Commission. The Chief Secretary of the State has urged the Government to set up a Commission.
The Lamphang said that the Congress party has lodged a complaint with Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, Process T Sawkmie and Mohendro Rapsang, while Kimfa S Marbaniang and U.K. Mayralborn Syiem didn't have anything to do with it.
The loss of two lives in this tragic incident is a great loss and the Prime Minister has visited the families of the victims.
Activities to be carried out by farmers in relation to agriculture, custom hiring centers (CHCs), manufacturing and distribution of fertilizers, medicines and seeds and at the same time, the transportation of agricultural machinery related to the harvesting of crops inside and outside the state as well. and consider the guidelines issued by government agencies regarding personal care and hygiene.
This letter of the Panchayat is a scheme of someone and to mislead the people with a scheme of T.1,60,000 tyngka to treat the people in case of illness.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister said that the state has improved in many aspects.
At the time of writing, it is not possible to count how many people have been infected from the funeral home in Nongdom.
Jowai, Jymmang 26: U Nes Salahe, who has been accused of being a demon possession killer, has been killed in a shocking incident on Tuesday.
The Bishop explained four important points:
“The inclusion of our language in the Baphra Schedule is our part to fulfill what God has started,” said Bah Paul.
Fourteen members of the PDF attended the meeting, except for Bah LG Nongsiej and Bah Victor Rani who were not in Shillong but informed that they were with the PDF. Referring to the UDP, Dkhar said when they went to support the EC of Bah PN Syiem it was the party's decision and now it is up to the party to decide.
At the same time, the Court has also allowed the investigating officer to investigate the seizure of firearms from Edenbari Resort under Case No.166(07)2022 u/s 109/ 110/ 120/ 120B/121/121A IPC r/w 4/5 Explosive Substances Act, 1908 and was arrested in connection with this case.
Therefore, the Village Authorities have requested the State Planning Board and informed the Government to pass an Act to recognize the Dorbar Shnongs and to allocate a separate allowance for the Village Authorities as part of the implementation of the schemes. of the State Government, because as of now the Village Officers have worked voluntarily.
On the other hand, the MLA of this area, Martin M Danggo, who is also the Minister of Road Construction, said that with the acquisition of these two roads on the border with Bangladesh, It helps a lot to make it easier for the people of the area to travel.
The total expenditure is estimated at T.12,873 crore and the revenue is T.12,510 crore.
The Prime Minister said that special attention should be paid to income generation and also to continue the fight against COVID-1
When entering or staying in a village whether a government employee or a contractor, there should be procedures that the Rangbah Dong and Rangbah Shnong must comply with in accordance with the laws and regulations of the KHADC. The District Magistrate of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, in an order issued on 20th November 2023 under Section 144 of the CrPC, has banned the mining of shyiap in the areas of Langtor, Shyrwang and Ksehkohmoit. It is located in the Eastern West Khasi Hills District.
On the media appearance of the map on the Garoland demand, the GSMC chairman said that they do not have any map drawn yet. Hundreds of Garo people from Garo Hills have come to Shillong from Garo Hills to take part in this rally. you are from Garoland.
The MJAC will go back to the Supreme Court to appeal against the government led by Conrad Sangma, as there is no other way to force the government to do anything. They should not do anything by appealing to the Supreme Court.
Besides the leaders of KJCLF, those who were present were the leaders of KSU, FKJGP, JSU, HYC, HANM, CORP, COMSO and others who expressed their concerns and need for support in prayers. of Church leaders and parents in the country.
In 1968, he also served as President of the Mawlai Town Dorbar (MTD) until
Arlene MN Sangma60 Baghmara – ST Lazarus M.Sangmana The current MLA who has lost his ticket is Bah Stanliwis Rymbai.
So far, 5238 people have been tested positive for the RTPCR test.
The performance of the children impressed all those who came to witness this talent.
She also urged the people not to be afraid and to follow the rules to prevent the spread of COVID-1
The same people whom they (the government) have appointed, the same people who one day will succeed in the seat they (the government) are sitting on now and will become prime ministers if they don't see far,” he said. Police on Friday set fire to the Star Cement Factory, Lumshnong East Jaintia Hills District. Police have seized drugs from a drug trafficker in Lumshnong. around the state.
Of these, 16 cases were close contacts, one case was Influenza like illness, one case was tested at Woodland Hospital, 2 cases were tested at NEIGRIHMS Hospital and one case was negative. come from outside the state.
This is to commemorate his visit to Shillong.
Shaiborlang L. Mawphlang won the bronze medal.
Under his leadership, India has transformed into a peaceful and self-reliant country and this is in line with the country's history.
The construction of the Jhad which will run around the lake at Umiam is in progress and this is part of the attraction of tourists from all over the world to visit this place which is one of the largest lakes in the state.
However, this is the first time that sales have topped Rs 1.5 crore.
After learning about the development works done by Assam in the area, it was clearly understood that this is only for the development of the area, but the land that Assam cannot accept. That this will fall under Assam, this will be within the Hima Nongspung, it will be part of Meghalaya, that is why I have come today.
Referring to the peace talks, the DGP said the government has made it clear that if the HNLC members want to come for peace talks, they should come first, while the members of the HNLC have set rules. and it came to pass that she didn't go anywhere.
“The Minister also spoke about the North-East Education Conclave held in Guwahati on Saturday and said that the North East has about 180 languages ​​and it is the responsibility of the NEP. to promote all these.
Before the confirmation of the members of the new circle, the General Secretary of the party Samla LS Rymbai gave a briefing on the foundation of the party.
The results of this competition will be donated to the Ferrando Speech and Hearing Centre.
These election methods are different from one Hima/Elaka to another, if the Phareng respects, the Assam Government respects. have.
She expects to pass well in the matric examination because of her hard work and determination.
In the incident which happened on Friday night, police have arrested four persons in connection with the stone throwing.
Shillong, Lber 06: U Bah Francis G Kharshiing IPS, Chairman of the Central Recruitment Board of the Police Department, on Tuesday said that they have taken many measures to ensure that the recruitment process will be fair.
Shillong, Iaiong 15: The Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya, Dr. BDR Tiwari, today said that the total number of voters in the state is 2226567, male 1099517 lakh and female voters 1127047 lakh. There are 3 employees and 3884 employees abroad.
Therefore, when compared with other States and especially countries around the world, it is clear that God is still able to deliver the State from this disease, along with the obedience of the people to the orders of the Government.
Members of think tanks including Shombi Sharp, United Nations Resident Coordinator in India, and Federico Salas Lotfe, Mexican Ambassador to India will also attend the programme.
“Since 1924, the Golf Course has been opened to foreign countries.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: There have been 32 new cases of COVID-19 confirmed in Shillong today, 24 cases from East Khasi Hills and 4 cases from West Khasi Hills. There are 290 people in the country.
This action by the police has angered the members of the party because they have arrested and accused the members and then accused them of involvement which we cannot accept.
Conrad said it is necessary to empower and strengthen the Gram Sevaks and to look into how to improve the working methods of the Gram Sevaks.
In a statement, the KSU South West Khasi Hills District strongly opposes the entry of foreigners into the area in the name of "trained workers" actual intention to come into the area.
Conrad K Sangma congratulated the Prime Minister of India for this donation to the farmers of India through the PMkisan Yojana.
Shillong, Nailar 11: U Dr Mukul Sangma, Leader of the Congress Party and Leader of the Opposition in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, has denied reports that he wants to join the BJP. On Twitter, Dr Mukul said that this is a false news and directed the Cyber ​​Crime Department to investigate the news.
In his speech, K.Moses Chalaiu said that it is essential to bring innovation and technology to startups and small businesses in order to develop them.
The deceased was identified as Somikson D Sangma, 60, of Cherengere, Tura.
Schools are the center of ideas, creativity and aspirations and universities should be places that promote research – research for the benefit of society and people and also to bring more convenience to the lifestyle, he added.
Answering a question on the share of JHADC, Phazmon said that in the last few months, they have received twice the share of JHADC from the state government. T.14 crore and T.18 crore respectively and this money has been spent on payment of salaries of employees.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: AICC President Sonia Gandhi today appointed Adrian L. Chyne Myllien as the President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Youth Congress (MPYC). L Banphiralang Basaiawmoit and Henry Kharmuti have been appointed as the Vice Presidents of the MPYC in Meghalaya.
The purpose of the exercise is to strengthen the troops of both countries to fight insurgency in these areas which are also under the Sub Conventional Articles of Chapter VII of the United Nations.
The program was attended by tax authorities and policy makers from 20 developing countries in the Asia Pacific region, including delegates from member countries. who are not participating in current negotiations within the OECD/G20 Inclusive Framework.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: Leaders of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) today submitted a letter to the state government demanding that it should suspend the recruitment in various government departments in the state.
Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District, Giri Prasad M., in a statement sent to media, said that during the search, police have recovered drugs and ammunition from one of them. The victim was identified as Mizazur Rahman Barbhuiya, a resident of Kachudaram, Part-II, Silchar.
Soil was taken from four villages to be sent to Delhi.
All the Regional Directors of NSTIs are requested to cooperate fully with the State Government authorities to assist them in providing for the needs at any time of incident.
Stadhi Nongrum General Secretary, SK Choudhury, Rahul Bajaj, Jerry Tochhang, EC members and Parambia Singh, former president of the party.
Ms Mitimai Basaiamoit said that the Creche has been running for 34 years and she explained the purpose of setting up this Creche which has 30 children. the beds.
The vacancy for the post of Chairman of the KHADC comes after Bah Manstudy Nongrem MDC of the Congress party resigned after the party had already suspended Bah PN Syiem as a member of the Congress party. .
The meeting was conducted by Bah BJ Mawrie in the first session, Dr BM Laloo, spokesperson Dr AC Lyngdoh Director IMD, other speakers were Bah S Bordoloi, Advisor IMD. SDMA. ADPO, DDMA and welcome speech by Bah K Umdor.
Jungkot 12: The AICC leader has refused to invite other MLAs from other parties to form a government in Meghalaya.
For intra-state transportation of goods, they have their own e-way bill systems in different states.
In the coming years, it is essential that PMMY takes advantage of the benefits of 5G technology and e-commerce, while increasing the use of Mudra cards.
On the 20th of this month, a 26-year-old girl lodged a complaint with the Rynjah Police Station regarding the rape of four children. are about 20 and 21 years old.
He said that all the soldiers of the Assam Rifles have received all three doses of the COVID-19 vaccine which has achieved the goal of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, in a very short time.
The group was accompanied by Deinie Tariang, District Handloom Officer, Ri Bhoi District, P. Suting, Weaving Inspector and Roselia Pyngrope, Weaving Demonstrator.
The candidates will be announced as soon as the Election Commission of India announces the election.
Shillong, November 28: Ka JSU Syndai unit has held a public awareness campaign on the topic “Avoid childbirth which affects health”. SSLC, HSSLC, UNDER GRADUATE, POST GRADUATE. There were 15 students who passed the examination. Dr. Figo Syndai as a football player who played for Langsning Sport Club, Mr. Dapmon Syngkor as a photographer who has won many awards in various photography competitions.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Sanjay Goyal, has met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Sanjay Goyal to discuss the issue. take this path of protest to force the government.
The University shall extend and extend the dates for payment of semester and examination fees of students and also to forgive semester and examination fees. pay for Bai reading.
The BSF has not yet announced the name of the HNLC member who came to surrender his sword in front of the BSF troops.
Shillong, March 02: Saindur Enviro today celebrated the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi with a campaign against the use of plastic bags which has affected the environment. in the state of Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the Minister promised that arrangements will be made so that the entry of those students to study should not be delayed.
Forms can be obtained from the Reception of Don Bosco Youth Center or downloaded from the FB/Instagram/YouTube page of the Don Bosco Media Network. Last year, Chevinia Mawnai was the winner of the Vocal Star Award in the United Kingdom.
Shillong, July 11: The Minister of State for Electronics and Information Technology, Rajeev Chandrasekhar will arrive in Meghalaya tomorrow for a two-day visit.
During the visit, the DGP said that Chersiterfield had opened the door of the house and had fought back by using a knife to fight against the police. and the bullet was from the lower part of the body where he was wounded and died.
Replying to a question on the smuggling of coal, the Chief Minister said the government has arrested 203 smugglers in 2014, 541 in In 2016, 117 were arrested, in 2017, 274 were arrested and in 2018, 400 were arrested.
The HPF is saddened to see that when there is no water flowing from Umiam why they don't work properly, this is a great loss to the state and especially to Ri Bhoi and the farmers in this area.
Please don’t go out on the sidewalks of your communities, do this from the pockets or balconies of your homes.
As the party stands on the foundation to bring unity in the Bri Hynniewtrep from time to time if we don't surprise the people now where will the future of the heritage go like this if they come out it will cause other people to You residents of Mawsngi, Mawkhap show us the example of unity.
The National Testing Agency (NTA) has been conducting the NEET (UG) examination for the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) since June
These errors have led to the failure of the candidates to write the Written Examination of the LDA which was held on that date as mentioned above.
There are groups with evil intentions who want to duplicate and weaken activities and realities such as progress," he said, urging the youth to take steps to destroy these groups.
Kim (Congress) cannot hide.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Bah D Khognsit General Secretary of the party, said that the party has not given any complaint but the minister has He said that they will do something this month regarding the marten.
Sanbor also submitted a petition regarding the allocation of funds from the Ministry of Home Affairs to support the water tank, to upgrade the Cantonment Board School to Class 12 and to improve the Goenka Hospital. which is 20 years old.
Jowai, July 23: Nine villages in Umkiang area from Chymplong to Ratacherra have given their full support to the call for a night curfew by the AJYWO, KSU, FKJGP and the National Assembly. HNYF on the 27th and 28th of this month to protest against the government's failure to repair the National Highway 44 due to its poor condition which has affected the traffic of the people.
This was announced by the Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs, Bah Shakliar Warjri in his reply to the Assembly on Tuesday.
The Chief Secretary of the State said that he was informed of the order by the Advocate General of the State Government, in accordance with the decision of the Supreme Court of India. on 15/01/2
Speaking in the House, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the extension of the special benefits for MPs and LA Constituencies has been done every 10 years by the Central Government. has received the approval of at least 15 states and as a state with a large number of minorities, it is necessary to accept this.
In order to meet her own tuition and family needs, she worked many jobs.
The party plans to send up to 5000 articles on various issues such as the recognition of the state languages ​​in the Khyrnit Baphra, the establishment of Medical Colleges, the improvement of health facilities, the birth of jobs for young people and so on.
If this is the case, the ethnic parties in Meghalaya will now remain a shynrong without principles and it is also a shame and disgrace in front of the whole world.
The Chief Minister said that the government has prepared various schemes for the people of the state, by bringing the responsibilities and work of the government closer to the people, is to see that the development works are carried out. The government's actions should be appropriate for the people.
The MJA also informs all judo athletes that there will be District and State Level Selection Trials which will have to be completed by 14th October 2014 so that we can select the judokas to take part in the North East Games it shall be done.
Nongstoin, Jymmang 23: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District today announced that the 26th of this month will be a public holiday. .
The Citizenship Amendment Act does not apply to areas without the Sixth Schedule. In the state, there are areas without the Sixth Schedule. After the House has sent a resolution that the Meghalaya government wants to implement the ILP in the state, the state government has He has met with the Central Government in this regard and the Government itself has taken action to introduce the ILP in Meghalaya.
and A.L.
Referring to Bah Balajied Kupar Synrem, who won the mid-term elections, he said that the government will use his skills and knowledge for the benefit of the people and victory by winning the elections. most of all speaks clearly of the trust of the people in this man.
KHNAM Working President Thomas Passah has said that Garo Hills has received many development projects in the past decades of governments. He visited Garo Hills to see the changes compared to Shillong.
Many famous actors like Karishma Kapoor, Kainaat Arora, Bruna Abdullah and Nawazuddin Siddiqui will attend the festival.
The Dorbar unanimously opposed the signing of the agreement on the 22nd of last month , and the whole Dorbar ordered these parties to withdraw the agreement signing approval.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma on Friday inaugurated the first GNM Nursing School in Nongstoin. Macmillan Byrsat was accompanied by officials from the District Health Department.
The Members' Pension (Amendment) Bill 2017 was also introduced on the same day.
As a welfare organization, the organization cannot accept at all to be killed like animals and if it is true that the allegations according to the media that the four persons are suspected of killing “It is the drug dealers or drug users who feel that even if they are accused, they should not be rude but should be warned in the right way and shown how to live,” said the statement.
In a public announcement, the Deputy Commissioner has directed that those who receive this SMS through the mobile of the DC should inform their friends and neighbors to be vigilant. If this erlangthri rises to these Khasi hills, no tragic incident will happen.
He said that no one can force or even buy a vote just because of money and if that happens it will cause a lot of trouble in the future and it will become a terrible evil for all those who are still alive here. on earth for tomorrow.
He said that due to the heavy rainfall in the past few months, it has not been possible to implement this scheme. The Government will direct the staff to start developing a Treatment Plan.
It also showed how sports activities bring unity," Minister Duh said.
Shillong, Naitung 18: The meeting of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to be held today at the Dorbar Hall of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima has failed due to the absence of the authorities in charge of the KHADC. buried in the forest of Mawpat.
Pynursla, March 26: The children of Bah Brington Buhai Lyngdoh together with the UDP party today held a celebration of the 13th death anniversary of Bah Brington Buhai Lyngdoh, which was held at Pynursla constituency. to the State Legislative Assembly.
However, the Government has now decided to establish a good foundation for such trips, to reduce the number of trips abroad to only twice and also to submit reports so that there will be no more waste of public money.
Shillong, Jan 14: Shillong Lajong FC will start their Federation Cup match against Salgoacar FC in Cochin in Group C tomorrow at 4 pm. The match will be broadcast on Ten Action.
He said that to preach religion in India is a right granted by the Constitution of India.
Shillong, Nailar 26: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today announced that 16 new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in the country. Garo Hills 2 people.
Laloo said that the party has not yet received any information from the government regarding their demand to appoint the DC, as they have not received any information from the government. The union will proceed with the decision to hold a strike tomorrow morning at the MTC bus stand in Jowai.
The CEM said that the existing land in Rangmaw was donated to the KHADC in 2015, during the tenure of CEM PN Syiem and there was an agreement to appoint two persons. from the house, while the land was bought and paid for during the tenure of CEm Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit.
On the other hand, Bah Roipar Kharraswai said that due to the lack of land, the people have to talk again with the company, but who will call for that talk when the government has already set up a High Level Committee. .
According to a public announcement by the Election Commission of India on 15th March this year, the Election Commission of India has recognized the party as a registered unrecognized political party in Meghalaya.
To pave the way for more efficient freight transportation, the Government has invested heavily in the improvement of the country’s logistical infrastructure.
Hamlet said the most important issue is that the government should take action to build gates to check the entry and exit of people and this will start first in Ri Bhoi District. The government has taken action against the influx of foreigners because as a small nation, the government has taken action against this.
The repair work was led by Nehimaya Tyngkan and his supporters and the residents of the area.
Regarding the number of employees, he said that at present there are 300 employees and those who have already taken premature leave are about 120 employees. “It is true or not that at this time too, there has been a proposal to the employees of MCCL that if anyone wants to retire without having done so, he said,” he said. The General Manager said that no such letter has been received.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday said that if anyone from the East Jaintia Hills District, who feels that you have been insulted in the name of ethnicity in any part of India, You can send your complaint to the following e-mail address:.
He said the best universities in the world like Cambridge and Oxford are private universities.
Prayer was offered before the start and a short speech was delivered by Bah Bhaboklang Sohshang President HYC Tyrsad Circle.
It is understood that the best places for them to migrate are the states in the North East especially Meghalaya which is the closest and has a large border with Assam.
Then together with the teachers, the Principal of the College welcomed the new students of this year and gave them a guideline on how to reach the levels of education. This year there are 280 students and some of these students are disabled. However, the Principal said that the college has a goal to provide the best service to the college. for their part too.
There are 162 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 62 from West Khasi Hills and 61 from West Khasi Hills. 76892 people.
He asked the question that we should think about what kind of society we want in the future.
This is part of the efforts to keep the village clean and tidy especially along the NH-44 which passes through Ummulong village as well as the village roads.
At the same time, the CEM of KHADC said that he is pleased to see that the KHADC has sent a written petition to the Supreme Court on the government's response to the ILP bill. The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has understood the difference between the entry and exit points and the ILP. to prevent the illegal entry of people from outside the state.
Spading Mawlong was elected as President, Diweljon Mawlong as General Secretary, Wadlang Mawlong as Organizing Secretary and Sarwet Mawlong as Spokesperson. Skeding Mawlong Sports Secretary and Rijop Ryntathiang Education Secretary and 16 other members of the party.
Shillong, Nailur 06: The Executive Committee of the 17th North Constituency Committee (CNC) on Tuesday confirmed the appointment of Adelbert Nongrum as the Working President of the 17th North Constituency Committee. He is also the seating MDC of Jaiaw constituency as the candidate of KHNAM for the MLA election in
Therefore, we strongly oppose the conversion of the BSF Camp into a public area in Khliehriat by the State Government. “It has been used for the BSF troops,” said Cherity S Suja, General Secretary of KSU Khliehriat Circle.
After arriving at the Lahore Gate at 07.18 pm, Narendra Modi will be welcomed by Defense Minister Rajnath Singh and Defense Secretary Dr Ajay Kumar.
Surprisingly, this Dkhar who claimed to be from Nagaon, Assam had reached Dawki without proper permits or documents.
Samla Robert Khongsit, Organizing Secretary, KSU Mawlai Circle and Samla Biangbor L. Paliar, President, KSU Mawlai Circle.
The Editor of SP News Agency sends its condolences to the family members of the deceased on the occasion of the passing away of this great man. He wrote a report for Mawphor in
Shah said through the 'storage' facilities provided by the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, PACS can now build modern storage facilities at a low cost.
In fact, the government should have done something in the past, especially since last year when that incident happened but the Meghalaya government has not addressed the problem of the students from Jaintia Hills and Jaintia Hills. “This has made the party very happy,” said Bah MH Dkhar, President of the AJYWO Central Body.
If the youth do not attend classes, the Government should be responsible because we don't want to see or hear that the Government is only talking about improving education in our state without showing action.
Prevention of diseases through hygiene, Yoga and Ayurveda will promote health and protect against diseases.
The Government should not touch public funds to spend once again on this issue.
Speaking on the occasion, PDF Leader Bah Hamletson Dohling, who is also a Minister in the MDA government, said that this election is important not only for the NPP but especially for the MDA government. He urged the people to support Clement G Momin for the victory.
This is the news sent by PIB (SP News).
He joined the army in 1972 with the 8 Gorkha Rifles.
“Initially we will try this dosing regimen in only a few patients.
To urge the government to suspend the construction of the railway line, the civil society has decided to hold a sit-in on the 21st of this month. The Additional Secretariat has urged the government to stop the construction of the railway line until the security measures are in place.
When the market was brought to the market, the shopkeepers did not get a bus because the bus owners did not give them their buses. There are no buyers in the shops because people have left the streets to buy.
There are about 3,000 MeECL employees who have retired and joined before October
The jail authorities are conducting an investigation into the incident.
The Minister also expressed his gratitude to Bah Paul Lyngdoh for bringing this issue to the House and to all the members who took part in this discussion. The Government will look into the matter.
There are 14 recoveries, 1 from East Garo Hills, 1 from East Jaintia Hills, 3 from East Khasi Hills, 5 from Ri Bhoi, 1 from South Garo Hills, 2 from West Khasi Hills. The total number of recoveries has risen to 91913 so far.
They not only demanded money but also threatened to kidnap him and his brother if he does not pay the money.
The employees of the MTC today staged a protest by sitting in front of the MTC building in Khyndailad and carrying placards reading that they condemn the authorities. Shillong, November 14: The Shillong Municipal Board today started distributing forms for land vendors to register with the office so that they can sit and sell again in the areas where the office. will give them.
The UDP has not announced the names of these MLAs from these constituencies because they have not yet resigned as MLAs. The party is still waiting for them to step down so that they can announce their names.
It is worth mentioning that Conrad said this in the session of Parliament on
After this, some people gathered at Motphran with the intention of going to Them Motor and at the same time some people from Them Motor carried weapons.
He also distributed T.5,00,000/- to his two leaders, Bnai Rymbai who received T.5,00,000/- and Karwing Muruh who received T.6,00,000/-. Rymbai, which was born on Rymbai Day, received 2 lakh 50 thousand tyngka.
The purpose of this exhibition is to provide awareness about the Armed Forces and at the same time to encourage youth to join the Armed Forces and other armed forces.
He said the government has purchased another 66,000 vaccines for those between the ages of 18-44 years, while for those aged 45 years and above there are still 72,000 vaccines in the state. .
The passing of these oldest Jeeps in Shillong today has caused the pedestrians to stop and watch these vehicles. in the city of Shillong.
PC.This will apply throughout the District in accordance with Regulation 3 of the Meghalaya Pandemic Diseases, COVID-19 Regulations, 2020 and the directive of the Ministry of Home Affairs issued on 1st June night curfew throughout the District from 18th to 25th June
According to this rule, all agricultural products as well as forest products and factory products have been deducted. wildlife.
Shillong, March 29: The office of the Deputy Commissioner Supply of East Khasi Hills today informed the public that the ration has been released to the public and the people will get the ration from the ration distribution centres.
“If the mistake in writing the name of a road, like NH-44 instead of NH-6 can be corrected within a few months, how difficult will it be for GRIL to correct the spelling mistakes of our villages and land on the signboards along the NH-6, for the common benefit of all especially us the indigenous people.
The Minister in charge of Power has promised that within a year all 772 personnel will be appointed. of them due to the delay in their appointment and the merit list dies.
Shillong, June 10: U Minister of State for Sports, Zenith Sangma today laid the foundation stone for the construction of a school building at Salmapara of SWGH District at a cost of T.1.15 crore. to provide quality education to children.
Afterwards, certificates were distributed to the participants by the Chief Guest and Fr.Celia.
The workshop will include discussions on topics such as gender equality, sports and entrepreneurship, Government partnerships with individuals and private groups.
Speaking on the occasion, James Mawphniang said that other ethnic groups have been trying to get jobs abroad and urged the Khasi students not to wait for jobs. jobs within their own states but they should strive to compete with other states by going to other states in search of jobs especially to apply for Central Recruitment like Civil Services and others.
He cited the example of the FOCUS or Skill Development schemes of the state government which do not have any special provision for people with disabilities.
New Delhi, Jymmang 29: U Prime Minister Narendra Modi today held an important meeting to discuss the measures that the Government will take to provide support to children who have become children of sweat due to the Covid-19 pandemic.
He said that the removal of the CEM is in three parts, if the term expires, the MDC, he resigns and thirdly, if he is removed on a motion of no confidence in the House, the post of Chairman is also in three parts. , if he resigns, he will be removed by decision according to the rule of AD Rule 107 of the House and thirdly if he expires as an MDC. He is still the MDC of Mawkhar Pynthorumkhrah which means he is still the Chairman.
In the junior category, Ram Lanong won the men's title and Rosezana Kharkongor won the women's title.
In a letter sent today, he said that he has received many complaints about the influx of foreign workers into the state and this influx of foreign workers at such a time will be a challenge in this struggle. against the COVID-19COVID-19 pandemic and this will complete the hard work of the government.
Police have recovered a suloi and several unused bullets from the scene.
Shillong, June 27: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Central Executive Council (KSU) has met with four Khasi youths to take part in the IX World Cup Kick Boxing – WAKO 2018 to be held from 2018 until 04.06.2018 in Anapa, Russia.
The march started from Mawkhar and continued until it reached the Secretariat.
These microplastics pollute the oceans, the land and the air.
Even in the heavy rain, many leaders attended the meeting.
On the other hand, Samla Rapbor Nongrum encouraged the students of the three universities that it is through these programs that the Seng encourages the students to join hands in all fields and especially when When they have completed their studies, they should continue their studies or jobs in other parts of the state or outside the state but they should not forget their own culture which they have from the language, the thylliej, the dress and the beit. you akor you birom.
Most Sports, Polo.
On the other hand, the Congress leader said that it is under the Sixth Schedule that protection has been given to the minorities in Meghalaya. Raj, the Sixth Schedule cannot be compared with money.
Shillong, Nailur 12: There are six new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, one in Ri Bhoi, one in West Garo Hills and one in West Garo Hills. There are 66 people in Shitom.
Regarding the appointment of doctors, he said that the government is still looking for ways and means to expedite the appointment and recognize them as educated government employees. struggling with how to remove them.
Shillong, Nailar 22: The CEM of JHADC to summon all 19 Dolloi and 1 Sirdarship – Bah John F Kharshiing has accepted to advise the authorities. John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, Meghalaya State Planning Board and Chairman, Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States, met with Ma Thombor Shiwat, MDC, Chief Executive Member, JHADC, on 21st August 2014, at 11.30 pm, at the office of the CEM, JHADC, Jowai, on some urgent issues affecting the Khadar administration of the Hima/Elaka in Jaintia Hills District.
“We have a responsibility to elect leaders who have responsibility for the constituency and especially for the state as a whole.
Speaking to police after his arrest, he alleged that the C-In-C of the GNLA, Sohan D Shira, had collected all the money collected in the name of the GNLA during these years. The GNLA has been financially severely affected in the past five years.
The Capital Grant will bring natural gas to various consumers such as factories, PNG (Domestic), CNG (Transport) and others and will help to shift away from dependence on oil.
On the additional question regarding the State Animals Welfare Board, the Minister said that the State Animals Welfare Board has a time limit. the government will find ways to help.
At present, it has not brought benefits to the people because it does not have that equal opportunity.
Speaking to SP News Agency, some people who did not want to be named said that they want to recognize any group in the Dorbar Shnong in the Speaker, but now the state does not have a Speaker. the Deputy Speaker shall not be able to take the decision of the Village.
The second regional workshop with six Northern States/UTnas will be held on 10th and 11th October, 2023 in Kochi.
Other students who came in the Top Ten include John Vianney Lyngdoh from St. John Bosco Boys' Hr.Sec School, Sohra who came in sixth place; North Liberty Higher Secondary School, Mookyrdoop-Jowai in 7th place, Rimika Esther Dkhar of Laban Bengalee Girls' Higher Secondary School, Shillong in 8th place, Kyrmenlang Nongrum of Village Durbar Higher Secondary School, Swer in 8th place. Pynbhashisha Nongbri of Auxilium Girls' Higher School, Shillong in fifth place and Monkynjailin Syngkon of St. Dominic's Higher Secondary School, Mawkyndeng in
In a statement, Bah Donshiew alleged that the state government has always listened and ignored the citizens of the state in the border areas, which has led to the arrival of people from other states. They have taken away the land of the villagers in this state.
Shillong, March 10: The GNLA in Garo Hills has arrested Anjan Ch Momin, one of the oldest members of the GNLA who held the rank of Surgeon. .
Bishops, Priests and religious leaders from Christian groups were present on the occasion when the Prime Minister of India visited the Catholic Church at the Sacred Heart Cathedral. , Delhi.
Ernest Mawri, President of the BJP State Unit, Ernest Mawri, said in a statement that the TMC should be immediately rejected in the ethnic areas and including in the state as a whole. sun.
This is the beginning of the KSU's campaign to ensure that there will be no smuggling in the Border Area of ​​South West Khasi Hills District and other areas under Mawsynram Block.
Shillong, March 17: The Governor of Meghalaya, Ganga Prasad today approved the new Executive Members of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC). published in a government announcement today.
As someone involved in healthcare, the pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical industries and as an entrepreneur, I believe that one of the bright spots of this Government is the hard work to build healthcare infrastructure better and stronger ones.
On the other hand, the Chief Executive Members of the Federation of Khasi States are pleased to follow up on these statements of the Chief Minister as these rules are related and affect the settlement of the border between Meghalaya and Assam.
The speech of the President of the Republic was published as follows.
The reason for the strike of these employees is that the university has not implemented the scheme approved by the central government through the Fifth Pay Commission which belongs to the central government.
Shillong, Naiwieng 03: A meeting was held today between the Government of Meghalaya and Israel at Pinewood Shillong to discuss how to use modern technology to develop soybean agriculture and rep jhur in this state.
How can he cross the interstate border between Assam and Meghalaya without the knowledge of the authorities in charge at Byrnihat or Ratacherra?
Prestone said that to bring development projects to the villages, there is a need for joint cooperation between the government and the people in all aspects for the development of the village and the community. the whole area.
According to the estimates, Bah Hector Marwein IAS, who was supposed to get the post of Chief Officer, has a term of office of only five months, while MS Rao has a term of office of one year and five months.
Noting that global needs have now changed, Prime Minister Duh pointed to the importance of data.
At this public meeting, he criticized the Congress party for its policies which have affected the people.
The Seng congratulates all the church authorities, writers and teachers who have taken the initiative to urge the Government to declare the 22nd July every year as a government holiday.
The KHADC should have 37 MDCs, 35 elected by the people and two appointed by the Governor. , in which one shall be a woman and the other a man as decided in the House.
Shillong, July 15: U Tenny Shabong Secretary of the NEHU Workers Union (NEHU) today said that they have temporarily suspended their 100-day strike since morning. After a meeting with the NEHU Workers Union and the NEHU management, the strike will continue from tomorrow morning until 30th July. 2022 what comes out of the talks will be decided.
“This is a big blow to the NIOS,” said Bah Rymbai.
The Government of Meghalaya has decided to implement the FOCUS and FOCUS+ schemes worth T.200 crore to provide financial assistance to the farmers of the state as they have been affected by the pandemic. COVID-19.
Praising the Budget 2022, Dr D. War Thangkhiew, Assistant Professor, Department of Economics, North Eastern Hill University, said that it can be a “powerful tool to address the shortage of signs. of social and economic conditions.
At present, the ruling People's Democratic Front (PDF) has 24 MDCs in the 29-member House.
He said that according to the RTI reply received from the Shillong Municipal Board, there are only 195 households working within the Municipal and other Government departments while 147 others are employed. Security Guards, shopkeepers, volunteers, religious leaders and non-employees of Government departments.
: Three leaders on Tuesday joined the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) at a meeting held at the BJP headquarters in Shillong.
He said from 2019 to 2022, more than 6,900 members of the armed forces have surrendered and more than 4,800 weapons have been handed over to the authorities.
At a public meeting, Ardent said that the Nagas and Mizos have received Article 371, which stipulates that there will be no laws of parliament to work in these states.
For the first time in the history of India, a system has been introduced to enroll 38 crore non-government employees.
Leaders from the four selected Himas attended the opening ceremony of the statue of Tirot Sing Syiem. Mylliem and Bhowal went to appear before the chiefs.
On the other hand, the KSU said that this affects the cleanliness and especially the health of the residents of this area who drink water from this well.
There are 26 cases of the disease.
The question now is, if the Government does not believe in repairing the most important roads in Shillong, how much more the bad roads in the rural areas.
At this meeting, Bah Dohling said that the jaidbynriew still has many remaining tasks, whether it is in the border issue and others.
What I want to criticize is that the Tenants Bill has been implemented in Meghalaya from other states of India. or to force the indigenous people and the Sengbhalang to say that the Meghalaya Regulation of Landlords and Verification of Tenants Bill which is a law to ban non-tribal officials is nonsense.
The Prime Minister said that the railway line should be extended to Sohra only to attract tourists and to attract foreign tourists.
On the other hand, Bah Syiemlieh said that in the past years, only one ksing has died, even if the kiaw ngap has died, but it has not affected others. singing.
On the complaint of the mother, police have arrested Bah Shibormi and the investigation is ongoing.
Answering questions, Gangopadhyay said that the TGU authorities have already lodged a complaint with the Vistor of the university and the police chief. The state should search and arrest the people who have made famous this university which is about to start in Meghalaya.
Sanbor, who has just been appointed as the new president of the NCP, is also the party's candidate from Shillong South in the upcoming elections on 23rd June this year.
Under the 'UdeDeshKaAamNagrik (UDAN)', which is a scheme for connectivity, the Civil Aviation Department has identified the North East as a priority area.
Shillong, Lber 13: While the state has begun to return to peace and order, the Ri Bhoi Youth Liberation Front (RBYLF) has emerged from Ri Bhoi. ).
The curfew was led by the GSU and NESU to protest against the deaths of two youths, Balsan Marak and Witson M. Sangma.
Wansuk Syiem, 57, has been elected as MP Raja Sabha for a year after Thomas Sangma resigned as NCP Raja Sabha MP. The Raja Sabha elections in Meghalaya have come to an end and the commission has announced to hold the elections in the state.
Shillong, November 08: The All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) Leader Dr Mukul Sangma today called on the four MLAs who are still in the Congress party to think carefully and join the party. Speaking to reporters after the reply requested by the office of the Speaker of the House, the Congress party signed by Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh said, On the complaint filed by the Congress, Dr Mukul said that this is just to intimidate them to join the AITC. “There is nothing wrong with the AITC,” they replied in a letter sent by the Lamphang's office today.
Another thing is that only MBOSE in India has a second language in English, which means that a Khasi can pass the board examination without knowing his own language. to improve because most of those who write the examination in English are Khasi.
Shillong, Lber 26: The United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM) Central Executive Council (UHM) in a statement, strongly condemns the robbery of Golflink by the criminals inside the Golflink. Three persons from Wahkaji village were shot and beaten and the rest were seriously injured. One of them is unconscious and is now in the ICU of the hospital.
" said Bah MH Dkhar, President of AJYWO.
Meanwhile, the Director of Makarious Medical Centre, Mairang, Dr.M.Syiem in his speech urged all to have a spirit of compassion for the people with disabilities. He also urged all to bring about a change in their thinking by focusing on the abilities of those with disabilities through the talents that God has given them.
Shillong, November 11: The Meghalayan Age Store was inaugurated on 9th November 2021. The Meghalayan Age Store will serve as a platform to help the handicraft makers, weavers and farmers of the state to expand in the supply of their products to other parts of India and abroad.
The LYWA alleged that the Deputy Commissioner CP Gotmare and the Superintendent of Police Ramesh Singh of Ri Bhoi District have been robbed.
Trade and employment opportunities will increase and many of the youth and income generation will increase,” he said. “I have asked the Prime Minister as an MLA to demand the railway line connecting Guwahati to Baghmara,” he said.
The financial assistance it can provide from planning is for the purpose of conducting trainings, meetings to discuss issues related to the improvement of income of the people.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: The Congress MDCs in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) have demanded that a special session should be convened to discuss the issue of allocation of MDC constituencies. and Mr. Banjop.
Shillong, Lber 24: Due to the failure of the Meghalaya government to pay the salaries of school teachers since November 2012, the teachers have decided to hold a strike on the 26th of this month.
Najim Kharmalki, Chairman of the JAC, said that if these companies fail to provide the network within a day and do not listen to their demands, the JAC will take strong action and remove the towers. There is no benefit in the installation of towers by the company in these areas.
He said that Narendra Modi has taken many steps for the sake of peace, development, prosperity and cultural development of the North East, which we have all witnessed since 2014, when he became the Prime Minister.
The meeting was held under the leadership of KB Dkhar, President and Hamjhan Dkhar, General Secretary. Dkhar General Secretary, on Saturday visited Wapung area and established and strengthened the executive office of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar Jaintia Hills. Wapung Circle”.
On the second day of the workshop, States like Assam, Manipur, Mizoram and Tripura presented their State Logistics Policies.
“In my studies I spend 4 hours during school and 7 or 8 hours after school preparing.
The party also warns clearly through this statement that those who lead such people will fall into the trap of being responsible for any tragic incident in the state as a whole.
The Government has allocated T.25 crore for the construction of the Temporary Campus, of which T.19 crore has already been spent.
The District Administration has deployed security guards at all places of worship to ensure that there will be no tragic incident. The Central Puja Committee will ensure that the worship will go smoothly.
The group will meet again before meeting with the PSC Chairman and the group on the 18th of this month at Pinewood Shillong.
On Twitter, the Chief Minister expressed his satisfaction that he has met with the elders of Sohra area on the invitation of Bah Alan West, one of the leaders of the area to strengthen the tourism industry. .
The total number of cases in the state is 3 from East Jaintia Hills, 53 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from North Garo Hills, 4 from Ri Bhoi and 6 from West Garo Hills.
To ensure a fair and impartial trial, a member of the House should be removed as the Chairman of the Assembly Committee on Estimates (Constituted under rule 242(1), as a member of the ACEC unless the police or the judgment is over.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The Department of Mineral Resources has transferred DMR officers from the weighbridge at Amsarin to a new weighbridge at Sohkha village on the Amlarem-Dawki road.
On the other hand, the party feels that the loss of this leader is a great loss.
Besides the ILP, we should also get a Residential Permit for Immigrants which will prevent the illegal stay of foreigners in our country.
“There is new energy, new confidence, new determination, new focus and new march.
On the other hand, the Meghalaya government has encouraged the farmers to produce soybeans and other soybean products which are abundant in the state. It is from this state that they cannot compete in the market with other companies from outside the state.
Regarding the demand for ILP, the CoMSO will continue to protest but will not hold any protests that could affect the people due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
It is often the case that people look at how much the government has done or how much it has given.
He said Jet Airways from India had previously started operating flights from Guwahati to Dhaka but has terminated the contract. in March 2012.
Shillong Lajong FC Managing Director Larsing Ming Sawyan said that the club has now completed all the requirements and this will be the best team in the I-League where the fans will be able to play. love the fight will be happy to witness the games.
“The invasion that day was only the beginning.
Shillong, Nailur 10: A public meeting was held at Jaiaw Student Square Shillong with Bah Tourist Khonglah, Chairman of the EKHD Shillong Federation, present at the meeting. There were many discussions on this issue. The main reason for this meeting was because the government intends to abolish this scheme. that the government should not abolish.
In a statement sent by N Munish Singh, Chairperson Regional Director, Indian Council for Culture and Tradition, the Ministry of Home Affairs said that it is the responsibility of mothers to breastfeed their children. for food alone cannot give strength to children.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The Secretary of the North Eastern Council, K. Moses Chalia today spoke on the projects that have been implemented in the North Eastern Region of India, from roads, airports, Railway, medical colleges, schools and many other development projects in this area to the east.
Many were poor, widows and widowers.
The police have set a requirement that the height of the participants should be 157 CM for men and 152 cm for women.
He said that in recent years, the Government has started operations for 15 AIIMS and that treatment has started in most of them.
The Union Minister for Home Affairs and Cooperation, Shri Amit Shah witnesses the Signing of a tripartite Memorandum of Settlement agreement between Dimasa National Liberation Army/Dimasa Peoples Supreme Council (DNLA/DPSC) and the Government of Assam, in New Delhi on April 27, 2023.
When asked, Dr. Chen said the VPP will continue on its own path and will not cooperate with any political party as the party wants to rely on the support of the people.
He said that they will meet in the coming months before the end of the month and decided to conduct a joint inspection of those areas where there is a dispute.
The Ayushman Bharat schemes, Prime Minister Matru Vandana and the National Nutrition Mission have improved the health of women.
The injured will receive T.50,0
Today 19/8/2020 in Anjalee, 226 samples were taken and 9 samples were positive, in Khlieh Iewduh, 82 samples were taken and 9 samples were positive, in Motphran, 9 samples were taken. In Khyndailad, 165 samples were taken and 3 were found positive.
Shillong, March 26: The Chairman of the KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem together with the Chief Executive Member (CEM) Bah Titos Chyne today launched the new channel of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). to provide more information to the public on the working methods of the District Council and the working of the Executive Committee.
New Delhi, Jymmang 20: The Central Government has taken serious action against the open defecation of people in villages and forests.
The Mizoram State Logistics Policy 2022 sets out the strategies in three areas, connectivity, delivery to special areas for income generation and infrastructure development, information infrastructure development in logistics activities, and integration with logistics activities across the globe and border areas.
The Central Government has also directed the State Governments to take a decision to increase the Value Added Tax on Petrol and Diesel to help further increase the price of petrol. and Diesel.
On the other hand, Bah Pala requested that if there is any shortcoming in this regard, please inform him so that he can resolve it. If the scheme has been implemented, please inform within 45 days. day.
At present, the kur ka jaid is the most important part of the identity of the khais khara and the kur ka jaid should gather together with the para kurs in order to strengthen the unity among them and to by being attacked by others.
The annual meeting of the Seng Khihlang 2019 started on the 19th and ended today.
Sometimes the overflow of patients from the rural areas has also led to the spread of the disease due to the overcrowding and especially due to the inability to keep a distance from each other.
In a statement, Dr Mahesh Sharma said that while preparations are underway to mark the 100th anniversary of the Jallianwala Bagh Massacre, there is a need to improve the Jallianwala Bagh Massacre. This place will be a reminder to future generations that this incident was a sacrifice for the freedom struggle for the country.
Nowadays, almost all the departments of the Government of India have their own social media handles which produce many pictures and videos that provide information that is not widely circulated because only those who subscribe to these handles see them.
The NPP today celebrated its fourth anniversary in Meghalaya and to celebrate this fourth anniversary , the party has visited various parts of the state to understand the problems of the people and especially in Jaintia Hills how it has affected the people after the ban on coal mining.
However, the management has not yet responded even after being reminded of what has already been discussed.
On the other hand, the parents have now met with the Chief Secretary of the state, Y. Tsering, but in this meeting, he could not give any clarification, but said. The government has taken action on this issue.
The Kur denounces that the news is false and has misled the Kur Mawlong Mawmih & Krang Mawkhar,” said Bah Harison in a statement.
The price of piat has increased by 50 tyngka in the market today. The price of piat has increased by T.50 tyngka per kilo. .60 cents per pound.
Announcing the launch of 5G, the Prime Minister said, “The new India will not be just the use of technology.
In his speech, Shah paid tribute to the 36,250 policemen who have sacrificed their lives for the sake of internal security and the border areas of the country since independence.
To announce the great deeds of this Rangbah, the Seng Khasi Kmie, has honored him, at the Seng Kut Snem celebration held on the 23rd November,
He said that 2020 will be a special year to prevent human trafficking.
Shillong, Nailur 12: The 8th Badminton Tournament of the BSF today was inaugurated by PK Dubey, Inspector General, BSF Meghalaya Frontier.
There are 216 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 136 from West Khasi Hills, 26 from West Khasi Hills and 20 from Ri Bhoi. now there are 79173 people.
Dr Aman War said that the search for those who have been in close contact with the three people who tested positive for COVID-19 is ongoing and so far those who have tested positive for COVID-1 who have a relationship going on.
It may be recalled that the Governor had donated the vaccine for the first time at Ganesh Das Hospital Shillong and for the second time at the Civil Hospital Shillong.
In terms of health, the government should not hand over to the private sector.
Shillong, Naiwieng 09: The Meghalaya SSA Schools Association (MSSA) today protested against the state government's failure to pay the salaries of SSA teachers for three months. They held a march and ended with a meeting at Madan Student in Jaiaw, Shillong.
The two Prime Ministers have decided to first resolve the three areas in the middle of the border dispute out of the six.
Therefore, it is necessary to come up with accurate rules of action that fit the mindset of those who use tobacco to reduce the impact on their lives.
According to the 2011 census, the number of voters is 989, while the electoral roll for 2022 is 1,024 and the number of polling stations in Meghalaya is 3,335 in all 60 Assemblies. Constituencies in all 12 Districts and 141 new polling stations have been created.
The Joint Coordination Committee of FKJGP & KSU Upper Shillong Circle has also decided to take strong action against those who misuse the names of the two organizations for personal gain. At the same time, it was decided that if the Joint Coordination Committee finds and receives information about Benami people in the Upper Shillong-Mylliem area, the two organizations will take action. The Joint Coordination Committee will not allow those who try to destroy the nation just for the sake of the money of the authorities.
The HYC also strongly condemns the insulting and rude remarks made by one person through social media against the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District on his order to distribute Covid-1 19.
The Chief Minister said in the House that the Central Government has written to the State Government since 1987 regarding this issue but nothing has been done and this problem will arise.
He said that the government should take action by talking to the NTA authorities to conduct another examination at these two centers in Jowai. and Nongpoh.
Police said the suspect was wearing a blue sweater and a blue shirt and had a round tattoo on his chest.
People record statements, photographs or videos and a complaint observation is confirmed within 100 minutes.
According to the rules of the market, there should be adequate parking spaces but the Tura Municipal Board and the Urban Affairs Department have violated all these rules, said the MLA. Ampareen Lyngdoh has directed the Urban Development Department to build the parking lot, he said.
Because of this, locally produced vaccines are very important.
The Dorbar Shnong Lumshyiap has given 24 hours to those involved to appear before the village before handing over to the law enforcement authorities.
The Prime Minister said that since the decision was taken in the House on 27th November 2018, the Government has sent a letter to the Central Government on 14th November 2018 and since then the Government has It has sent eight letters and the Central Government has replied twice.
The KSU South West Khasi Hills District has stressed that this issue is not new but it is an issue that the people of the area and the KSU have been demanding for a long time.
If the committee cannot complete the work within the time limit set by the NGT (National Green Tribunal), it would be better to abolish it or it would be better not to have any more committee. This is the second time that the NGT has appointed a committee to oversee the transportation of coal which is already in stock.
Cornad today during his visit to Manipur met with party leaders to discuss the party's work in Manipur to prepare for the elections in the state.
Besides, he said that the main goal of the group is to go around spreading the message of peace, tolerance and harmony.
The party's Working President Vijay Thapa, General Secretary SP Thapa and other party leaders were also present at the meeting.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that Meghalaya has tested positive for COVID-1 in the hospital for treatment.
Users can access news, special programs and can also access special daily and weekly programs.
The march was called by the civil society organizations of the district to protest against the insurgents who took the life of one of the civilians by shooting him at Dambuk market after taking him away. Olgate R Marak was arrested last month.
The body of Bah Lostar was found in a stream in the forest known as Mawthawphan under Tiniang village, West Khasi Hills District.
At present, the youth of the North East of India have only one training centre.
“From the 1st June, 2019 through the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima Pa'iem Ainam Manik Syiem, the boundary of Rynjah Village has been proclaimed.
The International Day of Yoga was first proposed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi in his speech at the United Nations General Assembly (UNGA) on 27th November
Speaking at the public meeting, he said that the concern over the influx of foreigners is not only in Meghalaya but also in the North East as a whole.
In this struggle in the state both the government and the moists also claim that they are fighting for the minorities, in this struggle the Advasi have been discriminated against.
It is on this basis that the power to rule, judge and legislate belongs to the Dorbar Kur Dor Bar Raid and Hima. This should be amended and incorporated into the Constitution of India under Article
The party was led by Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang, President FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle in the presence of leading leaders from three units of the party including FKJGP Mawnianglah Unit, FKJGP Mawkhan Unit and FKJGP Mawrashe. On May 30, 2018, they met with the Executive Engineer of the PHE Investigation Division to demand action on the issues affecting the residents.
The match started between Mawsir and Rapleng.
Besides, u Bah Paul Lyngdoh also requested that many schools belonging to churches, should encourage the students to take an oath every day that they will not involve themselves or take part in any activities that are not. to lead to drug abuse.
An Order dated 24th October, 2020, directing the Ministries and Departments of the Government of India, the State and Union Territory Governments and the State and Union Territory Authorities to take measures to prevent the spread of COVID-19 in the country.
While the government's media department, which was headed by AL Hek, was taken over by Bah Hek and handed over to James, the revenue department, which was headed by the prime minister, was taken over by Hek. James was appointed to oversee this government department.
The union urges that if possible, the transformer should be replaced by the 27th of this month.
To fight against this disease, the government has taken all necessary measures to prevent the spread of this disease. to work together to ensure that this disease does not enter the state.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: Replying to a question by the Minister of Forests, Bah Mayralborn Syiem, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said that the presence of forests is to protect the rights of the general public.
The songs they can sing are allowed to be in Hindi, English, Khasi, Garo and Pnar and apart from these lyrics, no other words that cannot be understood by the public will be allowed.
The party expects the DGP to do the right thing.
The CEM of KHADC said that the government will submit the draft and send it to the District Councils for their views. The draft will come from the Government which will be discussed within the District Council or in the Executive Committee and the authorities of the District Council.
In a letter written to Union Home Secretary Anil Goswami, the APVC said that the peace talks with the insurgents in Garo Hills are outside the Constitution of the Garo Hills. In India.
Speaking as the chief guest, Professor SS Majaw expressed his pleasure to see that many of the youth have come to take part in this essay writing competition and especially in the language. of.
In his speech, Dr Mukul also informed the public that the government has brought about a change in the management of colleges in the state. The aim is to make Meghalaya a center of education.
Kong Bindas launched the strike on the 6th of this month at 12:30 pm to protest against the negligence and blindness of the State Government on the deterioration of the Nongpoh-Umden-Sonapur road. It has made it very difficult for the people to travel, it has brought the color of the people and especially the sick.
Shillong, July 07: The North Eastern Hill University Students' Union (NEHUSU) today said that there are about 100 teaching posts within the university except those which it has not appointed yet and many more. hundreds more in office jobs.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has informed that there are many areas which have been flooded and landslides. careful to avoid injuries.
I thank Prime Minister Duh and the Minister of Railways for taking this step.
He said that in the MP election 50% is the vote of the candidate and 50% is the vote of the party and the BJP now has what is needed for the MP election and the victory will be itss. BJP in the current MP elections.
He said that the police are looking for ways to mislead the Benami trade by making this trade as if it is a demand for money. The General Secretary alleged that the SIM card was forged by them. police to support the complaint.
On the other hand, the two units of the KSU have expressed their surprise to learn how this appointment can be changed even within the same government department, said Bah Maring.
The residents have nothing against any fete of any kind to raise funds for any legitimate purpose according to a fair and just manner.
On the occasion, Dr Donkupar said that if the people can be bought by the power of money to win the elections, there is no problem by the power of the law to ban and the time will come to lose. give up your ownership over the earth.
The teachers demanded that the NIOS should correct this error and not conduct the examination.
After the funeral, he was taken to Nongstoin for the funeral.
On the other hand, the family members of Bah Damas Nongkhlaw have expressed their willingness to demand the rights of the victim and to punish all those involved in the assault on Bah Damas Nongkhlaw. Damascus Forest.
Answering questions, the Secretary said that according to the records in the House, on the 10th of this month, the Chairman said, “That the House has been closed. wait until you announce something else"
Police said that they received a tip at 1.30 pm that there was an explosion at Laitumkreh Market. Police rushed to the scene with investigation teams to investigate the bomb. .
Out of the 13 NCP MLAs, 11 have expressed their readiness to join the new party led by Purno. filed a complaint with the Speaker of the House of Representatives based on articles that appeared in the newspapers.
The problem is for the examination to be held in April and November 2017 and the teachers have to pay the fees. The Demand Draft examination will be held from 01st to 31st of this month.
“When there are attacks on members of the Union, we take action as a Union.
Act- Aiñpura is a pending Act passed among the members of the Legislative Assembly elected by the people of the State to take part in accordance with the powers empowered in the Legislative Assembly before the enactment of the Act through the executive authorities. state and signed in accordance with the powers of the Governor of the State for the purpose of social welfare.
The speakers on the occasion expressed their gratitude to all the people who have donated to the poor through the Rupang Poor Relief Committee and said that it is through their donation that this event has been possible. work for 8 years now.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has announced that 96492 people have tested positive for COVID-19 since the beginning of the year, 94786 people have recovered from the disease and 94786 people have died. There are 1618 people in all.
Shillong, July 01: As part of the efforts to address the challenges faced by the Dorbar Shnongs in the implementation of the needs of the village in these days when the Covid-19 pandemic is spreading rapidly. The KSU Central Executive Council under the leadership of Donald V. Thabah General Secretary KSU CEC on
The FKJGP has found that all the trucks of Assam carry more than 12 MT of coal according to the permit they have received but they carry it illegally and at the same time without covering it. good to the goods.
According to the Notification, not only the District Level Teams have been set up but also the duties to be performed are:1
In the first phase, the airport will be able to serve 10 lakh passengers per annum and after the second phase, the Maharishi Valmiki International Airport will be able to serve up to 60 lakh passengers per annum.
Referring to Mawsynram Constituency, he said that Mawsynram Constituency is lagging behind all the constituencies in terms of health, roads and education.
During the meeting, the DM&HO explained that the water shortage is due to the loss of the transformer used for the machine to pump the water. and also to write to MeECL Jowai not to repair or install another transformer.
Samla Natasa has received her appointment letter from NEIGRIHMS. The Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong Mawiongrim, Shillong, has decided to No one will be allowed to sit and sell at Ryndangbriew View Point.
The BJP has sent a letter to its President JP Nanda expressing its support to the NPP to form a new government in Meghalaya.
The MSPB has suggested to the GHADC that they can write to the IT Department of the State Government to assist them in this regard, especially to set up their own website as done in KHADC. The MSPB Working Group-3 has recommended to the GHADC authorities to immediately implement IT technology in the Finance Department, Transport Department, Toll Gates, Professional Tax Collection and Trading License departments. The GHADC authorities said that there are 1200 employees and the salary is about Rs3 cr. per annum (Rs36 per annum) and the income from grants from the State Government including taxes is Rs 30 cr per annum.
The Church or Church leaders intercede and pray with people who need the prayers and support of the Church.
A MoU has been signed between Spanish company MCU Coatings and local company HiTech Engineers for Technology to open a factory in Puducherry with a joint investment of US $10 million.
In addition, after the incidents of violence at the rallies by supporters of other parties, the District Administration has sent police patrols at the venues of the rallies to prevent any incident. .
Dr. Mandaviya urged the Ministers of the State Government to monitor the use of funds from time to time and to ensure the full use of funds.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: Meghalaya was incorporated in 1971 and became a full state in 1972 and since the new state was created, there has been no department to look after the rights of The people of the state and these matters related to culture have to go through the Ministry of Education as it is only a small department.
Shillong, July 17: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District today said that eight people have lost their lives in an earthquake and one is still missing. Your body is from Kenmynsaw.
“The desire to divide the Constituency through the Bill introduced by the KHADC according to the rules of Rule 80, 72, 1,2 and 3 of the 6Scheduled shows that the intention is behind it. “It's not exactly about how to further develop the Hynniewtrep people which can cause serious problems in many ways and which can affect the life and death of the present and future,” said Bah Dino D.G.Dympep. , Chairman of MPHRC. “When we look at the deterioration of the Khadar regime, the income and the society as it appears these days, it is seen that the nation has become smaller and smaller and the influx of foreign authorities has increased. buhai shnong in the name of improving the income of the Pait Trai Ri Trai Muluk, but through the clear signs that the violence and violation of the rights of the Pait Trai Ri Trai Muluk Indigenous Peoples Rights and Human Rights have increased rapidly and the reason is that many of the KHADC leaders are not willing to tell the truth but instead they are trying to spread the truth. “It may be recalled here that according to the report of the United Nations Working Group on Minorities in South Asia, , 2006, made it clear that in India, the District Councils have declined significantly because they have not been able to implement the protection and promotion of the rights of the Paid Trai Ri Trai Muluk in accordance with the objectives of the 6th Schedule. The question now is to what extent the proposal to divide constituencies will benefit the people of many churches or whether the division of constituencies will benefit only for the personal benefit of the MDCs of KHADC? MPHRC statement (SP News).
The Prime Minister said that Nalin S Kohli's statement would be true, if he wants to see development he should go to the villages to find out the truth.
Replying to the allegations by the TMC leaders in Meghalaya as reported in the media and others, NPYF leader Nicky said that because of their corruption it did not win the elections in Goa and their leaders are accused of corruption.
These Cryogenic Oxygen Plants, located in Jengjal, have a 20-kilo liter capacity and can hold 2,000 cylinders. Oxygen cylinders and the one at Umsawli is 13-kilo liters which can hold 1000 oxygen cylinders.
The Open category means that no one can enter the open category. If the Khasi gets 90% and other ethnic groups get 89%, this run will not be possible. accept.
The Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court, Shillong, on Tuesday announced the appointment of the Chief Justice of the Meghalaya State Judicial Academy (MSJA). , Justice SR Sen as Judge-in-Charge of the Judicial Academy.
Shillong, Naitung 31: U Bah Bless Dkhar President of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Front (HNLC) Shillong City today said that the HNYF has nothing to do with the HNLC. Speaking to reporters, Bah Bless Dkhar said that the HNYF has spoken clearly to Synshar Khymdeit and the HNYF has spoken clearly to all the people who are still in power. In the past few days, the HNLC has already explained to the people that they are still in peace talks with the government.
Jowai, Naitung 08: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) Sengkmie through the Art & Culture Committee has expressed its pleasure to spread this news to all the children of Jaintia Hills especially to them. Children of Niam Trei who will celebrate the Beh Dein Khlam of different raij this year
In his speech, he said that if the people elect the NPP candidate, it will work for the development of the constitution.
Khliehriat, November 23: Despite the cold weather, the residents of Khliehriat village have been arrested during the border festival.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma on Friday said, “To implement this decision, it is necessary to go through the path that both the states need to agree on the decision taken at the meeting. of Prime Ministers which was held on November 30, 2023.
New Delhi, Nailur 24: Six years ago, Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched a campaign for cleanliness in
As the central government has focused on the North East, Dr Jitendra said this will be a new gift to the people of the North East.
Referring to this, Dr. Singh said that with the growth of home tourism in the last two or three years, many young people have become rich by turning to home tourism. .
In his speech, Bah Ardent said that as members of the party we should work hard and have the spirit of brotherhood. when the party comes to power.
It is beautiful to see that there is respect for the elders of the village.
The time has come in this new India where the people have the desire to reach the highest level of democracy, this is the spirit of democracy.
In a statement sent today, the HNLA announced that 2014 will be the year for the poor and the needy. on the 6th of this month.
Shillong, Nailar 03: The Leader of the Opposition Dr. Mukul Sangma, who is also the former Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the increasing transfer of Deputy Commissioners and Superintendents of Police has affected the border areas.
Sanbor Shullai MLA of Shillong South has been allowed to undergo the thermal screening before entering the Assembly today.
Speaking to SP News Agency, those who have left for the village by taking this siem jam and decided to reach the village is that they don't have any other way to stay in Shillong, they don't get paid. It is better to go back to your village than to stay in Shillong.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Don congratulated the school principals who have organized this sports tournament for the students of this school, which is one of the ways to exercise and to get He said that he has seen that this school still needs a lot of assistance. from the leaders, he took the initiative to inform the school principals and all the teachers that he would arrange for the allocation of assistance from his scheme.
Hoping said Dr Mukul would meet him again as he had to leave for Delhi.
Shillong, Lber 17: A 23-year-old student of IIM Shillong, Kartik Mishra, from Kolkata, has drowned while swimming at Sweet Falls. it's 11 o'clock this morning.
Also present on the occasion were NPP State President Dr. WR Kharlukhi, NPP Treasurer Sniawbhalang Dhar and other leaders.
On the other hand, KSU Narpuh circle has organized a drawing competition and poems for the preservation of the environment as part of the efforts to instill the mindset of the people as part of the joint venture with all countries of the world to celebrate the on the special day of nature.
Finally, the SSSS, which is the parent organization of the Village Youth Associations, urges the students to prepare themselves for this examination so that they can reap the clean fruit in their lives.
“If they can get the support of the people and win, they can promote better development.
Shillong, Nailur 18: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District today issued a notice that the curfew will start at 6 pm and end at 5 pm in the district. time stops the crowd from moving.
The temporary office bearers of the new political party are Ardent Miller Basawiamoit as President, Dr Kara H Shen as President, Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon as General Secretary and Dr Batskhem Myrboh as Assistant General Secretary. , Secretary to the Treasury, Dr Peter Daniel S Khariong, Organizing Secretary Winston Tony Lyngdoh and others.
Before I conclude, let me congratulate the members of our legal and administrative agencies.
He said that regarding the pending demands, the State Government has referred to the State Education Commission (SEC) and the Seng relies on the Commission to take a decision.
It is worth mentioning that the Longkñi of the Kharraswai Kur has been in charge of the Kur Kharraswai since 1985 and has now served as the office bearer for 35 years from 1985-2
Shillong, July 25: Answering a question by Mawhati MDC Charles Marngar, CEM TW Chyne said in the House that there has been a social agreement between the Assam State Electricity Board and the United Khasi Jaintia Hills District. The Council on 4th July 1970 decided to build the Umiam Dam.
Every year on this day, the Khasi Authors' Society holds various programs on topics related to literature; and this year due to the Covid-19 pandemic, it has been decided to hold a webinar.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, he said that the 2nd Living Roots Festival 2022 will also be held during these two days. This festival will be held again due to the COVID19 pandemic.
This is to teach the future generations who are proud of the selflessness of those leaders at that time to achieve independence from foreign rule and through them the spirit of love was instilled in the citizens of the country. country and unity.
Shillong, Lber 18: The BSF troops have launched a medical treatment to the residents of Kilapara village. 152 men have received medical treatment from the BSF. and 178 women.
Sixteen volunteers of the Hill State Movement were also honored by the District Administration of Eastern West Khasi Hills District at a function held at Madan Mot Tirot, Mairang Mission, Mairang today. The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh was the chief guest in the presence of the Minister of Water Resources, Bah Brolding Nongsiej who was the chief guest.
This is a sign of breaking the chains of colonial thinking and moving towards the path of responsibility for our country.
The Government Health Department has visited him while he is under Home Quarantine.
They decided to hold the strike at Madan Student in Jaiaw and will start until 10 pm.
Jwatbor S Cajee President of the Mawkhar Christian Alumina Association (MCAA) said that the meeting was to discuss how to assist the school in terms of the cost of funds. part of the celebration of this day.
Indigenous community women have led the way in environmental protection and shared their knowledge to promote adaptation and mitigation.
If Parliament approves the demand of the three District Councils in Meghalaya, GHADC and KHADC, they will get 40 MDCs each and out of these 35 MDCs will have to be elected by election and 5 MDCs will be shut. The JHADC will have 35 MDCs of which 30 will be elected by election and 5 will be elected.
The new bill will replace the existing PwD Act, 1995, which was introduced 21 years ago. The bill was passed in the Rajya Sabha on the 14th of this month and in the Lok Sabha. It was passed on the 16th of this month.
On this reservation policy, the HSPDP is one of the members of the MDA-2 government, therefore as the party in the government we will take and talk and build better together with the MDA. The discussion will be held at the Co-Ordination Committee or any other meeting of the MDA-2 in which all the members are present and as the party urges the Chief Minister to open the door for the discussion. This is what the party has said.
At present, Thailand cannot compete with Japan or South Korea which has grown because this country is still struggling to grow like India. Meghalaya has the opportunity to invest in the field of mineral resources and electricity generation.
He was firm in his political views, but he was also quick to accept and respect other issues raised by others, he laid the foundations of the debate in Parliament.
In West Jaintia Hills, the affected villages are in Thadlaskein Block, 2 villages and 4 houses, in Amlarem Block, 1 village and 1 house, in East Jaintia Hills District, Wapung Block. In Saipung, one village and one house were destroyed. In South Garo Hills, 281 houses were affected in Baghmara Block. In Chokpot, 10 houses were destroyed, while in Mawkyrwat Block, 26 houses were destroyed.
In connection with the case in Delhi, several channels have broadcast news with inflammatory headlines and videos of bloodshed that can incite people and disrupt peace.
Referring to Garo Hills, the Director of Health Services said that in the plains of West Garo Hills, Trikkilla has also reached the community spread.
If you have news in an empty area without any safe shelter, move immediately away from high places such as hills, low places and hillsides.
The last day of the month on the 9th March, 2023 will be the celebration of the activities carried out throughout the month, such as 'SankalpSaptaah – SamaveshSamaroh'
Recently, three projects worth more than T.10 crore have been sanctioned by the NMET in Assam.
Bah Mukhim has lodged a complaint with the DC of Ri Bhoi District and the district authorities have informed the relevant authorities at the Secretariat along with the FIR and other complaints.
He said the neurosurgeon has been transferred from NEIGRIHMS to a private hospital in Guwahati.
Many of the candidates are now in the midst of excitement as the time is approaching.
Speaking at a meeting held at Madan Malki, Chairman JACATAM Bah ED Nongsiang said that they will continue their strike until the government grants their demands. they.
As they were not allowed to enter the State Central Library, they staged a protest at the entrance of the government building.
Shylla said that the government has treated this area with contempt, as it has been shown by the boundary stones in the middle of the river. In India, this is the case with Bangladesh.
Mawsynram MLA Olansingh Suin, Ranikor MLA Pius Marwein, Shillong Sports Association MLA Eugeneson Lyngdoh and other MLAs, MDCs and senior leaders of the UDP Youth Wing were also present.
He said that employee safety awareness is one of the most important functions of this new technology He commended the Indian employees who have contributed for the progress of the country.
These cows were transported from Assam to the Bangladesh border by trucks but the question is how these cows got to the border with Bangladesh so that the BSF could arrest the cows before sending them to Bangladesh.
In the 4th category, Sandra Marpna of Christian Academy, Shillong received distinction in English, Mathematics, Science and Technology, Social Science, Health and Physical Education and Khasi. , Isabella Mawlong from Synod Higher Secondary School, Shillong with distinction in English, Mathematics, Science & Technology, Social Science, Health and Physical Education and Khasi, Pallavi Phenang (Private Institution) with distinction in English English, Mathematics, Science & Technology, Social Science, Health and Physical Education bad Assamese.
On this occasion, it was announced that the Unit has decided that from next year, any students who pass well in their examinations, the Unit will support the school for 10 years. It is an encouragement to them and a sharing of the responsibilities of their parents.
On the AITC's promises like We Card and MYE Card, which are only election promises, they cannot be implemented as happened in West Bengal, he said.
We also urge the village authorities to cooperate with the party to remove this threat from Mawsynram and South West Khasi Hills District.
The purpose of this donation is to celebrate Christmas and the New Year happily and peacefully. This is also to bring about mutual understanding and to bring about non-religious unity within the Constituency. .
However, until this time, no group or armed group has taken responsibility for this blast,” said the SP. Police have lodged a complaint registered at Sadar Police Station for further investigation under the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act and the Explosive Substances Act.
He also thanked the Speaker for suspending the canteens which provide subsidies to the Members who have brought response from the people.
On the same days, there was also a ceremony to honor the MLA at Wahkaji and Nongtynniaw villages. for the development of the Constituency.
Leaders of the NPP, Conrad K Sangma, Sniawbhalang Dhar, Agatha K Sangma and party leaders have been in Ampati to campaign for the party candidate from the National Assembly. to explain to the people to support the NPP in this seat of Dr Mukul Sangma.
At the same time, they demanded that the state government should not delay in the implementation of the ILP in Meghalaya, said Bah Kharbani today at the Shillong Press Club.
Recent events have shown the victory of the Pradhan Mantri Kisan Samriddhi Kendra.
He said that when you join the party, remember that many challenges and obstacles you will face in the future, but be strong and brave like Diengbilat.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Tuesday closed down offices and banks in Khasi and Jaintia Hills District for disrespecting the Behdeiñkhlam festival. holiday not declared by the Government.
More than 100 people from the village came for treatment and this was done by the volunteers along with people from Bansara Eye Care in the presence of doctors to treat them.
The residents immediately informed the fire brigade from Meghalaya and Assam who immediately rushed to the scene and received information about the incident. sun for the afternoon.
The BSF has handed over the suspect to the law enforcement authorities for further investigation.
Shillong, Nailar 03: The HiTO on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah BS Sohliya and to demand the closure of the Masi and Muid market in Mookyndur.
The children were found by the CWC of Krishnagiri District, Tamil Nadu and taken to Narendra Nambikkia Natchathiram, a place where the children were placed, a place registered under the JJ Act.
On the congestion of Khyndai Lad and Iewduh, due to the lack of traffic control, the Minister said, “The Government has thoroughly examined the congested areas and has sought ways and means to remove the congestion of these two main markets by setting up parking spaces for buses and taxis.
“Assam will become the gateway to tourism in the North East through the increase in the number of devotees for darshan at MaaKamakhya,” he said. Head of Dr. HimantaBiswasarma.
Officials from the Raj Bhavan said that the inauguration of the new Governor will be held on the first day of the month if there is no change as it is now.
Tura, March 27: The teachers who have passed the State Eligibility Test (SET) examination of the Dadenggre Unit have decided to file a complaint against the government for not doing so. ei ei in relation to the appointment of them but they were given reasons like this.
During these two days, discussions were held on seven sub-themes in the Plenary session – India Enterprise Architecture (INDEA), Digital Infrastructure, Inclusion and Capacity Building, Emerging Technology for Practitioners, Secretariat Reforms, National e -Governance Service Delivery Assessment (NeSDA).
The officers briefed Prime Minister Duh on these activities across the country.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills said that peace and order has started to return to Tura town. from six o'clock in the morning until three o'clock in the evening.
Therefore, it is appropriate to remember these deeds of this great man.
He said that the government has implemented the MGNREGS and the government has decided to ensure that the benefits of this scheme should go to the people by having proper laws such as 100 days work. prime minister.
Police have not been able to arrest anyone in the seizure of these illegal drugs. Police are conducting investigation to track down the traffickers. and destroy the people.
Officials of the state government who attended the function included the Governor of Meghalaya Dr KK Paul, the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma and the headmaster of MLCU. (SP News).
He said that one of the steps we have taken is the Mission Education, to improve the schools in buildings and others, whether they are government schools or other schools.
At the same time, he said in a letter that the fees he had to pay to the party until July this year have been paid in full by sending along with the receipts. He urged the MPCC to inform him if there are any people who have to pay to the party as a member of the party.
Shillong, July 07: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District on Tuesday said that it has received information that there has been illegal quarrying and quarrying of shyiap from Sohiong, Mawblei and Umphernai which has affected the wells. water around these places.
Shillong, March 21: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that 28 people have tested positive for COVID-1 Hills 2, South Garo Hills 2, East Jaintia Hills 1 and the total number of cases is
MDCs who took part in the welcome speech were Twinwell Dkhar, Martle Mukhim, Bindo M Lanong, Grace Mary Kharpuri, Lambor Malangniang, Lamphrang Blah and Latiplang. Former CEM of Kharkongor.
The meeting was to inform her of the meeting of a group of government ministers held in Bengaluru and Goa where they met with those who run casinos, horse racing and online gambling.
SDO (Civil) Sohra Civil Sub-Division, Hema Nayak, was the chief guest in the presence of SDPO Sohra, Bah PM Syiem, SDM & HO, Sohra, Dr.G.Swett, Medical. Dr.B.Passah, AD Youth) Shillong AIDS Control Society, Shillong, Mrs. L.Nongpyiur, AD (Voluntary Blood Donation) Mrs. LM Shullai along with the Principal, teachers and staff of the College and the students of the College.
Himalaya said the government has talked about setting up such markets in Smit, Umdingpun, Mawryngkneng but these markets do not exist yet. to sell vegetables.
The strike will be for the teachers in the Khasi Hills and the leaders of the Garo Hills can also attend only as leaders. AMSSASTA in Garo Hills has held a peace rally in Tura today.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Meghalaya Olympic State Association (MAS) today held a meeting to prepare the teams for the 3rd North East Games 2024 to be held in Nagaland.
These 7 households, which Rupang has donated this year, are facing many difficulties in their livelihood, some of them are unable to work because of the condition of the households. the body moves with its own experiences.
On this day, the entire Shillong market was closed with few vehicles and the markets were closed.
JACATAM has already decided to hold a strike which will start on the 27th and end on the 29th with a sit-in to demand that the government should recognize the teachers. the Government which is known as the Provincialization of their services.
The protection of animals from extinction started in the park in 2002 and continues until now. Over the years, many animals have been rescued especially the Rhinos.
The Prime Minister said that the government is also deeply concerned about this issue as are the civil society.
On the other hand, the Rngbah Shnongs of these villages have promised to the government to cooperate to restore peace and order in the area.
Shillong, March 30: After two years of talks, the Bangladesh government has given permission to India to supply optic fiber to the states of the North East through the Chittagong port to Agartala and from this place it will be extended to the whole of the North East of India.
He said that dozens of people visit the jail every day and this has also disrupted the work of the people inside the jail.
“Their grief should not be expressed in times of illness and urgent needs,” said the JMCM&OA in its petition to the Prime Minister of India.
The union has heard the complaints of the people and on this basis the union has inspected and found that the road is indeed destroyed.
“Through this statement, the Union urges all the residents of the Union to take the time to take part in the upcoming public meeting.
Police said the blast was similar to that in Nengkhra.
In a statement, the ACHR said that instead of helping the injured, the Bangladesh Border Guards arrested the smugglers.
He said that through the Pala, the state has got adequate roads to facilitate traffic. He said that through the Congress, the state has got universities like NEHU and others. He said that through the Congress, the state has achieved many developments.
The total cost of the project has reached T.15 lakh.
According to the Preventive Department of Customs in Shillong, the owner of these Akor trees was Abdul Muhit of Hojai, Assam.
The issuance of a license to explore for rare and important mineral resources.
People have remembered the brave soldier of Meghalaya, Tirot Singh on his death anniversary.
Another reason that the union has found is that the road from Weiloi to Mawsynram and Ranikor is too small and the union feels that the government should turn its attention to build and improve this road. the road so that it will not be a problem for the passengers.
“The claim of Sylloklang Majaw that the residents of the village have expressed their opposition to the assistance and acceptance of Prof. Rakesh Sinha to Kongthong village is untrue and unfounded.
It is learned that the cause of the incident was that they complained that they did not get water.
At present, Meghalaya still lacks mobile network across the state as many schools in the rural areas cannot conduct online classes due to the lack of mobile phone network. Mobile network.
East Khasi Hills District Police Chief BD Marak said that the truck was carrying Koke and not coal as alleged.
She said that these offices of the Regional Office of the Enforcement Directorate have promised that the office will lodge a complaint with the relevant authorities and will register a case this month or Next month, the President of the CSWO will hand over the documents relating to these two complaints which the CSWO has been fighting for more than a year.
Regarding the problems in the area, the SSMP has not said anything but will wait for the inspection and after that they will take a decision. Rangment and NEPA troops are also involved.
Speaking in general, the Minister said that this is about the Town Vending Committee which has the authority to issue the recognition of the land vendor and there are rules and one of the rules is that the Town Vending Committee. The Election Commission of India (ECI) has issued a notice to the Election Commission of India (ECI).
The demand of the union to set up a Sub Center in Thyllaw village which covers four villages including Thyllaw, Warding, Mawdiengkhim, Mawdiengkhid and Lumdiengngan, is because many of these villages do not have roads and roads. Mawsynram CHC, and if this Sub Center is set up in Thyllaw, it will be of great benefit to the people of the area.
Sohra, Naitung 31: The funeral service of Dr Donkupar Roy, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, was held today at Madan Mawpun in Siatsohpen, Sohra. despite the heavy rain.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The Inspector General of the Border Security Force (BSF), PK Dubey, on Tuesday said that according to the Geneva Convention, countries within 150 yards of Mawthun or There is no new border known as the International Border. This is the rule of the world.
However, we regret that he secretly went without our knowledge to the ECI to mislead us about the party situation.
Shillong, Naiwieng 03: Tura MP Agatha K Sangma today led a delegation comprising Thomas A Sangma, Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Marcuise N Marak, Minister of State for Home Affairs. The President of the Garo Literature Society (Garo), Dr. Caroline R. Marak, has met with officials of the Minister of Home Affairs of the Union Government to discuss the inclusion of the Garo language in the Eighth Schedule. .
When they came to power, they decided to release the money for three months so that the elderly could get their share. that is, 90% receive their benefits on time including master rolls also receive even if they cannot arrange but they receive their salary on time.
The swearing-in ceremony was attended by the President of HANM, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, who said that HANM stands on the basis of serving and protecting the people. and it is time for us to stand up for the nation and it is also time for us to follow or produce those Tirot Singh, Woh Kiang Nangbah and other heroes of the Hynnietrep nation. .
If others see this incident through social media, it will affect people outside our village.
Shillong, Lber 16: The Federal Bank of Meghalaya (FBI) has extended its assistance to the National Health Mission of the Government of Meghalaya to build two maternity centers in Meghalaya. PHC in Meghalaya.
The Director of DIPR, Malthus Sangma, handed over the certificates to the three winners.
Members of the NMML Society and the Executive Council attended the meeting, where the Annual Report and Audited Accounts of the Society were approved.
New Delhi, Jymmang 08: Speaking in the Rajya Sabha, Prime Minister Duh said that the Lok Sabha changes every five years while the Rajya Sabha gets a new life every two years.
On the allegation that the State Security Commission has not convened a meeting, he said that the meeting will be convened according to the working conditions in these months due to the COVID-19 pandemic. juh shi the same.
These trees were planted under the supervision of Dr Shantanu Kumar Dutta, Environmental Engineer, Central Pollution Control Board.
The program today attracted a lot of attention and the Sankalp Pledge was also held.
He was really impressed to think that Swamiji had given a discourse at this very place in 1901.
Although the University of Science and Technology, Meghalaya is located within the border of Meghalaya, it is surprising to know that this university which is located on the border of Meghalaya has often published false news to newspapers from Assam but not from Meghalaya.
Presenting the Union Budget 2020-21 in Parliament today, Union Minister in charge of Finance Nirmala Sitharaman said, “Now, under the PM Jan Arogya Yojana (PMJAY) There are more than 20,000 hospitals.
Shillong, July 17: Police on Tuesday arrested Suman Deb from Rynjah while she was trying to sell alcoholic beverages. not known as Spasmoproxyvon.
The church was established on 25th July 1963 and became a church in 1963 and became a full church in
Also present were MB Rymbai CEM JHADC, SM Suna Local MDC, SM Sari, General Secretary Seiñ Raij Mukhla, RM Garod Daloi Nangbah Elaka and residents of Mukhla.
This action of these organizations (Assam Sanatan Dharma Sabha) raises the question to us why you need to do such things.
Kong Helen Giri was born on the 7th of June, 1944, and she has worked tirelessly to promote and preserve the Khasi dance.
“The notice dated July 15, 2022 was sent by the Council for the security of the land owner, Bah Nolipstar Lyngdoh and Ardent. They claim that they have already signed the sale deed while the owner of the land claims that he has not received all the money and therefore, he cannot hand over the ownership of the land.
Now that the work has gone smoothly, there has been a sense of confidence in the government and private sectors to strengthen and expand their work.
However, he promised that the party will not hesitate to protect the people of the party not only by words but also by deeds. The decision to send a letter to the State Government and KHADC to take action in this regard and to demand that they should not oppose the proposal to set up a dam in the area. area.
On the other hand, the Secretary, Bah Pynskhem Lyngdoh, said that the letter sent to the government is a reminder as the letter has already been submitted in
Shillong, Lber 31: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has extended the curfew until 03 June 2020 due to the outbreak of COVID-19 in the country and around the world.
The first step is to meet with the officials of UCIL to temporarily suspend the allocation of funds for the road if the work is still incomplete. If UCIL does not listen to their demand to work according to the previous agreement, the residents of this area will go to block the road because the allocation of funds of UCIL is sufficient to build the road according to the agreement. the villages of the National Highway.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Executive Member in charge of Trade and Industry said that the tax cannot be levied by the District Council. a government announcement known as the Gazette.
Shillong, June 30: Members of the KSU and FKJGP Mawlai today met with the General Manager of the Food Corporation of India (FCI) at Mawlai Mawroh. This office has appointed one of the family members of Bah Dismarlin L.Lyngkhoi who died when he was shot dead by truck drivers while on duty at the FCI station in Khanapara.
Your organization will continue to receive paradoh parasnam from time to time.
Tens of thousands of mothers and youth from 7 zones of East Khasi and Ribhoi District attended the two-day meeting. children and in the midst of spiritual poverty to bring about righteous spiritual wealth through righteous hard work and the good of society by the will of God.
The village shall decide whether to accept or reject the price set by the medical school and if the committee sets the price set by the private medical school. have to accept that price.
The District authorities have sent a team of doctors to the village to check the condition of the villagers and to treat the people in need. .
The Congress MDCs who were in the House at this time did not stand up to give their support. The motion of no confidence in the EC was raised by Bah Adelbert Nongrum today. the council began.
To set up an independent inspection team to inspect the safety of houses, buildings and street shops in Khyndai Lad and around the city,” said the Seng.
The special objective of this program is to educate people on the importance of healthy eating and the importance of healthy eating habits.
Shillong, November 09: The bridge connecting Majai and Sohbar on the Tharia River in Majai will be inaugurated by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on the 19th of this month.
The new Civil Sub Division has been operational since the 10th of this month, said the Chief Secretary.
The theme of the meeting was on the promotion of football and entertainment and the meeting discussed the need to maintain the environment and cleanliness of the Sohra area.
Every moment we live in this country is because of the work done by these patriots and at the same time it is the duty of all of us to complete the work started by them.
He said they should think a thousand times and not blame the government. He said there is still a golden opportunity for the HNLC to come to the talks.
Not only that, the union also found that the used injection equipment and bottles of injection drugs were broken and spread inside the room where the body should be kept.
Tura, Naiwieng 09: The Governor of Meghalaya, V. Shanmuganathan today praised the decision of the Narendra Modi Government to abolish the old 500 rupee and 1000 rupee notes. consumption in the Country.
The committee will be composed of KHADC, Police, District Administration and Village Authority to ensure the cleanliness of the market and its surroundings. Mary Kharpuri and EM Development Bah Karnes Sohshang together with District Council Officers.
The death toll has risen to 130 in Meghalaya.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Khasi Democratic Alliance (KDA) Leader SH Shylla said that a special session has been convened this morning within the KHADC. This is the demand of the MDCs who have met with the Chief Minister in the past few days.
U Bah Nongsiej thanked TULBA for coming from Shillong to celebrate Christmas with the people of this area for their donation. the spirit of helping others.
Guwahati, Jymmang 10: The Krisak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS) today held a public meeting in Guwahati to protest against the state government led by Tarun Gogoi which has allowed the rich to steal. The union leader Akhil Gogoi has alleged that the land of the villagers around Guwahati has been taken away in the name of factories.
“You must always have the spirit of not giving up without facing the challenges and when you reach the goal don't let pride win but always be humble and set an example to other young people. with dignity and respect,” he said.
Among the public leaders who attended the ceremony were Sanbor Shullai Minister, Adelbert Nongrum MLA, Moonlight Parait former MDC Jowai and many elders especially members of the MTDF. Robert H Lyngdoh was born in 1960 and passed away on 29th November 2022. The funeral service was held today at Mawbah, where hundreds of people came to pay their last respects to him. old.
The union also warns the tourists especially on Sundays who use these places as places to drink alcoholic beverages, places of illegal activities, places to break plastic bottles. , which has mislead the children, the youth of the Sohra area and also which has disrupted the traffic of the people who pass through this road.
There are 254 recoveries today, 3 from East Garo Hills, 2 from East Jaintia Hills, 178 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from Eastern West Khasi Hills, 1 from North Garo Hills, 11 from Ri Bhoi, 3 from South Garo Hills. The total number of recoveries has risen to 85,5
At the same time, the police were urged not to stop the investigation into the incident in Ichamati which resulted in the death of an elderly man and to investigate the people involved. in the taking of the life of an elderly man from Sohra.
At the same time, Bah Lapang urged the children to be humble and poverty should not stop them and they should be children whom people can trust.
Nongbet said she lives in Umsohsun Shillong, has two children and thanked her husband for encouraging her in this competition.
After the meeting with EE, he also promised to take action on the demands of the party.
He said that the KHADC has taken the initiative to strengthen the issuance of trading licenses to other parts of the Khasi Hills which fall within the boundary of the KHADC. He said that during the inspection it was found that many foreigners are evading to pay professional tax and this is a big loss to the council. out of 100 of them have completed the documents in terms of trading licence.
The government appeals to the people not to ignore such calls for curfew.
We urge the Dorbar Shnongs to take action to send the residents to come and please help us to announce to your villages.
However, as members of the party, we did not take that money (which he offered) but if we take that money, the nation itself will be destroyed.
Dr Mukul said an inquiry should be conducted to find out those involved in the incident in Ichamati. He also asked whether the prime minister was aware of the meeting. The Chief Minister of the State receives Direct Secret Information every day.
On the other hand, the Secretary of the committee, Babu Kular Khongjirem, said that this is the third time that the committee has conducted this assistance.
The students who came to complete their studies have spoken to the previous government since 2014, including the Chief Minister and the Minister in charge of Agriculture in the state but they didn’t do anything.
Indian traders will have access to markets especially in labour-intensive industries such as minerals, textiles, leather, plastics, agricultural products, engineering materials and to medicine.
The oxygen plant has a capacity of 800 LPM and can assist 100 people at the same time during peak hours. but hopefully it will not come, but it is necessary to be ready.
The MLA has been able to provide urgent assistance to the victims, where he has been able to provide tin sop peng, rice, tarpolin for today. The District authorities after receiving this figure will take the necessary measures to deliver the relief goods to the lano.
They were taken to Dawki CHC for treatment.
In the past few months before the start of the World Cup, the RBYF Umsong Circle has also requested the MeECL to provide adequate electricity but the request has not been granted. The residents of the village have been experiencing darkness since Saturday night.
It is also alleged that the present Lyngdoh has lost the trust of many children and we have lodged a complaint under Section 6(a), 6(b), 6(c), 6(f), 6( h), 6(i), and 6(k) of the Acts, 1959 (As Amended).
Everyone should follow the guidelines to cover their mouths when sneezing including the use of masks, keeping a distance of 6 feet from each other outside auditoriums, public places and waiting areas. At all times, it is prohibited to use the Aarogya Setu app.
Currently, the Viksit Bharat SankalpYatra is being implemented in Gram Panchayats in Meghalaya in all districts and urban areas of Shillong as well as across the country.
After the nomination ceremony, the people who were waiting in front of the office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills District received congratulations and flowers from the supporters of the NPP. NPP MLAs were also present to file their nominations.
“Our state is small, there will be no problems, in terms of development projects, along with how to do for the preservation of the environment, the state still needs a lot of development projects. to move forward".
“The NCERT books are better than the MBoSE books, but the implementation is urgent.
We have also requested the Government to issue a notice for the rules to explain the role of the District Level Committee on Drug Abuse to do that,” said Bah Nongrem.
Tura, Iaiong 02: Two suspected militants have stabbed to death a manager of a liquor shop in Williamnagar at noon today.
Cooperation Minister Shah appealed to all the members of PACS who attended the meeting to follow the rules.
“ My dearest friends, the ones I poured everything into are now ducking me from behind.
The elections are scheduled to end on March 3 as the term of the current Legislative Assembly ends on October
Speaking to reporters, he said that although the Meghalaya government has already passed the Techno Global University Bill in 2008, but because they have not been able to get the land, they have not been able to do so. This school was established in Meghalaya.
It is prohibited to carry kurat and wait used to cut down trees in the disputed areas.
The Minister of State for Finance and Corporate Affairs, Shri Anurag Singh Thakur is also seen.
“At the same time, the KHADC has also removed the name Refugee Colony or RR Colony and has renamed the area as “Them Rynjah”.
The marathon was held to commemorate the 125th anniversary of the school.
On the other hand, the President of the KSU said that the same voice will continue to be heard from the state that the Indian government will listen to the grievances of the people of the state.
In this meeting with the Prime Minister, the KSU also urged the government to implement the Arpdah Farm Water Supply Scheme which has been suspended for many years so that the rest of the people of the area will not face water shortage. he doesn't drink especially in the dry season.
Those who are studying RAWE program for the year 2020-21 who are studying B.Sc Agriculture will be trained in their respective states.
) PFC. Dinesh Vij, ED (CSR) signed the MoU for the PFC. The meeting was also attended by teachers and other senior officers of CAU. The CSR is to provide training to 390 unemployed youth belonging to SC/ST/OBC/persons with disabilities/women and socially disadvantaged persons in seven the state is located in the southeast.
Also present on the occasion were VC War, Principal of Mairang Vidya Jyoti Inclusive School, Mairang, BL Mawnai, Director of Makarious Medical Centre, Mairang. Mairang, Dr. M. Syiem and others.
The Chief Minister explained that if the teachers who used to receive 100 tyngka salary will now receive 200 tyngka which means the salary increase of teachers is 100 percent.
“It is very necessary to remove the word 'Ot Killo' from the market as this is a loss to the farmers of the state,” said Ampareen Lyngdoh. The farmers of the state especially in relation to the price of kilos of agricultural products in the market.
During the meeting, the Chief Minister promised to invite the Chief Executive Members to discuss the issue.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of Information and Broadcasting, Shillong East MLA, on Tuesday said that she still accepts that Bah Antonio War is still the MDC of the party. Congress because you won the election.
The two District Councils, KHADC and JHADC, should be involved from the beginning to the end of the demarcation process and the government should have a good foundation on the three issues to be demarcated and not just listen. The Assam government has said that it is not allowed.
“This will help promote tourism,” said Governor Ganga Prasad while inaugurating the ICP gate in the presence of PK Dubey, IG BSF. The Governor of Meghalaya was also welcomed by the BSF troops at the Integrated Check Post Dawki. In his speech, the Governor said that he will take all necessary measures to promote sports activities. world in the region.
Replying to Conrad Sangma's remarks, the Union Minister in charge of the Ministry of Labor said that the government is aware of all these issues and on the part of the government.
The Green-Tech Foundation has started and completed the demonstration and landing in the Umkhrah River from 4th March, 2024, in the lower parts of the Seng Khasi College Bridge by installing terminal point interceptors including Floating Barriers and Trash Plastic Wire Mesh to prevent the flow of garbage and garbage into the river from.
He said that it is the Congress party which can provide a strong service while if you look at the history of District Councils in Meghalaya, you will find that the Executive Committees and District Councils often fail and do not last.
These donations were welcomed by the Secretary of Nongmensong Village together with other officials of the village.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) North Khasi Hills District Unit (KSU) has announced that it will hold the 2nd (L) Fr.Sylvanus Sngi Lyngdoh Maitshaphrang Academic Award.
The meeting was conducted by the President of KSU Bakur Dawki Unit.
He said that their ability to accomplish all the tasks and provide everything is only due to the working together as a team under the leadership of the Prime Minister as the top leader.
India currently ranks fourth in the world in electricity generation capacity from renewable sources with 43% of the total electricity generation capacity coming from non-fossil fuel sources.
The sources of income of the ADCs under Paragraph 8 of the Sixth Schedule are, a) taxes on business, trade, b) taxes relating to animals, vehicles and ships; c) taxes on the importation of goods into the markets and the sale of these, the collection of taxes from passengers; and d) revenue from the improvement of schools, dispensaries and roads.
: The Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Rowell Lyngdoh, on the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in Meghalaya, has been protested by various organizations. He said he is not sure that the people of the state will support the demand for the implementation of the ILP as a tool to prevent the influx of foreigners.
Such actions on the part of the government cannot be tolerated and the law enforcement agencies are taking strong action.
This has led the NEVF to negotiate and provide funding to startups from Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur and Meghalaya.
However, for Social Science-II (Geography and Economics), he/she has introduced a system of asking questions that is completely different from the existing system.
Until now, we have not given any suggestion to the government, but only to implement the ILP in accordance with the Eastern Bengal & Frontier Regulation
Hundreds of rawon from all over Shillong came to take part in this competition at Nan Polok.
The Minister said this is the first time that these five leading universities working under the Department of Commerce and Industry and the Department of Textiles have held talks.
The Bolero tried to pass the truck passing in front of them but at this time another vehicle came from the opposite direction and the driver of the Bolero could not do anything else. Six people were injured in the incident.
(The match between the Sohtun Kur (Hima Khyrim and Mylliem Hima) against the Rynjah Kur, here too a very interesting match and the Rynjah Kur won by scoring 3-0, the final between the Rynjah Kur (Hima Khyrim) and Kharumnuid Kur (Hima Khyrim) will be held at 12 noon on the 3rd November 2016, at Smit, Hima Khyrim.
(a)   Water Resources.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today acknowledged that there is a demand for the replacement of leaders within the Congress party, but said, “This is the party's internal affairs. can tell the media, you will get nothing from me".
Shillong, Nailar 30: Leaders and members of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) 20 Mer Branch have inspected the road bridge at Lailad, which connects the road from Umling and 20 Mer to Patharkhnah. it was the reason why it should not be cut off or destroyed at any time.
He said that all the residents know that the PHE department should provide the source and the Municipal should provide the distribution of water. For the safety and security of the people, they should not blame one department against another or shake hands, they should fulfill their duties and responsibilities.
All ration shops have been directed to distribute this foodgrains to all those who are entitled to receive them.
As mentioned above, according to the children from 14 to 22 years old and also if we look at the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education (RTE) Act 2009, Human Rights Education with Children and more, it has been witnessed that all these. AIMha Meghalaya President Banshai Marbaniang, Chairman of AIMha Meghalaya, said in a statement that the decisions of the Supreme Court have been made public.
On the other hand, Samla Nehemaya thanked the Seng Khynroo for encouraging him to contest the 2018 election and for donating money to him.
In a statement sent today, the KSU said that Samla Biangdor Paliar is the Organizing Secretary of the KSU.
The scheme was launched by the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi on 8th June
George is one of the 12 Congress MLAs who joined the TMC in 2021, and is also a strong party in the Opposition in the State Legislative Assembly.
““If we go back to Mawryngkneng, the price of food items has increased because of the collection of money on the road at the gates, to the police who have to pay here and there, the cost reaches 7,000 tyngka.
On the occasion of the Republic Day celebrations on the 26th of July , the Lama of India in Shillong , the capital of the state , is hoisted by the Governor of Meghalaya The Chief Minister of the State has often raised the Lama of India in Tura.
On the other hand, the union strongly warns all shopkeepers not to sell more than the prices set and urged all shopkeepers to keep the prices of mur in their shops.
On the part of the government, Bah Renikton L Khongkhar, in his speech, said that the government should find ways to export these plants abroad. to the outside of the Ri.
The Commission has also sent a notice to the Superintendent of Police of East Khasi Hills District to respond to the incident within two months.
Shrivastava from Maligaon was arrested at the scene.
Shillong, March 27: Police ANTF East Khasi Hills and East Jaintia Hills today jointly searched for a mother from Lumsohphoh. age.
Shillong, July 12: Lumshyiap beat Umroh 3-1 in the U-16 Republic Cup on Friday in Group A. don't score a goal.
He said that if KHADC is not to form EC, GHADC is, this shows that they are not working. He said that it is not because they want power but to protect the District Council. he said that what has been ordered on the 17th and 18th will be looked into.
You have been awarded the Memorial Award in the name of Bah Rana Kharkongor 2023Bah Daminot J Wankhar, you are a great contributor to the field of Khasi music. simsong, a kaitor and duhalia who is renowned for his skills and beautiful voices.
At the meeting, the High Power Committee accepted the proposal of the Speaker to send an inquiry to the third group to find out why the Dome of the Legislative Assembly collapsed.
Ampareen Lyngdoh has won three consecutive MLA elections from this constituency, in 2008 from the UDP, in 2013 and 2018 from the Indian National Congress. New Delhi, Jymmang 03: The Election Commission of India (ECI) is preparing to hold nine Assembly elections this year and Lok Sabha elections next year with the aim of increasing the number of voters. vote through various steps.
Sunil Bharti Mittal, Chairman, Bharti Enterprise said the launch of 5G is the beginning of a new era and as it is happening in Azadi Ka Amrit, this is even more special.
The development and dissemination of technology is essential to fight climate change, said Myntri Rangbah Duh who suggested that the best practices can be shared to save the world.
Regarding the introduction of the amendment to the Meghalaya Residence Safety Security Act, 2016 on 19/3/2020, it is to improve the existing Act.
The Speaker of the House in issuing the recognition to these 12 MLAs as Friends of the AITC, said that the recognition is in accordance with Article 4 of the 4th Schedule of the Constitution of India. long from 24th November 2021.
In this regard, the union has spoken to MP Saha Sectional Officer of NIOS in Shillong and said that they should talk to the authorities to arrange for the examination center even in Garo Hills. Dr Piyush promised to conduct the examination in Garo Hills and it will be held at Damascus Secret Heart Secondary School, North Garo Hills.
The KHADC has passed the Second Amendment Bill, 2018 on 25th November with the aim of protecting the marriage between Khasi women and men. you are not a Khasi.
After police were able to stop the smuggling of drugs from Manipur to Meghalaya via Silchar, the drug traffickers sought the route from Manipur to Nagaland and reached Guwahati. Guwahati.
How do you expect them to succeed?  It is just a trick to deceive the people.
They discussed the attacks on Khasi living on the border in the past especially the incident in Sahsniang in 2003 where 4000 Khasi had to flee from Block 1 due to harassment by the Assam police and having a Carb.
Shillong, Nailur 17: The Chief of Army Staff of the 101st Infantry Battalion, Lt Gen DS Ahuja, AVSM, GOC, has met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy, at Raj Bahvan Shillong in the past few days.
The first demand is that the government should provide an accurate estimate of how many jobs the Garo have not been able to fill in the past 50 years. The government should suspend all the jobs until it can fill the jobs that have been lost since 1972 until now according to their share. of the Garo.
Mawleng, Umdein, Pomdkhar, Mawkhap, Riangba, Mawkhap, Nongkrong, Porksai, Mawlai, Mawlai, Mawlong, Mawkhap, Mawlong, Pomdein, Mawkhap and other areas. , Nongdaju, Nongdagong, Riangkhain, Nongshram Wakak, Rongkhugre A and B, Riangju, Riangkhain, and Riangkhain.
What the Government of India has done initially to charge GST on the money earned by the player as a gambling venue, at the rate of 18% GST, but on 1/March/2023 it has increased to % GST and that is from the money they spend which is not their money.
Shillong, March 19: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) War Jaintia Circle today visited the office of the Directorate of School Education and Literacy Shillong to learn more about the implementation of the The residential school is located in the village of Pdengshakap.
It is learned that during the meeting, the Governor said that he will talk to the government to understand more as he has just assumed office.
On this occasion, the Asha, Aganwadi and also the residents who maintain the cleanliness of the village were awarded.
At the same time, the union urges the shopkeepers to think about the price of food items and to cooperate at this time not to take advantage only for personal gain but to think I don't care about the people who are suffering at this time.
World Sight Day is celebrated every second Friday of April every year and this year World Sight Day was celebrated on the 13th of April with the Phang Pdeng, “Stronger Together” in Nongstoin.
The citizens of Meghalaya who have Ration Cards, have received the ration for the month of July which was distributed in June this year, but since that month till now the government has not distributed it. The FCI has been distributing ration to the farmers for the past three months.
Referring to the speech of Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie regarding Marten, the Prime Minister said that the government has not stopped looking for ways and means to improve the situation. it's with this place.
The purpose of the construction of this bus stand is to relieve Shillong of traffic jam.
There is no respect and compassion even for children, as happened to a 7 year old girl in Bynther who was killed by her own mother, there is no peace for women.
That means that it is the same as 'NG' but you want to change it, but the elementary alphabet has only those letters from A to Z. Unlike in Ri Khasi, the Amwi and Lyngam languages ​​require the letter 'cj' according to the sound to be read.
Speaking to reporters, Diben Lyngdoh and Shine Marwein said that they have sought permission from the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District to hold a rally on the 30th of this month to demand the rights of the people of East Khasi Hills District. The government has not released the results of the police.
The Central government's “Silk Samagra" scheme provides funds for research, technical support and financial support to promote the production of high-quality silk fabric.
“Let us follow a system in which the use of resources will be orderly, according to need and not according to the money of a few people,” he said.
The theme of this year’s celebration is to empower people with disabilities and ensure equality for all.
The government has said that the illegal party has called for a curfew on the Independence Day, Republic Day and the General Election to the Legislative Assembly but the people have rejected the curfew. They came out to cast their votes.
The order issued by the DC's office to order schools to withhold the results of children who have not been vaccinated against Measles and Rubella has shocked parents of school children while the examination is underway. now in almost all the schools in East Khasi Hills District.
Wapung, Nailur, 09: The Moopynieiñ Socio-Cultural and Sports Organization (MSCSO), one of the leading organizations in Wapung area, on Tuesday, 7th November, honored the Step By School. Step Secondary School, Wapung for winning the 4th title in the March Pass Parade of Independence Day and Republic Day from 2014 to 2018 organized by the East Jaintia Hills District Administration and its Office. Wapung C & RD Block.
The prayer at Weiking Square was conducted by a group of elders of the Khasi Seng. Speeches were delivered by the elders of the Khasi Seng. Mylliem Hima Chief Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem, Shillong West MLA M Rapsang and other leaders of the party.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The meeting of the KHNAM Shella Constituency will be held on the 16th February 2018 at the Sohra Town Hall at 11 am.
The Home Minister also promised that the party will not delay to take care of the problems of the people in this area.
The Executive Committee of the Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union (MAWU) on Saturday decided to intensify the protests by holding an indefinite sit-in in front of the Secretariat. starting from the 27th of this month as part of the protest against the Government's ignoring the demand of the ASHAs to increase their salary from T.2,000 to T.5,0
In a letter sent by the Additional General Secretary of the Students' Union, Balrang Raka Ch Momin, he strongly condemned the decision of the GHADC ruling group to appoint SG Esmature Mominin. MDC of Shyamnagar constituency as Chairman of Planning and Sophior Rehaman of Balachanda Constituency as Chairman of Bakkjai Sub-Committee.
Shilong, Naiwieng 11: The North East Network has condemned Vikash Gupta for being arrested. The Ward Commissioner of Cantonment, the owner of Aptech Aviation and the manager of the Assembly Hotel. in the city of Shillong.
During his visit, the Chief Minister stopped on the road to talk to various civil society organizations and promised that the Meghalaya and Assam governments will take all necessary measures. to ensure access to justice that they get their rights.
The residents of the area especially those workers have expressed their sorrow because this incident on the Lukha River has immediately deprived the poor who earn their living from fishing.
The road has been divided into four sections, from Nongpdeng to Tamabil in one section, from Nongpdeng to Pynursla in the second section, from Pynursla to Myllim in the fourth section and from Mylliem to Shillong in the fourth section.
Shillong, Naiwieng 03: U Union Minister of State for Minorities in India, Jual Oram today addressing the Legislative Assembly on the theme “Understanding the Tribes of Asia”. He said that there are 27 languages ​​in India which are on the verge of extinction.
In his speech, the Chief Minister said that the implementation of the North Eastern Industrial and Investment Promotion Policy, 2007 (NEIIP) has affected many development projects in the region in the field of industry. especially in the rural areas and to make this area a tourist destination.
“The officers who took part in the Passing Out Parade opened the road themselves.
The Central Government has allocated funds to build this market in the name of the hero of Ri Khasi, one of the freedom fighters. of the French.
Zen Robert CH Marak is from Nengnandalgre, East Garo Hills and Armindro B Marang is from Damal Asim, West Garo Hills.
Shillong, Lber 04: Speaking in the Legislative Assembly on the opening day of the Budget Session for the year 2022-2023, U Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik, said that the government has received a letter. The HNLC has been informed of this to the Central Government.
Referring to MeECL's request to cut off light to those who do not pay light bill, Process said that he does not feel the need to merge the shops. , factories and domestic workers.
Shillong, November 14: U Justice Paul Lyngdoh, General Secretary of the KNGCSU, today told reporters after a meeting with the Minister of State for Education. Roshan Warjri said that the Minister has promised that in July 2017 they will start construction of new classrooms.
It is only the Government of Narendra Modi that has recognized his outstanding contribution by awarding him the Padmashree.
The President of the HSPDP Jaintia Hills said that many of the villages in this block are on the border with Bangladesh and Assam. but the failure to implement has left the people in darkness.
With this defeat, Shillong Lajong have dropped to the top of the I-League table.
He said that the Hima Khadsawphra has the right to attract tourists because at present almost all the tourists visit 6,85,000 per annum and almost all of them go only to the Hima Khadsawphra. location of Sohra.
“I feel it will be a golden opportunity for the ANVC leaders to buy expensive vehicles and build big houses,” he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: A mother named G.Momin, 41, has lost her life in a tragic incident. The mother died inside the house where she lived.
The WAKO World Cup Diamond Kickboxing
For Lower Primary students, the textbooks to be provided are English, Arithmetic Creative Expression and AHPL, for Class 1 and Class II, English, Arithmetic, Creative Expression and Environment Studies and Class III and class iv of English (2 languages) mathematics, science and social science for class v.
These students have asked why there are still so many students who have passed the examination and why there are still many jobs and why they should be recruited first.
During the meeting, they informed them that the state has an urgent need for the ILP especially after Assam has already announced the NRC list and in December the deadline for allowing foreigners will expire. to plead for yourself.
To promote foreign trade, the Government of Meghalaya has set up the Department of Trade, Commerce and Industries with the aim of looking into the trade routes to Bangladesh. The reason why these roads have been paid for for decades is that the Meghalaya government has not done anything to improve them.
Shillong, Nailar 12: The North Eastern Hill University today held a march “Har Ghar Tiranga” to mark the 75th Anniversary of Independence of India. Vice Chancellor and Prof Prabha Shankar Shukla.
Even during the time of the powerful French Government, it could not even touch our border and could not destroy our customs and traditions. “We have signed the Standstill Agreement in the first version which says that only Defence, Currency, Communication and others will belong to the Indian Dominion,” he said. Agreement (IOA& AA) in the terms of the agreement we have made it clear that the forest, the land and others shall be ours even the judgment.
He also briefed the committee on the steps of the State Government to provide relief and rescue to the people.
The Prime Minister also directed the preparation of a blueprint for all sectors of development of the North East for the next 25 years and to set targets.
Logistics skills development – ​​logistics training courses will be included in university training courses.
Therefore, once again, all the Nongsynshar from Shnong, Raid to Hima are urged to take action on this request, according to a statement sent by Bah John F Kharshiing today. Bri Hynniewtrep, and Secretary and Speaker of the Federation of Khasi States.
To follow the rules laid down by the government, the dancers were allowed to dance for only one hour and after that they will dance again. They came from all over the country to take part in this Suk Mynsiem dance.
The Central Government has decided to hold elections to the three states of Meghalaya, Nagaland and Tripura on the 23rd of next month. The Election Commission should have punished him.
The polling of absentee voters in South West Garo Hills has been scheduled to be held from the 6th to the 8th of this month.
The KHADC today directed the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and others not to issue No Objection Certificate to foreigners, and not to obtain NOC from the land owners. The people of this state are also able to trade.
Many tires were distributed on this day as has been done in other places which have been distributed in the past few days. (SP News).
On the other hand, the Minister recalled what the French said that the rule of the people by the people is in Ri Khasi.
At this ceremony, those who have achieved the highest rank in the examination were awarded certificates and a cash prize of T.10,000/- and those who have achieved more than 75% in the examination were awarded certificates and cash prizes of T.10,0 a certificate and a cash fee of T.5000/-.
Shillong, Lber 20: The Indian Army will celebrate the 50th anniversary of its victory against Pakistan in 1971, known as the Bangladesh Liberation War. The song is called 'Swarnim Vijay Varsh'
However, the government has not responded to the proposals.
The MLA demanded that the government should not send more troops to the area to protect the people.
The village officials of Mawlong, Mawkynring and others came to congratulate the party for this initiative.
In this competition, the group of priests won and it is believed that it is a sign that the agriculture this year will be good especially for the rice farmers.
Shillong, Nailur 29: The Central Government today directed all the State Governments to ensure that the traders do not hide the price of piat in the market across India. According to the order issued today.
Lambor said that in fact they should have spoken, but they couldn't speak anymore but they threatened these people.
The religious leader said that India is a country with a large population but it has been able to maintain democracy despite the challenges it faces from time to time.
Speaking to reporters, he said that on 7th November 2020, the UGC has issued a notice that the Under Graduate and Graduate examinations should be held by 30th November to appeal to the Supreme Court of India.
In Shillong on 26th October 2020, private vehicles will be allowed to travel only those with odd number plates 24 and Even numbers The numbers ending in 26, 27 and 28 are odd numbers and the numbers ending in 29 are even numbers.
The CEM of KHADC said that the State Government cannot say anything on the Khasi Hills Autonomous District (KHADC) Regulation, The State Government has issued a notice to the Under Secretary, District Council Affairs Department.
This decision of the High Court of Meghalaya has not only revived and encouraged the non-government teachers but has also revived the right and willingness to serve or work. teachers to provide training, public awareness in all political activities.
In the petition, he also mentioned other important issues that the people of the area should get and what is needed is the demand for the upgradation of the road from Mawphlang to Balat. He said that the people from Lyngiong to Mawsynram-Balat as well as from Lawbah to Ryngku are still relying on this old road. built since the time of the French Government.
It is an example to others because the laws should also give confidence to the citizens that they live in a government that has laws that protect their rights.
However, what has happened is that after the state government has allocated the land, the central government has set up only the College of Agriculture and this has been placed under the Central Agricultural University of Manipur. promise made in 2010.
What is the point of setting up government hospitals when the doctors who are there are still willing to set up private clinics? The money earned from the clinics is not only in Mawsynram but also in the city and surrounding areas. Government doctors don't provide adequate service in government hospitals. The Seng has heard many incidents in government hospitals in Shillong especially in Lawmali Shillong.
Even the owner of a petrol pump loses money if he loses 100 liters of petrol per day,” he said.
For more than 72 years, these ADCs have been in existence in Meghalaya and have fulfilled their duty to protect and preserve the customs and traditions of the Khasi-Jaintia people in terms of laws.
Referring to the party, he said that he is proud to see that under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma, he has been able to see far for the unification of the North East. He said that as the North East, we should unite to raise the issues of the region and this is only in the NPP and he is happy to be in this party. party.
The provision of health care should not be one-sided but should be tailored to the needs of those receiving care.
The party strongly warns against such people and groups that if they misuse them for the sake of their own reputation, the party will not hesitate to use physical force against them,” said the statement. KSU General Secretary Donald V. Thabah was also present.
After the demonstration, a meeting was held to get the views of the participants.
The government has extended the term of office of the DSC for another six months and it will end in April this year. The remaining candidates are 145 candidates.
The arrest of Bah Julius, who is accused of raping a 14-year-old girl, was made in collaboration between the Shillong Police and the Assam Police.
The book tells of stories of love, courage and sacrifice from across the North East as well as the unrecognized battles that the region fought against armed foreigners.
