This act of violence against the dignity of women is against the rules of the law and is painful for the citizens to think about. It is clear that women are powerless in a state ruled by to Congress.
He was in the Assembly and District Council at the same time and when he saw that it was difficult to serve two masters even under the pressure of the people he decided not to contest MDC after becoming MLA. It is an insult to the people that the MLAs of Nongkrem and Mawkynrew have treated the MDCs, instead of giving way to others, they have deprived the people of getting two leaders.
On the other hand, Kalita congratulated the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and his Government for this tournament.
On the other hand, the UDA MDCs have rejected the action of the Lamphang.
Shillong, Nailur 27: The Chairman of JHADC today announced that Bah Andrew Shullai has been elected as the CEM of JHADC without any candidates. don't be against it.
The goal of this initiative is to bring that technology to the masses, suitable for people, which works by connecting with people.
He discussed the use of endoscopic, laparoscopic, and radiological procedures involving C-arm machines, which emit radiation.
The plight of the poor was discussed through the speeches of the dignitaries, including the Head of ICSSR, Prof B Panda, and Dr Jank Jhankar Narzari, u head of the Santikhetan Kala Bhavan Practoni.
Speaking at the meeting, the Acting Chief Engineer of the Air Force, Shillong urged the members of the union to work for the development of each other as a group.
Shillong, Naitung 30: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills District Unit today met with the CEM of KHADC under the leadership of President Samla Ohibait Dkhar and Samla Garland Shadap Assistant General Secretary. Other leaders have lodged a petition with the CEM JHADC Bah Madonbai Rymbai regarding the introduction of Schedule Tribe for Khasi Pnar girls who are married to non-citizens. In this meeting, the CEM of JHADC said that it is time to take action to speak in the dorbar and to pass a law to protect our brothers and sisters. This is the case within the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
From 2010 to 2020, the Meghalaya State Medicinal Plants Board has received funds from the central and state governments to plant medicines. pay money according to the years.
This shad was organized by the Seng Khasi Kmie Mawkhar, Shillong to thank God, the Creator, who has been with us and who has blessed the Khasi-Khara people for many years. the past as well as the years to come.
Shillong, Nailar 09: The Khasi Students' Union (KHNAM) has elected the new office bearers of the Nongmali Circle.
In India, this industry has been around for five years and it is a new industry but the market is very large, and India has a huge market.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the CEM said that they have been waiting for many months, if the state government does anything to delay the release of the money, they don't have any other option. their share through the court.
This vehicle will provide services to the people living in this border area.
The Citizenship Amendment Act allows some Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists, Jains, Parsis and Christians who have come from Bangladesh, Pakistan and Afghanistan to stay in India. November 31, 2014, due to persecution of their religious beliefs, they may become permanent citizens of India, the MHA said. they fled to live in areas that were still under the Khyrnit Bahynriew.
I request you to turn back to the Congress and we may have been silent in the past but now we will turn back to support the Congress and support me,” said Bah Pala.
He said that the State Government has considered the incentives of the State Sports Awards for the medal winners in the Zonal, National and International competitions.
However, to ensure the continuity of revenue collection activities, certain tax benefits granted to Start-Ups and investments from sovereign wealth lane have been extended for another 10 years until October 31, pension fund and also tax exemptions for the income of certain IFC units.
Erwin K Syiem Sutnga has written to the Finance Minister of Assam Himanta Biswa Sharma and the Director General of Police regarding the incident.
Shillong, July 20: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) through this statement wants to express to the world the violence of the district administration of Ri Bhoi through the police department.
On the Indian side, UC Sarangi, IPS, Inspector General, BSF, Tripura was accompanied by the Inspector General of Meghalaya and other officials from Kolkata. Deputy Inspectors General from Delhi in charge of Meghalaya, M&C and Tripura Frontiers and other central government officials.
The BSF troops will now increase the smuggling of cattle to the upper parts of the border to prevent the smuggling of cattle to the border with Bangladesh.
He said they cannot leave the area while the government has not paid for the purchase of bujli elsewhere.
Answering additional questions, the Chief Minister said that the government has taken great care for this road and it is necessary because it connects the western part of the state with Assam. The government will take action to turn the AMPT into a National Highway.
m until 1:00 p.m.
At present, the Ministry of Home Affairs has illegally registered two rebel groups from Garo Hills, the ANVC and the GNLA, while the UALA has not yet been registered.
Answering a question whether the presence of many insurgent groups has affected the development of Garo Hills, he said the central government has shown many things that it should do for the people of Garo Hills. Garo Hills, if they leave from time to time, they will affect the peace and order in Ri Lum Garo.
The Assam Government is committed to the overall welfare of women and children in the state, she said.
The organization has suggested that it be done as an experiment and see how it works.
“The Government of India cannot wait because it can cancel the railway project to Shillong and the money will be allocated to other zones if you lad you play.
The vehicle also collided with a roundabout at Laitumkhrah Police Point.
If the NPF goes to support the Congress, it will form the government because the Congress has 28 MLAs and the NPF has four MLAs. 60 people.
All candidates are advised to arrive at the examination center 10 hours before the start of the examination period and bring a negative result of Tika or RT-PCR.
Shillong, Nailur 02: The Lyngdoh of Mawphlangu Hima, Bah King Kerious Lyngdoh, who passed away on the 1st of this month, will be buried at the Presbyterian Church Cemetery on Sunday.
At present, the rebel group said that the government is misleading the people by making promises that do not work. central government are awaiting permission to see.
She urged everyone to contribute to make this world a Green.
Around the world we see that everyone is working hard to improve education among women to avoid backwardness and to enable women to stand on their own feet.
The water pipes of the GSWSS have to pass through the Rilbong Rihno Museum, to the Fine Walk near the Cantonment Board office.
Nongstoin, Lber 18: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, West Khasi Hills District, today said that according to the directive of the Election Commission of India, the public has been informed that it is prohibited to take money, liquor or other gifts. the voters.
He recalled that after the independence of India, there were two groups, one said not to join India, the other group said to join India, but the long dien have to accept what happened.
Women are now in charge of many jobs in sectors such as Amazon Fresh, AWS Public Sector, and others.
it can be said that somewhat, it is possible.
Dr AJ Syngkon said that this is the decision of the VPP and the party will see if it needs to invite other parties to raise the demand for the Dorbar. .
In this regard, the Block Development Officer of Umsning Block said that MeECL has not been able to repair and install the electricity lines. mytna is the day.
The Minister visited the cow farm in Upper Shillong to produce good cow seeds to boost the milk production in the state. village around the area and in this she has also planted food for the cows.
The Government has informed that if anyone has disrupted the voting process, please contact the following numbers: 2222277/2226101/222855/2
The union also said that there are illegal tax collection gates and these have led to the increase in the price of goods and this has affected the market. punish those who have hands.
He said that the confidence of the people in the results of the elections is essential for the health of democracy.
Before the end of the programme, there was a cake cutting ceremony between the office bearers of the KSU and Sengkynthei as part of the celebration of Advance Christmas.
Amlarem MLA Lahkmen Rymbui, who is also the Chief Advisor to the Meghalaya Government, has called a meeting on the incident.
With the help of the Mudra Yojana, more than 7 crore people have been involved in self-employment for the first time. 70 percent of the loans provided are for women self-employed.
“I stay in the NEHU Hostel and I am also the Vice President of NEHUSU.
About 40 youths from Ri Bhoi District who are leaders of Sport Clubs, Village Youth Associations and others took part in this programme.
He said that once the production of oxygen at Shillong Civil Hospital starts, most of the oxygen cylinders from Shillong Civil Hospital will be distributed to other parts of the state.
It is a terrible thing when the District Council, which was appointed to preserve, build and enforce the customs and traditions, comes to violate the rights of the Hima.
The reason is that the party is against the celebration of Republic Day.
The deceased were identified as Munni Ruddil Ahmed, 83, of Nongpoh and Aroti Das, 50, of Ichamati.
It has been directed that no travelers should be transported outside Shillong and the above mentioned places. If there is any travel in the District and outside Shillong, they should travel only if they have received permits. .
Imat This incident occurred due to the mining and quarrying of coal.
The Cabinet also approved the amendments to the Meghalaya Compulsory Registration Act which came into force in 2012. To strengthen the implementation of NREGA as mentioned by the Ministry of Rural Development, the Cabinet today decided to set up Natural Resources Management Committees in the villages. .
At the same time, the Governor said that he will not discuss this issue with the Union Minister who is in Shillong to resolve these issues.
Shillong, July 14: The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) of the Union Government will celebrate its 150th anniversary in the field of environmental monitoring.
He started his education at St. Peter's Secondary School, Mawpat from 1996 to 2000. He returned to St. Joseph's Secondary School, Pynthorumkhrah, to complete Class VII and Savio Junior School. from 2001 to 2004 to complete matriculation and become a religious leader at Sunny Side Sawmer Shiteng From 2004 to
He has the hope of doing what is necessary for the people.
On the other hand, the Sordar of the village said that they found that some of the doors of the school had been paid and the flowers had been damaged.
For Meghalaya, the IMD has warned that rainfall of 40-50 kmph in the next six hours and 60 kmph is expected to hit on the 27th of this month.
Marak, 32, and her two sons, Salgado.
On the other hand, Bah Kharraswai said that to discuss how to bring in more government departments and offices that are entitled to the needs especially in agriculture and also to monitor the schemes in the area. .
It was also informed that the Central Government has provided 189 mobile towers in the state to provide mobile services to 1600 villages in Meghalaya. the IT department side is seeing gaps.
The Minister expressed his gratitude to the District Administration of Ri Bhoi District for being willing to assist at this time and for completing all the necessary works this morning. I'm going to Tamil Nadu this morning.
Shillong, Naitung 07: U Bah Aiborlang Lyngdoh President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Lawsohtun Branch on Tuesday said that the party supports the Dorbar Shnong on the complaint against Patricia Mukhim.
The training was conducted under the leadership of PK Dubey IG, BSF with the assistance of the state government.
It is learned that many of the vehicle owners have not come to work anymore and some of them are still in the middle of a legal battle. Assam.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills and the SP of West Garo Hills were also present.
Speaking to reporters, Lambokstarwell said the KSU has already demanded the implementation of the ILP and the MRSSA to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners. “This is not the first time that the ILP gate has been set up by the party and many times. The reason is to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners without proper documents.
Leaders of JSU Khliehriat including President Livingson Sama and Vice President Laski Siangchai together with members of the JSU Khliehriat have spoken to the inspector of the factory. The factory and the union have been temporarily closed.
Shillong, March 29: The Martin Luther Christian University (MLCU) today appointed Prof. T. Kumari Kharbamon as the new Vice Chancellor for a term of four years. will be accepted on 1 November
The cold weather has also affected the Smit area which is a place where people live from agriculture and the most affected areas are the rice. por of you phan.
Shillong, July 17: The KSU Umrit Unit together with the members of the KSU North Khasi Hills District Unit have visited the family of Paul B Makri. u blei at Umrit today 17th July
New Delhi, March 13: The Expenditure Department under the Ministry of Finance today approved 20 states to receive T.68,825 crore through borrowing.
Through the turn to ASEAN, invitations to leaders of countries to Republic Day 2018, relations with members of the Quadrilateral (Quad) countries.
The AJYWO wishes all the best to the country and the nation, and also prays to God the Creator to bless the country and the nation as a whole so that it will prosper and live happily ever after. im saiñ, will grow and develop in all aspects in this year.
On the other hand, the IG of BSF said that the HNLC leader, who is still hiding in Bangladesh, lives in the north of the country under one name and is married to a woman. The Bangladesh army is still searching for him to find out his name. He said that the number of members of the HNLC is very small and they have not been arrested. their ktem.
Nongthymmai’s only real effort in the first half came in the 45th minute when Y Gopi Singh clattered the crossbar.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The Meghalaya Adventures Association (MAA) has discovered 1610 crematoria in Meghalaya in the past few years. It has found the Krem Puri in the Mawsynram area of ​​Mawlong village which has not been completed yet.
Unfortunately, those who went to take part in the wedding ceremony at Greenwood Resort in Assam, the government will receive the report tonight and after that the government will be able to say. What kind of punishment will be imposed on those who violate the rules of the government.
Police have seized 6,745 rounds of ammunition from these drug traffickers, known as “World is Yours”.
The height of the bridge is about 37 meters and the width of the bridge is about 8 meters.
Other sources said that on the day of the curfew, the GNLA has deployed its personnel around Garo Hills to ensure that the curfew will continue smoothly and that there will be no violence. that they have not violated what they have called.
This Bill shall be called the Meghalaya Local Prosecutor Act,
The death toll has risen to 7, East Khasi Hills 5, Ri Bhoi 1, West Jaintia Hills 1, bringing the total number of deaths in the state to .
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The Ri Bhoi Students' Union (RBSU) today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma. Sangma and handed over a petition to him to demand from the government to set up a Government College in Umroi for the benefit of the people of this area.
Shillong, Iaiong 02: The men and women wrestlers from Meghalaya who have represented India in the tournament held in Dubai, have brought glory and pride to the state. Meghalaya after although only four of them have led, in which they have won medals.
Shillong, November 17: The ANVC (B) has alleged that the present government has an intention to dissolve the party before the elections so that if the Congress comes to power.
In another seizure, BSF personnel at Jankhol in South Garo Hills District seized 125 bottles of phensedyle.
New Delhi, Jymmang 15: The people of India who have benefited from the MGNREGA scheme are mothers and those with limited knowledge.
If the former Governor of the state has done this as alleged, he should be punished severely according to the law and if it is just a mistake, those involved in this should be punished. in front of the people of this state.
There was an award ceremony for the students of NEIAH who took part in the essay writing competition.
This area is under the jurisdiction of KHADC and should protect its own people.
Prestone said the government has sent to the central government to turn this road into a highway.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah George B Lyngdoh alleged that the loss of these roads and the bridge at Dwar Ksuid is due to the profiteering of some people from the country. cause of overloading of trucks.
After the Khasi chiefs signed the treaty, it was taken to Delhi and signed by Chakravarti Rajagopalachari, the last Governor General of India. January 17, 1948.
The Chairman has fulfilled his duty by sending a report to the Governor through the Deputy Commissioner, and the Deputy Commissioner has completed the report to the Governor.
Also present on the occasion were Chief Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, Shri DP Wahlang, IAS.
Police said the girl was 5 feet tall, wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans on the day she disappeared.
It is necessary to promote the exploration and mining of these minerals which have been recommended an removed from this list of atomic minerals in order to meet the needs of the country where the participation of people and private companies can promote this.
The Symbut Myntri Rangbah said that if there is any problem, come and meet the government to talk because the government looks after the welfare of all the ethnic groups in the state.
Shillong, Nailur 03: Dr. Carl O. Rangad, Vice Chairman of NESFAS, retired Director, Soybean Department, Government of Meghalaya, has been appointed as the Managing Director of the Agroecology Fund. (AEF).
The union also urges the state government authorities especially the Home Ministry to deploy State Police Battalions along the border with Assam, until the central government resolves the border between the two states. This is the way to bring peace and stability to the people living in the border areas.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today convened a meeting with the Forest Officers to learn about the work on the State Zoo at Umtrew, Ri Bhoi District.
Often, the use of these minerals in non-atomic activities is more important than their use in atomic activities.
The Seng also questions why the secondary schools which have served for decades and supported various places in need and helped the students to avoid drop-out but until now the government has not applied posts or sanction. posts one teacher per school for 197 schools across the state at a cost of Rs22,000/- per month.
They also informed that the SSA teaching job will end in 2020. The union urges the government to take them and admit them to the education department of the state government. They will go to this work because they have dedicated themselves to this work.
Earlier, Kong LM Shullai explained on the importance of voluntary blood donation to help those in need in emergency cases.
The two unions of teachers from deficit schools in the middle of the petition said that the government's promise in 2019 to increase their salaries by 75% so far. it doesn't work yet.
With this victory, India will lead the way to the world championships.
It is to be recalled that the Minister in charge of Road Construction, Bah Sngewbhalang Dhar, has visited the road, but the government has not been able to do anything. ei until these days.
These rangiakura have been participating in various iakura tournaments in which they have won in the iakura tournaments in the State and abroad as well.
If our leaders are brave, others will have to think twice before forcing our nation.
“I suspect that this Kynja was brought from Nongspung.
Shillong, June 02: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today launched the Payment for Ecosystem Services Scheme to protect the water source of the Ganol River in the West. Garo Hills District.
Shillong, Naitung 18: U Boston Marak, after being elected as the Chief Executive Member of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC), said that his first task is to raise funds to pay the salaries. The salaries of the Council employees have been pending for one month.
He also praised the MLA of the area Bah Robinus Syngkon for his initiative to implement development schemes for Mowlber and Psiar villages such as roads, football fields and drinking water supply which other MLAs do not have. big.
Forwardman Nongrem President of KSU SWKH District said that the KSU has already given time to the office of the DC of SWKH District to withdraw the proposal. BSF troops within the border of SWKH District have not received a reply till today.
Leaders of the Meghalaya Joint Action Committee, Balen Thubru and Erwin K Syiem Sutnga, alleged that only those who have connections with government officials are allowed to smuggle coal.
Regarding these two demands, the state and the nation are still waiting for the fulfillment of the demands. you have to think again about the steps you will take from now on.
He said that development of tourism related facilities, training are important activities to promote tourism in the region.
When we look at the aircraft fuel which is essential for transportation, the profiteering in some states is obvious.
We express our concern about the condition of the road,” he said.
Malki Sports Club will hold a Penalty Shootout on the 1st and 2nd November 2023 at Malki Stadium from 10 am: 00 am in the morning.
In a statement, Bah Michael said that he will continue to work for the people by taking part in this election to contest as an independent candidate from the 17-North Shillong Constituency.
The SC today allowed the NGT to respond to the case on June 2 in Shillong, and allowed the plaintiffs to return to the SC if the NGT does not open the door to the complainants. The basis of Section 14-3 These events show how much the rights of the landowners have been violated by India's non-recognition of the IOA & AA of 17 August 1948, while these provisions do not appear in the Constitution of the country. India, we will continue to face such laws which affect the right to land ownership and the right to natural resources.
Today, 15th July, 2021, all the sports associations in both the districts of Jaintia Hills including the sub divisions and blocks in the Jaintia Hills District have been invited to attend the meeting. .
Therefore, for the benefit of the people, regarding the deterioration of the road, EJHTO&TA, demands from the State Government to the Central Government to immediately repair this road,” he said. he announced.
“She said that since 2005, ASHAs have been used by the health department to assist in giving injections or medicines to residents across the state.
Others include Prof DV Kumar from Department of Sociology, NEHU, Shillong as Expert Member in Sociology, Prof. Chander Shekhar from Department of Fertility and Social Demography, Indian Institute of Population Sciences, Mumbai as Expert Member. Member in the Department of Population Studies and Prof Subhadip Mukherjee, Assistant Professor of Economics and Public Policy at IIM, Shillong as an Expert Member in the Department of Economics.
Speaking to reporters, the Bangladeshi government official to India said that initially they will use ATRs and they will see if the flights will be successful. The Boeing 737 aircraft will be used by the airlines.
The group was arrested by the Special Operation Team (SOT) from Shillong Police accompanied by the South West Khasi Hills District Police from Mawkyrwat.
In a letter to the Chief Minister, Himalaya, who is also in charge of the health department, he wrote that he requests the government to start the construction of the PHC in Sawsymper as soon as possible. has been scheduled to start soon.
Those who have been in the Government period for a year have not provided the facilities and have not looked after systematic development.
The police have intended to injure these two women from Mawlai Mawtawar, Umjalimut. This incident of the police is not only a kput or rhah but also an intention to injure. The police have taken the lives of these women who had nothing to do with the riots in the Khyndailad area today.
In this regard, a group of youths led by Barilang Pyngrope lodged a writ petition with the High Court.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: Two persons from Ri Bhoi District have tested positive for COVID-19, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today announced. to 5 people.
There was a loss of T 255 crore in 2014-15 due to the coal ban.
The present leaders have also worked hard until the end but nothing has happened and the struggle continues.
New Delhi, November 30: The year 2023 is crucial for international tax matters as codes related to tax matters dating back more than a century are being revised through international consultation .
The Meghalaya State Electricity Regulatory Commission (MSERC) has increased the electricity tariff in the state from 1st June to 31st October 2015 by 15 per cent. the current shisnem.
In the men's category, Arbokstar and Bikres came first and won the cash prize of T.20000/- for completing the race in 4.26 minutes while Phroidamon and Badapmon came first. took first place among the women.
During this training, Jhur seeds and farming equipment were donated and distributed to the farmers and this training was conducted to demonstrate, teach, guide and train them in modern farming methods.
Police have seized the Alto by the Jowai Police Station. The police have decided to fight against the drug traffickers to prevent the spread of drugs. who are almost daily traders.
After the child was taken to NEIGRIHMS hospital for treatment, Robert Hospital was taken to Robert Hospital for more than a month, because she belongs to a poor family. in terms of medicine for her child and food and drink as well.
During the meeting, it was also discussed that the government should upgrade the Mawryngkneng Poultry and Piggery Farm to a Training Center so that it can serve as a training and assistance center for the people interested in poultry farming. It does not allow young people to start their own businesses through the country.
The Prime Minister's Secretary said that the education department is in consultation with the managing committees and others on this issue.
Resubepara, November 23: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, today inaugurated the Bharat Nirman Rajiv Gandhi Seva Kendra (BNRGSK) at Kharkutta in North Garo Hills at a cost of T.10.25 lakh. The Government has launched a special scheme for the villages on the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
The Union has demanded that the government should remove the current MD. They will wait for what the management of MTC will say on their demand and if they do not call to talk to the media. until the 4th of this month and if they are not invited to speak from the 5th they will stop working.
The Ministry of Textiles has approved the preparation and continuation of the Integrated Wool Development Program (IWDP) from 2021-22 to 2025-26 with an allocation of T.126 crore.
George contested the MLA election on the TMC ticket from Umroi and was defeated.
Shillong, Iaiong 23: The Meghalaya Government today paid its last respects to the former Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah J.Dringwell Rymbai.
The Laws, which were created with compassion and concern for fellow human beings in need, such as refugees and others, are similar to the way of the cross, the way that teaches us about love, compassion and the value of human life.
The party will hold an Executive Council meeting in April or May to elect new office bearers such as the president, general secretary and treasurer of the party.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the Deputy Commissioner, Wandonbok Jyrwa, President of EKHLTWA, said that in the meeting with the DC, all the taxi drivers have expressed their strong opposition to the order. Odd/Even implementation of commercial vehicles in Shillong, Taxi drivers will not accept this order at all.
The youths also had the opportunity to hear the speeches of the columnists, Pauline Nongkynrih Warjri and Larry P Warjri, Acting Chairman and Joint Secretary, ERC SSSS. Special thanks to Mrs. Roshan Warjri and Mrs. Aida Lyngdoh Nongrang (Kong Rit) of Kyrsoi Khasi Food Mawkhar Main Road who have contributed to the goal of encouraging job seekers.
In a statement, the BSF said that the money was taken from Shillong and in Shillong they stayed at a hotel in Police Bazar. The BSF suspects that the money may have been used for the smuggling of yaba from across the Bangladesh border.
He said that they have the benefits of traditional medicine for thousands of years, but now through scientifically proven medicines to treat many diseases.
These women were judged by three judges including Mrs. Asia 2015 Nupur Saigal, Miss Ri Bhoi Samaria Pathaw and Miss Winter Queen 2015 Eve Syiemlieh.
The establishment of these two medical colleges will also help the government in providing proper health care so that people will no longer have to go to Vellor, Chennai or other places for treatment. Delhi.
She said it is difficult to get a job at this time without having special knowledge.
If anyone committed a political crime, all his family members were imprisoned.
The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, East Khasi Hills District, was also present on the occasion. Hills, Bah S.Nongtnger in the presence of other officers.
This railway line has not been scheduled yet because the land has not been found.
This was announced by F Kharmawphlang, Vice President of KSU (SP News).
Commenting on the meeting, Bah Shangpliang said, “This will be the day when we will carry out the work within the constituency as a whole and through this day there will be a closer relationship between the Thank you very much to all the people and officers of Mawsynram C&RD Block”.
Shillong, November 10: The Border Security Force (BSF) today celebrated the 75th Independence Day of India at Sohbar village in East Khasi Hills District at Rama Krishna School.
Because the government has said that they will continue to call meetings, the church will wait and if the government does not do anything, they will come out again to demand their rights.
The allocation from the Central Government to Meghalaya for the month of July is from the SGST of IGST which has been allocated to the States in July 2023 is T.86.75 crore.
In her speech, she said that as of now, the use of alcoholic beverages by children is increasing day by day. .
Regarding the posts to be held, he said it would be good if he gets the posts that Bah Samlin Malngniang has held if so but it is up to the Chief Minister how to fill the posts.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah MH Dkhar, in his opening remarks, said that the story, which is full of joy, pride and joy, will be told from generation to generation.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The two-day session of the North Eastern Council (NEC) will start in Shillong tomorrow morning with the presence of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. on the 27th and will deliver a speech on that day.
Therefore, in a statement, the union urges all contractors to refrain from importing foreign workers and to allow the indigenous people first so that it will not endanger the country and the nation. everyone especially during this time of Covid-1
Shillong, Lber 06: While digging a hole for the construction of the house of Ila Lyngdoh Mawnai in Lumshyiap, Nongsmynsong, workers today found a hand grenade from this place. to the police.
The statement said that the KSU does not want the Maxwelton Estate to become a Metor area as the number of foreigners is increasing.
The locations selected for the mock exercise include Nongrimmaw Bhagyakul and residential areas in Laitumkhrah, MUDA Shopping Complex, Police Bazaar, Petrol Pump, Demseiniong, NEEPCO and Shillong. Public School.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah Lamphrang said that he is ready to contest the MDC election if the Congress party gives him the ticket from this constituency as expected by the people. .
The shops that will be open for two days on the 21st and 22nd of this month are mobile shops, computer shops, stationary shops, single car manufacturing factories. month, stand-alone auto parts stores will open on the 22nd of this month.
" With Vedic prayer for universal health,happiness and relief from sorrow.
He has dedicated himself and his contributions for the welfare and peace of the Jaidbynriew in his power and authority through the KSU. Rishot, who joined the KSU in 2005 through the KSU Mawiawet Unit, was the General Secretary of the KSU. .
Three of the first cases were confirmed and three others who tested positive for COVID-19 were in close contact with those who tested positive for the first case.
: means that the investor has decided to count the amount of money he has spent on the fund.
Earlier, the Minister informed that the registration will take some time and will be followed by the inspection of the land to set up the land for the vendors.
However, getting the right prices for their produce remains a major challenge for many farmers due to the curfew and the impact on the economy in the region and the country.
This village was recognized by the Hima Maharam and KHADC in 1996 and has been included in the census since 2000-01 and now it has more than 30 households but due to discrimination and distrust. MLA MM Dango and MDC Bah M.Nongrem This village has been abandoned until now.
Starwin Kharjana President of the Khasi Disabilities Association (KDA) has requested the government to appoint employees to display signs in the three offices so that the hearing impaired can understand. when they go to have work.
If the government doesn't take a decision within this month, if the government doesn't take a decision, the people will take to the streets to sit or sleep on the streets. urge the government to do something for the lunch teachers in government schools.
Shillong, Nailur 24: The AICC has received the letter of Dr DD Lapang resigning from the Congress party, MPCC President Dr Celestine Lyngdoh today said.
Bah Syiem said that the KHADC will continue to improve the way of celebrating this festival in the coming years.
The march was held with a banner which read that the government should take action to remove the metor drivers from Iewmawlong area without any shouting or shouting.
In his speech, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly praised the PWD department for its efforts to build and improve many roads and this will help to improve the income of the people. especially in the struggle to get medical treatment.
In JHADC, it is clear that the Congress will get the rule and will form an executive committee within the JHADC. (SP News).
Some of the States that have improved their AVGC activities shared their experiences at the workshop, which aims to provide assistance to other States, including assistance in developing AVGC policies in the States. .
The Central Government has urged the State to be exempt from Open Defecation Free so that it will bring about the cleanliness of the surrounding areas and will not endanger the health of the people in the coming days. Samla Donald concluded his speech.
In a statement, the President of the HNPM said that the party has submitted a petition to the CEM on the 1st of this month regarding the need to pass a law to protect the marriage of Khasi women.
Shillong, Nailur 07: As part of the celebration of the 25th Anniversary of the Rupang newspaper, today the newspaper held a seminar on the theme “The land of Hynniewtrep is the capital of the country. The meeting was held at the Community Hall Mission Compound Shillong where Bah WHD Syngkon was the chief guest.
There are times when I think that during our struggle for independence, under the leadership of Mahatma Gandhi, people went from house to house to explain the need for independence.
The BJP Meghalaya demands that Bah Pala should give a clear proof of the BJP's disrespect for the Christian Churches or he should withdraw his unfounded speech,” said the statement. The BJP Meghalaya has highlighted many of the things that the Prime Minister has done, including visiting churches and meeting with Christian church leaders and announcing the good deeds done. by the leadership of the party.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The JCCRP, which includes four political parties from Jaintia Hills (JSU, JYF, JSM, JNC), today held a meeting in Jowai to discuss the government's expert. Committee to review the State Reservation Policy
The Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya, Bah FR Kharkongor, said that the ECI officials in charge of the election expenditure have already visited the state on the 15th and 15th November
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) has informed the civil society groups that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma will meet with the civil society groups on the border issue with Assam in on February 23, 2022 in Shillong.
Women beneficiaries constitute two-thirds of all MUDRA loan borrowers and many of these come from really disadvantaged backgrounds but now they have completely changed the structure of society in the country.
The party continues to monitor this violence by the Indian army against the people.
The Labor Department has already appointed Inspectors in all 39 blocks in the state and for those newly created blocks, permission is being sought from the Government to appoint Inspectors in those blocks as well. .
He said that the ability of All India Radio to reach 92% of the country and more than 99% of the population is a real achievement.
job Exam of  Poamin, World Vision.
The union itself believes that when any income or scheme comes, the income should be shared by the youth of Trai Ri Trai muluk otherwise it will be a threat to the existence of NEHU in Meghalaya.
HANM also strongly condemns the Deputy Commissioner for enacting Section 144 CrPC. The HANM has demanded that the government should immediately remove the incumbent DC of the district.
The meeting was attended by representatives from the UDP, Congress, NPP, VPP and independent candidates. The DC urged all political parties to work together to ensure that the it shall be long.
He said the HYC is not against the development.
In fact, such things will not happen.
NYKS India has organized rally cycles in the capitals of 35 States and Union Territories.
The village expressed its concern over the infiltration of the BGB troops and the BSF were not present at the time when the BGB entered the village, said the Secretary Bah Buam. .
The incident occurred between the students and the shopkeepers over the rude comments on Taniam's dress code.
The main objective of this campaign is to raise awareness among women about water resources.
This is according to a statement sent by the leaders of the KSU iooksi unit.
to continue the demand taken in the Second and Third Dorbar Ri and now in the Fourth Dorbar Ri which demanded a special Article or the Thirteenth Schedule according to the provisions of the Convention. IOA & AA4.
As human beings in the midst of childhood, they came to this earth with human knowledge.
On the UDP side, Teinwell Dkhar was elected as Deputy CEM, Rona Khymdeit, Donkupar Sumer and Hadrian Lyngdoh were elected as Deputy CEM.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: U Bah Modon Rymbai, former Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) who is also the current MDC, on Tuesday said that only the court can decide. Bah Bindo M Lanong said that the city.
They were taken to court and the court gave five days to the police to investigate against him, the SP of East Khasi Hills said.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister said that the government will never be able to increase the price of teachers, the government will appoint qualified teachers. and other training institutions should also do this.
The meeting with the ADM will start from 28.08.2013 to 04.09.2013 from 11:00 am to 3:00 pm.
Finally , all Dorbar Shnongs are requested to attend with at least 5 or 6 members of the Dorbar Shnong and if possible , with the members of the Seng Longkmie , and to arrive at 5 pm to meet with each other before the start of this meeting.
He said that Meghalaya has a lot to offer to the world, if you think about the valleys which have stories, mountains, even the sky and every beauty of nature has a rich history. which is rich.
Such trainings have been conducted many times by the BSF. The BSF has also conducted a free medicine distribution where 400 people, including parents and children have received treatment at the BSF. this is the distribution of medicine.
On the other hand, the family members together with the police have arranged the funeral as it should be.
The Universal Immunization Program was launched in India in 1985, but only 65% ​​of children and mothers have been vaccinated despite many efforts. make having to figure out how to get this vaccine to 905.
He added that once the members of the party walk in the path of righteousness and truth, God from above is the greatest source of strength and they should rely only on Him so that the members can They should be able to develop in many areas and to have the mindset as members to raise the bar of their activities internally and the departments to grow higher and higher.
It has become an attractive destination for local investors due to the improved transportation and connectivity in recent years as well as stable governance structures.
The inspection report confirmed that there were no cracks observed on any of the structures, and the overall works are reported to be in good condition, making the bridge safe for public use.
Khliehriat, Nailar 08 : The residents of Narpuh Elaka, East Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday held a protest against the inability of the National Highway Authority of India and the State Government to Construction of the National Highway-06 which has been dilapidated and has caused problems to the people in coming and going.
Mawiong Diengpasoh Road and Mawkhanu villages under Raid Nongkrem have taken this step by alleging that the Raid Mawpdang department has sold public land to private individuals in the village. the public without any consent and knowledge of the public.
The MLA of the area, Bah Wailadmiki Shylla, who was the chief guest, in the presence of the elders of the village, witnessed and opened the celebration. The Rangbah Shnongs of other villages and the Executive Engineer of Jowai South were also present.
According to my experience, people who are visually impaired or blind have a stronger memory, because they don't see or recognize me or you, but they remember from the voice and when they go here and there they don't forget once. They went on that road only by a stick that led them.
On the comments between the ANVC members as published in the newspapers, he said he does not want to comment on anything, but he and the ANVC urge all to come to the meeting. talk to peace.
Those who violate this order shall be punished under Section 188 of the Indian Penal Code, 1860 and the order of the District Magistrate.
During these three days, they will showcase the culture and traditions of Ri Bhoi.
“In particular, the KSU urges the Khasi people not to be misled by the rumors spread through the media or social media as this will divide and divide the Khasi minority.
However, after this inspection, some people have taken advantage to mislead the illiterate people in other ways and also to misunderstand the post on Facebook that I don't think that Shnong Bataw will become a village. A fully equipped Center for the villages bordering Bangladesh like Hingaria, Huroi, Lejri and others.
Shillong, Iaiong 21: The 10th Annual General Meeting of the Khihlang Seng (KJM) has ended today at Mawlongbna with the attendance of tens of thousands of people.
Shillong, July 30: More than 100 Congress supporters in Chokpot Constituency today left the party due to the loss of ticket of their MLA Blue Bell Sangma.
The SP said that the robbers had thrown a petrol bomb at the vehicle of the Director (Personnel) of NEEPCO. register case and investigation is ongoing to track down those involved.
He spoke on the story of Maniram Dewan, the struggle for Saraighat, the protest in Phulaguri, the role of women in the North East and others in today's webinar.
The court on 27th March 2023 sentenced them to 14 years imprisonment and a fine of T.50,000/- each.
The family members and the company have not paid the money to the claimants. Police from the place where they released Akhilesh from Upper Dosogre village also arrested Akhilesh. Wilban M Sangma and Withmill S Marak.
Regarding the demand for salary increase, he said that they cannot increase 100% but there has been an increase.
The team will now compete at the National level competition in Delhi as the leading team from the Eastern Zone.
It has directed to monitor the entry and exit points of liquor and money in the border areas, control of cultivation of marijuana in some states.
In order to accommodate the total participation of more than two thousand students, the program was conducted in two sessions, morning and afternoon.
Speaking to SP News Agency, KSU War Jaintia President Laiphar Syngkrem said that the KSU War Jaintia has gone to talk to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, the Director of Health Services to request an ambulance but this is their journey.
The CMC Mawiong, which falls under the supervision of St. Dominic Savio Church Mawlai Parish, on Tuesday was promoted to a new Parish with its own Pastor.
The destruction of this road is due to the flooding of rainwater which has covered the road surface and the soil which has produced snow and ice making it difficult for vehicles to pass through. here on the street.
Zenith M Sangma said more than 1000 people have been affected by the floods in the Bramaputra River in Garo Hills, but unfortunately the government has not issued any order to help those affected by this flood.
The games will be held on Wednesdays so that it will not affect the school hours of the children and 10% of these will be reserved for girls.
: The meaning is to be placed in public and is a source of great honor.
: the mutka is not able to burn.
On the registration, it was said that Bah Overwell's team got 71 votes and they got 81 votes.
At the same time, the KSU congratulates the Chief Minister for taking over this post and hopes that under the leadership of the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma, the state will be able to achieve its goals. KSU Bangalore Unit President Rymphang Nongsiej and Emosjohn General Secretary KSU Bangalore Unit said that the KSU Bangalore Unit has been increasing in number of cases.
The work was completed by the niangsaiddho.
To find ways and means how to curb the entry of foreigners, the government has appointed a High Level Official Committee of officers headed by the Chief Secretary of the state. The Meghalaya Landlord and Verification Bill, 2013 was discussed in the Cabinet today.
The Institute of Bioresources and Sustainable Development together with Tylli Ngin Tei NGO held a tree planting ceremony at the ground floor of DBT-IBSD in Mylliem in the presence of Prof. Pulok K. Mukherjee and Bah H. Khyriem. , Mayor of Mylliem.
When asked why he named the film 9-Lad and about the story of the film, Shangpliang said that the main purpose is to preserve the true name of 9-Lad. Many of them have called it PB. On the story he said that 9-Lad is a place where people live to earn a living and some of them have become rich and the story is also about living to earn a living through this place.
no Indian shall be put to inconvenience or restraint….
Lafarge's annual salary of T.90 per tonne has risen to T.18 to T.19 crore, but the absence of a full-time CEO and full-time member secretary has led to a decline in revenue. This fund has been used for development works in the area for about a year and a half.
This scheme is specially for the poorest of the poor households, especially the women.
The Reservation Policy and Roster System has been submitted to the Chief Minister today to demand a special meeting to discuss the Reservation Policy and Roster System.
The union also urges the bill light payers to inform the union if they still have to pay more than T.100/- in addition to the original bill light so that the union can take the necessary action. .
“I always trust God to direct my life," she said.
In East Jaintia Hills, it will be in Sonapur and Luber Lumshnong, in North Garo Hills it will be in Depagarad and in Ri Bhoi District it will be in Killing and Umling.
The tournament was organized in collaboration with the Pay For Right (PFR) Football Academy.
He said that there are parts in Garo Hills where there are groups who have been forced to vote for the candidate they want. They can't do what they don't want, they have to vote for what they are told.
North Koreans are banned from using iPhones, TVs or laptops! Citizens in this country know little about electronic devices and technology, because the laws of the country hide much of this information in this field.
The SP of East Khasi Hills, Claudia Lyngdwa, said that the police have prepared and taken all necessary measures to ensure vigilance during the preparations for the mid-term MLA elections. face.
The Member of Parliament, Mr.Rajeev Chandrasekhar and Child Actor Ms.Ruhana Khanna are also seen.
Meghalaya has reported 1593 deaths since the outbreak of COVID-19 positive so far. The government has taken many measures to help the people. it is with those who suffer from this disease.
The NPP said the government has wasted up to T.20 crore of public money per annum but there is no money. The government should clarify this and hand over the matter to the CBI. The NPP has admitted that they have all the documents with them regarding their allegation of corruption in the purchase of sugarcane.
The house was built under the NREGS scheme and the scheme has really helped the people in the villages. Lapng said he hopes that the house will help the people of the villages. At the same time, he urged the people to continue to cooperate with the government for the development of the villages.
You were in the Army.
At the meeting, MUPSTA also honored the former President of the Association, Bah Kenneth Shadap who has served voluntarily for many years as the leader of the Association and who has made a great contribution to work for the welfare of the Association. Adhoc Upper Primary School Teachers.
Thus, the implementation of the Excise Act, 1910 also ceased in the territories of the United Khasi-Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council.
Out of the 11 districts in the state, he visited seven districts, three in Garo Hills and two in Khasi Hills.
In this incident, an unidentified person shot dead three employees and another person identified as Arjun Ray, 52 years old, was injured and died on the way while being transported. According to a statement sent by the police, unidentified persons shot and beat three employees of the area and one identified as Arjun Ray. 52 years old killed and others injured.
Also present on the occasion were Piwel Shylla, Vice President, Bhalang Bang and others.
She also took the opportunity to congratulate all the doctors who have dedicated themselves and their families for the health of the patients.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: U Bah Sambor Shullai MLA of Shillong South Constituency today sent a DO Letter to the Chief Executive Officer of Shillong Municipal Board to inform him that the people are in the midst of water shortage. give birth.
The SEC has nominated two leaders, Dr Jemino Mawthoh and Bah Paul Lyngdoh, to be one of them as candidates.
He also recalled his childhood days when Bah Paul Lyngdoh used to listen to the songs of Bah Tanbor, and later as a young KSU leader he remembered Bah Daminot J Wankhar and Kong Adlyne Khonglam who used to listen to the songs of Bah Tanbor. sang in the songbook of the organization, and this time they received an award.
There are 94 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 45 from West Khasi Hills and 36 from West Khasi Hills. there are 81128 people.
Although the order was issued on 4/12/2018, the Meghalaya government has not issued an order to start transporting coal for 40 days. shallan coal to the coal owners who claim that they still have coal in their land.
So far, the goat pox vaccine has been found to be effective against LSD and the funds for the purchase of the goat pox vaccine have been provided to the states/UTs under ASCAD,” Rupala added.
Banteidor said the UDF has taken this issue seriously as the government has done.
This decision was taken by the Fees Fixation Committee.
Speaking on the education sector, he said that the college will help the students of this area to improve their education and the government wants the students of this area to get the same benefits. others.
To introduce the ILP within the Khasi States on the basis of Article 5 of the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement approved by the Government of India on 17th August Rule 2009 and the Government of Nongstoin Rule
“I have a sincere desire to serve you the people of Khasi Hills,” said Bah Elphrin Lawai, Mawryngkneng.
KHNAM also demanded that the Government should immediately dismiss Rituraj Ravi from East Khasi Hills District.
There is a great deal of trouble and sorrow in us.
On this day, some central government offices such as Post Offices, Banks and NIFT, NEIAH were opened on this day. on this day.
He said he had received a letter and a book which he had yet to read.
The Coordination Committee of the Meghalaya Social Organization (MSO) has taken this opportunity to demand that the government should implement the ILP in the state.
In the coming days, about 1.5 lakh health centers will be opened in rural areas, one medical college will be opened for three Lok Sabha constituencies, houses will be built for about 2 crore poor people. 15 crore households in rural areas, 1.25 km of roads will be constructed in rural areas.
Shillong, Naitung 03: Members of the FKJGP led by Samla Marbud Dkhar have met with the Director of Postal Service Joseph Sailo.
Police have informed the Superintendent of Police of Bangladesh in charge of Sumanganj District regarding the incident. Ricky from the hands of the kidnappers.
The MRTI leader said that as of now in Meghalaya, there has been no punishment for those who have been accused of forgetting something that belongs to the people. The Meghalaya Lokayukta Act, 2002 is a law that does not have the power to prohibit corruption.
Until these days, this Network Tower has not been able to provide a useful service to the people but the Company has been cheating for years to the customers of these 5 Villages.
Bah Sangriang said that their findings are that those who work too badly on the road by covering it with soft stones are from the wahkaji to the part called Tihbah. They have already lodged a complaint with UCIL and have been informed that officials from the office will visit on Saturday.
“That is, that the President can no longer do anything on the pre-Constitution Laws such as the Eastern Bengal Frontier Regulation, 1873 after the expiry of THREE YEARS since the commencement of the Constitution. India; the Constitution of India came into force on 26th January, 1950 and after 1953 no part of the Eastern Bengal Frontier Regulation,
I am also pleased to say that there are those who will appear in their place.
When the Son of Man goes to the fields, to the fields, to the fields, to the fields, he does not forget to give glory to his Lord Creator, because from one season to another, from one year to another. on the other hand, mankind has walked along with the blessing of God the Creator, the Creator, the Distributor.
This is to inform the students of the area that another announcement will be made in the near future on this issue.
He said that the Secretary of the Legislative of KHADC has written clearly in the letter and mentioned the AD Rule when he informed the Governor of the resignation of these two members. Chairman and Deputy Chairman which has been sent through the DC (A) to the Governor.
It is understood that leaders of anti-water groups, rights groups from different states of the North East will attend the rally. to protect and enforce the rights of the indigenous people.
According to the estimates, there are 14 million Hindus in Bangladesh, while in the North East there are only 1 million Khasi. that nation.
The Seng wishes all its brothers and sisters to have a healthy body and a strong mind, to progress in all aspects especially in education. Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has issued a statement saying that the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) under the leadership of its President, Bah Bah Roykupar Synrem today inspected the parking lot of MUDA after seeing the increase in drug users and trafficking in the state. and to the people that walk and stand in this place.
Members of the VDP of Pongtung village on receiving information about the incident, raided and arrested the suspects. this bag.
The Seng Khasi Kmie has been holding this Kiew Pyneh Rngiew every year since 1999, on the first Wednesday of June.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The sudden storm in Lawbah area has caused damage to dozens of houses over the years and this has caused a lot of loss to the people of that area.
Many times the residents witness such deaths due to the poor road conditions.
Sohra Super Nova were bowled out for 62 runs for the loss of 10 wickets in 13.2 overs.
Paul Lyngdoh, Kyrmen Shylla, AL Hek and Shakliar Warjri were also sworn in as Ministers in the name of God.
The increase in the price of cows in Khanapara market is due to the smuggling of cows to Bangladesh where the price has not fallen and the dorbar will sell them in the market.
More importantly, women account for 70% of all those employed in the garment industry and 73% in the textile industry.
The letter was sent to the office of one of the newspapers after the request of the Chief Minister Cornad K Sangma that the government needs the equipment. the names of people.
The victory has brought about change in the region and her Department has also worked hard to open up opportunities for people with disabilities for inclusive development.
The election in these states will also be held on the same day.
On the other hand, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, who led the MDCs to the Minister of District Council, said that they also want the government to amend the President's Order There are 50 ethnic groups in the state.
Among the petitions they have submitted and the request to these former Chief Ministers, they have refused to grant a Civil Sub Division for the people of Ranikor Constituency, but immediately after meeting with the incumbent Chief Minister Cornad Sangma said that this demand is right and said that this year he will give the Ranikor Civil Sub Division.
The President of the Association, Bah Peter Thyrniang, said that the Minister has accepted the demands of the Association and promised to take them before the Cabinet for further discussion. I don't take anything.
“It's not the responsibility of the Chief Minister to say anything about the appointment of Ministers, but as it is a clean government, the Chief Minister doesn't want to interfere with this,” he said. It is up to the party to write a letter if they feel it is necessary to replace the ministers from the party.
Police are investigating the incident.
The meeting was attended by representatives from Sohra, Mawbeh Lakhar, Nongkroh, Tynrong, Shella, Sohbar, Mawlong, Saitsohpen, Laitkyngkot, Sohrarim, including youth office bearers of KSU South Khasi Hills and others. .
Shillong, March 08: The trade in property has changed with the passing of the days and this has also created problems regarding the land under the jurisdiction of the District Councils where foreigners are doing their work. Traders must obtain a trading licence.
Larisa Laminna Adventist Higher Secondary School, Thadlaskein, West Jaintia Hills, who scored 450 marks, has been ranked first in the Top 10 in the results of the Higher Secondary Leaving Certificate (Arts) announced by the Meghalaya Board of School Education. MBOSE) on Thursday.
The filing of nomination papers for the election will end tomorrow.
During the meeting, the Minister also sought the opinion of the people of the area who are working in the Mawshun industry and they also expressed their concern about getting jobs in the future. that this mining work was banned.
Other MDCs who took part in the Zero Hours discussion were Rona Khyndeit MDC of Nongpoh, Manstudy Nongrem MDC of Ranikor, HS Shylla MDC of Nongkrem, Samlin Mallangniang MDC of Nongkrem. Sohiong, Teinwell Dkhar MDC of Shella, Telinia Thangkhiew MDC of Mylliem and Adelbert Nongrum MDC of Jaiaw.
Shillong, Nailar 11: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today laid the foundation stone for the construction of the Shillong Government College of Engineering in the state. Shillong Polytechnic, Mawlai.
The parade will reach 75 cities as a symbol of the Azadi Amrit Mahotsav – the 75th anniversary of India's independence.
As the civil society organizations also see that the government has decided where to take the situation and where to start, the construction of the line is not pending in 20222 but the government has said that the construction of the line will not be completed in This has been the case since
Due to the increase in population, the emergence of other jobs, the increase in the population, the farmland has become smaller from time to time and the number of farmers has become less. For example, Sikkim has sold flowers to European countries which the Meghalaya government can also do.
Following the public announcement published in the newspapers in all the states and Union territories, 21,558 responses were received by the people of the country. 80 per cent of the responses supported the holding of elections at the same time.
Making decisions on the basis of data is important to make decisions in any business and it is one of the prerequisites for a thorough understanding of statistics information generated from statistics and also to pave the way for evidence-based decision-making.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Donkupar Sumer, MDC Umsning, congratulated the Nongrimjyrmie Social & Cultural Club for taking the initiative to organize this program for the benefit of the people of Umsning. the poultry farming industry which is one of the sources of employment for the villagers.
“We are firm on the ground to demand from the government to implement the ILP immediately and we will not hesitate even if the government threatens to impose draconian laws,” said the Information Secretary of FKJGP.
We wave our Lamas of the country with great joy and enthusiasm in the workplaces, municipalities, panchayats, colleges, schools, homes and villages.
Shillong, Nailur 03: The Meghalaya Legislative Assembly has conducted a COVID-19 test for MLAs in the Assembly and out of the 60 MLAs who have been tested, four have come forward. today to have this test done.
The union urged the relevant department to take immediate action on this issue so that the students of the school can get the full benefit especially the students who are preparing for matric.
The MGPS is affiliated with the Indian Golf Union (IGU) and the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA).
However, on the grounds that the government has not kept its promises to the people, until now it has not been able to start the blood donation center for the death of the deceased. The JYF has unanimously supported the JSU on the call for a 12 hour curfew from 5 pm to 5 pm on the 12th of this month. .
Unidentified persons have detonated a petrol bomb in a commercial taxi number ML05E-0226 at Langkyrdieng in the early hours of this morning.
Twitter did not say whether the visit would be on the border dispute with Assam or the land dispute in the area in recent days. and he spake of the land.
Police have registered a case under Sections 21(a)/27(a) of the NDPS Act.
SP News Agency has tried to get information from the authorities in charge of West Jaintia Hills District regarding the destruction of houses by the natural disaster. Talk to the relevant authorities, but the truth is that many households have been destroyed by the natural disaster.
The police have decided to crack down on the drug traffickers and have strengthened their efforts to fight against drug traffickers. drug activity in the state.
I was born in Gujarat.
Speaking to reporters, the CEM of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem said that after discussions from all sides, the supporting and opposition parties as well as the MDCs, the meeting took the The NOC has been decided not to issue the NOC for the construction of the road from Nongstoin to Wahkaji and from Wahkaji to Ranikor.
Shillong, Nailur 27: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the civil society groups which are trying to implement the ILP in the state are acting like the insurgents.
The Government expresses its gratitude to all those who have worked hard to evacuate the residents of the state who have come from abroad and the doctors and nurses who have worked hard to test all those who have returned to their villages. , thank you to all those who have contributed to this work.
The Seng said that these illegal residents in this area which falls under the Municipal area, they raise cows, dump garbage into the streams and rivers and this affects the health of the village. .
The Syiem of Riad Nongtung said that it cannot be held anymore, but what they are doing now is to preserve the customs and traditions along with the rituals, prayers and dancing. All the residents of Raid Nongtung were invited to take part.
New Delhi, Iaiong 09: On the occasion of Easter, the holy day of commemoration of the resurrection of the Lord Jesus Christ, the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, has visited Bishops and priests at the Sacred Heart Cathedral in Delhi.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The Meghalaya BJP State Unit welcomes the government's decision to have one ration card per country.
Even though he was dead, one of the neighbors of the victim saw him committing this crime and fled and committed suicide. to the police of Ladrymbai Police Outpost.
BATTERY TORCHM45GASUAPARA, P.O.GASUAPARA, P.S.BAGHMARA.Jowai.
The Government has talked to the Central Government to send more trains to transport the people of the state and to provide airplanes to transport the people of the state.
The concluding speech was delivered by the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, who called for the unity of all the Hima/Elaka so that the demands of the Hima Khasi States can be fulfilled and the IOA and AA can be recognized under the Act. of India.
There were 14 Rots, which were made by different villages in the Kmai Raij as well as the Seiñ Ummulong, the Seiñ Raij Shillong and others.
Speaking at a meeting at Shillong Press Club, Thrumen said it took about a year and a half to complete the book and he is happy if anyone wants to translate it into other languages ​​especially into other languages. that nation.
Shillong, March 27: The first Azadi Amrit Mahotsav and 8 years of Seva, Sushasan & Garib Kalyan was held today at Sohra, Meghalaya, the second rainiest place in the world. .
The officers explained the various activities in the water treatment.
Cornad said that after the elections there will be a stir within the Congress party.
In a letter signed by the President and Secretary of MMSA, they said that this threat to doctors by the insurgents has happened from time to time. fight to hide to protect your own life.
The closure was held because these banks did not honor the special day of Thomas Jones who came across the sea to Khasi Hills, where Khasi Hills honors and knows him as the father of literature. khasi, that it was through him that he introduced the written characters of the Khasi language.
It is an honor for Meghalaya that the people of the state will represent India in this competition.
Out of the 10 years in the Assembly, 13 months in the ruling party, 8 years in the opposition.
Unfortunately, this year the farmers are facing a very difficult situation.
“We respect the request of the DC of East Jaintia Hills District to lift the night curfew but we will not be able to move forward for the sake of the people. The government has not yet repaired the road.
Not only that, the army is also encouraging the young women of this area to join the army and as of now there is an influx of women from Mizoram and Manipur. .
The Defense Minister also visited the Solmara Military Station in Tezpur where she talked to the Army Chiefs and encouraged them despite their difficult situation.
On the other hand, the Minister of State for Education, Rakkam Sangma, said that the Central Government has listened to the request of the State Government to release the CUTE Exam for
He recalled the times when there was a perception that India was a backward country and did not have the technology to provide assistance.
According to the CEO, “Under the rules of the Election Commission, there is no law to register the names of villages.
He said that comments on the questions raised by the commission can be sent in writing or by mail to the commission and should be submitted to the Secretary before 16th November. Fifth Meghalaya Pay Commission, State Guest House Complex (Taraghar), Ward's Lake Side, Shillong–793001.
Shillong, Naitung 31: A conveyor belt of Lafarge Company transporting shun from Nongtrai to Bangladesh has suddenly caught fire and damage has been tens of meters.
His contribution to the implementation of IT during the elections is his initiative with the Electronically Transmitted Postal Ballot System (ETPBS), as well as the National Voter Service Portal (NVSP) and the e-portal. to facilitate the registration process and the control of expenditure during elections.
: The State Government has spent T.9.28 crore in East Khasi Hills District alone for the treatment of men and women who have become addicted to drugs.
He asked the candidates to understand the many benefits of government schemes.
The Chief Minister said that through a long journey, the Assam Rifles has contributed significantly to ensuring peace and stability in the North East which has been affected by insurgency and also in Jammu. and Kashmir and that it has worked hard to prevent drug trafficking.
Shillong, Nailur 01: U Dr Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the Cabinet has discussed today to hold the mid-term MDC elections, but the time has not been announced yet. writing to the Governor for approval.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the preparations for the nomination of the names of the candidates for the post of Chairperson within the Commission have been completed. the names that were there were not changed.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The filing of nomination papers for the MLA election to the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya has ended today and the scrutiny of nomination papers will be held tomorrow across the state. .
The theme of June encourages the empowerment of women in all fields, a future where their leadership and contributions are valuable in decision-making and economic development. you are right.
At the same time, all voters are advised not to vote 45 hours before the polling station and not to have any flag or poster at the polling station if they are not punished. law.
Shillong, Nailar 25: The Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District, Jagpal Singh Dhanoa IPS, on Tuesday said that the Meghalaya Police have decided to maintain peace and order in the state. They shall be punished according to the law.
Speaking at the protest, Bah Lapang said the Indian National Congress is not against taking any action against the illegally collected black money.
Until today, we don't have a clear explanation about the Dorbar Kur, Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raid, and Dorbar Hima. under the Sixth Schedule and cannot exceed the limits of the Constitution of India, so we are in line with the laws of India in all the Khasi States and India especially in terms of citizenship because the IOA has not yet appeared. and AA under the Constitution of India.
They applied for bail but only the Court can grant bail but not the Government.
Of the 88 cases, 21 cases are in hospitals, 17 cases from East Khasi Hills, 1 case from Ri Bhoi, 1 case from South West Garo Hills and 1 case from West Garo Hills.
Shillong, Nailar 05: The Executive Committee of KHADC, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, on Tuesday said that the Executive Committee has decided to oppose the Environment Impact Assessment, of the central government.
Speaking to reporters, the founder of the Skill Tree Knowledge Consortium, Mr. Shekhar A. Bhattarcharjee said that this scheme is an opportunity for the students of the North East to continue their studies. their education without any problem from poverty.
The presence of terrorist organizations has had a significant impact on development activities.
He said that the party has already sent a letter to all the 12 ministers of the government regarding this meeting which they have convened today. letter.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: The Reserve Bank of India (ERB) on Tuesday said that the coin banknotes issued by the Government of India have their own images. be a reward for various works from time to time.
On the other hand, the District Administration wants to ensure that there will be no inconvenience during the pilgrimage to the place, and to know where to get permission. There is nothing wrong with this and the District Administration does not want to interfere.
Mawphlang, November 23: As part of the struggle to preserve the traditional songs of the world, the Global Chant has been formed.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong expressed his gratitude to the MDC for listening to their request to install CCTV cameras inside the village to protect against criminals.
Momin is from Garo Hills.
“It is a fact that this submarine cable is closer to the North Eastern States of India. If we can take this land, it will be a blessing to the people of the North Eastern States. “It will promote Information Technology in the region to improve income,” he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District has enforced Section 144 CrPC to prevent illegal collection of money by setting up gates on central highways and state roads. .
The Personnel Department has issued a directive that from now on, if new recruitment calls are made to the MPSC or DSC, before announcing them publicly, they must first seek permission from the Personal Department after receiving permission, the MPSC. or DSCs will be able to announce publicly the vacancies, the highest offices, is that all government departments should implement this system in the jobs from 1972 as far as possible until The Meghalaya High Court is the first to implement the regulation of the employees.
It is understood that the ticket from Umroi may go to Bah Ngaitlang Dhar and from Rajabala may go to one of the independent MLAs who supports the present government.
The injured man was taken to the Civil Hospital for treatment. The injured man was taken to the Civil Hospital for treatment.
After a thorough investigation, the team found that these suspects were trafficking in the blood of innocent people.
One of the Congress MLAs said that at this meeting today, the AICC has directed all the MLAs to work hard in their respective constituencies and to ban the party. will reach the goal of coming back to power.
This student completed the topic 'Coalition Government: A Study.
Shillong, Nailur 14: Today, the Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that 139 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills and 124 in Ri. Bhoi 13 cases, East Jaintia Hills 2 cases, West Garo Hills 1 case.
A tender will be called for the management of the land and only the villagers of Maraikaphone can bid.
As the launch of this scheme, the government today distributed social contracts to all 36 villages in East Khasi Hills District. The scheme was implemented through the Land Management Department of the State Government.
This is higher than the price of T.13/litre in UP (T.96.57/litre).
It is to be recalled that the Assembly Committee has convened a meeting and after the meeting it has decided to close down within 14 days all those Coke Factories in Shallang which do not have proper documents and To do this, it is up to the District Administration to do whatever is necessary.
In [24]7.
However, the Central Government has not yet believed in our request,” said Kong Syiemlieh.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: U Prime Minister Narendra Modi today distributed more than 1 lakh appointment letters to those who have been appointed through video conferencing.
The venues of the B20 Conference of the G20 Presidency of India in Aizawl are, Mizoram with its many lands; rich in deiriti, it is the one that attracts the most visitors.
to extend the validity period for the students who have passed the DSC Jaintia Hills since 2010 whom the Committee has not been able to recommend all those who have passed so far.
He said that in this regard, the Executive Committee has directed the EM i/c of ​​the Department of Education, Bah Carnes Sohshang to take forward this work and the rules will be announced later so that the Research Scholars shall receive the scholarship as announced by the Council.
Shillong, Naitung 12: The election for the election of the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills District Council (KHADC) scheduled to be held today has been postponed due to the death of Chief Executive Member (CEM). Speaking to reporters, HS Shylla, Chairman of the Khasi Hills Democratic Alliance (KHDA), said that the election scheduled for today has been postponed. The Legislative Assembly of KHADC has sent a letter to the Governor of the State and the Governor of the State will have to announce the date of the resignation. to hold an election to elect a CEM by appointing a Preterm Chairman and a temporary CEM.
At present, the construction of this school has been delayed for many years due to the inability of the Ministry of Education to expedite the work.
TUR said it should be clearly understood that the kinship relationship between our fellow countrymen living in India and Bangladesh has been forcibly separated by the border and line drawn when the British Government left. to my rule.
Before entering politics, Ardent M Basaiawmoit was a member of the FKJGP until he reached the position of president of the party. Shillong, March 02: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Meghalaya, has won from the HSPDP in the second election and has left the party and has now formed a new party. The Boundary Committee from Meghalaya has sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of Kamrup, Assam to inform him that the Boundary Committee from Meghalaya will arrive in Guwahati tomorrow morning to discuss the border issue.
The incident happened on the 16th of November at Sohkymphor village in East Jaintia Hills District.
The exhibition will last for four days and the public can visit it.
Therefore, while the Government is still ordering the implementation of the ILP, the KSU also has its own law to implement in its own country. make us enemies in all respects for the sake of the country.
One of these two is necessary,” Dr Kishore told India Science Wire.
The maintenance of these roads has started and is progressing, such as in Basakot, Basadoh, Basakwai, Basa Mawpat line, the KHADC has joined hands to help improve these roads. This market is under the jurisdiction of the Hima Mylliem.
“When there is a mistake, there must be a correction.
They used swords, clubs and weapons as they got and began to attack even the soldiers.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Officer Incharge of Dawki Police Station said that it is true that more police have been sent to Dawki to patrol the villages on the Bangladesh border. 24-hour patrols in Bangladesh border villages.
Shillong, March 14: Two Khasi youths, Bah Babit Kharsanoh and Monica Nongrum from Meghalaya have been selected to take part in the Asian Muaythai Championship 2018 to be held at China.
Border Security Force (BSF) of 193 Battalion on receiving a tip-off seized sarees worth T.42 lakh which were intended to be smuggled into Bangladesh through the border of Bangladesh. in the State of Meghalaya.
In this meeting with the Deputy Commissioner, the KSU asked whether there will be a march on Thursday morning and on Friday. The Deputy Commissioner said that there will be no such march. She said that if someone does something wrong, the party will not take what is right.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, has congratulated and praised the police through social media. which costs 2 crore tyngka.
The PPM members were welcomed by the President of the PPM, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani.
The KHADC sends its condolences to the children and family members of Bah GS Massan and may the soul of Bah GS Massan rest in peace.
Through four decades of his leadership in Parliament, the fight against the Emergency (which no one can forget the memorable rally at Ramlila Maidan in Delhi when his speech was heard jam ia ka ri), the light to lead his party with conviction but he speaks for the country, he explains clearly the spirit of democracy in India.
In the complaint, Marak said, “The Municipalities have violated the rules of the Fifteen Finance Commission and the decision of the Coordination Committee set up on 2nd June, It was decided that the CEM will convene a meeting to discuss the Plans/Projects, proposals and activities to be carried out in the implementation of Fifteen Finance.
He is also a writer, poet, dancer and expert in song, music and traditional dance.
The President of India has approved the name of Sushil Baruah, Warder, and Pranab Kr.
The Governor also stressed on leading the voice of the youth of the country towards the process of building a prosperous India and mentioned the role of youth-friendly institutions.
Speaking to reporters, I saw the body of my father lying dead. One of my surprises was that they were clean, but their father had a mental illness and one of his hands was paralyzed. “It's not possible to fight against the police, that's one thing, how can they say that they are fighting against?”
Speaking to media, the Assistant Secretary of HANM, Bah Wyraiwan Sohtun, said that the Director has informed that an inquiry will be launched within 10 days. urge the Director to conduct the investigation himself so that it will be transparent.
When asked whether the government will continue with these constructions in the state, Forest Minister James said it depends on the availability of funds. the government wants to build more.
Regarding the masks, the doctors said that as of now there is a shortage not only in Shillong, but in Guwahati and Delhi as well. They are not strong enough to wear mass.
Jowai, Iaiong 09: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) War Jaintia Circle has lodged a complaint against the MDA government for increasing the price of beverages. u cup shiliang house shiliang not poor or poor.
New Delhi, November 21: The Meghalaya Police Squad in Delhi has celebrated Advance Christmas in Delhi for the first time since they started working abroad. The advance Christmas celebration of the 5th MLP BN in Delhi was a very successful event, with the participation of the people of the state. Delhi Achik Christian Fellowship (DACF) Pastor Laida Sangma, who lives in Delhi, organized the celebration.
The BJP leader said the party will contest the Lok Sabha elections alone without any alliance with any party.
Shillong, Lber 29: After heavy rainfall in Shillong today, people walking in Wahumkhrah, Wahiengdoh have seen the body of an elderly man lying on the ground. doesn't.
More importantly, we should be able to produce more qualification teachers from the country.
Speaking as the chief guest at the two-day conference on “Regional Capacity Building Workshop on Non Timber Forest Produce” in Shillong which started today at the State Convention Centre. The event was organized by the NCW in collaboration with the Meghalaya Biodiversity Board.
This can undermine the trust of the people of the area.
It is learned that the Area Commander of Jimmy's group was present at the meeting.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: Three ECs have been formed in the KHADC in the last three years.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah W.Khyllep, Deputy Commissioner of North Garo Hills, said that agriculture should be strengthened as it is very important in the country. it produces wheat.
Ranikor, March 19: The KSU Ranikor Circle has demanded from the Government and MeECL to provide electricity to Photeitsim village which is only a few kilometers from Ranikor.
Regarding the arrest of 26 members of the KSU, Marngar said that their arrival today to talk to the government has been a success. On the demands of the party, the party knows how to deal with the arrested members.
The time to start and the time to end with the sound of the guns of the soldiers with the sirens.
He bought the pistol from Bah Pynshai Rani for T.40,000 thousand and police seized it from his residence in Mawkasiang along with seven bullets.
The inability of the Executive Committee to protect the land of the District Council, the inability to protect the villagers, the inability to bring forward issues according to the Constitution, thus this EC has failed in all the works.
Shillong, Naiwieng 07: The Tyrso Valley Wildlife Protection Society (TYPSP) has announced that this year the Amur Falcon Festival will be held for two days on the 12th and 13th of this month at Umru. which is located in the province of Ri Bhoi District, Meghalaya.
According to the estimates given by the Prime Minister, the payment of interest alone in the 2023-2024 fiscal year will be T.1,169 crore, the payment of pension will be T.1,794 crore. .
The tournament was attended by Bah B Lyngdoh, Chairman, Nongkrem Pyllun, Rangbah Shnongs from the villages.
At the meeting, Bah CB Syiem said that his visit was at the invitation of the elders. On that day, he strongly criticized the MLA who left the constituency, whether he will contest or not. The 2023 elections will be up to the party to decide whether the party says he is ready to contest the election.
The Branch Manager said that her office has not asked or authorized the employees to apply for Aadhar Number, but all this is due to the stupidity and negligence of the employees or staff. .
However, the Rangbah said that he will not invite the Sengbhalang so that it will be a warning to the people to be vigilant when they go out to eat. Drink in restaurants to avoid injury.
The four MLAs who resigned and joined the BJP, AL Hek, Sanbor Shullai, Robinus Syngkon and Justine Dkhar, have been confirmed to join the BJP. Shillong, July 19: Shillong, July 19: The Indian Kickboxing Federation Cup 2017-18 has been held in Delhi. The Meghalaya State Kickboxing Association (MSKA) has won the tournament at the Talkatora Indoor Stadium in New Delhi, which started on the 16th and will end tomorrow morning. two gold medals, two silver medals, and five bronze medals.
Today it was seen that these trucks were driving from the old bridge which was previously found to be in trouble, the driving of vehicles is one by one and there is a sign in front of the bridge that only There is also a police gate at this place.
He said that there are four rules, which the government cannot do what the government does not want but for the sake of the health of the people it has to do, that is to impose a fine of T.500/- walking in public places, walking in public places without wearing a mask, and not following the social distancing.
The Director of DERT, Bah John P Lakiang, in his speech said that it is the responsibility of the teachers and the work they should do and they have discussed how to develop the youth.
The meeting was attended by several MLAs from the committee.
Shillong, Lber 18: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, in reply to a question on the spelling of the Khasi and Garo languages, which was brought by George B Lyngdoh MLA, He said that the government will look into whether there is a need to set up a committee to look into the issue. .
The Shillong Lummawnei Water Supply Scheme was inaugurated by the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma at a cost of Rs 95 crore.
Dr Mukul praised the Riwar Mih area for loving football and it was this area that produced Aiborlang Khongjee who became one of the most famous players in India. Regarding the petition submitted by the sport club to him, the Prime Minister said that the petition has included the right words.
Jowai, July 20: The post of Deputy Chief Executive Member and two Executive Members of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has remained vacant for more than two months. Chief Minister.
The BJP government wants to see that the people of this state should reap the fruits of the development done by the BJP-led central government. In 2018, the BJP will play a major role in forming the government and the Congress will no longer come to power and a new government will come.
In the afternoon, a cultural ceremony was held and prizes were awarded to the winners of various sports competitions including Football, Bible Knowledge, and Song Competition.
Shillong, July 26: Leaders of the National People's Party (NPP) Ranikor Block Unit including President Bah German Nongsiang and other leaders have left the party. NPP South West Khasi Hills District President Kitborlang Nongrem wants to make it clear to the public that there is no dispute over the ticket for the mid-term MDC elections from the 26-Langrin MDC constituency. which will be held on 28th June
Bah Shot Kharjana from Umlyngka said that if we count the cost of cultivating sohsaw which he has been cultivating for 20 years, the cost per shikilo has reached 20 tyngka. the price is between 22 and 30 tyngka.
Jowai, Jymmang 12: The AJYWO Central Body has expressed its strong opposition to the government's attempts to forcibly implement the National Population Register (NPR) or Aadhaar Number without following the decisions of the meeting. Dr Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of the State was held on 24.11.2015 at the Main Secretariat Building Shillong.
Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh said that poverty cannot prevent a person from moving forward if we have a spirit of struggle and a clear goal in our lives. knowledge of man, knowledge of God and a life of discipline.
The meeting between the Income Tax officials and the Chief Minister was a mutual respect, and the Chief Minister congratulated them on their visit.
He said that this Act will address this issue as it will empower the state to detain people for up to 6 months and to extend for another 6 months if they are people who are involved in drug trafficking. but if the detention has to be extended for another 6 months, the approval of the Advisory Board must be obtained.
Shillong, Naitung 05: The Hynniewtrep Youth Party (HSPDP) today convened a meeting of the Central Executive Committee of the party to discuss the party's affairs. they did not attend this meeting.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The air is essential for all living things on this earth and the climate.
He urged the students to have the will to say no to any temptation from any quarter and to succeed in their studies.
Another decision was to increase the fees of students in LP schools and UP schools from T.100 per month to T.600 per month in LP schools and students. UP school fees have been increased from T.40/- per month to T.600/- per month.
Those who have Aadhaar or are still sending it can take it to the office of the SDO Sohra or can send it through the ration shops in their villages.
He blessed the leaders and urged the residents not to blame the mistakes of the leaders but what they don't understand or like should be shown and spoken directly to the leaders so that the village can move forward.
After signing the soskular, the Chief Minister said, “We invite investors to come and set up businesses in Meghalaya because Meghalaya is the best state for investors. I don't have money to work in this state.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: Up to 500 houses have been damaged by the storm and cold weather in Maheskhola area of ​​Ranikor C&RD Block on Tuesday night. said Bah FD Basan, Block Development Officer, South West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, June 19: All the doctors and staff of Bethany Hospital have been tested negative and those who have not yet been tested negative, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said. three samples.
Due to the increase in the price of food items, we request for a 100 percent salary increase,” the Association said in the petition.
On receiving this information, the police have arrested the suspects.
The KSU questions the Government of India and the Government of Meghalaya under the leadership of Mukul Sangma where the government has hidden these people and children who were born without children. It is an attempt by the Meghalaya government under the leadership of the Uranium Corporation of India Ltd to hide from the world that there was no impact on the mining of uranium in the 1990s and to mislead the world that UCIL. The uranium radiation has been prevented so that open cast mining and uranium drilling can proceed and a processing plant has been set up in the area.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: Members of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today carried placards in front of the NEHU gate demanding the Inner Line Permit in Meghalaya. It has already been passed by the Legislative Assembly in
The members of the Committee also talked to the officers of this Government-run factory, which the Government has decided to close down.
On the other hand, the Minister urged all the workers involved in rural development works to work hard for the sake of improving the income of the people.
On the VPP's claim that Khasi youth are unemployed, the GSU said that Garo youth are in the same plight as the unemployed and those who are more difficult to find jobs. They are Garo.
The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, RM Kurbah, said that there have been discussions at the government level but no decision has been taken regarding the railway line.
Shillong, Nailar 27: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, who is also the Chairman of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government, today said that the MDA meeting held today to discuss the issue of The Speaker has accepted the decision to form a Core Committee to elect the Speaker.
In a statement sent by Bah MH Dkhar, President of the AJYWO Central Body, the AJYWO Central Body demands that the law enforcement authorities should arrest and punish severely the owner of the shop. The incident occurred through the kiad shop at Mookhep.
On the other hand, the ARPA, a group of three political parties, HSPDP, KHNAM and UDP, has decided that the post of Dy Chairman should go to KHNAM which has four MDCs. The party has refused to accept this and has offered the UDP one of the coalition parties but it has also refused.
Referring to the Social Sciences questions for 2024, the questions from Social Science-I (History and Civics) did not change much or were very clever except for a few. .
You can go to this place to complain.
Shillong, July 8: I am very grateful to Bah Bindo M.Lanong, MDC for taking the time and energy to discuss this urgent issue and the need of the people for the ILP. I would like to give this explanation on the outstanding issue raised by Bah Bindo.
On the part of the professors of the University, they requested Bah John Kharshiing to deliver a lecture at the Law School.
To allow the farmers to sell their produce at the market until 2 pm as decided by the Dorbar u Syiem of Mylliem Hima and to put up a clear sign board.
At the same time, the Government of India should understand clearly that it is only through these agreements and promises (IOA & AA) that there is a chain of relationship between the rights and sovereignty of the Governments of Khasi States, Jaintia Garo. and the Constitution of India.
The extension is on the basis of a social peace agreement between the ANVC and the central government and it is hoped that the number of members of the House can be increased from 29 to you 40 people.
Shillong, Nailur 15: U Fredrick Kharmawphlang on Tuesday said that the political parties have demanded that the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma should step down like other political parties. They demanded that the government should immediately implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) across the state and they did not stand on any ground to demand that Dr Mukul Sangma should step down.
At the consecration ceremony, the parents and relatives of these deacons were brought to the church by Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh as the High Priest. to these deacons whether they are willing to live and obey according to the teachings of the Church by Imduk Imsuk and to be holy until the end of their lives.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The All Meghalaya Adhoc Upper Primary School Association (ADA) today held a meeting in Shillong to discuss the promise of the Chief Minister to increase the salaries of teachers. teachers.
He said that the Dorbars Shnong, Dorbar Kur, Dorbar Raid, Dorbar Hima/Elaka are indigenous institutions of self government which are ruled by Syiems, Lyngdohs, Sirdars, Dolloi and Wahadars. , and Nokma, in Meghalaya have been fighting for many years to protect the partyless rule of law from the political rule by political parties under the Sixth Schedule which violate the customs and traditions. to benefit their parties.
The closing speech was delivered by Bah BG Lapang from Ri-Bhoi District who urged the people to stand firm in protecting the future especially on the children who should get jobs and as well as the roads which are the budlum of development which the MLAs and MDCs should bring for the benefit of the people.
Shillong, March 13: A total of 67 people have been tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 45 in West Garo Hills and 8 of them are policemen. , North Garo Hills 2, South Garo Hills 2, East Jaintia Hills 1, South West Garo Hills 1, West Jaintia Hills 1, the total number of cases is
This will encourage private enterprises to expand their research into new industries, she said.
The Prime Minister once again congratulated all the scientists, technicians, engineers and all the members involved in the Chandrayaan 3 Mission.
The purpose of the visit to the District Jail Shillong was to understand the condition of the prisoners.
Nongstoin, July 02 : On 31st June 2023, police received a complaint from a woman resident of Umsaw-Myriaw Syiemship, West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Naitung 01: Teachers who have come to Shillong for four days to demand the government to increase the salaries of teachers in Adhoc Schools.
This will be done in collaboration with the MGNREGA scheme from the Fisheries Department of the State Government and Basin Development to build fish ponds. for the financial year 2018-2
HANM urges the KHADC and the EM in charge of Elaka Affairs to take action to bring about this issue. There is no peace in these villages.
U Bah PT Sawkmie admitted that he has more than 30 years in politics to serve the people and if he is elected as MP, he will open up more opportunities to serve Meghalaya as a whole.
The swearing-in ceremony started from 1-Nartiang (ST) Constituency by Bah Sngiawbhlang Dhar and continued to 60-Baghmara (ST) Constituency. and Samuel M Sangma.
BSF troops on receiving a tip that some people have smuggled muid from Meghalaya to Bangladesh, BSF troops on the border in West Jaintia Hills District have conducted a search operation. bat 93 times muid.
Shillong, March 24: As part of the campaign to encourage the youth of the state to showcase their talents in various sports events.
The Government of Meghalaya has awarded special lease to M/S JUD CEMENT LTD and Lafarge Umiam Mining Pvt.
Shillong, March 10: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James K Sangma today launched the State Mental Health and Social Care Policy. The purpose of this is to provide treatment to those who suffer from headaches.
A.Robert Gerard Ravi, DDG (Compliance), DoT, AP LSA, Vijaywada said that all mobile network companies ensure that the radiation emissions from mobile towers are within the guidelines laid down by the DoT. The proof of this is what they have to submit to the DoTs, field units when they open them, when there are changes and also every two or three years.
The Central Puja Committee has also issued a public notice to the elderly and children under the age of 12 years to refrain from visiting the Wahumkhrah Puja Puja in Polo.
Inside the House, Conrad said the worst affected areas are Tikrikilla, Chibinang, Phulbari, Rajabala and other places.
“This scheme targets only those prisoners who come from poor families, who are still in custody and who do not have the money to apply for bail so that they can escape from custody or fight cases. ," he said.
"You have to remember, when there is effort, there is progress," Modi added.
She said that research and education is indigenous to India and it is necessary to strengthen it so that India can become a leader in research and innovation in this era.
This group of teachers under MSSASA includes four teachers and teachers who have not yet received their results who have been specially trained under NIOS as sent by the government. The President of MSSASA, Bah Rymbai, speaking to reporters after their meeting, said: He said that if the government cannot implement their demands in these days, the union has decided to hold a strike by not going to school from tomorrow.
The Assembly today 19.12.2019 should have strongly criticized the BJP Government for suddenly withdrawing the Garo Hills, Khasi and Jaintia Hills, at a time when the entire state of Meghalaya is in turmoil. The House should have demanded that the MDA Government should leave the NDA yesterday.
Thenzawlka is located in Serchhip district, in the middle of Mizoram, about 112 km from Aizawl.
At the same time, the authorities to implement the MHIS scheme have also faced difficulties in terms of the cost of treatment by the patients and at the same time the inability of the hospitals to provide The number of diseases that are eligible for this assistance through this scheme and also the patients do not issue cards at the time of treatment.
Pangniang said that according to the MMDR Act, Conservation of Forest Act 1980, which means that the state government no longer has the authority to make laws on land, forests and forests. according to your custom.
The FCI has already informed the government that it has 1000 metric tonnes of rice which the government cannot send.
These smugglers, after they have done their job, run away and many times those who don't know anything get caught because in the emergency many times they are caught.
The four Indians were arrested from Golpara in Assam and two trucks carrying sugar were seized at Rongra. law.
These necessary food items were distributed to these families in the presence, short speech and prayer of the Chairman of Umchongpet Village, Bah GR Bareh. each of these families.
The purpose of this campaign is to ensure that the leaders for the five years elected by the people should have responsibility and be able to achieve the demands of the people.
Their jobs include electricians, IT repairs, plumbers, car manufacturers, mechanics, truck repair factories on the highways, paint shops and others. die tin sop house, dewbilat used in the construction of houses including the kit.
Others include KHADC CEM Titosstarwell Chyne from Sohra, Shella MLA Balajied Synrem, Olan Suin from Mawsynram, Pious Marwein from Ranikor and Nujorki Syngoh MLA from Ranikor.
The President of NEHUSU, Bah Rangdajied Marwein, said that the students' union has always discussed this issue with the management of the university but it has not come to fruition. the day of this protest.
At the same time, he said that the EC has taken action on what was expressed by the members in the House.
Shillong, June 01: The service of the GVK EMRI 108 in Meghalaya has not been completed since today.
The incident happened before the curfew called by the civil society.
The Chief Minister said that NTPC wants a commitment from MeECL that from the money it will receive from REC how much it will pay from the second installment to NTPC and the government is fighting as much as possible. and expects that soon all the problems regarding the lighting in the state will be resolved.
He said that the task is heavy and called on all to join hands without any discrimination for the sake of the country and the nation so that this task will achieve these rights of the nation.
Even in the current tournament, the Association has found it difficult to hold this badminton tournament due to the lack of adequate facilities.
Regarding the requirements for transportation, the offices of the Deputy Commissioners shall provide the requirements and for the meetings the Deputy Commissioners shall set up a track to call the meeting to discuss and this has to be discussed with those from Assam.
Shillong, July 07: Two more persons have tested positive for COVID-19, one from Tamil Nadu and one from Maharashtra, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma today announced.
Prime Minister Duh spoke about his visit to Australia in 2023 and his meeting with Prime Minister Albanese at the G20 Summit held last November in Delhi.
A strong screening system was implemented as soon as people entered the state and after that RT-PCR (Reverse Transcription Polymerase Chain Reaction) was done while they were under institutional quarantine.
According to the figures received from the office, 141 students have gone to study with the support of SPVS since 2020-2 after.
The Sports School is another achievement of the school and will promote the goal of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi to make India strong in sports.
Speaking at the meeting, he said that during the visit of the HFU, the HFU found that in the name of the farmers, Agar trees were purchased at the price of 35 tyngka per tree to distribute to them. farmers, organic farming where assistance is provided to people who do not have land.
Jowai, Jymmang 15: The Dorbar Shnong Wapungskur has warned against the robbers who commit crimes by killing people and breaking bodies within its border. Wapungu School Village.
The union demands that the government should strengthen the police to patrol the border, not to deploy them on the highways just to wait for trucks, the government should set up its own Meghalaya Regiment to protect the border. The union demands that the government should bring back those arrested to the state within 24 hours.
When we turn to the youth of Meghalaya, we cannot sit idle without thinking for them.
This child, who came to surrender today, came to surrender only himself and did not bring any weapons.
Shillong, July 16: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Education Cell CEC today sent a letter to the management of schools, colleges and universities in Shillong. The writing of the Seng is on the basis of admissions for HSSLC and Degree courses.
Other dignitaries who will attend the opening ceremony are Arjun Ram Meghwal, Minister of State for Law and Justice, Independent Charge, Government of India and Dr. Reeta Vashisth, Member Secretary, Law Commission of India.
He said that the CM has also promised to look into their other demands and on the other hand these covid-19 workers have also promised to give time to the government as promised. .
According to the announcement, the new office of the party will be located at Lower Lumparing, PO Laban, Shillong.
The increase in the session from three days to four days was approved by the House.
The letter was also sent to many political leaders and government officials in Delhi.
This will put a serious threat to the people which could lead to community transmission.
He said that 60% of the villages in the state know that agriculture is necessary, so the cooperatives will be suitable to take over this milk production.
The union has seen that this issue is important for the patients because if they need blood, the patients have to go to Shillong which takes a lot of time and puts the life of the patient in danger. tmier and also to the Pisa pialn especially to the poor and those who come from the rural areas of our country.
80% of this will be crane, 10% will be fund and 10% will be spent by the state. This money will be used for the construction of roads, ropeways and roads. hang.
Pala said that here too the people on the border are not happy and they have met him and they want to appeal to the Supreme Court. .
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The General Secretary of the National League for Democracy (NLC) Sainkupar Nongtraw in a statement today alleged that the police have been involved in the bomb blast at a coke factory. in Shallang as reported in the media.
Shillong, Naitung 31: The National People's Party (NPP) on Tuesday said that the government of Dr Mukul Sangma has something to do with violating the rules and regulations in the state.
“Once the approval (from the DCs) is sent, the Government will spend the money immediately,” he said.
The Chief Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, recalled that according to the decision of the High Court of Meghalaya, Chief Justice Uma Nath Singh, Justice TNK Singh and Justice SR Sen, in Case No.WP(C) (SH) 127 of 2015 in the Registrar General High Court of Meghalaya against the State of Meghalaya, has ordered the media to refrain from publishing news. those calling for curfew, road blockade, any public meetings with the intention of disturbing the village called by illegal organizations or any group of organizations.
On the same day, the Vice President of KSU Delhi Unit learned that the children received food items and the next morning when the train stopped at Danapur Railway Station Bihar, there was a collision. The railway station was raided by the police and there was an attempt to force people into the train. This incident has shocked and shocked the girls and all the Meghalayans who were inside the train.
Answering additional questions, the Prime Minister said that there is no special assistance, one thing the government is doing is to give those who take over government land related to this matter. The Government has forgiven T.1.82 crore, as well as those who have taken over the land of the MTDC. The cost of all the shelters has reached T.20 crore and the government has paid more than T.40 crore and the remaining amount is T.8.9 crore.
The purpose of this visit should be to bring a sense of ownership and ownership among the women in relation to water related resources.
It is true that the MIDC is finding it difficult to collect the money from those borrowers because it belongs to the government and it cannot act like a non-governmental organization. the amount loaned to people is only about 70%.
Knowledge of the past strengthens nature.
Shillong, Naitung 31: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has alleged that Isawanda Laloo, DC of South West Khasi Hills District, is a member of the Atomic Minerals Directorate.
As the government has already taken a census of 342 households belonging to government employees, the government should evict them from the area and those who stay illegally should be evicted immediately as has been done with others. .
Those who did well in this training were Khanchui Jajo in Beginner Module, Intermediate Module by Surojit Medhi and Longmai Gashnga in Accounting and Tally.
Representatives from the SP of Civil Police and Infiltration Wing will also be members.
The Seng has recommended that any advertised jobs should be completed within 1 year from the date of vacancy announcement.
Speaking to media, HNYF East Khasi Hills President Bless Dkhar said, “If we celebrate the special day of Mahatma Gandhi, as a Hynniewtrep people, we need to celebrate the special day of Thomas Jones. .
Meanwhile, the Assam government has increasingly urged the Rilum states across the region not to own and forcibly occupy the land of the people around the border of the Khasi Jaintia region.
The Meghalaya Government has also named the villages within these areas which the State has claimed. The Meghalaya Government has also confirmed this claim with witnesses to prove the claims.
The rally today was to protest against the dumping of garbage in the area as it affects the health of the people around the villages in the area.
At the meeting, there were three suggestions regarding the directive of the Election Commission.
The Government will launch an online system for applying for medicines at District Hospitals, CHCs, PHCs and Sub Centres.
The Wah Umshing is one of the most important sources of drinking water for many villages in the Mawlai area.
Tynsong also denied that the Government will build a four lane road in Shillong.
Regarding those who have stayed in different places, Prestone said that they should not return home, they should stay at their place of residence and if there is any problem, they should inform him. Shillong, Iaiong03: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Prestone Tynsong today informed the public that the state has not yet reported any cases of COVID-1 in the state of Meghalaya.
The Government will also hold a special meeting for state owners who wish to set up factories.
The Deputy Commissioner replied that his department has already handed over to the CPWD department to do all the necessary work and so far he has not received any information on the reason for the delay. you have not done it until now.
There are 46 recoveries, 5 from East Jaintia Hills, 20 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from Ri Bhoi, 10 from South Garo Hills and 10 from West Garo Hills. .
The meeting also discussed the allocation of 10% special fund from the 15th Finance Commission for the Laitumkhrah and Polo Markets in Shillong.
To give special honor, the government should turn the place into a museum.
The aim of increasing voluntary blood donation is important to obtain healthy blood.
According to a complaint by several civil society groups from Garo Hills, this is due to the current job cuts which have affected the Khasi job seekers as the share of Khasi job seekers is no longer 40% but has increased to down more and more.
On this occasion, all the students who passed in the first grade in the matriculation examination from the schools established by the Khasi Seng in the Ri War Mihngi were also honoured.
In his letter, the Pastor said that although he has already seen the statement of the Prime Minister not to implement the ILP in the state, the Prime Minister's belief is that the Tenancy Act is not more but because I have not seen it, I cannot bury it.
Shillong, Naiweng 21: The Central Election Committee of KHNAM today announced the name of Bah Edarstar Lyngdoh Nongbri as the party's candidate for the 8-Nongkrem MDC constituency for the upcoming MDC bye election.
The name of Pa Togan is inscribed on a monument in Shillong, along with the names of Tirot Singh and Kiang Nangbah, the heroes of the Khasi and Jaintia regions.
The Seng urges the paradoh parasnam to walk and stand as usual and to earn independence on their own Lajong land.
According to Bajoria, the dam is old and made of wood and the damage has been severe.
At the time of laying the foundation stone, the people were happy that with the laying of the foundation stone, the work will start, but this hope of the people has not come true. These days, even after 15 years, the wild elephants have not destroyed this Mawnongrim.
The article, which reads “Meghalaya Hear Women Have Freedom, They Can Marry Many Men” and includes a picture of two women dancing in a rhyme, has raised the price of women, women and men. also our customs and traditions as Hynniewtrep.
Macmilan Kharshandy was killed in the shooting incident at Jatah village. The seriously injured are Teiborlang Kharbangar and Ricky Dkhar. Alfred Sohtun, Vishal Deb Merma, Bijay Singh, Rohit Suting, Banteilang Kharumnuid and Pappu Deka.
The Seng also found that there is often a shortage of funds inside the bank and this has caused the public to leave their homes empty-handed.
Referring to the turnout of voters in the state this time, the CEO also praised the constituencies in the city which did not come out to vote in the past but now The turnout has reached 65%.
However, the continued infiltration of foreigners is something they cannot accept at all and these people are looking for the path of conflict and want to They don't want to bring about trouble.
Shillong, Naitung 18: The presidential election in Meghalaya was held today at the Assembly Hall in Rilbong. Out of 60 MLAs, 56 and 4 MLAs turned out to vote. Three MLAs did not vote, while 3 MPs did not vote in Shillong.
It is to be recalled that the union has already spoken to the Deputy CM of the state in charge of the Home Ministry but it has not come to fruition.
He gave examples of the rapid development in various sectors such as the construction of toilets, electricity supply to the villages, gas connection, housing construction and others.
Therefore, the Seng encourages and motivates those who are still in the middle of their studies and urges them to work hard to reap the fruits of success in their lives and studies.
Shillong, July 28: The Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya, Bah Fredric R Kharkongor today said that the total amount of money seized since the announcement of the elections has reached T.51,55,9 - amount.
Regarding the shortage of funds such as non-performance, the government should eliminate this section, regarding the receipt of pension for government employees, it should combine the salary. bad you don't eat tynmen.
After 67 years of independence, the fisheries industry, which is a special part of the food supply and income generation, has become like a ship without a shipwreck at sea.
After returning to Shillong, they met with the Chief Secretary of the State Government, Bah Donald Wahlang in the presence of the Commissioner and Secretary of the State Government, Dr Vijay Kumar D. Many topics were discussed and how to get cooperation in sports activities.
In a letter to the Chief Secretary, she said that the Congress party wants to get an estimate from the government how many workers who are abroad want to return to their villages.
Shillong, Naitung 28: The Myanmar Youth Tourism Development Society (MYTDS) will hold the Miss Meghalaya and Miss Teen Meghalaya 2023 pageant on 12th July 2023 at the Youth Hostel Shillong.
According to the boat owners from Iooksi village who earn their living from the boat industry, they said that the flooding of the river happened on Saturday night at around midnight.
At this public meeting, it was decided that the government should issue a written statement within two months to ensure that it will not purchase the area for the construction of New Shillong.
Mayank Vaid said besides providing an opportunity to demonstrate the strength of the Indian Army, the exercise will also bring about closer ties between the Indian and Malaysian Armies.
Speaking in the House, the Governor said that the sessions of the KHADC and JHADC have been postponed for another six months. because of the restructuring of the Constituencies.
He said that in Meghalaya, those who have left the Congress will lose all including Laitumkhrah and Mylliem constituencies.
Therefore, the villagers are the guardians of the happiness, the male dancers, the jainboh, the jainphong, the jainspong, the thuia and the shymphiah which they hold in their hands, the sign of the main long rangbah, the villagers and the happy caretakers, their own household. the family, the clan, the tribe, the kingdom, the village.
The purpose of this meeting with the Khasi pharmacists today was to explain that the pharmacy should keep pace with the modern technology with the help of science and at the same time the manufacture of pharmaceuticals. the herbs shall be clean.
Janis Ann Dkhar, Angelista Syiemlieh, Daphilakmen Lyngdoh, Nongneng Shanpru, Bakhamkorshisha Nongsiej and Samla Richard Sanglyne under the supervision of Aibakor Kharbuli started the work in the village. from 18th October 2022 and ended on 28th June
“I have called this meeting with these three Divisions together with the Finance, Forest Department and we have discussed these issues with the Deputy Commissioner where we have sought ways and means how to improve them. roads and also to build more roads to immediately reduce traffic jam,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
After investigation, Emlang Dkhar was charged on 17th June, 2015, said the Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills, Giri Prasad M. in a statement sent to the media.
Samples of the capsule were also taken from other medicines and found that they were not damaged or contained any preservatives or any other items inside the capsules.
Shillong, July 02: The Jaintia Hills Bar Association (JHADC) has written to the Secretary of the JHADC to request the office to provide parking space to the officers within the office.
On this occasion, the Nichi community accompanied by the Minister to perform a shad lehniam after the harvest of rice in which the people who came to take part in the celebration of the 123rd Anniversary of the Seng Kut Snem They have witnessed this joy.
Shillong, Nailur 02: Leaders of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills District today met with the Superintendent of Police (SSP) and demanded that the security should be strengthened in the area. the gates.
Shillong, March 29: The Department of Bioresources and Sustainable Development (DBT-IBSD), Shillong, Meghalaya today distributed antibiotics and masks to the victims of the COVID-19 pandemic. St.Gabriel Higher Secondary School 3Miles Upper Shillong.
The BJP-led MDA government has surrendered to the BJP government in Assam. The party sees that this government will delay and wants the people of the state to forget about this incident. .
In his speech, Dr. Aman War said that his entry into politics shows that he has a sense of responsibility even though he is 58 years old but he still feels like 27 or 28 years old and he wants to to bring about adequate and efficient governance.
It was found that the current method of working and mining and the transportation of this product after mining has to go through many rules and regulations which have been introduced and implemented by the State Government from time to time. It has brought many problems and suffering especially to those who work in these border areas and those who do not have education.
It is here that it can affect the prestige/credibility of MBoSE in front of India as a whole.
Synshar Kupar Roy Lyngdoh Thabah of the UDP received 16,679 votes, Samlin Malngiang of the NPP received 13,257 votes, S Osborne Kharjana of the INC received 1,762 votes, Stodingstar Thabah of the AITC received 89 votes. Seraph Eric Kharbuki of BJP received 40 votes and NOTA received 272 votes.
Rapit Test Kits were used in the testing of residents on the border with Bangladesh and started from Ryngkut village under Mawsynram Block and all of them tested negative.
He said that the attendance of thousands of students on this day shows that we have the same voice as a nation not only the parents but the youth of the nation understand that this issue is I am confident that this will encourage Bah Ardent to continue in this work and to get his rights according to the path that the Hynniewtrep people deserve. Get.
The women of the village have launched a shrip to arrest the drug traffickers.
At this meeting, the SSMP urged the government to proceed with this project before October 2022 if only the land can be obtained. The government as it is has taken action.
In a statement sent to the media on Saturday signed by the Chairman K. Namgadai and General Secretary Dr Gaithoiliu Phaomei, Rongmei Phwam, Shillong, said that the incident occurred at the Rongmei Phwam. The incident happened on the 15th of this month at 6 pm when a robber entered the house while the girl was alone and assaulted her with the intention of raping her. try also to take away my life.
Shillong, November 20: Leaders of the Mawshynrut Block Congress Committee, led by Bah Rowell Lyngdoh, Deputy CM, have met with Dr. Mukul Sangma. , Chief Minister of the State on
The KSU is pleased to abolish this practice as it affects not only the job seekers but also the working methods of the State Government.
Chyne said that the KHADC does not discriminate against anyone when they come to apply for Trading License according to the rules of the law, nor does it discriminate against anyone when they come to renew. They also do what is in accordance with the rules of law, without discrimination and as of now, the number of Trading Licenses issued by the KHADC is more than 4000 or less.
Taison D Shira accused the government authorities of not paying attention to this victory in the environment.
The union urged the school authorities that this problem should not be faced by the students in the coming days.
Regarding the salary of the SSA teachers in 2016, they have not received their salary for five months but now they are asking first to know the truth. In terms of crime, the government has done many things to punish those who have committed crimes.
We wish you all a Happy New Year 2020 in Ri Khasi and Meghalaya.
In his speech, the Union Minister of State for Child Development, Dr Jitendra said that the North East of India has a rich natural resources especially in terms of customs and traditions. the people of the North East of India.
As the union, we strongly condemn the change of mind and the unfounded behavior of the head of KHADC who has changed his mind within one day of the decision not to issue NOC for this road.
This action of the BJP-led Assam government shows clearly its indifference to the Christians in the state and this is a warning to all Christians. Regarding the statement of the Chief Minister of Assam that he doesn't know anything, this is just a myth. The SB Police Department should send such a request to the DCs and SPs of the state.
In 2012, which is the last year of the fifth Assembly, the Budget Session lasted 11 days, the Synrai Session lasted 3 days and the Tlang Session lasted 3 days.
According to a statement sent by the BSF, the three men were riding on two motorcycles and were arrested by the BSF, who were trying to go to the border near Ranikor.
Replying to the statement of Amapreen Lyngdoh, the Congress leader said it is sad because she left the party Congress in 2008 to join the UDP and after that she left the party Congress. I'm going to the party congress.
The Young Minds Association has paid tribute to Dr. DD Lapang, former Chief Minister of Ribhoi and a prominent leader in Ribhoi. College in Nongpoh.
At this meeting of the NPP party today, they discussed the upcoming parliamentary elections and how the party will act for the upcoming MP elections. now.
During the meeting, they discussed how to improve the quality of education at the college.
Father Sylvanus Sngi Lyngdoh was born in 1921 in Ri Bhoi District and after his studies he joined the Silesian Catholic Church. year 1958.
During the meeting, the Chief Minister of Assam spoke on the insurgency, kidnapping and looting committed by criminals in South Salmara and Manchachar districts in the state. Assam borders with Garo Hills District of Meghalaya.
Shillong, July 30: U Bah Neil Antonio War today raised the issue of Trading License in the Legislative Assembly.
In this regard, the KHADC will have to look into it. It is clear that if it is for the sake of the army, they will not give it.
India is also accelerating its transition to a gas-based economy by increasing the share of gas from 6.3% currently to 15% before 2030.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Paul Pakyntien, President of the 20 Village Association, said that the association has taken this opportunity to blockade the office of MeECL at Leishka. MeECL authorities have not fulfilled their promises to employ casual laborers at the office which has about 20 employees and its inability to pay the compensation to the land owners has increased. year.
The awarding of certificates to 24 Khasi traditional medicine practitioners recognized by the Council is in accordance with the KHADC Act
Indian airlines have requested more than 1,000 new aircraft.
Shillong, November 19: The KSU has held a meeting with the people of Mukroh village regarding the incident which happened on 22/Naiwieng/2022 in which four brothers and sisters were killed. in the bullets of the Assam police.
This is after the Governor of Meghalaya has recognized Bah Latiplang as the new CEM.
At this conference, it was decided to oppose the CAB, to oppose all the policies of the Government of India which affect the land tenure, special rights, customs and traditions of the indigenous people. The union will support all the political parties in the region who are demanding the ILP System, NRC and other laws to prevent the illegal entry of foreign authorities into the state.
Kur leaders are invited to attend.
Senior DECs, DECs, DGs and other senior officers of the Commission participated in the conference.
Osliwel Lyngdoh Nonglait, who will contest from the INC, is from Laban Constituency.
When asked about the companies that have installed light bills, the Minister said that the companies that have installed light bills are Sai Prakash T.35 crore, CMJ Breweries T.1.2 crore, Bomber Cement T. .0.23 crore, RNB Carbide T.4.5 crore, MCCL T.18 crore and JDU Cement T.0.22 crore.
Rev. Richard Majaw, Rev. Pious Shadap and Rev. Julius Kurbah were also present on the occasion.
The Chairman, NSC, stressed the need to open up more access and use of data and said that the steps taken by the Ministry to use Information Technology to produce data should be taken. continue.
They are from Assam and received the awards at the Civil Investment Ceremony held in New Delhi today.
The people of Mawlai will hold a public meeting on the 15th of this month to decide whether they agree or not to take part in this election.
At the same time, it will facilitate the opening of new bank accounts.
"i expect the opposition to do this," he added.
WATER TAPS 3.
A total of 40 countries will take part in the competition.
On the other hand, the RPF has strengthened security measures at the railway stations to ensure that passengers do not have any problems in their travel by train.
There are many Indian films at the 77th Cannes Film Festival.
The MeECL employees who have joined the strike are only from East Khasi Hills.
Although they had not yet received the money, this promise satisfied them.
According to the house of the Rangah Shnong of Dawki, the house belonging to Rihun Sumer at Iew Bakur, which was damaged in the blast, belonged to Rihun Sumer at Iew Bakur. but the house was burned with fire.
On the other hand, the JSU urges the PWD Department to take action.
Out of the 40 members, 4 members shall be appointed and the other 36 members shall be elected by election.
The union demands that the government should pay the expenses of the family who could not take Kong Balari to Nazareth Hospital because it put the mother and child at risk. No Ganesh from the hospital.
Jowai, Nailur 16: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Laskein Circle today met with the Minister of State for Home Affairs (KSU) Laskein Circle. Laskein CRD Block should be upgraded to Civil Sub Division.
Shillong, Nailur 27: The Hynniewtrep People's Social Organization (HPSO) West Khasi Hills District, one of the organizations in the region and in the country, is deeply saddened by the strengthening of the protests. crimes within the state as a whole.
She said that police have found evidence from the mobile phone of the arrested HNLC member Bah Sorgy Lyngdoh that he is involved in extorting money from many people.
SHILLONG, Naitung 27: With the aim of promoting golf in the North East, the Assam Army today held an Amateurs Open Golf Tournament at the venue. ready to be rebuilt.
For the first time, this year, with the blessings of the Kur Tham, a group calling themselves “Ki Mawshamok” has had the opportunity to light a fire as a sign of celebration. For example, the Governor wrote a short poem called “Na Shata Dar”.
The ceremony was conducted by Dr KK Jhunjhunwala, owner of Eastern Panorama Magazine. Other speakers on the occasion were Bah MM Thaiang, Editor of the newspaper, Starfing Pdahkasiej, owner and Editor of SP News Agency, Bah John Thabah, Editor of Highland Post, Bah RM Shabong Trai and Editor of Rupang News Agency, Bah SS Syiem Executive Editor of Peitngor and Bah DL Siangshai delivered the welcome speech. Editor of the Mapphor.
He said the talks with the Prime Minister, Conrad Sangma have shown that there are people working for banks and that there will be steps to open more branches of banks to provide services in the area. .
Speaking to reporters, he said that the housing scheme will be implemented in all the areas under the jurisdiction of the District Council, except for government areas known as European Wards.
Shillong, July 17: U Bah Adelbert Nongrum MLA of 17-North Shillong today launched a five-day sit-in at Malki to protest against the lack of response of the Prime Minister. The state has filed a petition on the 12th of this month at its residence.
Shillong, Nailar 04: Thousands of trees have been cut down by Assam in Garojan village under Nonglang Hima. Most of the trees belong to Sansila Sangma.
The perpetrators should be severely punished.
Congress candidate Dr Mukul Sangma congratulated Agatha on her victory in the MP election and accepted the decision of the people.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Bah PS Dkhar today inaugurated the Mobile Refraction Van Project of Bansara Eye Care Hospital in Laitumkhrah in collaboration with Bansara and Vision For Life-Essilor.
Shillong, November 05: Shillong Police today arrested Bah Andy Sawian for shooting and assaulting another Police Constable identified as Bah E Sohshang at the Fire Bridge. three days of this month.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: The mid-term elections in the Langrin MDC Constituency are scheduled to be held, but it is up to the government to announce them.
Rajnikant Mishra, IPS, DG BSF and L Mohanti, IPS, IG BSF Meghalaya Frontier extended their special greetings to all the BSF personnel on the occasion of the 54th Anniversary of the BSF. since its inception.
Shillong, Naitung 14: U Bah Heading Son Myrthong, President of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, on Tuesday said that the allegation against Himalaya Shangpliang, IAS, Secretary, Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and CEO of MHIS, III attended the meeting on the invitation of the party to explain to the public the scheme which the government is implementing for the people of the state.
He also encouraged all the soldiers and officers to take part in any sports where they have talent.
At the same time, the Seng would like to urge the District and Government authorities to conduct more awareness programs or public awareness campaigns on the COVID-19 pandemic in order to reduce the incidence of positive cases by ensure that the public can follow the safety measures and also to cooperate and join hands in the prevention of this disease.
Shillong, Naiwieng 05: The BSF Senior Secondary School, Umpling today concluded its month of observation with a meeting held at the BSF Senior Secondary School, Umpling, Shillong. school.
S.Pakyntein as Secretary Agriculture, Bah Mewan P Priat, Head of the Village Finance Plan, Bah Kupar Blah for Block 1, Bah Hercules Matlai for Block II, Bah Damangkynsai. Other members of the Dorbar Shnong are RBlah, Paila Khongmen, Teilang Nongkhlaw, Lenmio Bareh, Teilang Shullai, Synrangmaw Kharsyntiew and Moses. Thank you, Anthony Lyngdoh, Avanylla M. Massar, Carolyne Khriem, Wankyntu Pyrbot, Wanisaka Dkhar, Rossana Janong and Amelia Rymbai.
Besides that Meghalaya has already reached the bottom in terms of literacy in India, it will continue to fall even further than Bihar which is the bottom state.
Police are conducting investigation to find out the cause of the fire.
CBIC has overcome these challenges by installing VSAT in many places.
Secretary of PDF Mawkynrew Constituency, Bah Tyngkai Mynsong, Adviser PDF Mawkynrew Constituency, who urged the people of Mawkathein to join hands with Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh in the election. The MLA election will be held soon in June to bring about changes to achieve many of the aspirations of the people.
In the old salary the monthly expenditure is Rs 1.80 crore.
The Prime Minister congratulated the Prime Minister for the goal of Viksit Bharat before 2047 and added, “No country, no state or no group can move forward without a goal.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 28: The Rangbah Shnongs of Umtrew River Protection Committee (UPCPC) have vowed to shut down the poultry farming company in Ri-Bhoi for dumping garbage into the water tank. The company has been found guilty of violating the law by admitting that it has bought the land without the permission of the Single Window Agency of the State Government.
The party also congratulates the people who have supported the party in this demand of the area.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today asked the Home Minister of India to bring back the students of Meghalaya from Ukraine.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, he said that the union has lodged a complaint with the Director of Health Services (DHS) to dismiss these employees. Sutong said that the allegation that the appointment process is illegal because they have not followed the rules and regulations and they have not passed the District Selection examinations. It is not known whether the committee was made up of officers or whether it was made with the knowledge of the officers.
The Link for the meeting will be provided to all participants in due course.
At the function held at the Riti Academy, one of the Chief Ministers, UKN Kumar, Additional Chief Secretary, who was the chief guest, recalled the incident. by himself to make a way to rescue those who fell into that disaster, until nothing could be done because the weight of the tree was too heavy.
The PDF leader said that Dr Roy should think when he says anything, whether Bah Pynshngianlang Syiem is the president of the PDF, when he is not only a member of the PDF. I don't know, it's a shame.
The counting of votes for the election of the new MLA will be held on the 21st of this month.
Kwel Hinge, 21, and Manbha Sana, 23, were injured when two trucks collided at Umeit, Ri Bhoi District at 7.00 pm this morning. Shillong Hospital by 108 Ambulance.
As a sign of protest against the action of the National Green Tribunal, all the people who came to take part in the march carried placards with the slogans written to express their opposition to the National Green Tribunal. their.
Through this assistance they have received from the MLA has been a blessing for those who urgently need these tins.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The National People's Party (NPP) today announced that Dr WR Kharlukhi will be the candidate for the Rajya Sabha MP elections to be held on 26th October
Education Secretary CEC), +91 93620 72048 (Shelkitbok Kharbani Ast.
In 2021, the Assam government has opened a Police Out Post at Saba.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Mayralborn MLA said that the meeting with the Prime Minister was on the demand of the people to repair the Nongpoh-Umden-Sonapur road.
The Chief Minister of Assam, Dr. Himanta Biswa Sarma and senior officials of the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Central and Assam Governments attended the signing ceremony. Today is a special day for Assam when peace will prevail in the North East and in Assam, which has suffered bloodshed for a long time.
Shillong, March 04: The Forum of Councils under the Sixth Schedule (FOCSS) today under the banner of the Forum of Councils under the Sixth Schedule (FOCSS) which includes all the 40 Autonomous Councils in the North Eastern Region of India. The meeting was held in Shillong to discuss how to talk to the Central Government for the Councils with one voice to the Central Government.
The allegation that Bah S Nongrum has been removed from Rajabala is very difficult and if it happens it will affect the party as a whole.
If the Congress Government in Meghalaya is concerned about the illegal entry of Mynder, if the BJP Government wants to repatriate the Rohingya Refugees, they should also repatriate these Hindu refugees from Meghalaya and other North Eastern states immediately.
The deceased was identified as Lakhona Suchiang, 22, of Mowkaiaw West Jaintia Hills, son of Bah Karbar Tyngkan. 5965.
Shillong, Nailur 09: Answering a question by Bah Mayralborn Syiem regarding the salary of ASHA workers, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, said: The government has released T.25.36 crore through the District Health Medical Officers.
Shillong, Naitung 11: U Dr Donkupar Roy, Leader of the Opposition in the State Legislative Assembly, today launched a book entitled “Ultimate Guide” written by Bah Moonlight Tymthai.
Police of Saitsama Police Out Post have rushed to Lapangap village, which is on the border with Assam to conduct investigation after receiving a tip that Assam Police have set up a camp on the border of the village. Lapangap had to flee after being attacked by the Karbi people on Saturday last month.
“Some of those who have worked under the Soil & Conservation Department of the Government of Meghalaya are now members of our group.
He has traveled to Andhra Pradesh, Odisha and West Bengal and has also traveled abroad.
The Chief Operating Officer of MSRLS, Shillong, Bah Ronald Kynta, employees of various government departments, village leaders of the area and members of various Village Organizations (VOs) and SHGs in the area. in Mairang Block.
On the allegation that there are those who have power in this government, this is a false allegation, because the Chief Minister does not challenge this which has not been done by the ministers, it is up to the ministers individually. the way this works is important.
Jowai, July 17: Hundreds of students from Jaintia Hills who have completed Matriculation and Class XII who wish to continue their studies have been refused admission at Kiang Nangbah Government College.
Tura is important for Purno at this time as he has been the leader of this constituency since 1977 and it is only in these seven and a half years that he has returned to state politics.
This collection of songs was launched by P. Laloo, District Librarian, Jowai.
The Government's share for the year has been released in two installments according to the recommendations of the Finance Commission.
We will not rest on our laurels and we will continue to make Meghalaya a water-rich state in the coming days.
India's strong startup businesses are a sign of the country's digital assets that have equipped local entrepreneurs to innovate and replace old business models.
Shillong, July 30: The Meghalaya State Branch of the Youth Hostel Association of India (YHAI) together with the Dorbar Shnong Umpling on Saturday held a cleanliness program on the village road from Mawarling Football Ground, Umpling to Itshyrwat. More than 1000 people including the residents of Umpling village and students from Hubert Memorial HS School, St. Rose SS School and Rosebud SS School took part in the programme. Umpling.
You must also have a Mobile App.
One government is the same, one government is the same.
The child has been handed over to Lawei Baphyrnai Specialized Adoption Agency, Shillong for care.
“Or, to avoid discrimination among the minorities living in the state, 80% can be allocated to all three ethnic groups (Khasi, Jaintia & Garo), on the basis of merit.
The houses have been covered with pum pum, the school children who have passed through this road to write exams, cannot be explained.
At the same time, he said that as new MDCs, they need the guidance of the older ones.
In honor of this man who has been able to establish his own business, who has been one of the employers, he has received an award of 100 tyngka and a memorial in honor of him. the presence of the family members of Bah Dkhar.
Former Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Bah Charles Pyngrope, has requested the Right to Information (RTI) on the expenditure of public money by EK Wahlang of Puriang village. The construction and maintenance of the Legislative Assembly buildings in Khyndailad and Rilbong from 2009 to 2012 has cost billions of rupees.
KHNAM is surprised that the UDP, HSPDP and Congress have joined in the NPP's arrangement. , “If it is not a retrospective, how will the MPSC be held in March
He worked hard to dress up the appearance and character with his own skills.
Any political party registered as a political party whether National Party, Regional or State Party shall be covered by this Act and political parties shall be subject to the following areas: the party as a whole, the income of the political party and the cost of running the party.
Because it is on this monument that their names are placed and on this monument the life of the nation.
Greetings to everyone.
Roykupar Synrem, President of the union, said that if the people of the state do not pay their electricity bill, MeECL will cut off their electricity bill because there is a shortage of electricity.
Tura, Iaiong 28: Due to the lack of electricity, the PHE department of the government which supplies water to Tura town has not been able to supply water. 6 lakh gallons per day.
The Minister said that the monthly revenue of MeECL is T.75 crore while the expenditure is T.120 crore. T.40 crore per month and T.36 crore per month.
Furthermore, the Seng calls upon the people of the village to look after each other and help each other if any family is in trouble especially the poor families. In such a time but through unity we hope that the best will follow us”.
The support to the government is only in some areas related to the employment of the people of the state such as the Inner Line Permit and the support is on employment issues if there are issues that will be addressed. against they have to resist.
They (Government) have issued (laws) now, and they will say take away (to use) the books.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: The Hynniewtrep Central Executive Committee (HYC) through its Education Cell, in this statement, strongly condemns all those involved in the recruitment of teachers in LP Schools in the State. year 2010.
Speaking to reporters, Roykupar Synrem said that the party has received a complaint before the Secretary of the Meghalaya Lokayukta demanding that an inquiry should be conducted into the tender. The purchase of tins of household items according to the notice inviting tender worth up to Rs 20 crore.
As we have seen in the media that the union claims that this Division is only in charge of Laskein Block, is it just because it is in charge of only the areas under Laskein Block? The office has been relocated and the subdivision of this department has been completed. Whether the PWD South Division will also have to be relocated to Amlarem as it looks after the land in this area.
The Chief Minister expressed his gratitude to all the political parties at that time who worked hard to create a complete state such as the Khasi National Dorbar, the Federation of Khasi State, East India Tribal Union, Garo National Conference, Khasi Jaintia Federated State, Hills State People Democratic Party and All Party Hills Leaders Conference.
The Commission also urged all those who wish to provide information/documentation to do whatever is necessary so that the hearing can be thorough.
Hussain won the bronze medal for Assam in the mid-amateur category, while Meghalaya won the silver medal through Dr. Singh and Gaurav Bajaj.
On this occasion, the Volunteers of the Shnong expressed their gratitude and congratulations to the organization for being ready to provide assistance in times of need and also blessed the members of the organization to continue to be healthy. strong and able to work for the good of their fellow countrymen and the nation as a whole.
“Let us say no to drugs, let us avoid evil deeds and do good deeds because at first it makes us happy but later it brings only trouble,” said Bah Syiem.
States which are different in size and in different sectors of the economy with their revenue collection systems, have had to be brought together under the GST. interstate technological approach to revenue collection.
The Minister said that every government should work hard for the improvement of the lives of people in rural areas, ST, SC and people with disabilities, and every state. It is not necessary to develop schemes that do not have new methods for people with disabilities.
This decision came after the state government did not get the number of police officers as requested.
The winners of the competition were Mr. Shainborki Lyngdoh (Kymprup Sec. School), Miss Skhembokki Shadap (Jongkasaro UP School), Mr. Fortasus Laban (St Joseph UP School SSA, Thangthring).
These students left their school in Jaiaw and walked along the road from Jaiaw to Mawkhar and reached Motphran. not paid.
This was announced by the Minister in charge of Education, Rakham Sangma, while speaking to reporters, saying that the College still has a few tasks to complete. the College will start operating.
The scholar explained that the Khasi people do not need other ethnic groups, but we are one ethnic group.
The NITI Forum for North East was established in June 2018 with the aim of ensuring sustainable economic development in the North East and timely discussions. the time on the growth of the economy in the northeast.
Besides, the party also honored Niawki Iakai and Banteilang Jyrwa who have brought fame to the nation by brightness and equality in the sports they have led.
The Congress Party has expressed its regret to see that at such a time when China is trying to destroy the border of the country, the present government has brought such a move. scheme which has not yet been adopted.
The police chief said there is evidence that the former HNLC leader was involved in the bomb blast.
When contacted by SP News Agency, one of the newly elected Congress MDCs in JHADC said that they have not yet decided on their leader and they will sit down. the day to make a decision.
The Indian Presidency noted that the tax authorities of developing countries are critical to the success of any international tax reform – the achievement of economic growth and the promotion of resource utilization goals are the benefits that come from this.
She said that the number of water supply systems in rural areas has increased from 16.64% in 2019 to 62.84% in 41 months, showing an annual increase of 13.5% compared to only 0.23% per annum. year.
He urged the Human Rights Committee of the Central and State Governments to take the complaint without waiting until there is a complaint.
The Minister said that he did not have the opportunity to talk to the players, but he had the opportunity to talk to some of them who expressed their gratitude for what has been done to address the shortcomings they have faced. Therefore, I would like to learn from this incident to improve.
“The victim has only reported the incident and in what form they (the police) have turned it into a complaint,” said the KSU leader. “The Sections that the Police have filed are incompatible because between the minor incidents of the two cases, up to seven Sections have been filed and the Section is surprising. it is Sections 307 and
The Mawlai Town Dorbar Committee will hold a meeting on the 15th of this month to discuss the issue.
In 2017, she was selected as the best player for Meghalaya.
For now, they will be here while the talks are going on, those who are going will go and those who are coming will come here.
Before the confirmation of the coronavirus case in the country, India had already started screening people entering India through airports from countries affected by the disease.
Shillong, Naiwieng 03: The President of the Meghalaya Mine Owners and Exporters Association (MMOEA) on Tuesday said that the Congress government in Meghalaya instead of formulating a policy for land owners to The Meghalaya Minerals Development Corporation (MMDC) has decided to take over the land to hand over to the Meghalaya Minerals Development Corporation (MMDC).
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The funeral service of Bah Stanlington David Khongwir will be held on Thursday.
Heavy rainfall with thunderstorms and wind speed between 30 to 40 km per hour will be expected in the state. Meghalaya.
The people carrying these items fled the scene by breaking the items they were carrying and the items were seized and handed over to the customs at Pynursla. .
The demands put forward by NESO to the Minister of Home Affairs of the Union Government are the policy on education.
The EC of the Congress wants to pass the bill because it has nothing to do with it, said Bikdot.
In this incident ha Tuka, the BSF did not arrest the perpetrators because the area is a forest and there is no road to drive out of the area. The people who tried to smuggle these cows managed to escape.
Regarding the desire of Assam to build a dam in Wah Khri, by offering money to the villagers of 33 villages on the border with Assam, it is a sign of the danger of these areas. They may be disappointed if the KHADC does not take immediate action against this incident.
Sony Tariang, Organizing Secretary, HYC Mawlai Nongkwar Unit.
Dr Kyntiewlang Sanmiet said that the cleanliness was conducted in accordance with the guidelines laid down by the National Center for Disease Control (NCDC). Through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Union Government, after the cleaning, the distribution of medicines will be carried out according to the rules.
The explanation from the department confirmed that there is no such thing as a chicken disease.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Chairman of the Coordination Committee of the United Democratic Party (UDP) and the People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) Dr Donkupar Roy on Tuesday said, “We have not yet recognized the People Democratic Front (PDF). the Congress”.
Police suspect that the incident was committed by Bah Arbit Kurbah who surrendered to the police.
In the Under 17 category, Government Boys Higher Secondary School beat Marian Hills Higher Secondary School 3-0 Hownidamoni Dkhar scored the first goal of the match.
The funeral service will be held on the 27/3/17 at 2 pm at the Mawpran Presbyterian Church, according to a statement sent by Bah L Warjri.
John F Kharshiing, Chairman, SPIKAP, said that the time has come for all these knowledges to be put together in a detailed writing of our work. for the next generation.
The NHAI has used the media to speed up the work of the roads due to the heavy rainfall today. especially in the Umkiang and Lumshong areas.
In this beauty contest, they are like a showcase of their talents, a showcase of how to stop the violence against women.
At the same time, the union also said that it is necessary to improve or repair the bridge in this river which has been damaged since last months due to the floods.
The venue will be held at Hotel Center Point, Gosasit Premier Edu, Upland Opp, Laitumkhurah, Shillong.
The Agriculture Departments have expressed the need to set up agriculture shops to sell seeds as part of opening up opportunities for the people to get more of these seeds.
Answering a question by Jambor War on the outstanding Bills for the year 2019 to 2023, Pynshngain N Syiem said in the House. that they are still all kid on 8 pieces.
“If the State Government does not do anything about these two roads, the Union will take another strong decision to warn the State Government and if any unpleasant incident occurs, The State Government will have to take responsibility,” said the Union.
On the other hand, KHNAM said that the reply to the RTI request was not as clear as requested by the party.
New employees also have the opportunity to train themselves through KarmayogiPrarambh, an online module on the iGOTKarmayogi platform, which provides more than 880 e-learning opportunities on “any electrical device from anywhere.
various schemes of the Ministry of MSME, Government of India to encourage the unemployed youth to stand on their own feet as well as to promote the role of MSME in the region.
At the time of writing, when contacted by the police, they have not given any explanation regarding the death of Bah Thangkhiew.
The KSU said that the demand to upgrade Mawsynram Block to a Civil Division has been a long standing demand of the people but unfortunately it has not been fulfilled yet. lasted almost 20 years.
Invest India, in collaboration with the Ministry of Agriculture, Government of Meghalaya, has conducted the ODOP Sampark program in Shillong.
The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, RM Kurbah, while talking to SP News Agency, said that the opening of the Umling entry and exit point will continue at the church. Prestone Tynsong's state.
Police have arrested him.
Shillong, July 17: The Meghalaya Youth Pradesh Committee (MYPC) today held a candlelight vigil at Tura, West Garo Hills District to honor the soldiers who gave their lives to defend the country.
Shillong, Naitung 13: The Governor of Meghalaya has scheduled to hold the election for the post of Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today at 11.00 am. Chairman of the Board, Telinia Thangkhiew.
The primary objectives of the schemes are to alleviate poverty and create employment by setting up small scale industries and trade.
The Leader of the Opposition Dr Donkupar Roy said that they have sent a notice to the Chief Minister that they have received the invitation for two days and have not been able to speak within the party. .
Shillong, March 04: As a sign of the celebration of Seva Pakhwada, the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi on 2/10/22; Rajya Sabha Member of Parliament Prof. Rakesh Sinha and Bah Michael Kharsyntiew have visited Khongtong village under the Khar-ar Village Hima.
Center Phanbun said that the problems faced by the village are the poor condition of the road, the lack of drinking water, health and education in the village.
He said that the journalism industry in the state should continue to grow and should be a way to encourage the people and the media should be the hope and confidence. right people.
In his speech, James K Sangma said that Bah Diverland's visit to the NPP is to achieve the aspirations of the people not only within the party. Mawkyrwat but also in other parts of the district.
At the meeting, the MTDC unanimously decided to approach the government to propose for the land.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: The CEM of KAAC's statement that the Khasi are foreigners is a stupid and unfounded statement by the CEM. good of Assam.
KHNAM today announced 13 candidates for the MDC election.
There may also be a public uprising.
The soldiers who were the protectors of the country and the people, have become only the protectors of the seat and politicians.
“We see that Ranikor has been neglected and I make it clear that the government will work hard to bring democracy closer to every household.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: UP K Dubey, Inspector General, BSF Meghalaya Frontier Shilling, along with 20 other BSF officials, took part in the Directors General Level Border Coordination Conference between the BSF and BSF. BSF and Bangladesh Border Guard (BGB) troops held a meeting in Dhaka from 11th to 16th of this month.
However, the population between the ages of 15-19 years is 4,03,6
The HPF also said that the problem of many farmers in the state who grow syieng and the lack of ability to sell syieng has affected the farmers as they have no other income.
Police have arrested the Scotty number ML-05-S-0052 after receiving a tip and followed up and seized the drugs. Police have arrested both of them and recovered two phones from them.
The meeting was held as part of the UdyanUtsav, 2024 at AmritUdyan in the grounds of Rashtrapati Bhavan.
The KSU has strongly criticized that this shows that they are still leaders who are lagging behind in knowledge or it may be that they are sheep in sheep's clothing who are ready to sell the nation for their own benefit.
The polling will start at 5 pm and it is expected that by 10 pm the name of the winner will be announced.
The Union Minister said that a meeting of Ministers of all the states will soon be convened to discuss this issue. rural in all directions.
She stressed the need for a skills training program to empower people with disabilities and her department is ready to provide any necessary assistance for the it is good for them.
In the journey of life there are many obstacles, but the song strengthens the spirit of courage that enables a person to stand against the sign, no matter how many trials.
Meanwhile, the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) should also issue a letter of resignation to the two persons who have been dismissed if the government cannot issue a letter of resignation. The RBYF has called for mass protests.
Shillong, June 30: The 100th episode of the 'Mann Ki Baat' of the Prime Minister was screened at Raj Bhavan, Shillong today. and the people of the country: PhaguChauhanLeaders from various sectors witnessed this special presentation of the program organized by the Department of I&B. the 100th today.
The SP of Ri Bhoi District has failed to answer before the Committee and if the incident happened since 15th July and if the SP is still investigating, it is a delay. How can you take up to two months to investigate such an incident and if anything happens to an ASHA in these two months who will be responsible? investigated and arrested those involved within 2 weeks.
Answering a supplementary question, the Prime Minister said that the total shortage of revenue will reach T.2500 crore. the money.
The Government of Meghalaya has implemented 1917iTEAMS for farmers, the function of this is the relationship between the farmer and the buyer and it is hoped that by 2022 this will be a strong trade. e-commerce is where goods and services are conducted over the internet.
The Prime Minister said that the civil society has given its approval to continue to study the laws which the government has already shown them.
To restore peace in Shillong, the Cabinet meeting held on Monday decided to set up a peace committee headed by the Chief Minister. cabinet ministers and the aim is to bring peace.
New Delhi Jymmang 01: U Sushil Kumar Shinde, Minister of Home Affairs, today launched the summary of the production of brew in India at a meeting held by the General & Department of Home Affairs. Census Commissioner, India in New Delhi today.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah V Swer BDO of Nongstoin, together with the Sordars who were present on the occasion, expressed their gratitude to the school for organizing such games. The people should understand how women have been empowered, because such things have never happened in the past.
The group has decided to find ways to talk to the rebel groups to invite them to peace talks and to refrain from bloodshed.
The objective of the program was to disseminate and explain the methods of making biopesticides among the farmers from the low income groups in the area.
“Modi also urged the audience to visit Meghalaya and witness these crematoria with their own eyes.
The CWC has also sent the same complaint to Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Defense Minister Amit Shah and Meghalaya Governor Phagu Chauhan.
Shillong, November 03: The National People's Party (NPP) today sent its condolences on the sudden passing away of Manirul Islam Sarkar, former Minister of State for Meghalaya. Former Meghalaya Government Minister U Sri Khan passed away today at a hospital in Guwahati.
Observe weather-related alerts when you have to travel for any outdoor activities away from your home.
The 10th phase of the HCLTech Grant India will provide a fund of Rs.16.5 crore (2.2 million dollars) to 9 NGOs, selected through strong, transparent and independent management as usual in a form of public administration.
Meanwhile, the teachers of Meghalaya have expressed their support to the All India Primary School Teachers' Federation (ALPSTF) to oppose the central government's plan to hand over the education to the private sector. elementary education through  Public-Private Partnership (PPP) mode.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Warjri said, “At this Public Hearing, we have been able to explain the purpose of the company.
Shillong, July 16: The graduation program for the 105th batch of computer trainees and the 43rd batch of language trainees of the Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda Cultural Center was held at the Vivekananda Cultural Centre, Shillong. Quinton Road, Shillong today Saturday, July 15,
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: The Catholic Church has set aside the second day of Naiwieng every year as a special day to pray for all the souls of the deceased.
Speaking to reporters, Kit said that the film was shot in 2019 and the writing of the story was completed in 2020. The shooting of the film will be completed in
The theme of the jubilee celebration is taken from the Bible which is 1 Samuel 7.12 “Thus Fear Has The Lord Helped Us” was born on March 25,
The school has 119 classrooms and employs 90 teachers.
The 56-Gambegre MLA has handed over his resignation letter to the Commissioner and Secretary of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly on 10/6/2
He informed that in the next few days, the distribution will continue to other Hima/Elaka.
The Election Department of Meghalaya has provided all three security measures to ensure the smooth running of the counting of votes for the Lok Sabha MP elections to be held tomorrow.
According to the information received, it is understood that the rainfall has decreased this evening and if the sky is clear, the landslide can be cleared tonight. because the cleansing is still going on.
Replying to a question whether the Congress will demand that the government should appoint a commission of inquiry within a short period of time, Zenith M Sangma said that they have not set a time limit but the government should. to act quickly and to appoint a commission of inquiry.
On the other hand, the police have been vigilant to stop the criminals who started these extortion activities.
The distribution of medicines was donated by Banteidor Lyngdoh who is also MLA and MDC of Mawkynrew Constituency. Doctors and Nurses from Mawkynrew PHC and others.
Police have tightened security in Shillong and various districts of the state following the incident of petrol bomb blasts at Government offices including Police Stations.
The people of this area have sent this letter to the Assam Government since 1888 AD and they want to be in Jaintia District since They are located in Block I which is within the border of Jaintia Hills but due to the census of the government, these areas have not yet been included in the border of Jaintia Hills. Meghalaya has been elected.
The purpose of education in this age for the youth is to provide training on how to stand on their own feet after completing their studies. he is the work of the jam.
Not only that, the CPC has done many good deeds for all the people.
James PK Sangma concluded by promising that the state government will implement all the schemes and do whatever is necessary for the development of the state and the country as a whole.
Answering additional questions, the Prime Minister said that many of the schools do not have the ability to operate school buses, which is why they have to be handed over to groups to operate the buses.
In this year's budget, the highest revenue for the KHADC is from the Trading license which is estimated at T.1.35 crore. 15.25 crore and the professional tax will reach T.7.5 crore.
Flying squads have been deployed to verify and register cases against any violators. the rules have been set.
He said that the state still needs the media to reach the rural areas of the state. He said that the state government needs to spend a lot of money on development projects. for the purpose of boosting the economy of the state.
Police of West Garo Hills District have registered the complaint and investigation is ongoing to find out whether these people are involved with any group or intend to form a new group.
What is more surprising to the Seng is how dozens of unfilled forms are still standing on the desks of the Managers of these factories while the receipt has not been received. This is the issue of these Nongtrei foreigners.
SHILLONG, Jymmang 20: The United Democratic Party (UDP) in Nongkrem has strengthened with the departure of leading members of the Nongkrem Mahila Congress and hundreds of supporters. On this occasion, UDP Working President Paul Lyngdoh, Dr Jemino Mawthoh and Draison welcomed these members at a function held at Pyrsing Market Nongkrem. Members who joined the meeting were President Jenita Kharkamni, Vice President Sedial Mawrie and nine Executive Members.
Ernest said that out of the 60 constituencies in the state, the party has received an estimate of 32 constituencies, of which the BJP is expected to reach the target between 10 and 15 constituencies.
Meanwhile, a special rule of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has allowed lending institutions to grant a six-month waiver on loan payments under the scheme.
He also suggested the use of social media to provide information in case of natural disasters and to provide assistance in such times.
Under his leadership as the Chief Minister, they have looked after all the development projects in all aspects not just one or two. They clarified the tasks facing the education department and other development projects and set the goal of providing smooth governance.
The BSF has already tested 262 people at the Border Out Post at Dobari, 219 people were negative and 43 people are awaiting results. At Paharinagar BOP, 70 people have been tested and Nine cases have been tested negative and 9 cases are awaiting results. At Dhagogre BOP, 52 cases have been tested and 36 cases have been negative and 16 cases are awaiting results.
Police stations in Saitsama and Tungtung have been closed.
Shillong, Nailar 31: Today, a meeting was held between the two CEMs of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah HS Shylla from Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and Madonbai Rymbai of JHADC in Jowai.
The number of confirmed cases in the state has risen to
Former Speaker Martin M Danggo and Chief Whip of the Legislative Assembly Bah Roni V Lyngdoh will be sworn in tomorrow.
It is for this reason that the two Sengs demand that the JHADC should immediately stop the employment of the JHADC so that it will not affect the budget of the JHADC. PL Majaw President of JYF Sengkmie said that the JYF Sengkmie has been working hard to improve the quality of life in the country.
Therefore, the AJYWO demands that the state government should suspend the implementation of the NPR (Aadhar Number) and should provide clear information to the people by visiting all the villages in the state. and after that, it is up to the people whether they wish to enter and if they do not wish, it is up to them.
A few days ago, we gathered the Rangbah Shnongs, all the executive members of the villages and the landowners, we gathered them all and we visited the land not only to take a decision from the dorbar. SDO Civil, ADM incharge Revenue, NHIDCL officials and Engineers from PWD department and the decision was taken in the presence of the residents. for the improvement of the Pynursla Bypass,” he added.
He said that if MeECL does not take this fee, the light outage in the state will be between 15 and 18 hours per day. Also present were the Minister of Power, Jemas K Sangma and the CMD of MeECL, Arunkumar Kembhavi.
Of these, 18 cases have been tested positive in East Khasi Hills, 2 cases from the Army, 16 cases from civilians and 20 cases from Ri Bhoi. 13 civilians.
He said that the father is the builder of the house but the mother builds the family, so he urged that we should have a happy family.
In a petition submitted today, MUGH urged the government to conduct public training for women and men to understand this relationship to avoid being raped.
The JYF said that the DTO office in East Jaintia Hills is a great blessing to the District and the area as a whole, as it helps the people of the area to get the services. Closer to the public not to go to Jowai for their vehicle needs.
However, if there are farmers who still accept the kilo cut, it will be up to them, but the Council will no longer have any responsibility for those who accept.
Jowai, Nailar 22: The KSU Laskein Circle has expressed its doubts that the government of Mukul Sangma will not be able to resolve the border issue by bringing Block 1 and Block 2 into Meghalaya.
Shillong, Nailar 16: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District has sent its deepest condolences to the family of Bah Nidayophi Dkhar who passed away after his Debilat truck fell on him. At a height of about 200 feet at Mawsynram.
There are 94146 confirmed cases so far, 92436 recoveries, 1595 deaths, 1595 confirmed cases from East Khasi Hills 2, Ri Bhoi 2, West Garo Hills 2 people.
Shillong, Nailar 25: The Director General of the National Cadet Corps (NCC) Lieutenant General Gurbirpal Singh, on his two-day visit to the NCC Directorate in Shillong, said that the syrnot issued by the NCC The NCC has honored them even in the army and police in the states.
During the meeting with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, they put forward nine demands that the government should do for these people and should immediately release Agnes Kharshiing and ha At the same time, those who have been charged with various corruption charges should be arrested.
In this regard, the KHADC will need the cooperation of the Food Inspectors and Sanitary Inspectors of the state government while the KHADC has not yet been able to appoint their own.
The Seng also urges the Village Authorities to check carefully against such shops and if found to be in violation, the Village Authorities should take strict action to ensure the health and safety of the shopkeepers. The residents of Madanriting area.
Replying to this report, the Minister of Home Affairs of Meghalaya, Roshan Warjri, said that the government will send an inquiry into the matter.
In this era of intellectual warfare, the Seng firmly believes and relies on the youth of the country to be the strong pillars for the future.
Executive Chairman of MBOSE Shillong CP Marak, Joint Director MBOSE Shillong Macdonald Marbaniang in the presence of teachers from various schools, parents and children. schools and others.
Shillong, June 13: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, has promised to look into the letter received from the Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India.
The injured were identified as Wanrapborlang Tymmenniang, 28, taxi driver, Shantilal Narzary, 45, Maria Narzary, 18, Rambhawarji Swari, 30, Hirangtho Swari,
He quoted from ancient scriptures in which he said that those who have good friends acquire good qualities and that those who have bad friends are affected in a bad way.
New Delhi, July 02: Revenue collection from GST till November 31, 2021 was T.1,29,780 crore from CGST and Rs.22,578 crore from SGST. , IGST has collected T.69,155 crore.
“This had a positive impact on me as a child, sowing the seeds of division between ‘them’ and ‘us’.
The President of the union said that the reason for their attendance at the public meeting today is that they do not accept the speech of the Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui. That at present the Meghalaya government cannot accept SSA teachers as full time teachers.
After the completion of these camps in all 10 districts, the State Level Judo Championship 2014 will be held in Shillong in June
Shillong, Lber 14: The Meghalaya Pradesh Youth Congress (MPYC) under the leadership of Bah Adrian Chyne Mylliem today held a statewide protest against the implementation of the government's policies. the Citizenship Amendment Act.
“Teams from the Central Government have also visited the affected States/UTs to explain the procedures and provide technical assistance.
He firmly believes that India will have to listen to our demands if we unite and I believe that Dr Jemino Mawthoh has the same goal.
Prime Minister Duhu spoke about his visit to Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, West Bengal and Uttar Pradesh.
This will not happen overnight but there is a need to learn to speak and to be trained and to be strong and steadfast. and at the same time to have a good human being and this is the age you are teaching.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The Principal Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, HGP Raju, today said that Meghalaya produces about 18,000 metric tonnes of pork per annum. Companies have been invited to invest in the pig farming industry.
This incident has caused a stir and caused until the night of the 10th to Nongtalang village where many people have slept inside and outside the village after receiving information that there are another group of about 10-15 people. they entered Alympia.
The Guard of Honor for the Prime Minister will include one officer and 25 members from the Army, Air Force and Delhi Police and one officer and 24 members from the Navy.
This state of mind brings benefits where there is less fatigue and when you can also focus on tasks.
Highlander Kharmalki, 14-Pynthorumkhrah, 15-Mawlai, Wandonbok Jyrwa, 16-East Shillong, Wankitbok Poshna, 17-North Shillong, Mariahom Kharkrang, 18-West Shillong, Ernthom Kharkrang. Sanbor Shullai, 20-Mylliem, Samuel Hashah, 21-Nongthymmai, David T Kharkongor, 23-Sohiong, Seraph Eric Kharbuki, 24-Mawphlang, Wossaroi Rani.
Speeches were delivered by the State President of YHAI Meghalaya Branch, Bah SL Rapthap, Vice President Babu Kular Khongjirem. Fabian Syiem, Convenor of Ribhoi Unit Saibor Syiem, State Secretary of YHAI Meghalaya, Debashish Chakrabarty and others.
The death toll from COVID-19 so far is East Garo Hills 13, East Jaintia Hills 31, East Khasi Hills 986, North Garo Hills 8, Ri Bhoi Hills 89, South Garo Hills 12, South Garo Hills The death toll has risen to 1449 from West Garo Hills, 17 from West Garo Hills, 72 from West Garo Hills, 133 from West Jaintia Hills and 71 from West Khasi Hills.
To curb the price hike, the Central Government today issued an order ban ban the export of piat to other countries from today until further notice.
On the other hand, the GM of NEEPCO KHEP expressed his satisfaction to see that the ground has become beautiful.
Regarding the COVID-19 positive test, if people want to test themselves, they have to pay T.3200/- tyngka. This will be for all those who fall under the APL and those who fall under the BLP. they don't have to pay anything.
Tura, Nailar 18: The employees of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) have been working without salary for six months and this has put the families in dire straits.
Speaking at a brief meeting, Myntri Langstieh praised HANM for being a party that stands on the basis of protecting the land and the border.
The parents of Sangma said that Sangma does not understand what they are saying. Police have admitted Sangma to Tura Civil Hospital for treatment. .
During the polling, all the EVM machines were running smoothly, only two VVPATs were damaged and were replaced.
He said that he (Manas) had written to the government in 1981 and reminded the government in 1983, but suddenly a notice came that he should leave within 15 days if he did not comply. In 1994, the complaint was filed in court.
I am ready for any investigation by any law enforcement agency,” he said.
Shillong, July 23: NESFAS has expressed its deep sorrow over the passing away of Slibon Nongrum on the 21st of this month from Laitsohpliah village, East Khasi Hills District. The world is pleased with the contribution of this woman in the field of traditional agriculture to preserve the environment.
He said that the JAC and the children of the thousands have expressed their hope that the KHADC will listen to this request and demand of the JAC and has also requested the Elaka Department to take action on this issue. it is the life and death of the Hima Sohiong as a whole.
On the other hand, the DC said that all those households who have already dug water wells have to register with the committee so that they cannot use them. illegal.
During the meeting, the Chairman and Spokesperson of the Federation of Khasi States, reminded the Chief Minister of the speech of the late Prime Minister, Shri Rajiv Gandhi, who said: words in Parliament when he introduced the Amendments to the Panchayati Raj Bill on 15 May 1989, quote “”.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister congratulated the police department for their hard work in maintaining peace.
Hundreds of people came to watch the competition.
He said that if the Government does not accept the money, the Government will make a mistake because it does not accept the rules and regulations laid down by the Government of India.
The GNLA has alleged that Reding and his brother blew up the bomb at Tura Supper Market last year. I'm from the GNLA. (SP News).
He said the NPP will not accept the Bodo Territorial Council as demanded by the ANVC. (SP News).
To reach this thong.
Sources close to the factories department of the state government said that so far about 40% of the factories under the EPIP have closed down due to lack of electricity.
There are 207 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 68 from Ri Bhoi, 53 from Ri Bhoi, bringing the total number of recoveries to .
He said that out of the 60 constituencies in the state, 22 are the most common constituencies in the state. The Election Department will talk to the Income Tax Department and also the strengthening. The flying squads have been appointed to investigate the use of funds.
Lytan said he does not want to criticize anything, but he wants to give the responsibility to the UDP and HSPDP to fight until the end. shatrilang only at the time of rain, the rang pat pat was prayed.
At this two day meeting, State Associations, PSUs, Companies were invited to explain in detail how to get CSR. Annual Reports and Audited Statements for three years, detailed reports on the working methods of State Associations and others. The summit discussed the need to amend and implement many policies such as the need for a state school sports curriculum, monitoring talent ID search through education systems as implemented by medal winning countries and others etc. New Delhi, Naiwieng 21: There is no ordinance relating to the registration of anyone who travels to Meghalaya so far.
There were 16 participants.
The Union Home Minister, Shri Amit Shah addressing the All India Conference of Director Generals/Inspector Generals of Police-2019, in Pune on December 06, 2019.
The meeting was attended by the Rangbah Shnong H.War, all the office bearers of the Dorbar Shnong, Youth Wing, Women's Wing and the villagers.
