On behalf of the students, she said that she encourages, especially the Ranikor Block area that although they are still lagging behind in all aspects especially in education, they should work hard and work hard, avoid illegal activities. to face many temptations so that we can reap the fruits of chess,” said Amyca Marwein.
Shillong, Lber 19: The All Meghalaya Labor Association (AMLA) today banned tourist vehicles from Assam to Sohra despite the government's announcement that all tourist attractions in Sohra have been closed. This is the state of Meghalaya.
According to the BSF, the value of these trees has reached T.4,09,2
The closing ceremony will be held on 30th July, 2023, at Kartavya Path, New Delhi in the presence of senior officials.
Group-C and Group-D jobs should be allocated 80% to the state residents.
The HYC leader said that if uranium is mined first, the people living near the uranium mining areas will be evicted because they are no longer inhabited.
“We would like to clarify that the news is misleading and we appeal to the citizens of the state not to be confused about this,” the statement said.
Two deaths have been reported today, one in East Khasi Hills and one in West Garo Hills District. 36 people.
On the other hand, the Minister commended the CPCB for its efforts to curb environmental pollution and if there is still work to be done, it will be improved.
I would like to request all the residents of the State to donate to this club so that it can continue to provide what the players need for the future of our youth.
The Managing Director, Samla Pynskhemlang said that the JETS24x7 which also has the slogan, “develop your own” was launched in June,
My mother encouraged me to go to NCC camps and encouraged me to continue in shooting.
The Additional Deputy Commissioner, Pynursla Civil Sub Division, Pynursla, said that the authorities are monitoring the condition of this road for the safety of many people.
In her speech, Therisia Lyngdoh, President of Umden PHC ASHA workers, said that they should be vigilant not to go outside to gather people and to wear masks when going to public places.
Bah H Sangriang, one of the office bearers of the union, said that if the KHADC cannot complete the work, the UCIL should take over and complete the work. as promised to the people of the area.
Shortly after in 1896, Jeebon Roy included the 'ï' and 'ñ' in the Khasi alphabet.
Speaking at the meeting, he said that to eradicate this disease, the cooperation of civil society, the public and also from the churches and everyone is needed.
After both these candidates withdrew from the ticket application, only the name of Bah Nongrem remained.
On the opening day of the two-day public meeting of the JPC in Shillong, the civil society organizations who went to Shillong to submit a letter to the JPC to express their views on the Citizenship (Amendment) Bills, 2016, were represented by the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), FKJGP, SRS, HNYF and the elders who attended the meeting were Bah John F Kharshiing, Bah Donkupar Warbah RL Blah.
From Bulaghat, BSF troops have seized 88 cows after using a stun grenade to intimidate these cow traders. The cows were smuggled via Ampati by a Bangladeshi smuggler identified as Jasmuddin Sheikh from Kumarghat village in Diwanganj district.
On the other hand, he said that how the department implements schemes without looking at the availability of funds, this answer is unacceptable.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that in the past three months, 39 public leaders have passed away, including They are from Meghalaya.
Replying to questions from SP News Agency, the CEO said that the letter has been received regarding the violation of the election rules by Bah AL Hek of the BJP. This cannot be said as it is up to the Returning Officer of the 1-Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
Have the Dorbar Shnongs, State Governments, KHADCs, been able to give advice on how to close, or relocate, some shops, schools, hospitals, restaurants, ATMs, Government offices? mo to ban the traffic of vehicles and operate only by buses around Shillong city to facilitate faster traffic or easier pedestrian traffic.
When it comes to education, it should not be a source of income, the government should find ways and means to reduce the part-time dropout rate.
There are 12 new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 1 in East Garo Hills, 1 in West Garo Hills and 1 in West Jaintia Hills. East Khasi Hills 96 people.
“He said the SP has prepared a strategy to fight against the disturbances of peace and order.
Shillong, November 27: The BJP party on 26/12/2023 celebrated the Good Governance Day, at the same time requested the people to join hands with the party in this celebration.
He is survived by his wife, a son and a daughter.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The Meghalaya Roll Ball Association (MHA) in collaboration with the Meghalaya Roll Ball Federation (MRO) will host the 4th Senior National Roll Ball Cup
The KSU will seek information on this issue from the government authorities and will take decisions to implement this Act.
A total of 3,352 vaccinations have been conducted in which 1,91,181 people have received vaccines so far.
Referring to the allegation of loss of salaries of GHADC employees, the Chief Minister said that in 2011 there were only 1400 employees and the cost of salaries was about T. crore, while the monthly revenue of GHADC is about T.1.2 crore.
The award winners were Dr. D. Khar Raswai, Registrar, State Board of Homoeopathic Medicine, Meghalaya; Dr.Dhiren Ch.
The GSU said that billions of rupees have been allocated through the NLCPR scheme, which was funded by DONER from the Central Government through the Accelerated Urban Water Supply Program (AUWSP) and the Prime Minister's Gramadoya Yojana. (PMGY) and the Indian Construction Programme.
There are many types of food items in the market, such as various types of rice, atta, musla, edible foods, various types of biscuits, foodstuffs. many kinds of tendur, many kinds of umsoh and recently many kinds of chocolate.
It also opens up opportunities for migrant workers to get treatment without losing their income.
: you die; but thou shalt not flee by thy own will, neither shalt thou be driven away, nor be thrown down.
“Urea barrels are sold at T.3000 per barrel in various markets around the world, now, the Government is supplying this to the farmers of the country at T.300 per barrel and thus the Government provides subsidy of T.10 lakh crore to farmers for urea.
“If the BJP government in Delhi does this now, it means that there is something wrong,” said Ronie.
On the other hand, the Minister urged the farmers to be ready to take part if there is any training in the field of Tit planting.
New Delhi, Naitung 17: Out of 20 cheetahs imported from South Africa and Namibia, four have died in Kuno National Park, Madhya Pradesh so far.
Not only that, many areas of West Khasi Hills District and Ribhoi District are also planned to be forcibly occupied in this map.
Shillong, July 06: Suspected Kuki militants have opened fire on BSF personnel in Serou village at Serou Practical High School under Sugnu Police Station this morning. of Kakching District in Manipur.
The Fire Brigade has rushed to the scene to extinguish the blaze. With the arrival of the police in time, the fire has been extinguished so that it will not spread to other houses. Police are investigating the cause of the fire.
Thomas A. Sangma received the award on behalf of Meghalaya and also on behalf of the Chief Minister and the Agriculture Department of the Government of Meghalaya for their hard work. to promote agriculture in the state.
Since the outbreak of COVID-19 in Meghalaya, 93822 people have tested positive, of whom 92227 have recovered and 1593 have died.
Among the 15 MLAs from Mylliem Hima who attended the meeting were Bah Mohendro Rapsang, Bah Adelbert Nongrum and other MDCs. KHADC Bah HS Shylla and the Executive Committee, Chairman Bah Teinwell Dkhar and other MDCs. The KHADC has ordered the Hima Mylliem to convene a Hima Dorbar, the former Syiem of the Hima, Pa'im Laborious Manik Syiem.
In the letter, they said that Sunday is a holy day for Christians and therefore they demanded that the closing date of the Cherry Blossom Festival to be held in Ri Bhoi District should be postponed.
Shillong, Nailar 22: Police of East Jaintia Hills District today raided Umkren village in East Khasi Hills District and seized several firearms hidden in tins of liquor from the house of u Bah Westmorelan Lamin.
In the technical session, resource persons from Swachh Bharat Mission, PHE, Government of Meghalaya, Bah Khrawkupar Suja, Sanitation Engineer and Bah Willybert Star Diengdoh, SLWM Consultant gave their explanations.
The delegation will meet the President of the country, including the leaders of both the National Assemblies under the leadership of the North East Regional Political Parties led by the Chief Minister of Nagaland Neiphiu Rio. chairman.
Regarding the cancellation of the opening day of the festival, not only the organizers of the Cherry Blossom Festival have to think for the safety of the participants, but also the India Meteorological Department ( The IMD has already warned that there will be natural disasters such as cyclones and heavy rains which could affect parts of the North Eastern states of India.
The Minister also praised the initiatives of the state government to take forward the initiatives of the Social Justice and Empowerment Department of the Union Government for the benefit of the people with disabilities in the state.
On the other hand, NESO has made it clear that it will not accept this Bill, as this action of the Central Government is against the feelings of the people of the North East and this will turn into a The people of this area are low paid in their own land.
The union also urges the drivers' associations to cooperate with the KHADC on this issue for the sake of peace in the society.
The Pasture Institute will be able to test up to 400 people per day and after completion, the state will be able to test up to 800 people per day.
Ri-Bhoi District came second with 5 gold and 2 bronze medals, while North Garo Hills came third with 5 gold and 2 silver medals. She won 2 gold, 4 silver and 1 bronze medals.
On the other hand, the JYF urges the JHADC under the leadership of Ma Thombor Shiwat as CEM, and the Elaka Chiefs (Daloi) not to use force anymore.
The Government should first have a law to prevent the illegal entry of foreign nationals and implement it as it is now. There is no law to prevent them but the Government is doing this.
Therefore, they feel that they as the leaders should say something on this issue to prevent the entry of foreign workers in order to free the community from any danger.
Shillong, Naitung01: The State Bank of India (SBA) today celebrated its 62nd Anniversary by distributing medicines at Kynshi village in West Khasi Hills District.
“As I promised you, I have fulfilled my promise that I will not leave this place until a notification is issued by the Government,” said Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit. and listen to the demand to revise the Reservation Policy, but the VPP will continue to monitor the appointment of jobs by the government so that it should no longer be allowed to go through the Reservation Policy. recruitment.
“With Azadi Ka AmritKaal, the country has revived this traditional custom with pride in its heritage.
Lumshnong and Umkiang areas deserve to have their own C&RD Clock for the development of the area.
Nolan was taken to the Civil Hospital for treatment.
Shillong, July 13: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek in the presence of the Commissioner Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya today explained to the public regarding the implementation of the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme in the state of Meghalaya.
It can be seen that the offices have played their part in the preservation of the environment through many programs and some of the programs can be witnessed through the offices of the organization are: KSU NKHD UNIT in collaboration with Dorbar Shnong groups, school children and teachers has planted tree seedlings around the area and the KSU has also put up signboards. street.
Shillong, July 16: Out of 10 gold medals, 9 gold medals went to East Khasi Hills District and 6 gold medals went to East Khasi Hills District. They won silver medals in the swimming competition held at Rongkhon Swimming Centre.
Alexander Laloo Hek (WINNER), 15.
At present, all the colleges in the state have to affiliate with NEHU, but now with the establishment of the State University, the government is ready to expand this university and allow colleges to affiliate. and this state university.
He said that the Sports Department expects that sports activities will resume in the state and that the government will take all measures to help promote sports activities in the state as part of the encourage the young.
“Last year we also seized T.37 lakh from drug traffickers and this year it has increased to T.47 lakh,” said Dr Bishnoi.
Therefore, this order issued in 2024 has revived these rules and the third rule which also recognizes the raid Majai, he said. Speak to the people of the Hima Sohra that the council cannot hold a new Raid without the approval of the Hima.
“There is only one in Umling and that has now turned into a house and the other 17 in the Secretariat will be completed. We don't know when they will succeed. the payment of the land to the owners of the land.
Conrad was accompanied by James K Sangma MLA, former Union Minister and former Rajya Sabha MP Thomas A Sangma.
It is learned that the monthly salary of KHADC employees is 5 crore tyngka and in 10 years the expenditure has reached 70 crore tyngka. good.
According to sources, the Forest Department in charge of Nan Polok, through the Social Forestry Unit of the District Forest Officer Shillong Range, is ready to rebuild the bridge.
The union said that the absence of the Traffic Branch has caused heavy traffic jam and endangered the traffic of the people and school children.
The residents of the area have no information about this decision.
All the senior officials including Financial Adviser Gaigongdin Panmei, Economic Adviser S Lalthangzo Sherry and Economic Adviser (HR) Satyen Lama were present on the occasion.
Prestone said that the MLA scheme is only T.2.5 crore and cannot be used for roads. This can be temporary after the joining of Teiborlang Pathaw. Many works have been done especially on the roads and there are still plans to transform Mawlai.
Do not park or drive vehicles during floods and stay away from electrical posts to avoid being electrocuted.
Our brothers and sisters who are farmers, small scale workers cannot imagine that they can get old age pension schemes and live a dignified life even more than 60 years, when the body begins to weaken and needs support.
The Chief Minister praised the work and this will bring glory to Shillong and the glory of the North East as a whole.
Replying to the allegation by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma regarding the Agar and siej scheme, Dr Mukul Sangma, former Chief Minister of Meghalaya, said that the incumbent Chief Minister is still It has to be looked into carefully and if this is the case it is sad to see that the dignity of the state will be lost.
The meeting was held at the party headquarters to welcome the UDP leader who joined the BJP. The BJP welcomed him to the BJP. In his welcoming remarks, the president of the party, Bah Khlur Singh Lyngdoh, said that the visit of Bah David will be a blessing to the BJP in Meghalaya. You are the candidate for the state of Meghalaya.
BAM President June Star Kharbuli said that the tournament will start on the 19th and end on the 23rd of November.
To implement the State Permanent Citizenship Registration Act which shall adopt the year 1971 as the year of registration.
Ribhoi, Nailar 5 : Police in Ribhoi District have arrested nine Garo persons in connection with the robbery of two quarries, one at Umduba and one at Umnowe Killing under Khanapara Police Station. , Ri Bhoi District.
The laws in the background are far more formidable than man-made laws.
“We are surprised why there will be another arrangement when all the payments have been paid in full and even the royalty and tax have been paid and the buyers of the coal have followed the rules. order of the Court and the relevant authorities,” said Bah Donbok in the letter.
However, to escape the arrest of Bah Eveningstar Sangriang, he has fled the village and his whereabouts are still unknown. On the 24th of this month, if anyone knows or finds him, please inform the police.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: U John F Kharshiing, Leader of the Chief Ministers of Meghalaya, has written to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma to ask the state government to talks with the state government to establish an impartial council in Meghalaya.
The Chief Minister said that this road is in poor condition and the state government will do its utmost to repair it as soon as possible at the same time a letter will be sent to the central government to repair this road as it is a national highway. .
Mawtari, it was like going to kill the wicked without thinking of the Paradoh Parasnam who are stupid and don't know anything.
He said that SS Net Com is a commercial company, they have set up the first call center in the North East and companies like Aircell, Airtell and Idea have given their support but because SS Netcom has decided to suspend the operation of its call center to get back what the company has decided to suspend.
On the other hand, Dr Mukul Sangma and AICC officials have met several times to see who should become ministers, after which a decision has been taken and Dr Mukul Sangma today returned. to Shillong along with the names of the ministers.
Police have recovered two golden tins of heroin, a Maruti Car ML05-F-3615, a Local Taxi ML05-G-8039 and a mobile phone from them.
Even the DCs, BDOs and SDSEOs joined the events in their respective places.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HMYWO) is deeply saddened by the silence and improper behavior of the Govt.
The Seng wishes to protect the youth, the parents and even the elderly from the violence of the jaidbynriew by other high paid ethnic groups.
The NPP sends its condolences to the family members of the deceased.
The protest was held in almost all parts of Shillong, where people were walking around to collect the items they need in their homes which they use every day.
Since the beginning, 93792 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in the state, 92193 have recovered and 1593 have died.
“I will say what I have to say or I will die,” he said.
At present, only four thermal scanners have arrived, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has already ordered 24 thermal scanners and 20 more will arrive.
“All the departments have seen this proposal and felt the need to make changes and we will take the Bill to the Legislative Assembly,” she said.
When asked whether the VPP's protest is for political gain, Bah Metbah said, “I don't want to say anything about this because other parties have their own ways of working. to criticize the work of other parties.
Everyone shows that they are standing on a solid foundation.
This forest protection training course is for 11 months.
This was stated by Bah Lambokstarwell Marngar President of the KSU in a statement.
Moreover, the practice of gardening teaches the students’ teamwork and also makes them aware about the horticulture prospects.
In this regard, many foreigners are able to apply and getting more marks in Matric makes them selected on the Merit List and this is not appropriate to be selected only by the merit list by looking at the marks. merit without reference to other parts.
“In July, 2022, our Prime Minister Duh inspected the staffing levels in all Government departments and directed that 10 lakh people should be recruited by the Government in the next 10 years. half.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare will continue to test them in the coming days according to the rules.
Bah T Myrthong was injured in the fire while trying to extinguish the flames of a tree and was taken to hospital for treatment.
The question now is how many lime kiln industries in Meghalaya can purchase and use this minor limestone.
On the demand for a state of Garo people, KSU President Bah Daniel Khyriem said that there is nothing to say that this is their desire and if they get their own state, The state will be good for them and we will stay together” (SP News).
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, the President of the Seng Khihlang, Bah HR Kurbah, said that the same meeting will be announced in June.
New Delhi, Jymmang 18: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has seized Rs 8,889 crore from the government in the Lok Sabha elections.
At the meeting held in Tura on Thursday, after discussions, it was decided to continue the cooperation between the two parties to demand their own state. the Khasi of the Khasi-Jaintia State and the Garoland.
The UHM said that if there is any reason, even if it is true, the paradoh parasnam should be corrected verbally and should not be forced or take the law into its own hands.
The States and UTs have also been directed to conduct inspections from time to time to ensure compliance with these safety measures.
The demand for a Hill State is because the Khasi want to rule themselves, so all the Khasi villages and areas under the Hima, Raid, Elaka should fall under Meghalaya. Your Hill State is wrong.
HANM has acknowledged that 95% of the people of East Jaintia Hills live from coal mining, which affects not only the owners of the mines but also the contractors and traders.
Shillong, July 30: Meghalaya today held a two minute silence in honor of those who sacrificed their lives in the struggle for the independence of the country from foreign rule.
In a statement, these leaders demanded that the central government should enforce the Act as it is now as it is the power of the people.
On the other hand, the Seng would like to clarify that the news published on 6Nov 2013 in Mawphor is groundless.
This happened at about 10:30 pm on July 10,
On the demand of the people for a 100 bed hospital and a JNV school, the Prime Minister said the government will do whatever is necessary.
He spoke about the placement of the image of the earth sitting on a lotus flower in the logo of the G-20 and said that sharing knowledge helps us to overcome challenges while sharing wealth opens the way for us to reach all places.
The ordination of five deacons from the two Dioceses of Shillong Archdiocese and Nongstoin Diocese was a memorable day in the lives of the five Deacons who were ordained priests. God's call to serve in the vineyard of the Lord where they took an oath to live purely, poorly and righteously as Priests forever.
The voice of the meeting was that the government should appoint an independent committee to investigate the collapse of the uranium mine in Nongbah Jynrin and also to investigate the increase in radiation. and the health of the residents of the area.
On this occasion, Bah Risingbor Kurkalang was awarded the U Tirot Sing Award for Arts & Literature. Dr. Delphine G. Momin received the Pa Togan Sangma Award. for Social Services and Bah Phrangki Buam received the 'U Kiang Nangbah Award' for Sports & Games. Six of them were awarded the Chief Minister's Disaster Response Medal and 21 were awarded the Meghalaya Day Excellence Awards
There have been 218 recoveries, 138 from East Khasi Hills, 35 from Ri Bhoi, 77,520 from Ri Bhoi. state as a whole.
Tura, Naitung 01: An elderly man has committed suicide by stabbing himself after having an argument with his wife in Tura.
The reason for the meeting with the Deputy Commissioner is because of the steady increase in the price of beverages and this will affect the people especially those who work in the morning and buy food in the evening.
The soskular was signed in Delhi today.
Shillong, November 05: The Cabinet meeting held today has decided to increase the Contingency Fund of the Government from T .205 crore to Rs.455 crore.
The EC shall seek ways and means for the benefit of the Council.
Shillong, Nailur 08: The Night Road Blockade on the 10th, 11th, 12th and 13th of this month will start at 7 pm. pm and will end at 5 pm.
This will also help to identify and develop talent from the North East, rural or tribal areas.
The Dorbar Syiem Nongkhlaw, has also decided to convene a meeting of all the Sordars of the Hima Nongkhlaw on 21st January 2013, to discuss the preparations for the Special and Fourth Dorbar Ri.
The government has taken all the necessary measures to restore peace and order in the area.
The President of the VPP said that the VPP as promised during the elections, stands to fight for the people and the issue of Reservation Policy has been taken to the Legislative Assembly for discussion.
However, the Meghalaya government does not have a venue for the SLET examination.
It is to be reminded that after its meeting with the leaders of the Seng Bhalang on 19.07.2017, the decision taken at that meeting was a mutual respect and understanding in which the Government has taken the The union has also suspended all plans to hold a protest even though up to 32 members of the union have been arrested.
The NSCAEM has identified 17 states with the highest incidence of sickle cell disease: Gujarat, Maharashtra, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh, West Bengal, Odisha, Tamil Nadu, Telangana, Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Assam and Uttar Pradesh. Pradesh, Kerala, Bihar and Uttarakhand.
This will make it very difficult for the teacher to serve the students from Nursery, Class-I to Class-V. This will affect the development of the students and the school as a whole.
The aim is also to raise awareness among the people about our rich history and heritage, he added.
Today, the residents of Dhanketi have been watching when the police have not done anything against a government vehicle number ML01-6156 which was parked near the sign. “No Parking” was imposed by the police.
In the protest which they started in Nailar, the authorities in charge of MeECL have replied that the arrear has been sent to pay the arrear. because they were promised payment, but the strike was to demand that the government recognize the contract workers as permanent employees.
In his public speech, he mentioned the Benami and the Land Transfer Act.
With the participation of thousands of children of the Nongkhlaw Hima.
Police have recovered 4.29 grams of heroin from these persons.
He congratulated the members who turned the Azadi Amrit Mahotsav into a protest by the people in their constituencies.
Shree Shree Laban Shiv Mandir Durga Puja Committee received 100 rupees for the Golden Jubilee, Sordar Raid Kongthong received 100 rupees and Laban Sanatan Dharmasabha Harisabha received 100 rupees. has received 100,000 tyngka to celebrate its 125th anniversary.
The RBI Expert Committee on Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises chaired by UK Sinha has made 37 key recommendations.
Another seizure was made from Hojai under Lumding Division on the Dibrugarh-Kolkata Express.
The Dorbar Shnong will take action if the government does not start this work.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Dkhar, one of the political party leaders, said that until now, there is no complete confidence in these machines, but to go back to the past to vote. “It cannot be done by paper, but what can be done is that if possible, the voter can take the ballot paper and put it back in another box,” he said.
Speaking to reporters, he said the government has already sent a study to look into the cost of reviving the MCCL and according to the report, it will cost up to T.190 crore. which the government cannot be money.
The union urges the District Council which is the shield of the jaidbynriew to think carefully on this issue and not to issue the NoC. KSU-East Jaintia Hills President Bah Streamly N.Suchen said in a statement.
If you earn the wrong righteousness, it is a sin that will destroy you in the days to come.
In terms of investment and savings in the markets.
However, what has already appeared in the media is that the MDCs within the KHADC have demanded the money even though they have not received the full amount of T.50 crore from the government. Maligaon, June 29: Police of the Railway Protection Force (RPF) at 12.30 pm today saw a young girl walking up and down the railway station in Rangiya Assam.
The Dorbar Shnong Mawpat today decided to close down the construction of the TB Hospital in the area. Don't go to Umsawli Hospital.
However, at 5.30 to 6.00 pm, there was a crowd of people who were driving the STPS at Mawlong Market and they wanted to turn to Them Motor. The police arrived on time and managed to stop the incident and they left on their own.
This year, the celebration of Christmas has been more festive and many churches have held carols around not only Shillong but also in the villages. same.
Speaking on economic development in the North East, the Independent Charge of Science and Technology, Independent Charge of Earth Sciences, PMO Minister of State, Atomic Energy and Space with the Minister of State for Personnel, Public Grievances and Pensions.
This is because the government has been able to complete adequate development projects and in the year when Meghalaya turns 50 years old there will be 300 development projects to open.
The award was presented to the Rangbah Shnong of Moolamylliang, Bah Apmon Pachang, by the Consul General of the Kingdom of the Netherlands, Bart De Jong, President of ISWMAW, Sadhan Ghosh and other dignitaries.
Shillong, Nailur 05: Four persons have tested positive for COVID-19 in Ri Bhoi District, while one person has died from West. The death toll has risen to 1619 in Jaintia Hills district.
On the other hand, the MLA also extended his hands to help these refugees.
Reniktone L Tongkhar, Meralborn Syiem, Shilang Pale and Process T Sawkmie, who won from the Congress party, have resigned from the UDP. Kimfa S Marbaniang from the Congress, Hamletson Dohling and Jeson S Sawkmie from the PDF have also resigned before joining the NPP. Esmatur Mominin, who won from the NPP, will have to step down as MLA, Adlebert Nongrum, who won from the KHNAM, will join the VPP, Samuel M Sangma, who won from the NPP, will have to resign. Independent candidates who have joined the BJP Associate Member have to resign.
New Delhi, November 21: In close cooperation between intelligence agencies and the Information & Broadcasting Department, the Ministry on Monday ordered the blocking of 20 YouTube channels and two websites that spread news. on the internet that are against India.
Two brothers of two foreigners who were killed in Ichamati on Friday while waiting for the post mortem at the Civil Hospital, Shillong, said that they were killed in Ichamati. They learned of the incident at Ichamati Market which started at about 4:00 pm but the death of these two men happened in the evening.
These youths who have joined the HSPDP are not only youths but also those who are in various positions in the party. State where many youths have taken part and all that remains is to announce the winners.
Two cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed positive today, 10 cases are BSF personnel and 2 cases are from NEIGRIHMS. The Director of Health Services, Dr A War, said:
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, inaugurated these 100 feet tall statues of the heroes of the state in
You are here because you are qualified and you have done well in the examination," he said.
The Minister said that there are some schools which have had to merge with nearby schools, this is due to the lack of students in those schools and there are schools which are more difficult. the government to do something about the distance from other schools.
This was announced by Bah HM Marbaniang, General Secretary of MSSASA.
Shillong, November 08: The Thma-U-Rangli-Juki Organization (TUR), also known as the Thma-U-Rangli-Juki Organization, will hold a public meeting on the 10th of this month at Shillong. The meeting was held to discuss the MPDA and the MMPO as part of the celebration of Human Rights Day. at 2 o'clock in the morning.
When it comes to education, there is a need for higher education institutions to provide training in various fields of education so that our youngsters will not need to go abroad to study.
The Milk Mission will assist 2000 farms to produce milk, each farm should have 5 cows, no house, no food storage, no insurance for cows. , will receive 79 milk tankers with a capacity of 500 litres, 13 milk trucks with a capacity of 3000 liters and there will also be a large allocation of funds to the farmers who have come for training.
The land was donated by the Sordar of the village, Bah Lovingstar Mawlong after a request and discussion with Bah Metbah who is the leader of the constituency.
The two organizations urged the government to expedite the construction of the road as the scheme for the construction of the road has been funded by the World Bank. The scheme may be lost or relocated elsewhere. If this happens, it will be a great loss to the residents of Laskein Block.
General Secretary, Francis Dkhar and Shngainlang Dkhar; Finance Secretary, Binis Dkhar, Treasurer, Rosa Dkhar; Adviser, MH Dkhar and Emmon Dkhar and 15 other members of the Executive Committee.
Speaking to media at Congress Bhavan Shillong, Pala said that to train people to be leaders is important and the trained leaders have left the Congress party, such as Lahkmen Rymbui, Comingone Ymbon, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar.
In this regard, the President of KSU Barak Valley Circle, Morning Suja, has demanded that the Assam Government should pay compensation of 4 lakh tyngka each to the victims of the earthquake. only to those who were seriously injured and those who were affected by the earthquake.
The proposal to increase the number of constituencies to District Councils has thought about the proposal to appoint other ethnic groups as MDCs. India today expressed the feeling among other nations to promote unity and brotherhood.
Also present on the occasion were Ajay Kumar Sahu, Sr.
“We are doing this for the benefit of the people and in terms of the election of the Syiem, we have held an election, and there are three candidates for this election. Phrangjohn Singh Malai received 3 votes, Winal Malai 1 vote, Paialast Iawrod 302 votes and Rangsan Sohmat 113 votes.
Prestone said that the loss of this road is on the right side, the reason is that the trucks carrying stone to Bangladesh are passing on the right side while the left side is not damaged because the trucks come empty. After the smuggling of rocks to Bangladesh.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma has attended a meeting of the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) in Delhi after winning the 2019 MP elections.
He said the government will not be wrong in this regard.
Shillong, Nailar 15: The office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District on the occasion of the Independence Day distributed clothes donated by the people to poor families.
: it means to be acceptable; it is together with a group; it is equal in any part; it is a consensus.
“As the days go by, the country is in danger because of the slow entry of mynder into our country and through this celebration to awaken the nation is that we should surprise the people in all aspects whether in trade or marriage and others that bring harm to the nation,” said Samla Augustar.
He said that the demand for Garoland will be in the four districts of Garo Hills.
At the same time, Bah Myrshiang expressed his surprise how the office of the Deputy Commissioner has paid the land fee without receiving the NOC from the District Council.
Shillong, Nailar 15: Meghalaya and India as a whole have today celebrated their 71st Independence Day.
States have been advised to promote genome sequencing of all positive cases for the timely detection of new variants, if there is a detection of cases in the country and taking measures for public health.
According to the Union's follow-up on this issue, it was found that all the equipment related to this area together with the staff from Doctor, Lab-Technician, Asst Lab Technician, and others have been provided within this area. Blood Bank in Jowai, but due to lack of license, has not been able to operate yet.
Mairang Police Station has informed that if anyone finds or sees them, please inform the police immediately.
The union finds that many of the people from the rural areas have been affected by the curfew in the district and the union wants to advise the district authorities that the government should not impose a curfew or close the dam salonsar. to the districts because earlier.
He was accompanied by the President of the party, Bah Roy Kupar Synrem and several members of the party.
Shillong, November 02: U Bah Joinisaiah Makdoh, formerly known as Bah Join, resident of Mawlai Iewrynghep, husband of Kong GG Chyne Dhar, also known as Kong Kes, has been arrested. U Bah Baminot Jones Dhar passed away today.
On the other hand, Samla Forwardman Nongrem President KSU South West Khasi Hills District said that the KSU demands that it is time for the leaders to say something to the government to appoint a full time DMHO and also to arrange for them. CHC has 100 beds.
The place of Nalanda can further build this sense of brotherhood for the whole world.
In his speech, the Chief Secretary, Bah DP Wahlang said that the struggle for a full state is bloodless, the struggle for our own state is to preserve our own language, culture and traditions. and to preserve the identity of the people, it was on this day that the full state of Meghalaya was created.
Explaining why the incident happened on Monday morning, he said that police had received a tip that one of the suspects was passing through the Resu-Khaldang road. The search operation started at 8 pm and at about 10.30 pm a Bolero Picup came and when they stopped it fled from the hands of the police.
Executive Members (EMs) were also present on the occasion.
They emphasized that Gandhi was the one who promoted the traditional skills of the regions and the wisdom of the ancestors to make pyrnonthiedjri is one of the intellectual forces of the past.
"On the 'divided' approach of previous governments for the North East, the Prime Minister said that our government has started with 'sacred' goals.
They just opened the land and worked like that,” said the Rangbah Shnong.
In his speech, Kovind said that Meghalaya is small, but it doesn't matter to him whether it is small or big like Uttar Pradesh or Maharashtra but all are the same because the state is the same. have their own power and authority.
Therefore, on these issues and others, the Dorbar Federation of Khasi States has requested a special time from the Chief Minister, Meghalaya to have a meeting to discuss and get clarification from the State Government on the grounds. The boundary should be resolved especially on the need to resolve the First Schedule.
To cooperate with the leadership of Rangbah Shnongs and CCMTs and Incident Commanders.
The North East Road Project Special Development scheme has allocated T.801 crore for the 2020-2021 fiscal year and T.667.79 crore for the 2019-2020 fiscal year.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Latiplang CEM of KHADC on the decision of the High Court today, expressed his gratitude to the High Court for issuing the decision on the rules and regulations of the KHADC. regarding the sending of the names of the EMs to the Governor for approval.
Members of the Dorbar Shnong urged the students to take action in their schools as an example to maintain cleanliness in their schools and around the schools in the state.
The union demanded that the government should recognize their work and also provide special protection for them.
The Cell Broadcast Alert System is a state-of-the-art technology that allows critical and time-sensitive messages for disaster management to be sent to all mobile devices within a designated geographical area, irrespective of whether the recipients are residents or visitors.
Shillong, July 18: SBI ICAR Complex Branch through its Branch Manager, Kong Kerlinda Blah, has handed over the food items to the President of the Confederation of Ri Bhoi People, Bah Bandari Ryntathiang. to the families who are suffering in these days of Covid1
U Symbut, Chief Minister of Assam, today convened a meeting of the Government Ministers in the committee to look after the border in preparation for the meeting with the Chief Minister of Assam. on the 6th of this month in Dispur.
Replying to the statement of Dr. Mukul Sangma, the president of the NPP state party said that the polling will be held on 30th March 2021 and the counting of votes will be held on 2nd November .
Minister Duh said, “your popularity and people’s acceptance of you is what you have to use for the future generations of the country.
The reconstruction of the Legislative Wing of the KHADC has resumed after the Executive Committee of Bah PN Syiem came back to power. About 50 percent of the funds received by the EC for the construction of this building is only T.3 crore from the budget.
Shillong, November 15: The Meghalaya XBHP Sports & Adventure Racing has organized the two-day 2Northeast Cycling Racing at Nongpure today. there is a cycle.
On the other hand, the PAC has directed the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to take immediate action.
Speaking on the request of the Congress leaders at the meeting held at Congress Bhavan, he said that he should reconsider the decision not to contest the MLA elections. Dr Lapang said that he has decided not to contest the MLA election. Although he will not contest the MLA election, he will work for the party in whatever field is assigned to him.
The people of Meghalaya which border with Assam have faced many problems and it has been seen that many problems have been faced by the people and many times there have been clashes with the police of Assam.
If we know that the public meeting on that day will take an immediate decision to hold a 72 hour strike, we will not be able to meet the DC. support the protest, but the party itself fully supports this protest even though it has not been expressed in the newspapers because of the above reasons, but the goal of the work is the same for the people.
During this month-long programme, the Department conducted information programmes, webinars along with meetings and interviews with people who wish to adopt children.
Prime Minister Duh said data is cheap in India compared to other countries.
The Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) (RDA) and the Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) will hold a meeting on 7th November to discuss the upcoming Lok Sabha elections. long in the coming year.
They have been covered here in Meghalaya as much as a lion or a wolf but in front of Delhi they have not been even like a small lizard.
The college is run by the HDR Educational Trust and this is to fulfill the promise made to the people. The college is named after the mother of Bah HDR Lyngdoh who is the MLA of this area. At the same time, he is a Minister in the State Government.
Dr. Amapareen Lyngdoh has admitted that there is no such difference within the Congress party. In a letter sent today, they have clearly stated that the rules that the 12 MLAs of the party have violated The Lamphang of the House shall take a decision.
Ahmed Mohd.
Shillong, Lber 25: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit in reply to the zero hours petition filed by Lamphrang Blah of the Congress party on the allegation that there was corruption in the elections. It is also the Heritage Village and the Monolith Festival in Mawphlang.
He said it is also a shame to say that Meghalaya does not have a youth policy, sports policy and education policy which has affected the welfare of the youth.
Speaking on the importance of health in the daily lives of the people, the Chief Guest urged all those who witnessed the program and especially the poor women to take advantage of it. The establishment of the Sub-Centre at Nongthyllep Village by providing treatment and examination and to take the children to participate in the various vaccination programs conducted by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare from time to time. for.
Dr Dr Rangkynsan Thangkhiew MD said that many of the children have been infected with other devices but this time it is surprising because it is the battery if the acid of the battery comes out. long very bad.
The two unions, on receiving information that the Government has started to proceed with the Border Fencing, immediately suspended and expelled these employees of the Company. determine the exact Boundary and draw from Zero Point.
The Prime Minister expressed his concern over the increase in cases in some districts and stressed the need to curb this and take timely measures.
Shillong, Naitung 20: The Meghalaya Public Service Commission (MPSC) has issued a statement saying that if you want to prove that you are a clean body in the conduct of various examinations, you must have a clear path to prove that you are a clean body. be clean in the conduct of employment examinations.
Mawphniang also urged the government to release not only their salary for the months of April and November but also the salary for the month of November as a Christmas gift to them. employee this year.
The meeting of the MDA as a synroplang group is for the parties within the government to express their concerns within the group in which the presidents of the parties will be present. session.
Shillong, Nailur 16: Meghalaya has become the third state in India to implement the NSAP under the Direct Benefit Transfer (DBT).
The smugglers managed to escape into the forest due to the darkness of the night. The BSF troops could not arrest these weapons.
The committee also met with the public, Customs Police and other groups.
It is to be recalled that the LJK has already donated 50,000 tyngka to the Chief Minister Relief Fund on the 13th of June as part of its joint efforts with the state government to fight against the outbreak of the disease. The disease has spread to the state, especially to the city, which has claimed the life of one of the prominent doctors of the state.
All the residents who have done this have been sentenced according to the order of the Supreme Court.
The second part of the ceremony was held as a sign of condolences to these soldiers who sacrificed their lives to defend the country.
There will also be a performance by local artists such as Sweety Baieid and Hame Lyndoh from 7 pm onwards and ticket prices will be on Jan. you can buy 100 pieces of silver.
Secretary, K Moses Chalai, Principal Secretary, Government of Meghalaya, Sampath Kumar, MN Nampui, Commissioner & Secretary, Government of Meghalaya, Government officials in the Social Welfare Department and NGOs working in these fields. businesses participated in this meeting.
In the opening ceremony, the NSC organizers thanked all the dignitaries including the Chief Guest who have contributed to the organization of this tournament.
During the visit, she also spoke about the services provided by this place to the people.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government has demanded the removal of James K Sangma from the party. the Department of Home Affairs.
On 31st July, 2022, the Government announced the decision to build multi-storey houses on a 2.5 acre plot of land belonging to the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) for the relocation of these 342 households. the household of the Mawlong Market.
On this occasion, there were parts of the briefing on NESAC by the Director, SP Agarwal, Backward Blocks, NERCOMP and Indigenous Habitat.
The construction of the Legislative Assembly is now the last part of the Done which is the part of the dorbar village. The inspection is to ensure that the work will go smoothly.
The reconstruction of the exit rooms at the Computer Typist Room and also the construction of the Joint Secretary, Civil Engineer and Guard Room cost 2,25,240 tyngka.
Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District Arunkumar Kembhavi said that Paytm staff will provide training to the people in Jowai on how to use the Paytm payment method for buying and selling.
This will apply only to commercial vehicles traveling to Khyndai Lad and Motphran while all vehicles must be equipped with HSRP. Earlier, the taxi drivers held a public meeting at Madan. Malki, who strongly condemned the order issued by the Deputy Commissioner, said that this is an attempt to destroy the income of those who live by driving.
As part of the party, we are surprised why the government has taken action to arrest and detain only those members of the party who come out to protect the Jaidbynriew.
Pynthorumkhrah MLA Bah AL Hek said, “His sudden passing away has reminded me of those days when we discussed the establishment of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People. The group is responsible for the welfare and protection of the rights of the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Nailar 19: The BSF on Tuesday evening, on receiving a tip that some people have crossed the Bangladesh border in East Khasi Hills District, have launched a curfew.
Shillong, March 19: Leaders and Members of the FKJGP Three Village Area Unit including Mawnianglah, Mawkhan and Mawrashe Villages on Friday came out to repair the offices of the FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle. The road from Lad Mawnianglah, 7 miles above Shillong to Mawrashe and Mawkhan.
Regarding the request of the Chief Minister, the Union Minister said that this issue will be discussed at the meeting of the Chief Ministers of the North East. India on 4th June 2018 at this meeting will discuss how to improve relations with neighboring countries in many areas, especially in trade under the Act East Policy.
He said that the Sengbhalang has taken this decision because they have a concern for those students who are in the middle of various examinations and it is on this basis that the strike has been extended. “If the government continues to do so and raises the voice of the people who expressed through the meeting on the 30th at Madan Student, as the Sengbhalang we will intensify the protests in any form because as the people want the Sengbhalang also wants to have special protection for the nation and the state itself. "all over," said Fredrick.
On the other hand, the church would like to congratulate Bah JK Dorphang, MLA Mawhati, Bah James Sylliang, MDC and all the government officials of various departments who have worked hard to organize this day.
Shillong, Nailar 11: The Government has decided at its Cabinet meeting today, to establish a good foundation and to set a limit on the foreign visits of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, the Ministers and Officers shall be held only twice in one financial year.
Also present on the occasion were the Minister of Nongbrei Nongdom and others.
The closing ceremony was attended by the MLA of the district, Parliamentary Secretary, Civil Defence, Samuel M. Sangma, Parliamentary Secretary, C&RD, Rophul S. Chokpot MLA Bluebell R. Sangma, Chairman Baghmara Municipal Board Surosh R. Marak and many other dignitaries.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: A meeting was held today in the presence of the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, the Cabinet, the Leader of the Opposition Dr. Mukul Sangma and MLAs. The meeting was held to discuss the increase in the number of cases of covid-19, said Bah Metbah Shongknor of the Legislative Assembly.
From Tura, incumbent MP Agatha K Sangma will contest from the NPP, Congress MLA Saleng A Sangma and Trinamool Congress leader Zenith Sangma will contest from the NPP.
Speaking to reporters, the Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, said that the government cannot accept them to re-appoint them, but the government will allow them to re-appoint them. they should write the MTET examination to be able to teach again.
The Tournament Committee has decided to start the Under-20 Fourth Division on the 27th July,
Shillong, Naitung 02: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has built houses on the Kalong Bridge at a cost of nearly tens of crores of rupees. The houses that have been built have been closed by the court.
throughout the state.
The GNLA has been trying to disturb the law enforcement agencies who have been severely attacked by the police, soldiers and civilians. (B).
According to information received, the Chief Minister has informed the Syiem of Sohra Hima that the Chief Engineer of PWD, Bah Lam Suchiang, has not been sent to inspect the Sohra road. to start repairing.
FKJGP President Dundee Khongsit said that only two of the 46 tanks were tested.
Perhaps people do not know – the repeal of one law every day means that we have repealed about 1,450 laws to reduce the number of people.
However, what upsets them is that without any written notice from the Forest Department, they have threatened to destroy the shops.
It is only after we have lodged a complaint with the Department Appellate Authority KHADC that we have received the answers.
In this march, the cross and the Bible were led to proclaim to the four corners of the world the coming of the Gospel and the Salesian Society in Ri Khasi Jaintia.
It should be jute, this will help the farmers and others.
After receiving a letter from the Central Government why to appoint up to three persons, the work has been suspended, but after receiving no letter from the Central Government how to do so. .
Manda Mahari Ku-monggrikani held on the 13th of November last month in Tura in which 27 Kur branches attended the meeting strongly condemned the allegation by the ANEIGLPA against the ANEIGLPA. Schedule Certificate of Chief Ministers.
The BSF has strengthened its intelligence agencies as the smuggling of counterfeit money into India is a threat to the trade.
The Seng expresses its deep surprise at this violence of these government departments by ignoring the village authorities and the rules and regulations to prevent the damage to the river which could affect many people.
After the goal, Lajong started to control the game and had several chances and it wasn't until the 24th minute that Lajong scored through Ronney Willson Kharbudon. Sangti Janai Shianglong scored the first goal of the match.
There have been 18 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 16 from East Khasi Hills, bringing the total number of recoveries to 82,990 so far.
The RPF has handed over the arrested persons to the Assam Police for further investigation.
The DC of West Jaintia Hills in a letter sent to the DC of West Jaintia Hills District Karbi Anglong said that the residents of Lapangap Village have requested to come out together for the repair of the road from Khanduli to Lapangap now. sun.
The Committee has received a clarification regarding the murder of Kong Siangshai who has 10 children in East Jaintia Hills, five of whom are young. These children should not be protected by the government.
After being treated at NEIGHRIHMS, he tested positive for COVID-19 and died at 12.40 pm today.
Shillong, Naitung 08: Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma has sent his condolences on the passing away of Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (MK) President Kalaignar Muthuvel Karunanidhi.
They must have been born between 1-5-2002 and 30-4-2006. This is only for ST/SC students. she is a doctor.
Referring to the meeting of the State Security Commission (SSC) held today, the Chief Minister said that the commission will investigate into the allegations of the HNLC. The Commission will check whether the members have tried to ask for assistance from them to see how true it is.
Leaders of MSSASA Sengkmie including Aristotle C. Rymbai President and HM Marbaniang will attend the meeting.
“He added that this project will also be implemented in other districts to ensure the disposal of waste in one place.
Meanwhile, the turnout in the North Eastern states was highest, followed by Mizoram with 51.8%.
IDFC Bank , which attracted the attention of the people at the Mela , showed how it has its facilities to deposit , withdraw money and send money from one place to another This machine will be able to work even in rural areas where internet is not available.
Besides, Bah John Kharshiing added that the Meghalaya Games itself is a preparation for the National Games, whichever state will host.
The two youths who were honored by the DC of Ri Bhoi District on the second day were Bah Synsharlang Nongrum who set up a shop to manufacture mobile phones and Bah Salvation Syngkli who opened a shop to manufacture mobile phones. and he was able to employ two others.
However, what surprised the HYC is that these people who have been living in this area have been able to ring the light without paying for decades.
The areas under Garoland and Khasi state have already been marked by these two leaders who have been the pioneers in this struggle.
John F Kharshiing, Chairman, MSPB, told the Union Minister that the broadband lines for BSNL's phone, mobile and internet have been cut off during the renovation and reconstruction. Shillong-Guwahati new road.
Shillong, July 18: The Jaintia Students Sport Club (JSU) has congratulated the three candidates for the 2013 election, Ma R Syngkon for the 4-Mowkaiaw Constituency and Ma M Pariat for the Jowai Constituency. Ma H Dkhar will contest from Nartiang Constituency.
Shillong, November 02: The KSTMPCS, Kyrdemkhla in collaboration with the Neru Yuva Kendra Sangathan (NYKS) Shillong has organized a training program for the development of youth.
If there is no import of wealth no wealth cannot be distributed.
On receiving the complaint, the police under the leadership of the DSP, Special Operation of the North Garo Hills District Executive Force raided a resting place on the border of Assam on July 24, Sunil Boro, 33, resident of Upper Borgum, Goalpara District, Assam and seized a Scooty (ASI8J-0181) which he used to rob and others. Friends Kaltu Rabha, Turti Basumatary and Sahadev Basumatary escaped from the custody of the police.
We must promote the use of digital payment in villages, small shops and shopping malls for the sake of cleanliness, transparency and to strengthen the economy of the country.
To the surprise of the police, one of the occupants of the vehicle escaped from the vehicle and fled the scene. to Cannabis 57,888 kilograms.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister welcomed the donation from the MDC of Mawlai for the refugees in the state who have been affected by the natural disasters in the past months. .
Regarding the delivery of food items, the government will inform the public Regarding the COVID-19 patient, the Prime Minister said that one of the family members of the patient came from one of the countries. The government is conducting an investigation into the incident.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Seng Kur of Khmah Lyngdoh Mawphlang will honor the students of the Kur who have passed well in various examinations for the year
On the other hand, the union said that the residents are in trouble because private vehicles have taken advantage of the fare especially at night and on Sundays when there are no vehicles.
At the same time, the party will not wait for the government until it implements the ILP. The party will soon launch a leaflet on how to curb the smuggling of people. I don't have a bar in this state.
This was stated by the president of the party, Lambokstarwell Marngar in a statement.
After that, they also tried to fall under the Rynjah, but they were rejected.
Answering additional questions, the Minister said that so far T.16.96 crore has been spent for the construction of houses and T.5.77 crore has been allocated for the construction of roads and rings inside the university. this land is 100 acres.
The Seng also demanded that the state owners should be allowed to apply for jobs.
Noting that the agreement with the ASHAs from the first day has been clear that it is only a voluntary work, she said that there has been no promise to pay salary or promise beyond that if the ASHAs. work.
However, unfortunately, without turning to the rural areas, there has been no thought to improve the roads.
There are 28 states and 8 union territories confirmed to attend the meeting and 450 people from all over the country will attend the meeting.
As a group, they are still on the right track and so far the direct action of COMSO is on the right track.
On the other hand, religious groups and singers have decided to come together to hold a song this morning at 5.00 pm at Khyndailad and this is one of the ways to inform them. The people should end this violence against women and children.
Shillong, November 22: U Bah Denice Siangshai today filed her nomination papers once again for the Lok Sabha MP election.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister said that it is very difficult for people to accept any new job. Only 45% of the land belongs to Shillong but 65% of the land is still cut as usual. The government will not force them but wants to see that the cut should be clean.
This demand came after the residents of Khanduli West Jaintia Hills were attacked and blocked from accessing their farmland in the Karbi areas of Assam.
Shillong, June 08: Twinklely Grae Iawrod, a young singer from Mawsynram, has come forward to express her gratitude to the All Meghalaya Dancer Association (ADA) for being a member of the All Meghalaya Dancer Association. to look after the welfare of the talented people of this State in the field of competition so that they can showcase their talents in various competitions across India.
Regarding the congestion in Shillong, he said that various parts have been identified as Multi Level Parking Lots and Hawker Zones.
Sesame Workshop India is one of the world's leading organizations that has introduced new techniques related to the education of children to be in line with the education as well as the in terms of understanding of what is being taught, and what is also very evident in the area that has been able to appear in terms of the training given to children's caregivers as well as children in India and all over the world.
“Ka Seng Khasi stands to preserve the religion, customs and traditions of the jaitbynriew on the basis of 'Tip kur tip kha – tip briew tip Blei' and to 'Love yourself and respect others' “And such irresponsible actions, however, have evil intentions behind them and lead to misleading the nation as a whole with the intention of dividing it,” said the statement.
This is the intention of the Assam government to commit these crimes on the border.
In a short period of time, the group has tried to do its best to highlight one of the pillars of the journey through the rynguh ki ryngang and bniap of Myllung in his writing. The performance will be held among other programs organized by the Department of Arts and Culture, Government of Meghalaya, from 2 – 4 pm, on the 18th November, 2017 at Soso Tham Auditorium. .
“This is a training for the Government and future Governments so that in terms of construction works for PHCs, CHCs and Sub-Centres, there should be guidelines from the Government. part of all the buildings so that it can be provided according to the need especially the difficult parts which may be encountered from time to time,” he said.
Jowai, Nailar 30: The Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) has faced difficulties not only in paying the employees of the office due to lack of income, but now they have to rely on the assistance of the government.
On the other hand, the AMDC said that this allegation against Bah Himalaya Shangpliang is groundless and this is just an exploitation and incitement by someone to defame. The AMDC Labwah Unit urged the AMDC Labwah Unit to reveal the facts and not to insult anyone. The AMDC strongly condemns the perpetrators.
Speaking to reporters, the Chairman of JACBOM urged all the leaders who have such responsibility for the community, especially the many civil society organizations, such as HITO, to Think carefully because this present struggle is for the future generation.
Another bus was sent to evacuate the passengers.
The appointment of Rao IAS in 1987 has prompted Bah Hector Marwein IAS in 1985 who preceded him to lodge a complaint against the MDA government led by Cornad.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The Khasi film 9-Lad has almost come true as the film will be released to the public. The film will be held on the 28th of June at Bijou Cinema, Shillong. This was confirmed by the Director and Producer, Commander Shangpliang.
Shillong, Naitung 18: Police have arrived at JDU Cement in East Jaintia Hills on Monday night to resolve a clash between the employees and management of the dewbilat factory at this bag.
The Chief Minister said that today he will hold a meeting with government officials to discuss the outbreak of COVID-19 in other countries and the government wants to ensure that it can continue its work. that it may not spread.
The total number of recoveries today is 311, 234 from East Khasi Hills, 51 from East Jaintia Hills, 16 from Ri Bhoi, 7 from West Garo Hills and 1 from West Jaintia Hills. there were 3654 of them.
“The seminar was opened by the DC of West Jaintia Hills, PS Dkhar. Many scholars and intellectuals from within the state as well as from outside the state delivered speeches.
As a group, we have to organize because the parties have their own way of working, HANM, HITO, KSU, FKJGP, RBYF, HYC etc. have their own way of working. Districts also have organizations like the JSU and others which have their own way of working but in this important area, this area requires cooperation.
These Congress MDCs in the KHADC are Proces T Sawkmie, J Tynsong, Lamphrang Blah, D Kharwanlang and Manstudy Nongrem.
On the other hand, the government has ordered to look into what can be done for this power generation.
On this occasion, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh also donated 1 lakh tyngka to the Sengkynthei to carry out their activities.
He also asked whether the Khasi language has been taught in schools and colleges. The Khasi language has been taught in schools since 1842 and now it has reached the University. The Khasi language is not spoken by other people, but as it is now, it is spoken by other people.
This thoughtless behavior will seriously affect and mislead the tourists who come to Shillong.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the Parliamentary Secretaries have resigned from their posts. The Krem Tirot Festival 2017 also laid the foundation stone of The Eco Resort at Nongkhlaw on Tuesday.
Deadline: 7th June
The union strongly condemns this allegation of the SP and demands that the entire police department should conduct a thorough investigation before releasing such false news.
This is for the area where the landslide occurred during the rainy season in Sonapur and a soskular was signed between NHAI and M/s THDCIL on 15/ June/2024 to prepare the DPR regarding the landslide. soil.
Shillong, March 06: The Association of Qualified Grade IV (DSC) candidates of East Khasi Hills District on Tuesday decided to resume their strike tomorrow morning. for.
Under the Betasing C&RD Block, four villages have been affected, namely Rongsang Songma, Chondonpara, Dalbotpara, Purasinga and Betasing Khongpara.
He said that the Seng will not rest but will continue to monitor and raise the issue of the residents and if the authorities do not listen the Seng will take other stronger measures.
Police have arrested 20 leaders of HANM from Mawkasiang and after investigation, released 17 members of HANM and arrested two, the president of the party, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani and Bah Alban Gashnga.
Ma Bashemphang Nongrum, Asst Secretary.
On the other hand, the BSF troops have also taken part in the distribution of the drug in the areas they have prepared especially for their own children who are in the areas where they live.
The annual Lehniam shad Behdeinkhlam of the Sein Raij Jowai, which is held every year, has ended today. 16.07.2014 between the heat and the great storm.
The JSU has expressed its opposition and condemns the speech of the CEM of KAADC and the JSU finds that the speech is ethnically divisive and the JSU will oppose the construction of any building on the site in the name of you are dead.
This work will be completed in November
When asked by SP News Agency, whether there is any plan to set up two types of shopping, one day for the Shillong traders and one day for the rural traders so that the rural traders can don't face trouble.
Larishisha Dkhar of East Jaintia Hills District won the Best Goal Keeper title while Nazareen D. Sangma of West Khasi Hills District won the Best Goal Keeper title.
The discussion was led by Bah Aristotle and Bah Erwin K Syiem Sutnga who spoke on the need to preserve the customs and traditions of the mother and other traditional customs. He was a member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
Shillong, July 23: The KSU Phodkroh has demanded that MeECL should find a transformer in Phodkroh and Mawhatina villages which suddenly collapsed last year on 31st November.
Police together with officials from the Election Department today searched and photographed vehicles passing on the road from Mawngap to Mawphlang and this search and photography was done on the road opposite Mawphlang CHC. When the SP News Agency arrived at the scene, it was found that the Election Department personnel had taken pictures of the vehicles passing on the road and the police had searched and asked the passengers where they were going.
He is the Prime Minister who has reduced the excise duty twice, in January 2022 and November 2021 to T.13 per liter of petrol and T.15 per liter of diesel.
People react against something of mutual acquaintance.
The exhibition is held at the Air Force Landing Ground in Hynniewmer every year to showcase to the public what the Indian Air Force has to offer. to this group of soldiers.
The Dorbar Shnong Mawsynram will not allow others to own this public land, which falls under the jurisdiction of the Mawsynram Dorbar Shnong.
We are also pleased to see that the people of KHADC are also present.
This was announced by Samla Marconi Thongni, President, KSU Ranikor Circle.
Later, he held a meeting with the BSF Chiefs from the North Eastern Frontier to discuss the border security.
Samla Rangbah Raymond also urged the first leaders of this new Circle to have a spirit of dedication for the sake of the Jaitbynriew and to have a spirit of humility.
Shillong, Naitung 10: Leaders of STIEH have met with the leaders of SRT Riwar Mihngi Pynursla and expressed their support for the KSCL 2nd Amendment Bill At this meeting, the SRT expressed its full support and cooperation to STIEH on its invitation to them to come and work together for the demand for approval. It may be recalled that at the meeting of STIEH at the National Dorbar Hall on the 3rd August, one of the leaders of STIEH invited the SRT to join hands. The SRT Riwar Mihngi Pynursla has come forward to express its support and has also sent a letter of confirmation.
The KSU has urged the CEM to take action on this issue.
This is the notification of the Central Government, “G.S.R 219(E).
It is to be recalled that the Legislative Assembly at Khyndailad collapsed in 2001 and the construction of the Legislative Assembly was going smoothly but on 22/Jymmang/2022 the Dome collapsed and now the work has resumed.
These four men are involved in the merciless rape of the woman,” said Abraham, adding that the suspects will be tried in court tomorrow.
The race was inaugurated by the Vice Chancellor, Prof.SK Srivastava who himself took part in the race and awarded prizes to the winners.
Within the party, there has been a confirmation of the office bearers of the party after the committee of the party has already met to discuss the work and as the party have discussed in detail regarding the COVID-19 pandemic. -19 which has affected the world, the country and the state as a whole.
The Village Administration Bill 2014 is outside the powers of the Sixth Schedule under Paragraph 3(1)( e),(f),(g).
The winners of the exhibition were Synod Higher Secondary School, Jaiaw Presbyterian School and Christian Academy School. .
The JSU-WJC wrote, “We are surprised that the BSF, which also has a camp nearby, has been watching without stopping this.
T Wahlang Organizing Secretary of the party said that the detention of the party leaders for 14 days in police custody is against human rights.
All those who pass these examinations have been directed to be appointed to the ranks of IAS, IFS, IPS and other central government posts in Group A and Group B.
In this regard, the village will search for the perpetrators as this has brought shame to the village.
It also shows the commitment of the society and the Government towards cleanliness.
Within hours of the installation of the electrical wires, MeECL employees found that it was Ajmera Marbles shop which had stolen electricity from the homes of the residents.
On the other hand, Kong Agnes Kharshiing, president of CSWO, said that the sale of land in the area has reached 3000 acres as accepted by the land buyers.
Dohling said that we don't need the khla in the newspapers but we need the leaders who show by their actions. The KSU is still standing on this basis.
She said that there are rules according to the National Health Mission NHM regarding the payment of ASHAs and this rule applies throughout India.
The Investigating Officers and lawyers of the Government do not comply with the NDPS Act, those arrested are released on bail,” he said.
On the other hand, Brig RV Singh, Deputy Director Recruitment, NE States, briefed the Governor of Mizoram on the recruitment process in the Indian Army.
This is according to a statement issued by KSU Mawlai Circle Education Secretary Samla Banlumlang Lyngdoh.
“In Meghalaya, there are many forest areas under the jurisdiction of the Syiems and Raids.
The Chief Minister today ordered that plastic and non-plastic waste should be separated, plastic should be collected and used for cleaning the roads. .
In this discussion, all the participants felt that the Sixth Schedule should not be amended but should be maintained as it is now.
In this regard, the MPSC has clarified that only 34 candidates have passed the examination and only these 34 candidates can be called for interview.
If these leaders do not work, the party will not have the basis to fight against the MLA and MDC of Nongthymai.
The song and music video also show and speak about the beauty of the Khasi hills and valleys, which are not seen in other parts of the world.
Shillong, March 31: U Pradip Kurbah today warned against stealing Khasi films and selling them to others. This is illegal. from the side.
Referring to education, the union demanded that the existing NEHU Tura campus should be converted into a full university and the government should open courses like Commerce and Science in colleges. Garo Hills and others related to this era.
Jyrwa said the Government of India has acted unfairly by introducing illegal immigrants from Bangladesh into the North East and passing the Citizenship Amendment Act in citizenship of illegal immigrants from Bangladesh.
The injured were taken to Nonglang PHC and the seriously injured were taken to Nongstoin Civil Hospital for treatment. The Assam police have accused him.
Shillong, Naiwieng 03: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawlai Unit today met with the Minister in charge of Higher and Technical Education, Roshan Warjri to demand that the government should remove the recognition of the Techno. The Global University, which is located on the grounds of Mawli Polytechnic, has taken over the manufacturing facility of the university.
Shillong, Naitung 22: “I have found out that the road from Mawphlang to Mawkyrwat which leads to Ranikor is not a national highway. Delhi,” said Renikton L Tongkhar, Minister in charge of Water Resources.
Speaking at the public meeting to inaugurate the hospital, the Chief Minister said that Meghalaya is facing a severe shortage of doctors. The state has decided to increase the number of doctors in the coming years.
Also present on the occasion were Dr. H Lyndem Director of Health Services, Bah G Dkhar BDO of Mawkynrew Block and many other government officials in the presence of the people of the area.
The District Administration has extended the night curfew for two days on the 20th and 21st of November
The heavy rain started at around 10:00 pm in Shillong and the streets were flooded due to the deposition of plastic and garbage in the streets and streams. heh.
The BSF troops were sent to the state to quell the clashes between the two communities, the Kuki and the Meitei which has resulted in the deaths of people from both sides in the clashes between them. soldiers were sent to stop the rebellion.
Handle said that the loss of pension from 2009 to 2012 is due to the lack of provision in the council's budget. MDCs on the old age pension have to choose only one of them if they want to receive the pension.
This was announced by the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh in his speech at the Multi-Stakeholder Symposium organized by the Drug Reduction and Action Mission (DREAM). The International Day against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking was celebrated on Tuesday.
Shillong, Naitung 05: Police have arrested Weles Umsong, 32, of Nongwar village, Shillong, on Tuesday said that the police have arrested Weles Umsong, 32, from Nongwar.
You don't want to say that we are the ones who killed those people.
Through this visit, he saw with his own eyes that it is very important to preserve this holy place.
This was announced by the Cultural Secretary of the JSU, Samla c.
During the meeting, the Central Government saw that the directives have been implemented in all the States and UTs.
“The competition to market fashion is fierce and therefore it is necessary for designers to think newly and do things newly so that what they produce is marketable," he said.
Shillong, Lber 08: Ka FKJGP Mawsynram Circle has expressed its gratitude to the PWD Road department for seeing the start of the rehabilitation of the road from Mawphlang, Mawsynram to Balat. you're looking for you.
Police from Sohiong Police Station on receiving this information immediately rushed to Mawthlong village to rescue them but as the crowd was too large, SOT Police from Shillong rushed to rescue them. and they delivered them out of the hand of the multitude.
The victim was identified as Bah Sambun Dkhar, who was driving the truck (NL-01AC-6
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Thursday lodged a complaint with the State Government regarding the harassment and harassment by the Border Security Force (BSF) against traders living in the villages. They earn their living by selling food items in the markets of the border villages of South West Khasi Hills District.
Two footpaths constructed under the MGNREGS scheme in Sarin and Mawpud villages have been destroyed by the heavy rain.
“The insult to the area is too much,” said the President of the party, Bah Syrosse Lamare.
I don't understand how the difference of opinion arose but it appears that Bah JJM Nichols Roy opposed it because it was said that only the 25 Hima Khasi States have signed the IOA & AA while the small British Sirdarships have signed the IOA & AA. 29 villages and 19 districts in Jaintia Hills have not received the status of IOA & AA, and the aim of Rev JJM Nichols Roy was to get a unified government for all the areas. including the Hima Khasi States, the British Chieftaincy and the Jaintia Hills.
That, the media in the state is not working.
Starwin recalled that the party has already met with the Chief Minister twice and the Minister in charge of Social Welfare, Bah Kyrmen Shylla and both of them have promised to release him but until now. they have not yet released their allowance.
He said that in society there is a good role for women because they are the ones who take care of the household and they are the ones who are responsible for the welfare of the household. The society without the women of the village is empty and empty.
Total=1397 pieces.
Those who wish to take part in this contest should submit their names by
Both these vehicles were damaged and the rice in these trucks was also stopped due to the fire of the tarpaulins covering the vehicles to avoid the loss of the rice in these vehicles.
Shillong, July 01: The SDO of Sohra Civil Sub Division, S. Verma, IAS, on Tuesday said that government officials who have been present since the day of the earthquake today have recovered two bodies. who live in the earthquake in Nongpriang.
However, the Chairman, Bah Nongsiej, referring to the same rule, said that there is an urgent need and that urgent need is to verify whether the Executive Committee still has the number of paid members. which frees up the budget.
The child is white and her face is round.
Shillong, June 27: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that talks are underway to have a casino and if there is one, it will be located on the border with Assam. raise funds for the payments that the state owes.
If there is a truth, the law will not leave anyone behind, this will apply to all political parties in the state without anyone being involved.
However, in the midst of this happiness, the fish traders and traders have expressed their dissatisfaction with the lack of immediate report of the Fisheries Department even after testing the fish imported from outside the state to ensure that they are not true. Formalin is injected.
He said that his supporters have looked closely at the political situation in the state and the people want that in 2018 there should be a non-Congress government that can defeat the party. The Congress party is only the NPP and now this demand of the people has reached the Khasi Hills.
Seven persons have been arrested on suspicion of involvement in these illegal activities, namely Youdishthra Bhama of Assam, Ashish Arya of Guwahati, Khrawbok Rongrin of Shallang WKH District and Hopeful Nongtdu. Rymbai Synrang from East Jaintia Hills District, Yaman Bansal from Assam and Eras from Nongstoin.
This meeting was convened because there are some issues related to the District Councils.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: BJP Meghalaya State Unit Spokesperson Himalaya Shangpliang on Tuesday said that the party is very pleased with the implementation of the roster.
Along with the rest of India, Meghalaya on Thursday celebrated its 75th Republic Day.
The President's two-day visit to Meghalaya will be his first since he was elected as President of India. He will also open the 5Meghalaya Games 2024 in Tura. The first time that this tournament will be held in the Garo Hills.
“Those who do not listen and also those who go against this request of ours as the four parties, the four parties themselves will not be responsible if anything happens to them from those who take advantage of our curfew”.
The accused has been remanded in Judicial Custody for 10 years, 6 months and 25 days as of the date of filing of this application on 13.12.2023 and the trial included 64 witnesses, that the trial will continue and the detention of the accused in Judicial Custody will affect the accused who is ready to defend himself for a fair trial.
All these defeats are due to excessive counting on the part of the party.
“The search for others involved in the sale of drugs in this area is ongoing.
Shillong, July 11: The Government of Meghalaya has issued a notice that in accordance with the powers conferred on it under Rule 129 of the Constitution of Assam and Meghalaya Autonomous District Councils Rules, electoral roll for the MDC elections to the Assembly of the Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Councils according to the rules for holding the general elections.
Border issues, the right to protect women, the right to education for young men and women in good schools, tourism, cooperation between India and Australia, to create opportunities for cooperation to talk about Australian Rugby (football), indigenous games and others.
According to the IMF, India has the potential to become the third largest economy by 2027 (in USD exchange rate) and has also estimated that India's share in growth the world's GDP has not increased by 200 basis points in five years.
Speaking to reporters, the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Bah Sylvester Nongtnger, said that in fact, the Investigating Officer (IO) had summoned only the President of HITO to appear before Sadar. Police Station but the leader of the party was accompanied by hundreds of members.
They urged the new leaders of KSU Mawprem Circle to follow the example and example set by the former leaders so that the paradoh parasnam can live in peace in the Mawprem area especially in Upper Mawprem and Mawbah which are the villages where the Khasi are the smallest.
The opening film will be a Malayalam film, Aattam, and in the non-feature category, Andro Dreams from Manipur will be screened first.
On receiving this information, the police rushed to the scene to check the pla.
John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MSPB, said that it is difficult to attract tourists when the roads are bad.
The Monolith Festival was held for the first time in 2013 and for the second time in 2016 and this will be the third time.
This is according to a government report.
The participants were not only the people of Khweng but also people from outside the village.
Shillong, November 10: Chief Justice of the High Court of Meghalaya, Justice Sanjib Banerjee today inaugurated the District Sessions Court at Ampati, South West Garo Hills. Hills District.
The Directorate of Civil Defense and Home Guards has sent two teams to take part in the shooting competition.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today met with Union Minister of Commerce and Industry Piyush Goyal in Delhi. how the state government is preparing to attract investors to Meghalaya.
Shillong, Naitung 08: The State President of the National People's Party (NPP) Dr WR Kharlukhi today appointed Bah Kitborlang Nongrem as the President of the party in South West Khasi Hills District. of Mr. Lastborn.
The Seng has also sent a copy to the MDCs of Umroi and Mawryngkneng Constituencies so that they too can follow up on this matter.
Others who attended the function were Bah Sing Mulieh, Ex-MLA, TTC Marak, IFS, Government of West Jaintia Hills, Jowai. he gave her a word of thanks.
It was not a decision he took without thinking, but he knew it was important in the fight against national security issues.
The department is implementing many programs and initiatives to improve agricultural productivity, increase farmers' income and ensure food security in the country.
There are 5 cases in East Khasi Hills, 2 cases in Ri Bhoi Hills and 1 case in West Garo Hills. to 92326 people.
Referring to the Chief Minister's Housing Assistance Programme, the Governor said that the old scheme has been abolished and a new one has been introduced. ".
Marbaniang has been treated in a quarantine facility because he is suspected to have COVID-19. The hospital has tested him at Marbaniang. related to COVID-1
Total pass rate was 888 for males and 990 for females. Total pass percentage was 68.13%, 32.78% for males and 37.83% for females.
In this digital age, English is the language of choice.
Attendance is not enforced, and this is entirely dependent on parental permission.
Shillong, July 06: The revelation of the involvement of the Mawhati MLA in rape cases has been a disgrace to the Legislative Assembly of the State.
With this assistance, the BSF troops have been able to provide assistance to three people from poor families.
Aliza Begum of Bholarbhita village in Shyamnagar GHADC Constituency has been appointed to the construction of the dorbar hall, but this too has happened as 60% of the funds have already been withdrawn but the work has not started. to work until now.
The office bearers were confirmed by the President of the Association Joe Marwein.
In his speech, Publicity Secretary Dapmain Suchiang urged the authorities in charge of the CHC to appoint a Lab Technician who has been working at the CHC for a long time. This is the reason why the leaders of this area are trying to please themselves.
The PFI targets violence, violation of the Constitution, disruption of peace and others that could affect the unity and peace of the country.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Justine Dkhar, MLA, praised the MSCSO for conducting such a program every year for the development of the skills of the youth in the field of employment. play football.
The distribution today was for all the religious groups in the Constitution, including the Khasi, Sikh, Hindu, Fellowship and other religious groups which have their own places of worship in total. .
The demand for the Khasi Jaintia Development Council has been promised by the Congress government in Assam since 2015 and this has also been discussed with the Central Government's Ministry of Tribal Affairs. The Cabinet Sub-Committee was held on 07th July
Linking the Sun and the Moon with the economic development in the state, Myntri Rangbah Duh said that the development of this airport is as important as the development of the poor.
“I am happy that I have decided to join the UDP and leave the BJP,” he said.
JSU President Edy Pohtam said that if the Umngot Hydro Power Project is successful, it will affect about 400 hectares of land. The NOC, the groups in the JAC are the new owners, the Rangbah Shnong, KSU, JSU, FKJGP, HNYF, Tur.
The Chief Minister said that there are about 200 students from Meghalaya studying in Manipur. Arrangements to bring back the students from Manipur as soon as possible.
With a large network of PrasarBharati journalists, correspondents and stringers, this service will provide news from different parts of the country.
northeast@gmail.com and please send your post to S.Saha, Member Secretary, Ministry of Home Affairs, Room No.172-C, North Block, New Delhi.
The students, along with Bangladeshi government officials, were welcomed at Dawki by the BSF and taken to Mawlyngong, the cleanest village.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has reported 1 death from East Garo Hills District with 1483 deaths. East Khasi Hills has 1007 deaths and West Jaintia Hills has 136 deaths. , 90 people in Bhoi.
Mukherjee said the states should not talk to another state which has a water crisis, this two-day meeting will focus on that and this action of the Meghalaya government is an example, and In 2023, a meeting of the Ministers in charge of Water will be held in Bhopal.
Therefore, there is no record of those who get from UR or open, those who get from Khasi-Jaintia quota, those who get from Garo quota and those who get from OST quota.
In another road accident, an Alto 800 collided with a petrol tanker at Mukyndur, West Jaintia Hills District. The injured were identified as Wanrapmi Pyrtuh, 31 years old. and one 25-year-old Risuk Shylla.
When asked, the General Secretary of the KSU said, “There is no peace, sometimes it comes, sometimes it goes.
According to the latest news, the sudden death of the Lyngdoh in the Mawphlang Hima was due to the sudden stop of the klongsam.
Bah Paul Lyngdoh said many things that should be done to promote the arts in the state, by establishing special awards for the arts and by changing the name of the SICPAC to Lariti.
The National People's Party (NPP) Meghalaya State Unit on Tuesday strongly condemned the robbers involved in the robbery of the residence of the NPP MDC from Umsning Constituency, Kong Macdalyne Sawkmie Mawlong on the evening of the 10th of this month. Mawlein Mawkhan, Sohkyndur, Ribhoi District.
These leaders are only there to serve themselves and the party for which they win elections.
According to the parents of the child, Ms. Riplin Phawa (Head Mistress) of Faith Academy School, Salaroh, Jowai, came to her house to ask for permission from them. If they allow her to take the child to Jowai to live with her, she will send her to school and take responsibility for herself from village to village. Ms.Riplin Phawa (Head Mistress), in the poverty and deprivation of the family, accepted the proposal with confidence because she is still related to them, with the joy that their daughter will When she grew up, they gave their daughter to live with her at Mookyrdup, Ladthadlaboh Jowai.
Only we the residents of the Raid know the problems we face with the Syiem.
Those in charge of sports or language or any other activities, as understood by the Commission's expert panel, shall be included in the list.
Shillong, March 21: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the comments in the groups can be resolved together with the Central Government. groups can be arranged more quickly.
The Charantala Temple in West Garo Hills is an important place of worship for the Hajong and Koch people in the area and attracts many foreigners.
This has led to a strong belief that the country can unite as one in the fight against Corona.
The Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya has decided to meet with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma to express its opposition to all these laws as they are not in accordance with the IOA & AA passed by the IOA & AA. the Government of India, and that they shall not violate the right of ownership of the land.
All of those wins were 5-0.
India has declared 5th November, the birth anniversary of Dr. Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan, as National Teachers' Day. who teaches.
“The Prime Minister mentioned important decisions on human rights and freedom of speech which have paved a new path for the society and economy in the country.
Of the injured, 11 have been discharged and one is still in hospital.
When the SP News Agency visited many examination centers in Shillong, it was found that the schools which take centers for the matric examination have tested the students with a scanning thermometer and the students have to Here's your hand sanitizer.
Due to the lack of Internet, the police department will convene a meeting of all the Superintendents of Police and Commandant and work with government offices to discuss and assist the students in applying.
Sources from the NPP hope that they will win the CEM election tomorrow morning as they won the Shongknor election today, hoping that Benedic will win without any doubt against the Congress candidate.
To count the pata of the children of the thousand, within the Hima Mylliem as a whole and many other matters relating to the census, the annual budget report of the Executive Dorbar Syiem , the market, to explain the rights of the people who live and have land in the Hima Myllirm.
We are vigilant and we will not sleep and we will ensure that such a renewal of the group should not happen,” said Bah Tynsong.
Therefore, consumers, producers of these beverages and foods and the government should come together to help implement these rules in a proper and legal manner for a healthy future.
On the reports in the media that he wants to contest the MDC election, he said that he wants to contest the MDC election. “The reports in the media that he will leave the NPP party are untrue and unfounded,” he said. “Yes, the Congress party has invited me again but I have not. I have accepted the gift now.
“And more than that in almost every program I go to when I speak to the youth, the youth when they are misled are the force of all the destruction in the country.
At the closing meeting today, it was decided to launch the Shillong Declaration on e-Governance after detailed discussions in the sessions held over the past two days.
U Bah PN Syiem said that they should send a letter to the DCA on this issue, and also to the Governor and we will look into the issues that remain to be addressed. know they won’t listen to them.
Minister of State for Electronics and Information Technology.
Raizuddin said the GDTOA is not a party led by Abul Kalam as he has already been expelled from the party for violating the rules of the party. removed from November 22, 2012.
During the meeting, it was understood that they will find ways and means to curb this incident and to ensure that peace and order on the border will be maintained.
In his speech, he urged the Circle to work hard with the knowledge of man and knowledge of God.
In a statement sent today, the General Secretary of the HNLC, said that this is for the information of the public that the HNLC has been illegally registered. The HNLC has sent proposals for peace talks through the media saying that they are ready for peace talks.
On the other hand, according to the complaint of the mother of the child, the arrested policeman said that at the time of the incident, he was drunk.
“The State Government has followed up on this issue from the Central Government on the ILP. The Prime Minister has led the Cabinet and we have met with the Prime Minister and we have already discussed not only the ILP but also the regarding the introduction of the Khasi and Garo languages,” said Bah Tynsong.
The demand for a Greater Garo Land state which will include Kamrup and Goalpara is necessary.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Lamborstarwell Marnger said that this year the KSU has celebrated the Khasi National Awakening Day. This newsletter was distributed to the public today.
Regarding the freight railway, the party agrees that it should be only in Khanapara or Byrnihat. If the freight railway is inside the state, it will help in the trade and from the harassment of the people of Assam. .
After 86 days, on the night of 31st March 2019, it divided Kashmir,” said Bah Sainkupar.
Believing that the youth are the bright future of the nation and education as a tool to achieve it.
The union has felt the need to strengthen its working unit especially on the border of Bangladesh and Assam as these are the most important areas as from time to time they face many problems from the border to the border. you grow you par.
The DC said that the district authorities have arrested seven persons who are the owners of these illegal coke plants. Sec 15 Environment (Protection)Act, Sec 3 of the Explosive Substances Act and Sec 51(1), Benami Transaction (Prohibition) Act, 2016.
At this meeting, the BJP said that the people of the state don't know anything about the Congress party and now the people of the state have started to understand because the Congress party has destroyed it. At this meeting, it was made clear that many of the leaders of the Congress and ethnic parties have started to change their uniforms but the BJP stands on the basis of protecting the country. The country and now the BJP will be the protector of this state and its people.
The Union Minister in charge of Information & Broadcasting, Anurag Thakur inaugurated several programs to mark the Azadi ka Amrit Mahotsav on 23rd July.
She also urged the mothers to avoid giving birth at home but to go immediately to the health centers so that the mother and child can get the best care immediately after birth.
They were filled with a sense of respect for the village and its residents who still maintain and continue traditional practices.
Shillong, July 05: The Publicity Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) Sainkupar Nongtraw, in a statement today, said that the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has been illegally appointed by the government. The party has unanimously proposed the name of Bah Disparsing Rani to be the ksiang in this peace talks.
Other speakers at the meeting were the SDO of Mairang Civil Sub Division, Bah V Swer BDO of Mariang Block.
The Minister said that the date will be announced publicly in the days to repair the bridge or replace the bearings.
He said that there have been many changes for PACS. The 84000 PACS Model Bye-Laws have been passed. Prime Minister Narendra Modi has allocated T.2516 crore for the use of computers. in PACS, where all PACS will be able to process 20 new types of tasks.
The Prime Minister also spoke about Khadi which has sold more than Rs 1.25 lakh crore compared to only Rs 30,000 crore in the last 10 years.
Shillong, Naitung 07: The Meghalaya Transport Corporation Workers Union (MTWU) on Friday decided to continue their indefinite strike even if the management of the The new director will not be appointed.
Many issues were discussed at this meeting on how to protect people from this violence against women.
The group is fighting for its own state of Nagalim in Naga-dominated areas, such as Assam, Manipur and Arunachal Pradesh.
This is just an attempt,” said Dr Kishore.
Regarding this, the Minister said that this cannot be set aside because the government allows all those who should be able to study. schools said the minister.
At present, what the government is doing is that they are giving only 300 tyngka per annum.
During the visit, the Prime Minister told the scientists that he has decided to meet them face to face to encourage them and accelerate their work at this critical time. in pharmaceutical production.
He urged the people not to carry too much money during the election without proper documents so that they will not be arrested by the law enforcement agencies.
For the past 31 years, the HNLC has stood on these facts, on these grounds that the Hynniewtrep people are not part of India.
“The Mawpud crossing in Mukroh, the search for village leaders in Khanduli, the attempt to destroy the medical center in PSiar and the threat/demand for money from the paradoh parasnam living in these border areas of Meghalaya are a threat. the human rights and disrespect for what the District authorities of WJHD and Karbi Anglong District have done in the past years; that they should do it with the knowledge of one another.
Khongiong said the MPCC has set a deadline of 15 days from 31 Aug 2017 for those who wish to submit their forms for the MLA election 2018, after which the MPCC election committee will take a decision. finally on the candidate.
Since assuming office as the Commandant in charge of Internal Medical Affairs of the Meghalaya Frontier BSF in November 2016, she has taken the initiative to ensure the adequate medical care of the troops in Meghalaya working on the border. The state has a 444 kms border with Bangladesh.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Co-Director of the company, Allan Joy, said that they have started these air ambulances from Umroi Airport and if the weather is not good, they will operate from Guwahati Airport.
In his speech, he said that the state has a dispute with Bangladesh and Assam which still needs to be resolved. .
The Symbut Myntri Rangbah said that those who violate the rules laid down by the government will be punished under the Pandemic Act.
At the HLC, the Congress MLAs who are Government Ministers have participated in the decision and at that time they did not give any opinion on the introduction of the Meghalaya Regulation and Verification of Tenants Bill 2013 but suddenly they supported the ILP. Suddenly after the election they withdrew their decision, this shows that they are not serious about the issue of influx.
Shillong, November 17: According to the figures released by the Ministry of Sports of the Union Government regarding the allocation of funds for the development of sports activities in all the States and Union Territories of India. It is clear that Meghalaya is the state which receives the least amount of funds from the Central Government.
The mixture was still on fire when this group arrived.
The Prime Minister said that those who do not claim to be leaders by calling for curfew in the name of the students, said that the distribution of these Tablet PCs today will not be meaningful. if peace cannot be achieved.
It may be recalled that during the KHADC dorbar synrai, the House has decided to set up a House Committee in which MDCs from both sides will visit the KHADC. a place to meet with the community.
In a statement sent to the media, the BJP said that the award of Kong Silbi Passah is another milestone to recognize her outstanding contribution to music and dance. music.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: U Bah Himalaya Shangpliang, who has been elected as the MLA of Mawsynram, has followed up on the construction of a bridge at Mawkhnai River in the village of Phlangwanbroi before reaching Tropleng.
It is useless to proclaim patriotism in the streets if we don't have a clear foundation.
States may recognize ‘Industry; Logistics, to open up opportunities for participation in financial services.
On the other hand, Bah Majaw President of JYF Sengkmie who led the meeting said that the appointment of Ex CEM of JHADC Ma Madonbai Rymbai in the Council in the past months has been outside the rules of appointment. The Council has affected and angered all the youth of Jaintia Hills who have been sitting at home without jobs because they have not received accurate information on the number of vacant posts in the JHADC. The CEM of JHADC said that there is no need to appoint new posts in JHADC because there is no seat and where can we accommodate the employees when the Council is overcrowded? said Ma Thombor Shiwat CEM of JHADC. Therefore, the two parties urge the CEM of JHADC to take the necessary action by showing the budget provision of the Council. by deeds not only words, but deeds speak louder than words, concluded the statement from the two parties.
With these three goals, Shillong Lajong have scored three points from the match and are now in sixth position in the I-League table. season.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: Answering a question by Grace M Kharpuri, U Bah Donkupar Sumerem, Head of Development Works, KHADC, said that there are 22 projects of the KHADC. only the old.
Shillong, July 9: Tura MP Conrad K Samgma today met with the Head of Niti Ayok to discuss the funds released by the Central Government to the three District Councils. in the state of Meghalaya.
This training program is specifically for the cultivation of Oyster, Button and Shitake so that the farmers of the area can better understand this type of farming.
This was announced by KSU Balat Border Area Unit.
He said that in the next few days, the HYC will send a letter to the Cantonment Board.
The order said that the Governor has given special permission to amend Rule 141 of the Meghalaya Financial Rules, 1981 to withdraw money and pay salaries of officers and employees, as well as pension for November 2023.
The heavy rainfall has also caused floods in Bajengdoba and Resubelpara in North Garo Hills District where water has risen to villages and people have had to leave their homes.
At the time of writing of this news, 117 students including three students of RIMS in Imphal have returned today, bringing the total number of students who have returned to .
The department has also conducted training for them so that they understand how to put the safety of the residents first.
The girls were rescued from the house of Jaynie Ningring N. Sangma at Danakgre, on the outskirts of Tura.
BJP Kisan Morcha President Ralden V Shabong was also present to support the NDA candidate. Mewanker Lyngdoh who have worked tirelessly to seek support for the candidate.
If we think and ask carefully how sad it is for our country and nation.
and Lakhon P Sungoh (HSPDP),
The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly has the power to speak to the Central Government because the seat he holds is a seat in terms of the Constitution of India. he.
The Christmas Carol began with a prayer by the Parish Priest Rev. Fr. Teibor Lyngdoh and ended with a prayer and drink.
Regarding the explanation of the Minister in charge of Food and Civil Supplies, the union cannot accept to say that they have not given anyone the job of purchasing sugar. You are the reason why you have a complaint to the court.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Lambor said that as the MLA of this area, he has already given his approval to build a hall in this area so that the SJSSO can provide the hall. training the youth to stand on their own feet in various fields.
Meanwhile, the President of AITC Baghmara Block has sent the same complaint to the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) Dr BDR Tiwari.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 200, with 2 cases in East Garo Hills, 62 cases in East Khasi Hills, 1 case in North Garo Hills, 18 cases in Ri Bhoi, 1 case in South West Garo Hills. 102 cases from West Garo Hills, 6 cases from West Jaintia Hills and 2 cases from West Khasi Hills. -19 positive cases so far 94305, 92510 recoveries and 1595 deaths.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on 11/02/2020 has reshuffled the Ministers of Home Affairs from James K Sangma to Bah Lahkmen Rymbui of the UDP. Regarding the District Council, James K Sangma has also removed the post and handed over to Bah Hamletson Dohliang to look after the DC(A).
According to the order, three IPS officers who have been promoted to the rank of Deputy Inspector General of Police are Dr Raghvendra Kumar MG, Ramesh Singh and Claudia Anne Lyngwa.
During the two days of the special session, the EC will introduce four bills, the first amendment to the Khasi Social Custom Lenaege Bill,
He said that no matter if the government forgets, what is needed is that the government should relocate those who live in this area in order to bring peace and stability in the state.
Out of the 16 persons involved in this case, police have arrested 15 persons and only one person has been arrested.
On the other hand, Mrs India 2015, said that as a team, we need the help of the public in connection with the trip of these three young girls to take part in this pageant. country.
The program was conducted by the West Jaintia Hills District BJP Mandal and was attended by former MLA of War Jaintia, Bah Riang Lennon Tariang who was MLA from this constituency from 1998-2 He left the UDP in 2016 after the UDP withdrew his name from the Council Executive Committee.
This will bring light to many and will contribute to the future where the people will no longer remain in wonder and surprise as they have been until today.
Many CEMs have come and gone but the Hima Dorbars of the Federation of Khasi States have continued to this day.
Shillong, Jymmang 3: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya today convened a meeting to discuss the current situation of COVID-19 in the state.
To strengthen the agriculture sector, it is necessary to reduce the import of foreign goods. reasonable price.
On the other hand, the CE said that in Mawsynram area, the department is facing a big problem as it is only the Sub-Division which is responsible from Lyngiong below Mawphlang to Maheshkola under Ranikor.
While welcoming the players at ISBT, Tura, the Meghalaya Grassroots Music Project performed a song for the tournament and to encourage the players to participate in the tournament. play well.
During his visit to Ramakrishna Mission, Laitumkhrah, the Governor spoke to Swami Hitakamananda, Secretary RKM, Laitumkhrah and paid tribute to Swami Vivekananda and Sri Ramakrishna Paramahamsa.
On the other hand, Bah Kharkrang, Chief Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, urged the people of the state not to succumb to such insults and lead to kidnapping.
Speaking as the Chief Guest at the two-day seminar organized by the Khasi Author Society on the topic, “Khasi Language, Literature and Culture,” which concluded on Saturday, “There are three 'K's' that emphasize and identify our snap as a nation.
Furthermore, it may be recalled that there have been complaints in the media regarding the lack of funds and the inability to start new projects due to the lack of funds from the central government.
The award ceremony was attended by the Minister of Education, Meghalaya, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui and the Director of NIT, Dr BB Biswal.
The Pradesh Election Committee, Meghalaya on Tuesday held a meeting to discuss and discuss after receiving the names of the candidates for the Lok Sabha elections from Shilong and Tura Seat will not be held this year.
The letter sent by the CMJ University is No.EDN.142/2009/6
He spoke about the major achievements and activities of the Dr Kalam Center over the years.
He said that the coming of this Parliament is an opportunity to achieve the aspirations of the people of India and said that it is an important opportunity to reach new heights. you have a new faith.
The RDA also said that there is an urgent need to amend the list of ST and SC in Meghalaya, the establishment of the National Forum of Tribal Legislators, to oppose the implementation of the Uniform Civil Code (UCC), to introduce strong laws to punish those who insult or discriminate against Christians and other groups, to pave the way for the establishment of the Khasi Cultural Institute; The Seng Khasi and Sein Raij will work hard to grant Minority Status to the members of the Seng Khasi and Sein Raij as part of the preservation of the traditional beliefs. Tirot Singh, Kiang Nangbah, Pa Togan Sangma, Phan Nonglait, Sngapsing Syiem and others, it is necessary to include articles about them in NCERT books, to explain the The Government of India has decided not to implement the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) along the border of Meghalaya and to express its strong opposition to any attempt to impose on many issues such as language. the imposition of Hindi Language, One Nation, One Religion, One Nation, One Culture and other policies that discriminate against the minorities in the country. India, to also take care of the welfare of the Khasi and Garo people living in Bangladesh.
Those schools which have already sent applications for the post of science graduate teachers to sanction science teachers but the government has not yet done anything on these schools which need to sanction posts so that they can get some assistance in the service. this what school.
N.Syiem before unveiling the flag as a sign of the beginning of the election campaign by the youth in the presence of Bah Emlang Lytan, Working President PDF, Samla Auspicious L Mawphlang, General Secretary of the PDF, Bah James Sylliang, candidate of the PDF from Mawhati Constituency and other leaders and members of the PDF.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: Shillong Police on receiving a tip have raided a hotel in Shillong called Bela Lodge. Five nuty women and men were arrested.
He expressed his readiness to assist and talk to the Government of India, and invited Bah John F Kharshiing to Delhi to discuss the issue.
Rev Father Michael Makri congratulated all those who took part and participated in this tournament which reached the Grand Finale this evening.
The HYC in the petition said that the HYC has not seen that the government has not taken any action to curb the illegal entry of foreigners. He said that the government has been stingy in this regard to protect the people of the state and the railway line is only to bring more foreigners to the state.
Speaking to reporters, he said that if the central government can grant ILP to Manipur, what will happen if it grants ILP to Meghalaya? He said that Mizoram has three District Councils but it has not yet received the ILP. The President of India has urged him not to give his approval to the CAB, 2019 which has been passed by both the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha. This Bill is against the Constitution of the country under the 14th and 25th Articles of the Constitution.
Mawkyrwat MLA Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar on Saturday held a meeting with the aim of curbing the spread of drugs in South West Khasi Hills. The Rangbah Shnong, the Syiem of Maharam Hima, the MDC of Mawkyrwat, Bah Carness Sohshang, Bah Robatjone Kharjarin, Lawyer, Women's Wing, Village Youth Wing and all the civil society organizations. There are also church groups in South West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, March 27: The mid-term MLA elections for the three MLA constituencies, 13-Mawryngkeng, 24-Mawphlang and 47-Rajabala, have ended today. of attracting voters from 13 candidates.
The union has expressed its strong opposition to smuggling on the India-Bangladesh border especially during these times of COVID-1
In the course of this school, Bah Martle N Mukhim, former MLA and current MDC, is one of the pioneers and pillars of the school, which provides services to several villages like Mawdulop, Mawsir, Ksanrngi. and others.
Despite this natural disaster, more than 100,000 devotees from all over the parishes in the state including Shillong, Jowai and Nongstoin have attended.
The program began with a welcome speech by Dr Larilin Kharpuri who briefed everyone about the purpose of the program and also explained the significance of the book launch as it is related to the cave located in Mawmluh.
Only people who match the blood group can donate and receive blood.
In this second phase of the border talks with Assam, when we turn to the West Khasi Hills District, which you have been appointed as the Chairman of the Regional Committee, you understand that it is the Langpih area. don in the judgment of each other.
The ceremony was held at the Soso Tham Auditorium Shillong in the presence of RV Lyngdoh MLA, PN Syiem MDC, Charles Marngar MLA and others. others.
In a statement, the All NEHU Workers Union (ANWU) has decided to extend the temporary suspension of the strike for another five days from the 11th of this month. /07/2022 to 15/07/2
The 31% GST rate for 334 items before the GST has now seen a reduction in the tax payable.
Making a presentation on the objectives and goals of the Bill, Shri Rajeev Chandrasekhar said the proposed Bill aims to help India achieve the goal of becoming a trillion-dollar digital economy and be a significant trusted player in the Global Value Chains for digital products, devices , platforms and solutions.
Speaking at the meeting, hundreds of UDP supporters gathered to witness the party's announcement that Dr Aman will be the party's candidate for the 2023 MLA elections. , urged the office bearers not to become involved in politics.
Young children have been treated without respect and have been beaten until they have dared to take such decisions.
According to police, the woman is believed to be under 35 years old. Police have not yet identified the name of the woman.
The meeting was attended by the officers of the Election Department of Sohra Civil Sub Division and the SDO of Sohra. the election.
During the question and answer session after the training, all the women who spoke said that due to poverty they will not be able to raise money.
The meeting was held after the residents of nine villages in South West Khasi Hills District have been facing problems due to the lack of electricity and broken transformers for several months.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: Under the Joint Action Committee, the teachers, students and staff of North Eastern Hill University today held a march inside the university. Thousands of students and teachers took part.
On the Mawphu side, it has 93.10 Ha in the Thiedieng area.
KSU South West Khasi Hills District would like to remind you of this issue that we have raised before you. and that is to pave the way for the Government to bring in an SSLC Examination Center in this area so that it will be convenient for the students of this area.
The BGB should not encourage its personnel to enter India to cause incidents among the people, if they do not enter, the conflict will end.
The KSU suggests that if education is to be improved especially in the rural areas, 100 per cent of the teaching posts should be allocated to the Garo in Garo Hills and 100 per cent to the Khasi-Jaintia in Khasi Hills. bad Jaintia Hills.
As a child, I remember that there were many soh ñiamtra in the village, but now they are very few due to the change in the weather.
Shillong, Nailur 14: The Director of Health Services (DHS) today confirmed that two persons have died of COVID-19, bringing the death toll to 28 cases in the state.
He is also a member of the Agriculture Center and Sericulture of Chirang District.
The Infiltration Gate and the Infiltration Department, which have been in existence for many years, have not been able to prevent the entry of mynder. to prevent the entry of illegal immigrants? it is not yet clear.
Such programs were held in the Gram Panchayats of Umlangshor and Mukhla Nongrim in Thadlaskein Block.
Both the Bills introduced today will be discussed in detail on the 22nd of this month before being passed.
Shillong, Nailur 01: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday said that the Village Administration Bill has not yet been passed as requested by the Chief Minister. Dr Mukul Sangma after a meeting with members of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs.
Speaking at the meeting, MSSASA President Aristotle Rymbai said that the Minister of Education has doubts that the Meghalaya government has not yet paid the salaries of the teachers. stayed five months.
It is to be recalled that the State Government through its C&RD Department, since last year, has approved and announced publicly through Notification No.CDD.129/2014/3 2016 and also changed the name of Khliehriat C&RD Block to Wapung C&RD Block but until now, it has been almost 3 months since the office has been operating under the same name. in the dark.
Ms Lyngdoh said that the Government has been able to reduce the mortality rate during pregnancy and all this is through the cooperation of the public and health workers.
This day should be celebrated by all women, including girls, in their homes.
The program was opened by the Headmistress of Kymprup Sec.
Shillong, Nailur 24: The Union Minister of State for Food Processing Industries, Prahlad Singh Patel, who is also the Minister for Jal Shakti, today inaugurated the North East Summit on Food Processing Opportunities. Shillong, Meghalaya today.
The State Bank of India, SBI Laitumkhrah Branch and SBI Secretariat have been allowed to open for government business while other banks have been allowed to open on 31/5 2021 and 1/06/2021 until 4.00 pm on these two days.
On the same day, KSU members tried to block the Shillong-Guwahati highway at Shangbangla with the intention of burning down vehicles at this place. from Byrnihat have arrested the police who were trying to arrest the suspects.
The MLA of Rajabala today visited the villages affected by the floods and many roads have been damaged. be destroyed.
The Chiefs of the four Himas in their letter spoke about the visit of the members of the Regional Committee regarding the demarcation talks in the areas under the jurisdiction of the Regional Committee. West Khasi Hills District.
He said the government is ready to have its own Agriculture Policy as demanded by the HFU. farmers through any benefits to receive from the Central Government.
Nongstoin, Naitung 04: The government has delayed the construction of the road from Nongstoin to Mawiawban which connects with the By Pass of the National Highway 44(E) which is only 7 kilometers away. This road connects Riangdo Shallang to Garo Hills.
Residents of 4mer Shiteng, Upper Shillong were shocked after seeing the flames near their houses from the nearby forest.
New Delhi, July 26: Under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the Union Minister of State for Defense and Cooperation, Amit Shah, today said that under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the zero tolerance policy against drugs will be implemented. adopted by the Ministry of Home Affairs has achieved successes now.
The NEVF was set up as a close ended fund with a target asset of T.100 crore.
New Delhi, July 30: India is a country of distance and unity amidst many differences is our nature.
The Government has to find ways how to raise funds to pay for the jobs, as it is now the demand of the Adhoc teachers the Government has a feeling for them to grant the demand for jobs. to earn money you don't have to collect taxes.
MePDCL together with FEDCO will be present on the occasion where the public can also ask any questions on the issue of handing over to the private sector to manage the consumption. The light in Mawsynram Division.
After the arrest of Nurul Haque of Gamari, Ramkrishna Nagar, Karimganj, who was with the abductee, police have arrested Tapan Malakar of Kailashaher, who planned the attack. They were arrested from Lumkhyriem, Ishyrwat and Nongmynsong. After this, Tapan Malakar from Oakland was arrested for paying money to commit the kidnapping.
According to the Deputy Commissioner of Customs, Bah I Kharkongor, this is the biggest seizure so far as the drugs intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh have cost T.19 crore.
The training was inaugurated by Lt Gen AS Bedi YSM, VSM, General Officer Commanding Gajraj Corps in the presence of Major Gen PS Behl GOC Red Horns Division.
On the other hand, Bah WL Warjri Additional Director at the same time who is the Principal, expressed his deep sorrow without knowing the reasons for the death of this student.
Shillong, Nailar 09: The State Rural Employment Society (SRES) of the Ministry of Rural Development together with the office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District today launched a meeting in the state on the theme “,“ My land, my village" in Nongthymmai Lumthangdieng, Laikroh Block.
Speaking to reporters, Himalaya expressed his gratitude to the Minister in charge of Culture and Heritage, Sanbor Shullai, for inviting him to the meeting today.
During his visit, he met face to face with those who have received this scheme.
After this, the union also visited the PHC in Pdengshakap village, according to the doctor incharge, their preparations are in progress and they have admitted positive cases in special wards while They can but it is very difficult because the treatment facilities are not enough and patients from other diseases are admitted every day so it is difficult and there are also problems.
Regarding this, the party will clarify on this, he said that Bah Renik has always expressed his willingness to participate and I have always expressed my willingness to participate but it has not yet. It is not necessary to discuss when it will end or when to hand over but the party will decide how to do it for the better.
The party believes that there are many types of Article 371 and they differ from each other and if it comes to our state it should come in the form of strengthening the Sixth Schedule and giving special powers to the state. .
On 17th October 2020 he left Delhi for Imphal, on 20th October 2020 he left Imphal for Delhi and on 24th October 2020 he left Delhi for Shillong.
Chawnpui High School, Aizawl with the aim of educating the students about the dangers of drug use, the importance of living a healthy lifestyle and avoiding drugs.
On the other hand, the HTTA leaders said that the gate fee of T.75 per trip and T.75 per trip has affected the passengers.
He said that in the meeting with the Minister in charge of the dorbar, there was a need to have a toll free number so that people can send information to the social welfare department and also from the police department. drug trafficking in Pynursla area.
The total amount allocated for this scheme is T.7,41,68,0
The central theme of today's meeting was to empower women in the economy.
According to the announcement of the Governor at the time of appointment of the Protem Chairman, the Protem Chairman will serve as Chairman within the KHADC until the election of the full Chairman of the House. Telinia Thangkhiew will conduct the election for the post of Chairman.
As it is now, it is said that we have become a minority in our own country and as indigenous people we have to be careful lest our nation lose its dam, which will be a threat to future generations.
Along the road from Mawtungkeng to Ummulong, there has been a lot of mawria in the areas where the road is bad but there has been no maintenance on this road. 6.
This place is the most crowded place in Tura.
The main purpose of the Public Rally was to bring about the unity and participation of the people of the village and at the same time to oppose the snew which have started to grow in these days including alcoholism which has destroyed the society and which has started to devalue the uniqueness of the nation as a whole.
The defeat of Bah Process from Mawlai in the last election was the main reason why Bah Khongwir left the party.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 724, 46 cases have been admitted to hospitals and 74 cases have recovered.
, and paint it, Community and Rural Development Department, Power Department.
However, in any case, these positions are already filled but the Roster statistics correction is necessary so that we can know where we are on the Roster now and in what serial number I'm not going to start,” said Conrad.
Two firearms experts from the Assam Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL) submitted their findings to the Commission regarding the three firearms. bullets extracted from Dhar’s body.
Banteidor said that their election to lead the state has been a great honor not only for the family, the community, the constituency but for the state. He urged them to work hard without forgetting that God will protect them until they return to their own country with joy and happiness. .
It includes the big and the small.
The authorities of these 25 persons have accused the District Administration of trying to disrupt the search for the court.
This is one piece.
Shillong, Nailur 25: A training for farmers on the System of Rice Intensification (SRI) was held at Resubelpara. The training was conducted by the IBDLP in collaboration with the Ministry of Agriculture.
Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi after casting his vote has said that the Congress candidates will win easily this time.
The fine for small companies, or companies run by one person, will be half that for large companies.
Shillong, Nailur 19: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) in a meeting with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Ministry of Home Affairs under the leadership of Samla KS Suchiang, General Secretary of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District, They demanded the relocation of the BSF camp at Huroi.
What has shocked the residents is that on Saturday while the residents were busy buying pets for Christmas, there was a report that there was a bomb in the market. and she stirred up the people to flee.
Codification- A law is a law derived from the traditional customs and traditions to be incorporated into the legislature for the purpose of making full laws and implementing them in the society of the state.
The Chief Secretary, Bah Donald P. Wahlang, the Chief Secretary, Bah Donald P. Wahlang and officers of various departments of the State Government including the employees of the departments. Forest in the evening left to express their condolences to the family members on the sudden death of Luikham.
It does not depend on the King or the ministers of the Empire.
Those who donated aid were from the USA, France and Romania.
After meeting with the family members of the mother who was shot dead by the insurgents , the Minister directed the district authorities to provide assistance to the family This is a very sad incident.
As the residents of the villages above the land for the construction of the dam, who live on the farmland in the area of ​​Wah Umngot since ancient times until now, we hope that it will survive from this land. , and Similarly, the villages downstream of the dam which survive from the tourism through the Umngot River.
Therefore, there is no assurance that the expenditure of Rs 98.25 crore was incurred for works sanctioned by the State Legislature.
Today, some of the residents who passed through this road witnessed this collection of money and they were also able to shondur which was sent to the media of the collectors of money from trucks at Umkiang Police Station. Police Outpost.
On this occasion, awards were also distributed to four farmers who have done well in this work and have been able to improve the farming of insects. These four farmers are Blossom Nongrum, Emai About 50 farmers from Jaintia Hills District, Bitalion Nongneng and Wankmen Thabah from Khasi Hills District attended the fair.
Although Bah Khongwir is no longer an MLA, he has seen the love of the people at all times when the people have given their support to him. Pray for eternal peace and condolences on the passing away of this old man.
Shillong, August 11: U Minister of Home Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh today inaugurated the Nonghyllam Police Station, Nonghylla in the presence of MLA Martin M Danggo, Minister of Road Construction. the state in the presence of the people of the area.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Chief Commissioner in charge of Persons with Disabilities, Dr Kamlesh Kumar Pandey, on Tuesday said that after meeting with officials of the Meghalaya government and organizations Bhalang said he has received information that only 59 persons with disabilities have been employed in Meghalaya under the Persons with Disabilities (PWD) Act.
“In this bright age, no one can stop us from doing anything for the good of the society,” said Bah Latiplang. The decision will be taken to fill the shortage and remove the excessive,” he said.
This will help the country a lot.
After talks with the Minister, Ardent announced that they will temporarily suspend until they meet with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma in these days. the government shall not do what it wants.
The Prime Minister said that in the past there was no such consultation with those involved but it is this government that has now gone to the field to meet with the people and it is the decision of the people after the meeting. mind taken this decision.
In the first meeting, the Chief Minister said that in order to show how to assist the dismissed teachers, the MGLPSCTA has sought information from other states on how to assist the contract teachers and has submitted it to the government. the second meeting the prime minister said he would consider.
The winner of the 1Open Cricket Tournament 2017 was won by the Youth Team from Nongkrem Village who also won the cash prize of Rs.10,000/-. The winner of the final won the prize money of Rs.4,000/-.
His father's dream of having a playground in Adokgre has come true as the work is in progress and is now almost completed.
It is noteworthy that before 2022-23, almost all Gram Panchayats and other equal groups have been able to prepare their GPDPs. In villages, the Panchayati Raj Department has ensured the digitization of panchayat works by introducing services like e-GramSwraj application for all works through digital channels from recruitment to payment .
Bernita R Marak said that until today they have not received any response from the government regarding the strike which they have been holding for three days. continue this campaign.
Shillong, K.Lyngkot 21: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today confirmed that two persons have died of COVID-1 The number of confirmed cases of COVID-19 in Meghalaya has risen to
At this meeting held on Saturday at Majai, it was said that the Majai has been taken over by the Hima Sohra by replacing it with Saitsohpen which is not true and sadly the land has been taken away. from the natives and given to others who are not natives.
In this regard, the BJYM demands that the Chief Minister should immediately punish and dismiss Ampareen Lyngdoh who was the Minister of Education at that time and also to arrest and punish all the Ministers, MLAs, MDCs and government officials involved. in Kane you work.
New Delhi, Nailar 27: The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, in his monthly address on 'Mann Ki Baat' on All India Radio, today sent a message it is clear that bloodshed in the name of faith cannot be tolerated, in any way.
Like all the students of this school, they don't need to pay anything except for the school uniforms.
The meeting was conducted by the President of KSU Nongkrem Unit Samla Kheinkor Kharrngi who explained about the objectives of the unit in relation to the football tournament. I've reached the final.
Shillong, Naitung 06: The Shooting Association of Meghalaya (SAM) today held its fourth pistol shooting tournament at the Assam Regimental Center (ARC) with the participation of dozens of people.
Shillong, July 20: The term of office of the Central Executive Committee (CEC) of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has ended today. all the departments of the party came to take part.
On 28th October 2021, 18 flights were launched under the UDAN scheme. These are Gorakhpur (Uttar Pradesh) to Lucknow (Uttar Pradesh) supported by the state government, Kurnool (Andhra Pradesh) from Bangalore (Karnataka), Visakhapatnam (Andhra Pradesh), and Chennai (Tamil Nadu), Agra (Uttar Pradesh) to Bangalore (Karnataka) & Bhopal (Madhya Pradesh), or Prayagraj (Uttar Pradesh) to Bhubaneswar (Odisha) & Bhopal (Central Province).
Guwahati, June 27: The ITC, which specializes in the production of beverages and food, has expressed its desire to provide consumers with a beverage that can satisfy those who drink alcohol. Umsoh B Natural Juices is made from fruit.
On the other hand, the organizers understand the difficulty in conducting such competitions as there is not a single hall in the state which has been able to hold these competitions as in other parts of the country. In India.
In his investigation, he found that Meghalaya is the lowest paid state.
Our GDP growth has been the highest among stronger economies in recent years and we have many reasons to believe this will continue in 2024 and beyond.
Those who have recovered so far are
The report found that there were 1094 IPD beds (2015-16), and 682 beds (2016-17), which suggested that a larger space was needed to accommodate more patients. good way.
In a statement, the leaders of these two Sengbhalang said that the JSU and JYF have not forgotten or abandoned the issue of ILP until these days. They don't have any part in the demand for another ILP called Modify/Modern ILP, and we don't know that there are many ILPs but we know that there is only one ILP, which we still don't have. stand firm on the ground to demand the implementation of only one ILP under the Eastern Bengal & Frontier Regulation
The public is urged and encouraged to contact these numbers if they have any information regarding the smuggling of large sums of money or any items that can be used in the smuggling of them. voters in this election.
The District Magistrate of East Jaintia Hills District has issued an order on the 12th of this month to implement the order of the National Green Tribunal (NGT) dated 17th April, The Government of Meghalaya has issued a letter No. MG.25/2014/PT-I/186, dated 9th May 2014 from the Principal Secretary, Mining & Geology Department, Government of Meghalaya. announce it somewhere.
It is learned that a machine inside the Myntdu Leshaka Hydel Power Project which can generate 42 mw of electricity has been lost and instead of sending an inquiry, the government has dismissed an engineer and this has led to the protest. in the middle of the engineer.
This means that until 3rd January, all the people of the country will be under curfew.
“We strongly oppose this crime which affects the people of Meghalaya.
Information sharing and Community engagement.
In Anjalee, 93 samples were taken and 6 were positive and in Khyndailad, 144 samples were taken and 6 were negative.
The Kashmir issue has been included in the UN, the Indian government has not allowed even Pakistan to take part in resolving the issue, this is an issue that the Indian government does not accept and respect. international law recognized and enforced by the UN on the right to self-determination.
One of the village officials, Bah VS Lyngdoh, said that the matter will be clarified once the decision of the court is received.
Shillong, July 12: Following the robbery and injury of a BSF soldier in Amdoh village and the arrest of Bangladeshis who entered India to commit crimes, the police have arrested 10 Bangladeshis who entered India to commit crimes. The Home Department has sent more police to Dawki to patrol the border villages.
Speaking on the year of registration, Bah Robert said that the party has two years, one is 1951, which is the year that India has its history. The first survey, another year was 1971, this is when Meghalaya got its own state.
In order to attract skills, the MSDE recently announced the opening of the Indian Institute of Skills (IIS) in Mumbai to be on par with the IIMs and IITs of the country.
Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, Local MLA and Chief Patron of the Club was the chief guest.
The Central Organization for Railway Electrification (CORE) has implemented the electrification of these areas.
Referring to MeECL, Dr Mukul said that corruption has been rampant. He said that it has never been seen that a junior officer will become the CMD of MeECL. The jingle is that they can command as they please.
Other speakers on the occasion were Bah N Munish Singh and Bah Raphael Warjri, in the presence of others who passed away on the occasion.
This happened on Thursday night at 9.00pm.
They said that the recruitment examination within the Rural Bank in the country has been conducted only one examination. He said that if it is in Meghalaya, people from Meghalaya should be appointed and this should be done in other states as well.
As the nation is now in the midst of many struggles, let this patriotic spirit of Kiang Nangbah continue to inspire the people to come forward to defend the country and the nation.
He said that the Mazdoor Union has demanded from the State Government to release the members of the Union who have been arrested on charges of selling Umphniang in the middle of the road. The Government has not been able to do anything about this demand because the case has been entrusted to the Hon'ble High Court which will give a fair trial if those members They shall not be punished according to the law.
The union urges the law enforcement authorities to take action and conduct a thorough investigation into this matter as it affects the dignity of the Garo people, because as a nation they are ready to support and to help those who come.
Speaking to media, KSU Laban Circle President Ruben Najiar said that the KSU Laban Circle has already submitted a petition since 15th November regarding the number of illegal immigrants and the number of illegal immigrants. illegal construction in Mahadev Khola.
At this time, the soldier had gone to buy something from the area and fell into the hands of one of the policemen.
After the capture of Junagarh, he launched Operation Polo, in which Hyderabad was annexed to the rest of the country in just four days.
Regarding the new rules for quarantine at home, it has been decided that those who have tested positive but do not have any symptoms should quarantine for 5 days. and people who have symptoms of Covid-19 should quarantine for 7 days.
The recruitment was conducted by NORCET and he said that this recruitment has deprived the youth of the state who are indigenous people and he said that this recruitment is now. Most of the recipients are young men and only a few are young women.
During the investigation, the arrested Hindus who had entered India said that there has been discrimination against Hindus in Bangladesh and they said they wanted to go to Cooch Behar to meet their families. stay with them.
Shillong, Nailur 05:The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, today congratulated all the teachers, on this day, who have dedicated themselves to their work. .
Shillong, June 22: The two-day Lakhempong or Rah Kynthei festival of the Raid Nongtung Khyriem Hima has ended today in the presence of the Syiem Khynnah and the chiefs. The annual festival is held at Ummat village, a border area between Assam and Meghalaya.
The Seng strongly opposes the decision of the MDA II Government to introduce a railway line in East Jaintia through Khliehriat and the Seng will not accept this at all.
This decision of the central government is all to help farmers get loans at low interest rates.
Shillong, July 24: The Civil Society Women's Organization (CSWO) today sent a letter to the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah WMS Pariat. (L) Justice Rajkhowa has submitted his report to the Meghalaya government in July this month.
On the 5th, a marathon race was held on the theme “Run to Save the Umiew River” and a Drawing & Painting Competition on the same day. the fire of nature.
The Seng also complains about the Grade B and C posts conducted by a foreign agency known as HLL, where many Khasi students are able to write examinations in Guwahati, Jorhat, Dibrugarh and Delhi. .
In one school, the Government appoints only one or two teachers to teach the children and these teachers have to take classes from Nursery to Class-V. West Khasi Hills, although it is a Lower Primary School, the government has appointed only one teacher for the pre-primary children and this same teacher has to take classes for the children for the whole school.
Shillong, Lber 14: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today convened a meeting of the Sports Department for the management of the National Games 2022 to be held in Meghalaya.
This was announced by the Cultural Secretary of the JSU, Samla ChebhaPassah.
The confirmation ceremony was held at the KSU office in Miawdiangum, Nongpoh, Ri-Bhoi district. The ceremony was attended by Samla Lambok Star Marngar, Finance Secretary of the KSU. .
“If people don't want to be forced, the civil society in Meghalaya is at home,” Saleng said.
In his speech, Bah Sadon Blah President of the HNYF said that this is not the first time that four people have been killed in Langpoih. Sahspiang, and now the village of Mukroh.
Shillong, Naitung 08: U Dr Krishan Kant Paul today took oath as the third Governor of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: A group of 14 journalists from Maharashtra concluded their visit to Meghalaya by visiting the Shillong Press Club today.
Regarding the Sonapur-Borghat road, the government has allocated T.120 crore for the construction of this road about 29.5 km long. various assistance to villages and townships.
Distribution of food items, gas connection, electricity supply, opening of bank accounts, benefits under PM Kisan Samman Nidhi, PM Fasal Bima Yojana, PM Swanidhi Yojana, and PM Swamitva property cards and others.
Shillong, November 02: U Chairman of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem today said that if the United Democratic Alliance (UDA) wants to overthrow the incumbent CEM, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, they should demand the election of the CEM. Pynshngian said that if they can see the signature of 20 MDCs, he will not be able to do anything but he will have to conduct the meeting. If they cannot get 20 MDCs, they will have to wait until the dorbar in October.
: A 10-year-old boy named Kitborlang Marbaniang from Umtangar village in Ri-Bhoi district has been shot dead by unidentified robbers in a forest area near this village.
On this day, the BSF troops marched from the SP's Office to Laitumkhrah and Rynjah.
At the same time, he said that if they come, the party welcomes them and according to the schedule, the meeting should be held first with the party leaders in the state and after that they will meet with the party leaders. .
In fact, the NGT wants the state government to introduce a coal mining system that ensures that it does not affect the environment including water, air and the health of the workers and employees. the people, not to deprive the people of their right to land.
Today, 6962 people have been vaccinated at 246 places, 4838 people aged 18 years and above and 2041 people aged 45 years and above have been vaccinated. people today.
The AJYWO demands that the state government should take immediate action on the problems faced by the students of Kiang Nangbah Govt College. their future because the present no longer exists.
If the government does not do anything about the influx of Bangladeshis, the VHP will not be able to hold protests across the country, Togadia said.
He said that the KHADC in its request to amend the Sixth Schedule by the Central Government has requested for 20 more constituencies. “It's acceptable,” said Bah Nongrum.
“We want the people of the country to see this and get to know about this unique event.
The Seng urges all the MLAs, MDCs, Daloi, Waheh Chong, Sengbhalang and the people of Jaintia Hill to stand together against the railway line until the ILP is granted. The HYC demands that the Government of India and the Government of Meghalaya should implement the ILP which is a means of protecting the Hynniewtrep people, according to a statement sent by the Preios Pale President HYC East Jaintia Hills.
Nine policemen were injured in the incident,” said the SP. Police have registered a case under Sections 143/144/145/148/152 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).
Explaining about the United Progressive Forum (UPF), Lambor said it is not a political party but a group.
Through this website, the public will be able to get the latest news across the state, across the country and around the world.
The President of India, Ram Nath Kovind inaugurated the Solar Charkha Mission on July 27, 2018 at a function in New Delhi.
Answering questions, he said that they don't know that if there is a need to mine land in the state, they have to get permission from the District Councils. the AMD Act 1962 which states that permission should be obtained only from the head of the village.
Shillong Lok Sabha has not yet announced the name of the candidate for the election. The Central Election Committee of the BJP has announced the name of the candidate. One from Jaintia Hills and one from Jaintia Hills who have recently retired from the government.
Even if they are in the government, only two ministers will be ridiculed by the people and even if they run away, they will be ridiculed in front of the people.
Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie has demanded the appointment of a committee of inquiry to find out the truth about the shooting death of the former HNLC leader who has come to surrender to the police. sun.
Furthermore, there are more than 600 hospitals specialized for the treatment of COVID patients and this is being developed rapidly so far.
There are many changes and lessons that we have witnessed that cannot be mentioned here that we have experienced and understood because of the Covid-19 pandemic.
Shillong, March 9: Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, launched the My City Campaign, a community cleaning drive campaign and also unveiled the ‘Reimagining Streets’ initiative and also participated in a cleaning drive at Dhanketi on March 9, 2024.
He also urged the Chiefs of Raid and Hima especially the villages with many farmers to take action to set up an Agriculture Committee so that they can talk within the villages to be ready in all aspects.
Shillong, July 28: Chancellor of MLCU Dr KM Shyamprasad will soon be appointed as the new Vice-Chancellor of MLCU.
Don't look at the villagers, it will be sad for them because if you look at anyone, it will be a shame to yourself.
Your work will be done exactly as explained by the Chief Minister of the State.
He said the central government has taken more attention on the roads that can connect the two states which has not been taken care of by any other state.
He said that the teaching of the father of the nation Mahatma Gandhi on non-violence will be one of the foundations for peace in Asia.
Shillong, Lber 17: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Sibhi Chakravarthy Sadhu, 1AS, has enforced Section 144 CrPC to ban any kind of protest after the ECI has announced the MP elections to the Lok Sabha. to be held on 19/June/2024 in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District today imposed Section 144 CrPC in the East Khasi Hills District due to the spread of COVID-1
We don't know exactly what Aadhaar is and what its purpose is.
On the day of its release on the 28th, 9-Lad broke all the records of Hindi and Khasi films in terms of gross receipts as it was the first Khasi film to be released. to earn up to T.5 lakh per day and this is because 9-Lad is a beautiful film especially in terms of storytelling.
Police recovered a Carbine, three 7.6mm rounds of ammunition, a Chinese-made pistol, four magazines, two grenades, two mobile phones and T .3,26,500/- was received from the abductee.
At the beginning of the programme, Bah David Laithphlang, President Shillong Press Club said that journalists have a great role to play in providing accurate and timely news that helps the people to make decisions. who are not during the election.
He said that more than 46 districts have more than 10% positive cases while 53 districts have between 5% and 10% positive cases.
Without this amendment, the registration fee shall apply if the property has been registered for more than one year but for less than sixty years, the tax fee shall be 100 tyngka.
The raid was carried out on a complaint by Dr SJ Syngkon (SM&HO) to the police that she suspects that the shop has issued fake birth certificates. .
This fact came to light yesterday after the District authorities of Ri-Bhoi District summoned the authorities in charge of the company at the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District. The company has not been able to produce the documents that it has been authorized by the government to operate the poultry company located at Mawthei and 9mer in Mawhati.
During the meeting, the Minister said that the delay is the land for the construction of the water treatment plant. The remaining work is only for the documents which the village will submit to the water supply department.
The delegation from Meghalaya was led by Bah Amos Kharshiing and Bah Ambrose Lyngdoh.
Announced sports venues and festivals should be set up in advance. When riding in public transport, physical contact should be avoided. working from home should be allowed.
Maitshaphrang has marked the 173rd death anniversary of the hero of the nation, Phan Nonglait by urging the State Government to declare the 6th November as “Phan Nonglait Day”. to honor her contribution and dedication and also to award her as a sign of appreciation.
Shillong, March 23: More than 1,000 people from all over the Khasi Jaintia Hills District today attended the funeral service of Archbishop Rev Dominic Jala at Laitkumkhrah Cathedral.
The Kolkatta Municipal Corporation (KMC) will issue the permit for the construction of the roads on Tuesday and once the permit is received, the AHCL will complete the work. immediately leave this work, that the work may be clean.
Shillong, November 08: Meghalaya today together with the rest of the world celebrated the Human Rights Day in the presence of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma as the chief guest.
The tin/plastic bags seem to be useless because even if they are full and clean, nobody cares.
The BGB and BSF have worked together to curb the smuggling of cattle from Meghalaya to Bangladesh, but these smugglers leave from uncultivated areas or cut the cows in the fields. bag is not finished to be kept.
The revenue shortfall in all the states is estimated at T 1.1 lakh crore.
He also alleged that in Majai, a village on the border with Bangladesh, the documents of the trucks carrying foreign stone are incomplete and Benami. There was a terrible clash between the Bangladeshi authorities and the Khasi residents of Majai.
The flight will be from Dibrugarh in Assam to Pasighat in Arunachal Pradesh and Lilabari in Assam.
Shillong Lajong FC and Assam Police scored each other goals in the 90 minutes.
KN Kumar, in charge of the Ministry of Agriculture, said that India produces only 3% of the world's tied while China produces 46%.
Only 77 pieces have been recovered by the police.
Shillong, June 21: The statue of Tirot Singh Syiem, Kiang Nangbah and Pa Togan N Sangma will stand in a brighter position when it is built on a large statue. in the State Central Library.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has conducted a medical check-up at the Main Secretariat today and will continue tomorrow.
The article also mentioned that as NEIGRIHMS falls under the jurisdiction of KHADC, all businesses must comply with the rules of KHADC where they require a Trading License. to provide assistance to the people of Meghalaya and the North East as a whole.
The purpose of the meeting was to ensure that the agriculture schemes should reach the farmers.
Until the end of the first half no one could separate which left the game 2-2
He said the government has thought of finding ways and means how development works can be delivered to all the people in different villages and places.
It is said that yesterday he spoke to his brother who had died.
Other speakers at the meeting urged all the youth of War Jaintia to walk in a clean path and to respect the elders so that they can improve in all aspects.
His visit to this place was to know how those who are being treated at this place are doing.
MeECL officers said that they will soon install Boundary Metering which will help the department to know how much loss between electricity distribution as at present they said that the loss of electricity is 4%. is happening in almost all the power departments in India, they said that in NE the loss of power is about 3.6%.
Niar came to India in this competition.
When they arrive in Meghalaya, they will be taken to Byrnihat, Nongpoh, Umsning, Mawlai and Mawlai Parish and then to Laitumkhrah Church to be placed for the faithful to visit before the funeral. it shall be held in the house of the LORD.
In another incident, BSF troops arrested two persons and seized a self-made rifle from Chokpot area.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: All government schools will start school from Monday, but with the removal of contract teachers, some schools will not have teachers.
Jha was leaving the office to go to his home in Laitkor.
This was announced by the Minister in charge of Food and Civil Supplies in the Rajya Sabha today in writing, Prof.K.V.Thomas.
However, all the participants expressed one voice that the time has come to improve the spelling of the characters in the Khasi language.
Shillong, Nailar 16: The Dorbar Shnong Khliehshnong, Sohra on Tuesday honored the students from this village who came forward in the results of the examination. Secondary School Leaving Certificate (SSLC) bas Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate (SSLC) of the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE).
On the other hand, the Council urged the government to call for talks with the civil society groups demanding ILP, because only talks can resolve the issues. bring only trouble.
Answering a question on the border issue, Bah Erwin, Chairman of JACBOM, said that as a group, we cannot appeal to the court but it is the land owners who can do this. it is not yet known in what way they will proceed.
According to our information, Bah Eba is only a spy of the Police,” said the HNLC. Expressing that the HNLC is not against peace, Bah Nongtraw said, “The HNLC is not against peace. peace, we are not slaves to slander.
To promote the trade industry, the Government has encouraged people to set up their own businesses by awarding those who have taken the lead. This is to encourage people in the trade industry.
In his speech, Bah Bindo said that this book is very important because it will help the people to get information about the decisions of various courts regarding Meghalaya.
We wrote many letters to Delhi and abroad but we didn't get an answer.
Shillong, November 05: The SSSN on Tuesday met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District regarding the shops selling food items within the boundary of Nongmensong Village. to find out from the inspection of the shops and to find out that they do not have or have not received the price of the food items or the price list we call.
Doordarshan will broadcast programs and interviews with Yoga experts along with a special LIVE broadcast in the afternoon.
A group of Mawshun and Mawthup traders from Dawki area have expressed their gratitude to the Minister in charge of Forest Department of Meghalaya for allowing the transportation of Mwshun and Mawthup from the port. They are not exported to Bangladesh.
, KSU CEC), Bah P.Marbaniang and members of KSU Them Mawbah Unit, KSU Mawlai Circle and KSU Laban Circle.
With this announcement of the elections, the model code will come into force immediately within the District.
The General Secretary of the union, Samla Treibor Suchen, said that the residence of nuit in Jowai is due to the lack of responsibility from the Jowai Municipal Board and the government since the past and this has caused this serious problem.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has requested the World Bank to assist in the eradication of pollution in four districts within its jurisdiction.
Half Marathon 1st Place: T.25,0
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: The President of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Samla Daniel Khyriem on Tuesday said that the Meghalaya Regulation and Verification of Tenants Bill 2013 is a law that can ban foreigners and mynder. This Act is wrong and inappropriate because we have already seen that this Act cannot prevent the entry of foreigners and only the Inner Line Permit can prevent the illegal entry of Mynder and foreigners. bar states.
Other sources said that the National People's Party (NPP) candidate Martin M Danggo and the Congress candidate Jackiush A Sangma have been able to file their nomination papers this morning.
Another incident that went missing since June was reported from Gomaijora, Phulbari, in connection with this incident two persons were arrested on charges of involvement in the kidnapping, but one was not arrested. Somsul Hoque is still missing and police are still searching for him.
Shillong, July 22: The United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM) today expressed its regret over the Ganesh Das Hospital after receiving a complaint from a woman who went for treatment at the hospital. The problem is that the hospital does not have enough equipment to treat the people who go for treatment.
The winners in the category of college students were Riehtngen Rympei of St Mary's College.
After 90 minutes of extra time, the two teams failed to score a goal. The club management played a 40-minute extra time but No one scored after this and it was decided to hold a penalty shootout to get the winner.
Shillong, Nailar 12: The Sub-Divisional Officer (Civil) Amlarem Sub-Division today conducted a cleanliness drive at Amlarem Market and its surrounding areas in preparation for the celebration of Easter Day. luid of the Ri.
The clothes of the militants were said to have been brought and handed over to them in the Telikhali forest.
Kamal Thapa scored 52 runs from 31 balls and Kumar Sewa scored 33 runs from 23 balls.
The college is proud of this student for reaching this level to represent the North East-Bihar Zone of India.
Referring to the government health facilities from Hospitals, CHCs, PHCs where the people go for treatment because the government has allocated money to feed the sick in the government health facilities and the allocation The fee is T.95/- for those in public hospitals.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister of State, Dr.M Ampareen Lyngdoh said that this day is celebrated because we have achieved various goals in life.
The Meghalaya Postal Division is preparing to hold meetings across the state to meet with the people and these benefits will reach the people in every village and household.
Phase 1 of the modern airport has been constructed at a cost of over Rs 1450 crore.
He admitted that the NPP has always had a strong desire to accept the new EC in the Council but it is because of the NPP's courage that the UDP has been allowed for four years and now it has become the new EC. The NPP has not accepted the new EC for 10 years.
“National Press Day is a day when we should look at the role of journalists in reporting on issues that affect the people of the country.
Regarding the incident, the government is still waiting for the report to reach the government.
After a long discussion, it was agreed to draw up a draft framework of objectives to understand how to move forward in joint collaboration on sports and to send this recommendation to the the Government of Meghalaya to improve and strengthen the agreements between the Government of Meghalaya and the French authorities.
One of the challenges is the adoption of jaid kpa, this is the threat that comes from within, if the Khasi people are adopted, they will be like other ethnic groups and when that happens, the Panchayati Raj will work. You are from Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the CEM of KHADC said that the KHADC has issued an order to ban the use of plastic bags in all other district councils, such as Byrnihat Market, Laitlyngkot and On the other hand, Pyniaidsing Syiem Deputy CEM of KHADC, said that the EC under the leadership of Teinwell Dkhar has not been involved. on issues that affect the nation.
After receiving the complaint, the police have launched a search operation and seized 17 bikes and a vehicle. The residents also thanked the police for their hard work. to such bikes.
At the same time, the Chief Justice of the MHC congratulated all the government departments involved in achieving this goal through their hard work until the appointment of the foundation stone today.
Shillong, Nailar 04: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today dismissed the new Ministers, Dr Celestine Lyngdoh and Bah Cominggone Ymbon.
Shillong, July 10: Khar Bangladeshis who tried to rob Gilbert M Marak while he was riding a bike to his house in Bagli village, but he escaped. hands of robbers.
Shillong, July 10: The Mawsynram Constituency Development Society (MCDS) has demanded that the Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, who is the CEM, should order all the MDCs to write the letter. amount on plates in the projects that have been implemented so that the public knows the work they have done in the villages.
Sreenivasulu said that despite the various welfare schemes implemented by the Ministry of MSME, it has been found that there is a lack of information about these schemes from the bottom up. from the Government of India did not reach the target group.
If the Forest Department continues to remove the shops of the Khasi in the 7Mer area, how can it allow the foreigners to own the forest,” said the statement.
As a priest, Father Chittoor worked in many parishes in Khasi Hills and was the founder of the Mawsynram Parish.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Stephanson Mukhim, MLA of this area, said that the work of nurses is not easy because they have to face in their daily lives. and the patients and this requires hard work and dedication and dedication to the work they do and the most important thing is that they do the work with a smile on their faces.
Shillong, March 16: The shortage of water has affected the residents of Jaiaw Laitdom for many days now.
The Prime Minister said that the donation from the people who have a pure heart will be a great help in the fight against the COVID-19 pandemic. twitter.
While Ardent Basaiawmoit will contest from Nongkrem, the two MDCs who have joined the HSPDP are Garcy Mary Kharpuri from Nongkshen and Teilinia from Mylliem. Thank you.
of History, Rajiv Gandhi University participated as panellists.
Speaking at the meeting, the President of the Meghalaya ASHA Worker Union, Mirajune Myrsing, strongly criticized the Minister of Health and Family Welfare. The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, said that ASHAs can work for only 2 years while the National Health Mission said that if ASHAs can work for up to 10 years, they will receive a Golden Hand Shake of 20,000 tyngka. rest.
For more information please call 9862510050 and
At the Border Coordination Conference between the two rings, the BSF chief said that this is not just an allegation but they have evidence. It is not clear whether these terrorists are in Bangladesh.
At this meeting, it was said that before giving to humans, it should be given to animals, but now it is given to humans. “It's a good idea to have a medicine because it's been developed by scientists,” said Bah Marbaniang.
Jowai, Naitung 12: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) Sengkmie through its Art & Culture Committee and also its Circles and Units has taken this opportunity to express its gratitude and congratulations to all Congratulations to all the children of Jaintia Hills especially to the children of Niam Trei who will celebrate the Beh Dein Khlam of different raijs, this year
Speaking to media, Bah Lyngdoh said that there is still a lot of work to be done and it is on this basis that the state government has decided to involve the village leaders to assist the police in fight against this drug war.
The Minister of Home Affairs has launched a special website (Sengol1947).
I immediately phoned the Education Minister of the State Government, Ma Lakmen Rymbui to inform him of such an incident and on his part he expressed his surprise and surprise to hear this and congratulated me. He promised that the Government will take care of this issue especially in relation to the people who need education.
Regarding the rumours, the Governor of Meghalaya has refused to appoint an Administrator within the KHADC, the SP News Agency has phoned the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Prestone Tynsong Symbut to ask whether it is true or not. In fact, the Chief Minister said, “Sa Phone”.
Furthermore, the union urged to strengthen the security forces and also that the police department should work together with the youth organizations, dorbar shnongs and so on to eradicate this evil.
The Waheh Shnong of Lapangap Unit, Ma Elias Susngi, Waheh Raid Namdong in the presence of Samla Hababjop Raliang Finance Secretary KSU Lapangap Unit welcomed the new members. Samla Shiningstar Kharbihkhiew while speaking at the meeting urged all the members to cooperate with the leaders.
The party will continue to monitor this issue and will also take all necessary measures to explain to the public about the danger of the railway line.
In this regard, the JSU stands firmly on the ground of strong opposition and will soon submit a memorandum to the State Govt.
He said Pala pretended to be one of the home guards and they started stirring up trouble.
Through the roads alone, the district has become almost overwhelmed by foreigners, which has now affected the income, trade and even the population. and also for the safety of the villagers and how much more if the railway line comes,” said the statement.
Shillong, Nailar 14: The Young Talent Badminton Club (YTBCMD) has honored the 32nd Meghalaya State Badminton Championship 2014 from 7th to 9th of this month. District.
“The Clean and Green Campaign is another target of the government to award clean villages and Iosohksang village received an award of T.5 lakh last year for its ability to He urged the villages to clean up and the prize will be T.10 lakh,” he said.
This lack of clarity in the admit cards has also caused confusion to the students where those who have been allowed to sit in their seats have to be relocated or sent back.
The CEM of KHADC said that many applications have been received by the office but it is not known how many dozens of applications there are because they still have to extend the deadline. that they may submit applications.
After the procession, the Archbishop concluded the blessing and closed the Jubilee Year by bringing and placing the Sacrament to the Cathedral and closing the "Main Gate" of the Cathedral Laitumkhrah.
Speaking to media after the opening of the Mawlai polling station, he said that the MDA will meet next month to discuss the MP post as it is near.
This year's Madhavpur Mela will witness exciting cultural programs from the North East, especially from Arunachal Pradesh and Manipur.
These clinics have doctors, nurses, and pharmacists.
Iawnaw, Mawlong, Pormawlai, Nongdaju, Nongdagong, Khongkhain, Nongshram Sohbar, Rongkhugre A, Rongkhugre B, Shongbiang, Riangju, Pormawlai, and Umdang Songsak.
Branthon A.Marak was awarded for his assistance to a worker who was shot dead by robbers while returning from the market.
The general council of the party will be held for five years to elect the full president of the party.
Shillong, July 03: While the world is celebrating the New Year, drug traffickers have taken advantage of such a celebration, but the police of East Jaintia Hills District have been Police have seized drugs worth T.6 crore and arrested another person.
He said the Government is working to improve digital connectivity in the North East by expanding the optical fiber network.
Prime Minister Duh watched a demonstration of monitoring the work while working using VR and Artificial Intelligence.
The Prime Minister promised that once he has examined the documents, the government will take the necessary action.
In this training, which will be known as the “Winter Workshop”, they will focus on the behavior of the children.
The members of the Riti Academy sent their best wishes to the Governor for his speedy recovery.
He said that if they receive the money from the state government late, it will set up District Councils to implement the development schemes and it will be difficult to issue certificates for the implementation of the works.
Songdongktieh, Photkylla, Pyndensohsham, Assimgittim, Chijongchiring, Trongpleng, Domshken, Mawlongroh, Sarin, Nongkinbah, Nongkinbah, Nongpdengkynbah, Khongjoy A, Chibak, Upper Chibak, Rongchitura, Noah Kutsora, Wengdikgresang Chikoit, Kalapahar, Mawhar and Domsohkhai.
The Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, on receiving information about the incident, visited the house of Bah Khongwir and expressed his condolences. He devoted his life to the public service until his death.
This treatment is only for the wives of the soldiers in Shillong.
On this basis, the union strongly demands the immediate release of him within the next few days otherwise the state will face strong protests. The MDC election will be held soon, said the statement.
On the other hand, Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman of the Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya and the Federation of Khasi States, said that the time has come to demand the Constitution. A clear Shnong, Raij and Hima Dorbar so that the Government authorities can recognize the powers and status of the Nongsynshar from the Shnong to the Hima.
These Bangladeshi refugees who have been staying in Meghalaya for a long time have already received full citizenship since the time of Indira Gandhi so why should the opposition in Meghalaya worry about the Work Permit when it has already been issued? Bangladesh has been in existence for more than 47 years.
The Khasi Disabilities Association (KDA) today protested against the government's failure to implement the 3% special job allocation as passed by the Act.
Two contractors were abducted from Mawiong while the body of Prasata Deka was recovered from Umbir and another was seriously injured and is undergoing treatment.
Shillong, Nailur 02: Shillong Police on receiving a tip that some drug traffickers from outside the state have entered the city, have conducted a search operation in the city. they don't have to worry.
NPP 11, GNC 1, Ind 3 and BJP
He also urged the government to take action on this demand as this PHC is the most important health center for the residents of this area. Many of the women have to go to Ialong to give birth.
Access to electricity in rural and urban areas has increased significantly with rural areas having experienced an increase from 12 hours per day in 2014 to 22.5 hours per day in urban areas. they get electricity 24 hours a day.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The Border Roads Organization (BRO) today celebrated its 61st Anniversary at Nongmensong Shillong. India will celebrate its 75th anniversary of independence.
The CSWO said that as the District Council, cannot protect the government from the forced confiscation of the land of the hill tribes? In fact, the election to the District Council should not be held by a party meeting but by the you must logn without a party.
The Syiem of Manipur has been abducted and detained here in Shillong by the Indian army like Sibsing Syiem was abducted from the road while he was going to church but they forced him to sign the IOA&AA. syndon mar syndep sent this dulir.
The people working in the fight against this disease have brought hope in a frightening situation, but now by giving them the first vaccine, the country expresses its gratitude for their contribution. said Modi.
During the meeting, Union Home Minister Amit Shah said that the new CAB will not apply to the states which do not have Inner Line Permit and Sixth Schedule.
Amit Shah said the task of completing such projects in the region is very important and more difficult.
It is now up to the relevant department and the employers how they can complete the work faster.
The election campaign will be held from 6 pm to 10 pm.
Shillong, Iaiong 05: The BJP has said that the allegation by the Congress leaders against the BJP as an anti-religious party is groundless and unacceptable.
NESO Chairman Samuel B Jyrwa said that although the bloodshed in Manipur has been going on for almost two months, the fighting is still going on from day to day. I don't want to see this bloodshed.
Besides selling medicines related to bam pong, this pharmacy will also sell other medicines related to other diseases as well. Medicines will also be distributed at Ganesh Das Maternal and Child Health Hospital and other government hospitals.
When asked whether the Prime Minister has visited Manipur.
The group was led by Bah Donboklang Lyngdoh and Arjun Sewa as teacher and supervisor.
“Ka seng expresses its deep sorrow over the increase in terrible crimes such as the rape of precious souls by a strong man. , such as the murder of Poipynhun Majaw, President of JYF or a woman like Fullness Lyngdoh by people who have turned themselves into wild animals.
Shillong, Nailar 11: The President of the All Meghalaya Meal Day Meal Workers Union, Bilin Kurbah, on Tuesday said that if the government does not take a decision to increase the salary of T.1000/- per month. days in SSA schools, they will not be able to take to the streets to protest.
Police have come to the scene to investigate the incident and are conducting an investigation to find out the truth about the death of the old man. day.
At this meeting, the members of the CCIB and the land owners promised the DC that they will not interfere in the inspection of the land by the government authorities. nine kilometers in parts of East Khasi Hills.
Regarding the post of Speaker, the House has handed over to the elected Prime Minister to speak to the parties in the government to elect and after the discussion, he will submit the name for the MDA-II. After the swearing-in ceremony, they will meet again tomorrow morning to discuss issues related to the working of the government, said the Chief Minister-elect, Conrad K Sangma.
Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, Prestone said the government today took this decision to increase the price of petrol and diesel and this will come into force from today. shai is the day.
Although it has not yet been announced, the NPP leaders have understood who will remove the ticket and who will replace them. party.
Finally, she quoted Swami Vivekananda's words, "Stand up, rise up and wait until the goal is reached," and encouraged the students to have this attitude in their lives. .
Therefore, the word tiar and atiar is often used to be borrowed from a foreign language, but it is not so and it may be that others have borrowed it from the Khasi language or it may have happened by chance that they the syriem is the way of speaking.
The CAA 2019 has not taken into account the realities of life in the border areas between Meghalaya and Bangladesh and in the North Eastern States bordering countries like Bangladesh, Myanmar, China and Bhutan.
The Prime Minister's reply was to a question whether the government has any intention to reduce the tax on petrol due to the increase in the price of petrol in these days.
Babu BR Kharlukhi proves that the Khasi children do not have their own writing system.
Lapang denied the allegation by former CEM of KHADC CB Syiem after he left the Congress party that the schemes in Nongpoh have been taken away by this government.
On the other hand, the union will not sit idly by if the NEEPC does not listen to this demand.
The union also praises the wisdom and understanding of the DC who has been able to bring peace and order in the district in connection with the issuance of Aadhar Card to foreigners.
If the interviewers have a family relationship , a relative , a neighbor or a close relative of the applicants , they should not be allowed to take the interview don't be afraid to interview.
In this incident, the police have assaulted women shopkeepers inside the MUDA parking lot opposite the SBI office near Khyndailad.
On questioning Ratan Saha revealed that seized tablets were to be handed over to Litan 35 Years of Palpara village under Dalu Police Station and inform that  he had collected this consignment from one Muktar Ali at Baghmara.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister said that the issue has been discussed with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District and the DC of Kamrup Rural District. incident and handed over to supervising officers.
In the presence of the Education Secretary of the KSU Sengkmie, Samla Pynkmenlang Sanmiet who was the chief guest, the KSU Sengkmie on this occasion honored four students from Rangbalang, who have passed well in the examinations. The Maitshaphrang Award was awarded to others.
For PHH rice, 5 kilos per person will be distributed free of charge, for AAY rice, 35 kilos per card will be distributed free of charge;  Non-NFSA rice was distributed at 7.215 kilograms per card at the price of 13 tyngka per kilogram.
Shillong, Lber 10: The Minister of State for Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri today honored the finalists of the 76th National Football Championship Hero Santosh Trophy at King Stadium. Fahd International Stadium in Riyadh.
“This is just an attempt by the police to mislead the people,” said Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw General Secretary and Spokesperson of the HNLC in a statement sent to the media.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister said that the police have investigated the incident and have not yet been able to identify the perpetrators. there is investigation to prove it.
During the visit, the officials of Nongkhlaw Hima on the 21st of this month, found that there has been a border crossing by the people of Assam from Barigoan village, who have come to invade the land of The areas invaded fell within the jurisdiction of Raja Khomai, Belahari, Raja Bala. These are the villages of the Nongkhlaw Hima.
Principals of schools in Jaїaw and Mawkhar areas were also requested to send all Class IX, X and XII students; KAS urges everyone to come out for this cause to promote and recognize the Khasi language.
According to the information of the army, some villagers from Dibang village who came to the dense forests of Roing from Dibang village and when they saw the nar appearing on top of the thah, they informed. to the police.
