Thanks to the quick response of the fire brigade, these two offices were rescued from the fire.
According to the rule, all government employees must submit an account of their assets before the 31st of October each year.
Who is responsible for these tragic incidents of those who have been involved in such incidents?
When asked how confident the VPP is to win the Shillong seat, Dr Chen said, “As a political party once it enters the state, whether it wins or loses does not depend on the number of MLAs because they are the MLAs. public decisions.
The main objective of the KHADC to hold this festival is to showcase at the same time the wealth of the Khasi people in terms of culture, traditions and lifestyle.
Prestone said the MDA in the last meeting had set up a Core Committee to select the candidate and this committee had sat down to find the candidate and after the meeting took the name of him. Bah Metbah which was brought before the MDA and accepted by all.
100 soldiers with weapons and five vehicles were deployed to help reduce the violence.
Through these discussions at the G20, we have come to understand more and more how the IDPs are a powerful tool for inclusiveness, especially for the countries in the southern hemisphere,” he said.
These are the reasons.
The Seng urges and requests the Villages and Himas across the Bri u Hynniewtrep not to issue Residential Certificates to non-citizens, as this affects the allocated education allowance. especially to the youth of the Bri u Hynniewtrep.
Not only that, the union will also prevent anyone who is not a citizen of the state from trading without proper documents such as a Trading License and others.
Another special aspect of this mission is to focus on the village leaders and the participation of various departments; such as the Departments of Social Welfare, Health & Family, Education, Meghalaya State Rural Livelihoods Society (MSRLS) and the State Rural Employment Society (SRES).
“I think it’s important for us to use the data collections so that we can produce predictive tools so that it will help in the days to come.
The HNLC has withdrawn from the peace talks, while the government has always announced that the door is open for peace talks.
At this meeting, it was said that in November 2015, the UGC had made it clear that the state governments should implement without changing the rules of the UGC. The Government should set up a State University for the employment of students so that they can have the opportunity to study at higher levels.
Shillong, Naiwieng 09: Police have not arrested anyone in connection with the shooting death of Agnes Kharshiing and Anita Sangma in Sohshrieh. Kongong is now stepping.
Shillong, Lber 21: In his supplementary reply to the National Games 2022, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, in the House today, said that He said that the government has not published the Blue Print, but there is an Organizing Committee in charge of this with the Chief Minister as the Chairman.
km.
He said that even in the midst of struggle, it does not mean to back down.
This statement was sent by Samla Lurman B. Talang, General Secretary of KSU War Jaintia Unit.
Shillong, July 31: U Bah Bantyngshain Rynga, U Bah Bantyngshain Rynga, has decided not to contest as an independent candidate for the MDC election from Shella Constituency. shum at the meeting held on the 28th of this month.
Section 144 CrPC has come into force from the date of its announcement on 16/3/2024, following the announcement of the elections to the Lok Sabha of India. the state will be on 19/June/2
As you remind me when I was studying in France and working abroad, we used to see that the villages in France were well organized villages, which is known as “Proper Town Planning” Considering the nature of their city, they set up schools in one place, offices in one place and markets or shops in other places. People don't go to be lymbrun at the same time, that's what we do or we have to think again.
When he saw the violence against the Parliament, he assured that the whole world saw where these violence came from.
As the UDP party is working with the NPP-led government, the NPP has taken this issue to resolve the issue of electricity in the country. the state and as of now the allegation is baseless.
The curfew will start from 6 pm to 6 pm on that day, the statement said.
At the same time, the former MLA of the area demanded that the government should put the schemes of the MLA on the website of the kit and government for the information of the people. that the government has not done this part and the reason why it has not been done is only known to the government.
It is learned that so far the conduct of the race has gone smoothly and those who have been excluded from the race are due to low height.
To mark the opening ceremony of the Maitshaphrang MMA and Fitness Team, a mixed martial arts competition was held by the MMA team. He passed away on Tuesday morning at NEIGRIMHS Hospital.
KSU leaders met with the Director, NEIGRIHMS Prof.Dr.Nalin Mehta and submitted a petition expressing their opposition to the examination outside the State for posts other than grade B and C.Ha. The letter said that the KSU has received many complaints from the youth of the country, that they have to go to other states to write examinations for grade B and C. V Thabah, while commenting on this, said that this is not the first time that the youth of Meghalaya have to go to other states to write the employment examinations.
The 60 MLAs, as expressed in their Resolution on 19.12.2019, will also advise the Governor through the Council of Ministers led by the Chief Minister to listen to the requests of the 60 MLAs. According to the Constitution, the power rests with the Elected Representatives.
As we know, this forest provides drinking water to thousands of households in Malki village.
New, Delhi November 30: The Central Government has released Rs 30,000 crore as GST payment to the States as payment of expenditure for the fiscal year 2020-21 on October 1, 2021.
Finally, the Seng urges all the paradoh parasnam to attend this day as it is for the purpose of deciding the life and death of the nation.
Speaking to media, the leader of the commercial taxi drivers, Bah Wandonbok Jyrwa said that according to the meeting with two witnesses, it has been confirmed that the five persons arrested by the police are shisha is not responsible for the death of Khasi youth.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The temporary office of the SDO of Mawshynrut Civil Sub-Division was inaugurated today at Riangdo by Bah Gigur Myrthong, Chairman of the Meghalaya State Housing Board. .
The new date and time will be announced by the O/O District Sports Officer Tura.
Police are investigating the incident to find out the cause of the fire.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said, “We are proud of the Meghalaya's State Tobacco Control Cell for their hard work until they have received this award from the State Tobacco Control Cell. The WHO.This award is testimony to the hard work of the group to maintain education and raise awareness among the public on the importance of health.
In a short speech, the leader of the group, Verma, said that the disinfection of shops and roads is part of the prevention of COVID-1
This has also happened in Ichamati, Kalibari, Majai in East Khasi Hills District where many of the workers in these areas do not have trading license or labor licence. They will be willing to cooperate with the organization on this.
The Regional Director, NER Shillong, Dr. Prakhar Kumar, who took part in the convocation as the chief guest, praised the school for providing training to the youth in the field of science and technology. IT and emphasized on hard work and concentration for the development of the country.
The team shall submit the findings of the investigation on the safety of these vaccines every 6 months or upon receipt of these findings, whichever is earlier in accordance with the NDCT Rules,
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has also announced that there are 706 cases of COVID-19 in the state, 95867 people have tested positive for COVID-19 and 95867 people have recovered. there are 93551 people in total.
Along with other speakers, they expressed their gratitude to the Union for taking this initiative to hold this Cultural and Traditional Programme. it belongs to any part of society.
He said that the KHADC authorities will cooperate with the Dorbars from village, raid to Hima in any area.
The CSWO said that such coal deposits were also found inside Semingkri village in South Garo Hills District.
It is learned that these three authorities have joined hands now because there is a dispute between the SCB, SMB and the Hima Mylliem and the fact is that the garbage flowing into this area is from Market.
During the visit, he inspected the venue and the management told the Chairman that there will be sports grounds in the venue where up to six games cannot be played. sports, such as swimming competition, arenas and playhouses.
The Government has sent it to the Lat yesterday.
Our group of religious leaders, SAFF, said that as citizens of Meghalaya, we must be strong, we must be strong-minded, we must not be selfish,” he added.
KHNAM strongly condemns this action of the government and the visit of government officials to the damage caused by the environment is meaningless if it cannot help, said the statement. On the 9th June 2013, a tragic incident occurred in West Khasi Hills where a cyclone struck and damaged 97 households in Mawiong Jadap West Khasi Hills. After the incident, the Deputy Commissioner and Officers of PHE, PWD and others visited the incident but sadly no assistance has been provided by the Government or the State Disaster Management Authority. .
All expenses for these students will be borne by the United States.
Yvtte Mawlong, Exra Assistant Commissioner Amlaram, has been appointed as the Sub Divisional Officer of Amlarem Civil Sub Division.
: means–it is a matter of law that should not be kept; it is a matter of guidance.
Shillong, Nailar 01: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya today honored Wanmon Tang of Laskein Block, West Jaintia Hills District, Meghalaya.
Police have taken action on the complaint and have arrested the suspect.
The pension of the leaders should be abolished, the leaders should stop using government vehicles, and others.
as children but it is only the spirit that as an organization we have to show you that they are with you in our thoughts and prayers that God will guide you in your journey.
Prestone said that the opening of the market does not mean that the government will stop this work, but the government wants the market to be clean and accessible. you are healthy.
Shillong, November 02: Meghalaya has finally got a full-time DGP with the acceptance of Kulbir Kishan after a long struggle.
Shillong, Lber 17: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh today responded to the complaint by the MLA of 17-Shillong North, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, alleging a breach of privilege. I have rejected this matter.
In fact, as it is now, because the construction of the full office of Wapung C&RD Block has not been completed on the land donated by Wapungskur and Wapung Shnongs to the State Government. public office.
Speaking to reporters in Tura today, he said that the names of those who have been infected with COVID-19 should be disclosed so that the public can avoid it. shah niew be in will not appear this feeling will disappear quickly.
He said that there are laws like the Land Transfer Act, Tenancy Act and others which the government has already implemented to track down the smugglers in the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: U VPP President Ardent Basaiawmoit today launched an unprecedented strike in front of the Secretariat to demand a review of the appointment process.
Police wanted to conduct a postmortem, but the family members requested to be released from the postmortem as they have no suspicion of anything wrong with the incident.
We will not be dressed in the whims of the Government.
Shillong, Naitung 05: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Pyniaid Sing Syiem today called a meeting with the Federation of Khasi State, Union of Rangbah Shnongs, KSU, FKJGP, HNYF and HYC. , and other dignitaries invited to the meeting unanimously accepted the decision to oppose the Uniform Civil Code.
The PWD department has not yet handed over the building of the Block Institute of Teachers' Education (BITE) and the Residential School at Byndihati, East Jaintia Hills District to the Education Department. the houses are desolate, and the houses of the wicked are desolate.
This action of the leader shows that he does not respect the village and the villagers because the village has prepared the necessities for that day.
Through this statement, the KSU welcomes all the members of the KSU who have retired since its inception and those who have recently retired.
The cyclone will blow at a speed of 30km to 40km and will reach the northeast of India today 7/4/2024 and tomorrow 8/4/2 until 9 and 10 June 2024.
The Bill was passed by the Lok Sabha on 28.07.2023 and through the passage of the Bill in the Rajya Sabha, the Bill will be sent to the President of India for approval.
After I stole my mobile phone, they attacked me,” said Sohtun and added that there was also a clash between him and the ABVP leaders from NEHU. NEHU we don't have any complaint and everyone can celebrate any religion but we don't allow people who come outside to do politics at NEHU.
The Khasi Jaintia Christian Endeavor Union, a Christian youth organization that includes the Christian Endeavor Society and CE Union, within the Presbyterian Church of Khasi Jaintia Hills District, has met at its 58th Convention. 20–22 January 2017, at the CE Society Mukhla, Mukhla Presbyterian Church.
In her speech, MS.Chatterji, Secretary (Textiles) said that this has been done with the funding of the Central Government and the DDA has allocated more land for this project. The scheme costs Rs 62.44 crore and will be implemented by the Delhi State Industrial and Infrastructure Development Corporation Ltd.
The State Government has set up the MSEC in November last year headed by Prof. Sherwin May Sungoh from the Department of Education, NEHU as the Chairperson to advise the Government on the issues of schools and colleges, salaries of school and college teachers, the functioning of School Managing Committees and others.
He said that the SMB has ordered all vehicles carrying garbage and garbage to cover their vehicles whether they are vehicles of the SMB, Hima Mylliem or villages. I don't want to carry without a cover because many vehicles are covered, so this vehicle today is not covered.
This house was built to show the greatness of the British who ruled us in 1874 when Shillong became the capital of the British Government.
Myntri Rangbah Duh ordered that the Central Government should work with the States to ensure that the poor people should participate in the distribution of food items and should not face any difficulties in this regard.
Even on these occasions, Ma Kerios Wahalng never forgot to sing and dance in his traditional Khasi tunes.
Thongni said that if the Congress government provides good services to the people, there will be no such things as the joining of the youth to the rebel groups. is that in the absence of unemployment even after completing various courses.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Commander Shangpliang, President of the HFU, said that after the Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Khasi Hills District recently ordered the closure of the market due to the inability to maintain the distance. Social Distancing, the organization has sent its members as volunteers to help educate and advise the farmers, traders and buyers to follow the rules. social distancing in this area.
“The abduction of these HANM leaders by the police has surprised them as they don't know why they were abducted,” said Bah Lamphrang Kharbani president.
“Recently, on 31st January, the HPC has requested two months to elect a new President in order to continue the discussions with the State Government regarding the transfer.
He also spoke on the role that Meghalaya can play in Uttar Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh in Meghalaya.
After the discussion, the House also accepted this decision.
Shillong, June 17: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Isawanda Laloo today met with the Village Authority of Mawshabuit, the Dy Commandant of the 58-Gorkha Training Center at Happy Valley and the SP of East Khasi Hills District. They also visited the gate of 58-GTC at Mawshabuit.
The BSF understands that the courage of the smugglers to Bangladesh is good and they don't even care about their own livelihood because the profit is very high. now not only are they brave but they are ready to fight back.
The road from Sonapyrdi to Malidor is very bad, and from Sonapyrdi to Mynkre there are places where the road is bad enough that vehicles cannot pass.
This action of someone is only to create misunderstanding among the people.
If any relatives or acquaintances of the deceased can go to work as the body has been placed at the Civil Hospital Shillong.
He said that each project includes the construction of Traditional Dwelling Cottages with bedrooms, living rooms, toilets, spectacles and others worth T.9.91 lakh and so far 955 of them have been completed. was able to complete the work.
Bobby Wahlang and Samla Kitbok, Nongphlang State Program Liaison Officer.
The color which has been clean for many years has now faded and remains only a little bit and the vehicles that go to earn money to Mawkhaphan village are facing difficulties because it has been covered too much.
He said that if they base it on the ID Voters and Adhar Card, it will show that this Rangbah is indeed a citizen of Pyrdiwah and also of India.
As it appears from this meeting today, the government owns 90% of the money but it is not the terms agreed between the government and the company that allows it to do whatever it wants.
On the polling day in Tura, the supporters of the NPP were delighted to see that the people have given their full confidence in this election.
The party urges the leaders to think carefully to protect the state from the influx of foreign authorities.
Speech was also delivered by the Chief Guest, Samla Manly Nongpluh who blessed and praised Samla Marbiang Khongwir who is also the office bearer of the Girls' Wing in Shillong and a member of Laban Circle. The Circle also honored her after she assumed the post of President of the Delhi Unit.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma on Christmas Day has visited the Mother Teresa Home in Tura to celebrate Christmas with the children. and you're Christmas.
Besides these Sarang helicopters, Su-30 MKI multi-role fighter aircratts from Chabua Air Force Base in Assam were also demonstrated. that military commandos.
Tura is a prominent political area in the world because it has been led by PA Sangma for many years but this area has not had any development as people think. .
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed that 679 people have recovered from the disease in the state and the total number of recoveries so far has risen to
Members of Salonsar Club and Mawlangwir Sports Club also received support.
They were known as Salbinal Nangbah and Belting Tyngkra.
The JAC Ri-bhoi has urged the authorities to take action against the light supply only between 3 and 4 hours a day. it shouldn't happen anymore.
The people of this area have expressed through various governments that they do not want to go to Assam. They have requested the Ministry of Home Affairs to take action on this issue because the people want to be with Meghalaya according to the law. government proclamation in 1876.
Dr Jitendra said the central government has taken all the necessary measures to promote the garment and kriah industry in the North East. Sniang is the largest source of income in Meghalaya.
The Meghalaya Government has signed a MoU with Pravin Bakshi, Secretary, Health Insurance Scheme and Chief Executive Officer, Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme. together with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek.
The Social Sports Meet was opened by the Chief Guest during a lively ceremony which was performed by the students of L.P.School to welcome the Chief Guest Bah Karmel Stone Sohtun MDC, Laitkroh, Laitkroh. The Chief Guest was Bah MB Kharlukhi President Hima Mylliem Youth Welfare Organization and Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang (State Youth Awardee)
In his speech, the Chairman of MIDC, Bah AL Hek said that Meghalaya has many varieties of soh which can be transformed in many ways and this will be a source of employment. The Ministry of Trade and Industry to open up opportunities for the youth in their jobs especially in the production of food.
He said that even at the General Council Meeting, the UDP party did not inform him and he did not attend.
The death toll has risen to 1611 in North Garo Hills District, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has reported. There are 30 cases in Khasi Hills, 1 case in Ri Bhoi, 11 cases in West Garo Hills and 6 cases in West Jaintia Hills.
Pyniaid said that Ardent's remarks may lead to the Contem of Court and the CEM Pyniaid Singh Syiem will inform the High Court that they have. people who don’t understand the law.
I have received two names from the form submitted by the President of MBCC including the names of Bah HM Shangpliang and Bah Sylvestar Marwein. “I have witnessed with your approval by raising hands only one name,” said Bah Chyne.
I have received two names from the form submitted by the President of MBCC including the names of Bah HM Shangpliang and Bah Sylvestar Marwein. “I have witnessed with your approval by raising hands only one name,” said Bah Chyne.
She established NEIMA in 2004 and is now home to about 25 children aged from 2 to 17 years who are all still in school and some have gone to work.
On the occasion, the Chairman of the Union of Rangbah Kur, Bah Herman Nongrum, said that he could not fulfill the wish of his friend who passed away in the tournament which included Bah Bindo M Lanong. To console the soul of Bah Herman Nongrum, Bah Spiton Kharakor said that the soul of Bah B Nishan Wahlang is still alive. he went on to investigate the Khasi calendar until he found the right day to celebrate the New Year.
Kdonghulu village has 50 households and 280 residents and 13% of the children under 6 years old are higher than the population of the state.
He said that since its inception on 30th June, 1990, he has served for many years and was also the former Chairman of the Committee.
: The District Council Affairs (DCA) of the State Government on Tuesday set up a Committee after the ADCs recommended to the Government to implement the Meghalaya Building Bye Laws in the villages. rural areas of the State.
The shops in Laitumkhrah from Police Point to Mohanson, S Dry Cleaner which were closed during these days have been allowed to reopen.
After the announcement of the victory, Bah Teinwell Dkhar was accompanied by HS Shylla CEM from the ruling party and James Ban Basaiawmoit from the opposition.
Police are still trying to find out the name of the smala and which village it belongs to.
“It is for this reason that we have brought the idea to the world – One World, One Health.
Media sources close to the Congress party said that the meeting was because he is a member of the party and the discussion was about the party in Meghalaya.
The Minister said that 2712 samples have been taken so far, 2597 samples have been tested negative and 102 samples are awaiting results. cases, one death, 11 recoveries and one in critical condition.
Shillong, March 02: Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma in the Congress Legislative Assembly in Meghalaya Speaking to reporters today, Dr Mukul said that in 2019, there will be a government in Delhi, not the BJP. “They have started to find out the truth about the BJP government, its deceitful deeds against the people,” he said.
But those working at the CHC have lost the trust of the people," he added.
Dhar is a resident of Kilapara, Dalu Police Station, who used to go to the market every day to sell medicines. He is a resident of Kilapara.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister urged the students studying in Manipur and the parents to be vigilant and not to worry as the government has followed closely the talks with the Manipur government. is going on and the talk is to send the students back to the state.
Total samples have been taken so far, 40631, 39008 negative, 617 pending results, 26039 returnees and 411 recoveries. after.
A total of 39 cases have been confirmed, of which 27 cases are from East Khasi Hills, 11 cases from BSF, 7 cases from the Army and 9 cases from civilians.
The meeting also appointed a committee under the chairmanship of Bah Myguardy Thabah to investigate the practices of hotels and companies taking vehicles from the public in the state.
The Tourism Department of the Government of India is hosting the 10th International Tourism Mart (ITM) for the North East from 17 to 19 November 2022 at Aizawl, Mizoram.
The ancients used to say that when there is a shong sang in any household, that household should be destroyed immediately, because it disgraces and disgraces the family, especially those who come into the world. .
" He also emphasized by talking about the signs that can be seen through the best upbringing and care of parents and the education of children through lessons that bring happiness to children , and to add to this by providing nutritious food and education in many things that will build the minds of children.
GoTN, as Chief Advisers; and others who shall be members of the thirty-three Executive Council.
Shillong, July 02: To strengthen the ties between the Border Security Force and the Bangladesh Border Guard today held a Maitree Volleyball Match on the Bangladesh border at Barsora East Jaintia Hills District under Kuliang Outpost.
The program has provided electricity to 2.86 crore unelectrified households since 25th November 2017 in rural and urban areas.
Shillong, Naitung 01: The Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, Isawanda Laloo, on Tuesday said that prevention is better than cure. In the presence of Dr Sharad Babu, Director-General of the World Health Organization.
At this meeting, the leaders of the party led by the party from Maweit branch.
Paul Macri was buried at the Catholic Cemetery in Mawprem.
Shillong, June 10: The Executive Committee of the High Court of Meghalaya Bar Association today held an emergency meeting to discuss the arrest of two officers through a letter. only two bullets.
Shillong, Nailar 05: The United Democratic Party (UDP) MLAs and two MLAs who have joined the party today met at the residence of Bah Metbah Lyngdoh to discuss the party's activities.
Shillong, March 13: U Bah Pynshngianlang Syiem CEM of KHADC in reply to the Zero Hour brought by Bah D Wanllang today in the House. The scheme has been implemented at Rs 3 crore as promised.
According to the residents of the area, these water pipes belong to the PHE Department of the State Water Supply Department. get information on the cause of the fire.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the party, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani said, “It is useless to send only a resolution to the Government of India to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule. Constitution of India, but what is needed is that the Legislative Assembly should start speaking and debating in Khasi and Garo during the sessions.
“There is no collection but on the part of the Syiem he encourages only a few to carry out the work.
They also provide us with fresh and clean air.
They have been handed over to the Police for further investigation.
According to the report, so far 700 villages have been affected, 10554 houses have been damaged and 100 school buildings have been damaged.
To achieve the target of receiving this payment, the States need to complete the construction of the systems and spend the funds allocated under the JJM. have to spend the allocated funds.
Shillong Cantonment Board today destroyed several shops of people who claimed to be from the Shillong Cantonment Board. ten times.
Speaking to media after a meeting with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek regarding the strike by the workers by burning, he said that Now the company has discriminated against the employees and does whatever it wants because the company is smarter than the government.
Shillong, Nailur 25: The Assam Rifles today seized 5,05,000 methamphetamine tablets weighing 55.80 kilograms. The value of the drugs seized was T.167.86 crore.
Bah Eugeneson said that he hopes that the people of Mawphlang will support him in this mid-term election so that he will win and be able to carry out the remaining duties of his father. .
This was announced by the Vice President of the party, C. Lamurong.
He said that sports tournaments should be held to strengthen the relationship between the people and the police.
Shillong, Lber 02: Police today arrested HNLC member Storgy Lyngdoh from his residence in Mawlynrei, said the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District. In a statement sent by the HNLC, police said that they have received information that there has been a distribution of letters demanding money and This has shocked the people involved in the trade in Shillong.
“What is more shocking to the people of the district is that the state government has not been able to open the 100 bed hospital which has been built long ago but which has been attached to the hospital. Khliehriat CHC. The inability of the state government to open this hospital is a great loss to the people of the district who are now living in poverty since the NGT banned coal mining,” he added. Mr. DKhar.
The 10-day competition will start on 21st July 2023 and end on 31st July 2023, at the SAI Stadium at NEHU. There are 32 categories, 700 people will participate, this includes the managers, football coaches.
Of these, 3884 are voters who have to go to the polling stations, 2345 are voters who have reached the age of 85 years and above, 2272 are voters with disabilities. , 7413 postal ballots from General voters and 2381 postal ballots from Service voters.
In addition, there are about 1000 employees in hospitals and private premises in the State.
Heavy rain expected in Sub-Himalayan West Bengal, Assam & Meghalaya, Arunachal Pradesh between 18th and 21st; Nagaland, Manipur, Mizoram and Tripura on July 18, 19 & 22 and heavy rains in Assam and Meghalaya and Sub-Himalayan West Bengal, Arunachal Pradesh on 18 & 19 and heavy rains in Meghalaya on July 2024.
Shillong, March 22: The Meghalaya People's Committee on Aadhaar will hold a public meeting on the 24th March 2017 at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar at 11 am.
The people have rejected the Congress in Rajasthan and Delhi.
In recognition of this, I am pleased to announce that the Department of Information and Broadcasting has decided to hold the second phase of the Antarashtriya Yoga Diwas Media Samman this year.
The G20 has two tracks: the Finance Track and the Sherpa Track.
Andrew Simon, Commissioner Secretary, Legislative Assembly, said that the BAC has been held today and has decided that the current session of the Legislative Assembly will be held for three days. day.
When the thunder roars, stay inside the safe places.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The aim of the National Population Register (NPR) is to collect the names in the first draft through the Rangbah Shnongs. The State Government and the Central Government will issue the National Citizens Register (NCR).
He said that T.500/- per month and T.6000/- per annum has been a great help to them.
He has fled and joined the HNLC. (SP News).
In this regard, the Principal Secretary to the Urban Development Department will convene a meeting with the Water Supply Department and MeECL to discuss further on this issue to resolve the problems of the people.
East Khasi Hills Police Chief Davis Marak said that only one woman has been identified while the other two persons are still being identified. their.
He said that the existence of this bank will help the people to increase their income.
During the visit , the members of the HANM met with the Rangbah Shnong of Lyngkhong , Bah Ramu Khongsdir . The Rangbah Shnong of HANM expressed to the members of the HANM Bangladesh is not coming.
Shillong, March 17: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District today enforced Section 144 CrPC in the Umiam Lake.
The Tehreek-e-Hurriyat, Jammu and Kashmir, whose mission is to establish Muslim rule, has been involved in terrorist activities by instilling a spirit of opposition. in India.
On the other hand, the KSU said that during the meeting, the DC said in front of the KSU that the NHAI may not take over the road but the NHIDCL may take over it. The reason for the delay of this road is that the NHAI has called tender only for repair and not for improvement and twice tender has been called for only one bid.
Shillong, March 28: Residents of Laitumkhrah Market at 5.00 pm today saw a tree fall on the top of the Laitumkhrah Market which has 84 shops.
As one who has always helped the poor and needy, it was very sad to see many families who had to collect so much that they had to mortgage their livelihoods to produce. The introduction of such a scheme will be a memorial to the death of Dr Mukul Sangma, as the Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
There are also cases where parents do not have to accompany their children to write the examination.
On the other hand, the KSU has warned all the contractors not to bring in foreigners without proper documents. The foreigners arrived in Shillong on the orders of a contractor.
The mortality rate at birth has increased from 301% to 4.1% per annum.
Police have stepped up their search operation to track down drug traffickers in the state. The arrest of these two persons came after the police station followed up on these two persons. who are drug dealers.
Shillong, Naitung 07: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today opened the 1st National Conference organized by the Institute of Nursing Cell, Woodland Institute of Nursing, Shillong. in collaboration with St. Anthony's College, Shillong which was supported by the Chief Minister Youth Development Scheme held in Shillong.
If the MDA government under the leadership of the NPP extends the term of office of the MDCs, it will be exactly the same priority as Dr Mukul Sangma did three years ago. He was still the Chief Minister of Meghalaya to extend it just to please his Congress MDCs at that time.
The Custom Office is determined to fight against wildlife trafficking at the border and other illegal activities and will also work with other groups to protect against wildlife trafficking.
At first, she was reluctant to join the competition because of her age, but she accompanied me to the State/National Championships.
“However, the district authorities have sent it to the Pule Education Department.
MCA President Naba Bhattacharjee said that the project has been delayed due to the outbreak of COVID-19 and it is hoped that the project will be completed before the end of He said this with BCCI Honorary Secretary Jay Shah.
The Rangbah who came to take part in this tournament benefited greatly from these discussions and the closing session by Rev.Fr.Norbert N.Nongrum, on the topic, “Rangbah and the Longing Longsem," who explained in detail and explained to the parents that they have a full responsibility to the family to lead their children to God and the duty of the Rangbah to his family, society. society and the Church.
On the same day, Bah Avner Pariat sent his resignation letter to the party.
In Shillong, appointment letters were distributed to 293 persons to fill the posts in the Posts, Food Corporation of India, Health and Family Welfare, North Eastern Electric Power Corporation Limited, Education and Education Departments. the Department of Defense.
Ampereen Lyngdoh said that the committee was set up and announced by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma. The committee will look into the matter if necessary. Please lead and explain how to manage the unemployment in Meghalaya.
Preparations for the National Games 2022 are in progress.
Police have confirmed that these three persons are members of the GNLA from the documents recovered from their bodies.
Samla Ency W Shadap, said, “The election has come again, what should we do as the residents of Jiantia Hills? Because most of the leaders only scan their mouths but when we win them, they forget everything they promised.
New Delhi, July 09: The Ministry of Information and Broadcasting today announced the second phase of the International Yoga Day Media Summit.
The Search and Rescue Team (SRT) from Meghalaya has found the body of a cow farmer at 2:00 pm on Saturday after starting a search operation. by 10:30 am.
Shillong, March 27: U Minister in charge of Tourism, Meghalaya, Bah Paul Lyngdoh today met with the Chief Minister of Karnataka, DK Shivakumar at his residence in Bengaluru to discuss how to develop the There is no peace between these two states.
When Purno A Sangma took over as prime minister, he stayed in the government house where his government lasted only 779 days and was dissolved.
Referring to the decision of the Lokayukta to send an inquiry to the CBI which the government has not yet handed over, the opposition leader said that if there is a delay, it means that the government has not yet handed over the inquiry. have intent to suppress evidence.
Speeches were delivered by Bah Lurshai Thabah of Tramline Academy and Samla Shelkitbok Kharbani who encouraged the youth to play well to avoid all kinds of evils.
The Media Tour was aimed at opening the door to understanding various government initiatives launched in the North Eastern States of Meghalaya and Assam.
Due to the lack of understanding of the government's failure to meet their salary demand, they said that on 5th November this month, they met with the Minister of Education and said that if the government does not grant their salaries, If you fulfill your demands before 15th November 2022, you will not be able to hold a protest.
The Administrator Rule was enacted in accordance with sub para (2) of para 16 of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
The Incubation Center will assist newly established businesses to stand on their own feet.
The Congress has demanded that the special allocation for women should be implemented without delay. The country is now clear and cannot be destroyed anymore.
The two members of the party were identified as Bah Aiborlang Thongni, 36, also known as Bahbah, from Mawpud village in South West Khasi Hills District.
Following this recommendation, the UNGA held meetings on the International Day of Yoga on 14 March
Shillong, July 03: About 27 km from Dawki and passing through Muktapur, Pasadwar village is located.
Pix by UBPHOTOSSHILLONG, November 10: Agnes Kharshiing has been discharged from NEIGRIHMS Hospital after undergoing treatment for one month and two days after a bomb blast at Sohshrieh in East Jaintia Hills District.
The MPHRC has recommended to the NHRC to fully recognize the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples. of the Paid Trai Ri Trai Muluk which was ratified in 2007 by the General Assembly of the United Nations and which the Government of India has already given its full support to this Dulir which are now part of the Constitution. of a democratic country.
The drugs worth Rs 4 crore were burnt in a pajwa at a temperature of 1200 degrees centigrade after receiving an order from the Meghalaya High Court.
Speaking on the threat to the nation if those Bangladeshis who will settle in the country through the CAA, he said, “We don't want the Balat language to turn into the Bharat language”. The blood of the sword is shed for the protection of the nation, but we have blood to shed for the sake of the nation.
Such treatments are conducted from time to time.
When the WHO declared the Corona Virus a pandemic, the Central Government on 14 October 2020 issued a disaster declaration.
After the meeting with the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Gilbert G. Laloo, General Secretary of SKNS, said that they have sought clarification from the Minister regarding the MUDA's boundary extension to non-MUDA land. the SMB and the implementation of the Meghalaya Building Bye-Law
More than 50 senior BSNL employees participated in the program and some also participated online.
He said that the Dorbar of Sutnga Elaka has decided not to allow the mining of mineral resources but as of now the company continues to destroy the forests in the area. this forest.
Shillong, June 12: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday announced that the night curfew has been postponed from tonight due to the increase in the number of cases of COVID-1
Speaking to SP News Agency, PDF Leader James Ban Basaiawmoit said that they will discuss whether to nominate a candidate for the Chairman election in KHADC. decision will depend on the discussion tomorrow morning.
The clashes between the police and the people started in the morning and continued till this evening.
He said that the outbreak of COVID-19 has hampered the work to promote development.
Shillong, July 10: Regarding the fire that broke out inside the meter box inside the Swastik Hotel in which 11 people were injured, the owner of the hotel said that the cause of the injuries was caused by a fire. they shall not be thrown out of the door.
The company will market the electricity produced by this plant.
The union is surprised that especially during this time of lockdown, even the Khasi people have been banned from moving from one district to another.
At the same time, such festivals are also an opportunity for people to meet and get the opportunity to promote the trade as they are often exhibited at such festivals.
The Central Election Committee of the National Awakening Movement (KNM) has invited applications for the MDC Election
The march was inaugurated by Bah P Khonglah, BDO, Umsning C&RD Block, who raised the flag as a sign of the independence of India. opened and allowed the youth participants to compete in the 10 kilometer race.
It is learned that the offices have informed the Chief Secretary of the State and all the Chief Secretaries of the States that they are doing this survey.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The National Highway Authority (NHAI) has met with the leaders of the Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) Women's Working Group to discuss the demand for protection of women's rights. injuries and deaths on the Shillong By-Pass.
On this occasion, the order was suspended.
Poets from 8 countries were also present at the meeting. Poems written by prominent poets from all over the world were read and songs were performed by Evanisha Pathaw and The performances were performed by the famous dancers from Murshidabad.
The bikes stolen from Assam were sent to Meghalaya and those from Meghalaya were sold to Assam through used car dealers.
Shillong, November 19 : The Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) on Tuesday announced the nomination of former Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) leader Robertjune Kharjahrin as its candidate for the upcoming elections. Lok Sabha Election 2024 from Shillong Parliamentary Seat.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 01: The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HNM) today visited Umtyrnga to inspect the presence of quarrying factories in the area bordering Assam.
Urup said he worked with Saiful from Kakripara village in Salmara village in Assam. The BSF handed over the arrested man to the West Garo Hills District Police for further investigation. don't according to the law.
Contractual or contract jobs shall not be awarded to state residents who have completed their education.
Ensure CAPFs understanding of situations in collaboration with local authorities.
At this meeting, he said that the inspection of IIM Shillong has found that many of the funds available to the state governments remain unused. He said that the schemes that have been suspended should be spent by completing the schemes so that they cannot go to the central finance department to ask for more money.
He said that Jan Aushadhi Kendras are mostly in urban areas and therefore only the poor people in the cities benefit from medicines worth T 10 to T 30, but now, through PACS, The medicines will reach the poor and the farmers in the rural areas.
All the people of the country considered this their victory," he said.
In the meeting with the Chief Minister, the three parties said that the MDA government should lead all the 60 MLAs to Delhi to demand from the central government to implement these two MLAs. the demands of the people of the state.
On 26th July 2020, 52 persons were appointed and on 1st November 2020, 72 persons were appointed.
The purpose of this Ordinance is that if those who have not paid their taxes for many years, if they come to settle, they will get a 30% amnesty and the government will give them 6 months. They did not come before the government to lodge a complaint against them.
Shillong, Nailur 17: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Teinwell Dkhar today said that two officials from the Central Government have come to meet and discuss the working methods of the districts. Council.
Speaking on the cooperation between the Central Government and the State Government, she said that this has increased the opportunities for farmers and officers for farming.
On this occasion, the union distributed stand hand sanitizer, masks and sanitizers to the Dorbar Shnongs of Iewrynghep, Phudmuri and Mawroh.
Shillong, Nailar 19: The Hynniewtrep Achick National Movement (HANM) has found that the sub-centre built by the government in Umpdem village under Mairang Civil Sub Division has turned into a hideout for animals. for 20 years.
In his speech, the Prime Minister said that the government has appointed a Judicial Inquiry but at the meeting held today they wanted the government to send an inquiry to the National Human Rights Commissioner.
The Minister said that agriculture and tourism will be important sectors to boost the income of the state in the coming years.
Shillong, July 13: The OM Roy Memorial Higher Secondary School on Thursday honored 71 students who passed the SSLC and 20 students who passed the HSSLC.
“The proposed law, in addition to many aspects of the digital ecosystem, will deal in detail with the question of user harm on the internet.
Because the money allocated is only to pay the outstanding payments.
The land grabbing has allegedly cost T.1000 crore.
Shillong, March 31,: The Ministers in charge of Food and Beverages from various states of the country will meet in New Delhi today.
Regarding this issue, the government said that the two sides have been invited to meet with the Commissioner and Secretary, Education Department, Meghalaya, the Director of Higher Education. and Technical Education to the Director of School Education and Literacy to resolve their problems so that they can be addressed.
New Delhi, June 15: Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K. Sangma and his Cabinet have met Union Minister of State for Mines Piyush Goyal in Delhi to discuss the issue of He said that the ban on coal mining has affected the income of the people of Meghalaya.
To fill the 500 posts of doctors to become full time government employees, all these doctors have worked, but some have been appointed in 3F and others have been appointed as day laborers. The Cabinet has taken this decision to ensure that the recognition of them as full time employees will be completed in the next two or three months.
Dr Mukul said his view is that to what extent he has been able to contribute so much power within the party, he will discuss all these incidents with the party leaders within the AICC in Delhi. , he said he didn't want to say anything.
In this incident, the accused was thinking that the woman would not tell about the incident and what was surprising was that the man sent a picture of her. He was arrested at the Sardar Police Station.
Chamhana's waste-to-fuel technology will remove waste and generate electricity, the Prime Minister said. in Jowai and Shillong and other urban areas of the state.
On this occasion, he met with the party workers and hoisted the flag of India as the beginning of the three color flags in their homes to celebrate the 75th Anniversary of the party. Also present on the occasion were AL Hek and President Ernest Mawrie.
Shillong, July 05: U Dr Celestine Lyngdoh today assumed the post of President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPC) at a meeting held at Congress Bhavan Shillong. In his speech as the president of the MPCC, Dr Celestine said that the leaders within the party may change, the faces may change, but the foundation on which the Congress party stands will not. can change within the Congress party.
The 4 organizations urge the people of Bri U Hynniewtrep to support and join hands with the organizations in this powerful action of the government to kill the poor especially in the field of electricity and employment. .
If the government moves forward, the party will move forward as it happens, and if it holds municipal elections, they will have to take responsibility if there are any problems.
The Minister congratulated the employees of DIPR for their efforts despite the COVID-19 pandemic. work without sitting down to provide information to the public.
This was also witnessed through their election form and other documents.
The office has sent relief goods to the victims of the disaster in Mairang. The relief goods have been sent since 3 pm today.
The police patrolled the streets of Jowai and parts of Amlarem Civil Sub Division in West Jaintia Hills District to convey the message to the people to ensure that the election will be smooth. beat.
During the meeting, the ADG explained to the Governor the work of the NCC in the North East and what they plan to do to strengthen this work in the region. .
I. Laloo, Deputy Commissioner, handed over the certificates to the four children sent from the Office of the Prime Minister of India, Sneh Petra Certificates from PM CARES, PM CARE and Children's Passbook, Health Card of AB-Prime Minister-Jan Arogya Yojana (PM-Jay).
Shillong, November 21: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) through its Education Cell has received a complaint from the students of the state who will sit for the CSIR NET exam 2023 to be held on the 26th, 27th and 28th of this month. November 2023, those who have to sit for the examination outside the state like Jorhat and Dibrugarh.
However, the KSU expressed its dissatisfaction that the police of this department only ask for EPIC, Adhaar and Labor License but forget the Work Permit which is one of the most important documents to track foreigners. I'm going to Meghalaya.
The President of the UDP said that although the time has passed and the years have passed, there is still a chance to unite if we have the same mindset as the leaders of the state. I didn't think they would come.
Due to the peace and order situation in Garo Hills, the government has already prepared all the necessary measures to ensure that the election will be held smoothly and that the people will be able to vote. elect their representative by free will.
The KSU has awarded the Fr. Sylvanus Sngi Lyngdoh Maitshaphrang Academic Award 2020-21, as part of the commemoration of the 6th death anniversary of Fr. Sylvanus Sngi Lyngdoh, one of the great figures of the nation. Remember his contribution in the field of literature and service to the nation.
However, after the rules were released to the media, it was found that only the villages in Meghalaya will go to Assam.
The question is: who has the authority to appoint the judges of the Supreme Court and the High Court? The power to forgive armed groups lies with the State Government.
All companies, civil society organizations and government agencies must have passports and visas.
We have also arrested those involved,” he said.
This road still falls under the jurisdiction of Lower Lachumiere Village and through this road it has been seen since ancient times that parents who come to school with their children often drive their cars to walk without hurrying because they are happy. light to pass through the main road.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: The PFR Football Academy, one of the leading training centers for boys and girls in the state, plans to hold the Women Football League from 22nd July 2024 at Malki Stadium as part of the promotion of sports. women's football in the state.
Therefore, the union together with dozens of its members and the residents during the inspection found that the factory was operating without proper documents.
Nongstoin, November 29: The brother of a young girl from Lad Nongbsa village on the way to Maweit in West Khasi Hills District has lodged a complaint with the Nongstoin Police Station that her sister has tried to rape her. She committed suicide by burning herself alive after being raped by Shoberwel Wanniang of Mawieit.
Shillong, March 04: The JSU Laskein Block Circle (JSU) on Tuesday visited the Laskein CHC Hospital in West Jaintia Hills District. I was with the members of the party on Tuesday night 2.10.2022 at 10 pm.
Teiñwell Dkhar has served as an MDC from Shella Constituency for 25 years and has also been an Executive Member and Chief Executive Member for these 25 years.
Sabina Parvez Warjri has received permission from Monsoon Salon to set up a modern beauty salon in Shillong.
The death toll has risen to 844 with six deaths today, one from East Khasi Hills, one from South West Khasi Hills, two from West Jaintia Hills and two from West Khasi Hills. .
A total of 500 NCC members from nine states of the North East who attended the special training today.
“The strike will continue on Tuesday 22nd of this month if the Government does not listen to the demand.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma, has already sought permission from the Central Government, especially the Home Minister of India, to meet with the Minister of Home Affairs. Speak on the ILP of Meghalaya.
Regarding the amount of T.5000/- for the purchase of an air mistry kit, the Cabinet has decided that this will become a crane.
Dr. Syngkon said the decision of the BJP to support the NPP has revealed the true face of the two parties but it is up to the people to decide on this.
Answering a question regarding the lack of access to schemes, he said that it is a fact that many people in Meghalaya do not have Aadhaar because all the schemes of the central government have to to link with Aadhaar.
The Voice of the People Party feels that it is its duty and duty to speak on this issue, with a clear statement that the party does not approve or accept this arrangement between the Meghalaya government. and the Government of Assam.
Andreas Bina, Adviser Paiem Miwel Shadap (Chief of Raid Nongtung) and members B Sohtun, Jim Lamar and Lobing Masharing.
At the secretariat gate, the leaders of the Sur Mawlai residents have announced that until the temporary arrest of the police who are suspected to be involved in the shooting death of Bah Cheristerfield Tnagkhiew, they will not remain silent.
The Minister praised the All India Radio and Doordarshanki for holding fast to the principle of Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav by saying that although education since the time of independence has not been able to explain the strengths of the protest. different regions.
Of this amount, T.9.28 crore has been spent for the treatment of 3184 men and 32 women in Shillong.
Shillong, Nailur 01: During a meeting between HITO and CEM of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, they discussed the establishment of a society in RR colony and the issuance of NOC by this society to others. the nations that dwell in this place.
It is a problem for the people because many places in the state do not have the Internet and this problem is in front of the government, but this is the problem of these days. you have to beat the time.
Also, police verification, if required for passport, will be done at the address mentioned in the application form.
On the other hand, the KHADC has closed the doors and ordered them to provide the necessary documents.
With the number of villages, it will be difficult to know which household needs assistance if no one informs. if you have anything to do with it.
There are about 20 Khasi tree farms in Jirang but the Khasi owners did not attend the meeting on Saturday and it is not known what the intention is behind the meeting with foreigners. Assam but in the morning it is not about the financial assistance because from time to time they demand money from the sawmills.
The city is known for its excellent educational institutions.
With the availability of these CCTV cameras, it is hoped that it will help to prevent crime as Quallapaty village is located near the market where people run to the village when they get something. the whole village.
Shillong, July 02: The committee led by Dr KW Marbaniang has decided to allow students who wish to study MBBS to study MBBS. , they have to take the National Entrance Eligibility Test (NEET).
At the same time, mechanics were brought in to build the helicopter and it took more than an hour to complete the construction.
The Syiem of the Hima Khyriem said that the Hima can be divided but the religion cannot be divided. This religion which has been inherited since ancient times has been held by the Hima Khyrim and has been preserved until today.
The power to lay down your hands is greater than the power to strike and bomb with your hands and violence has no place in society.
The murder of these four men was terrible.
This present life is no longer the easy life it used to be.
John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MSPB, said that the goal to be taken is how many tourists the Nongkhlaw Area will attract in the coming years. this is the field.
To prevent the exploitation of criminals, the police have strengthened their patrols in Shillong especially in Police Bazar and Motphran areas.
“Ka seng also urges the people of Jaintia Hills to be vigilant against such illegal companies and not to be deceived by their promises of high prices. for them if they invest in them.
Seven NGOs will receive grants of Rs.25 lakh for projects for one year.
–It means that you don't write it before you publish it.
In an interview with reporters, the KAMDHENU project in Upper Assam was also discussed and as of now, this project is considered to be the milk of AMUL. It will be of great help to the people in the field of cattle breeding.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: U Minister in charge of GAD, Bah HDR Lyngdoh today led the pledge to fight against terrorism in the state on the occasion of the death anniversary of the deceased. Rajiv Gandhi, the Prime Minister of India, has been arrested.
Among the eight policemen from the state who will be honored on the Independence Day, Milon Lyngdoh, Starlingdro Jyrwa and Hemilson Sangma have been honoured. it's from the Home Guard.
In the budget presentation, the Prime Minister has clearly mentioned the allocation of funds for various government departments which the Prime Minister has mentioned in his budget speech.
Speaking at the meeting, Union Defense Minister Amit Shah said today is a special day for the North East in terms of freedom from conflict.
Shillong, Nailur 01: To commemorate the 75th Anniversary of Independence of India, the BSF has held many fights, the BSF band has performed at many places in the country. in the state of Meghalaya.
Shillong, November 01: The General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC), Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw, today in a statement said that the party has proposed to hold a meeting to discuss the issue. peace talks between the Central Government and the State Government of Meghalaya.
The Government of India has sent a resolution to the Meghalaya Assembly by 60 MLAs who have been the voice of the State of Meghalaya since 2015 until 1st July The Government of Meghalaya believes that the Government of Meghalaya together with 60 MLAs, MDCs, MPs, and we are ready to invite all the Syiems, Lyngdohs, Sirdars, Wahadars. , Doloi, and Nokma on this issue as part of the protection of transparency on the ownership of land and mineral resources.
The first part of the meeting was held at Hotel Courtyard by Marriott with the participation of Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad Sangma and Union Finance Minister Pankaj Chaudhury.
According to a letter dated 26th June 2024, NEST has proposed to send a Detailed Project Report (DPR) for the resumption of uranium mining in Meghalaya.
Despite many difficulties in the beginning of the construction of this house but with the grace of God today it was opened and handed over to the owner Kong Bashisha Sohktung as a New Year gift and the union wishes them all the best. I am in the midst of health.
“The search operation is ongoing after we received information about the abduction.
According to this video which was circulated today on WhatsApp, it was seen that inside the vehicle there was another rangbah villager on the left in the front seat and in the seat where the driver should have sat to drive the vehicle. you don't have to ksew.
Prasad said the internet cannot be a tool of neo-imperialism.
He said that at present there are only 195 Anglo Indians in India.
The three people who lost their lives in the floods were a 14-year-old boy, a 9-year-old girl and a 19-year-old mother. The mother of the victim lost her life when she went to rescue her brother but found out this tragic incident.
Samlin Malngiang has been nominated from the HSPDP while Alexander Laloo Hek has been nominated from the BJP.
At such a time when the State Government and the ADCs do not stand up to protect us, it is the duty of the Local Government and the people of the country as a whole to stand responsibly to protect themselves.
Shillong, July 29: The Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) under the leadership of Bah John F Kharshiing as President and Bah Finely Pariat as General Secretary today announced that the MSOA has visited the Olympic Games. The Meghalaya Olympic Games will be held in Jowai three times more than the venue.
Referring to these three colleges, the Chief Minister said that initially only between 60 to 100 students will be accommodated depending on the availability of teachers.
Shillong, July 10: The Lok Sabha MP from 2-Tura Parliamentary (ST) Constituency, Saleng A Sangma, who has just won the election, has said that Dr. Mukul Sangma and Zenith Sangma should be able to turn to the Lok Sabha constituency. The Congress will not accept it either.
There are 52 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 32 cases in West Garo Hills, 10 cases in South West Garo Hills, 2 cases in East Garo Hills and 1 case in Ri Bhoi. in the state.
There will be photographs, video interviews from the North East and the Eastern Himalayas.
As a result of the electric shock, the child sustained injuries to his fingers, toes and chest.
Shillong, Naitung 02: The owner of a clothing shop in Police Bazar belonging to M/s JB Textile has lodged a complaint with the Sardar Police Station that at about 1.30 pm, his employee Raju Malakar. he was robbed by four unidentified persons as he was about to deposit a sum of Rs 2 lakh.
Regarding this, the workers have expressed their anger and questioned the government, why they came to attack, because these workers are not insurgents but only who demand the right.
When the BSF stopped him, he expressed his displeasure with the incident and took it as an affront to his personal dignity as he is not a veterinary doctor in the area.
In the final, Shillong Labet FC scored four goals against KSU Mawkasiang Unit and became the winners.
The Minister of Home Affairs has also directed that farmers in the border areas should be made aware of the COVID-19 pandemic and what they need to do to prevent the spread of the disease in that bag border.
Behind the failure to bring the team from Ri-Bhoi District, it can be said that it is due to the responsibility of all the children from the children, parents, schools where the children go to school. Members of the Ri Bhoi District Sports Association (RISA) have been working hard to develop talented athletes.
“If the Chief Minister has the responsibility, hasn't he looked into the Inspection Report prepared by the EJHD Government on 7th June, 2014 and also sent to the State Government by the EJHD Government? DC of East Jaintia Hills District according to Letter No.No.No.EJHD.Dev.57/2013/12, Dated: Khliehriat, 13June, 2014? “When the report clearly mentions all these things and also acknowledges that the land is suitable for the relocation of Khlierhiat C&RD Block to Wapung C&RD Block,” said Bah MH Dkhar.
Williamnagar, Naitung 01:The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that there will be no way to play with the future of our children. The government will now introduce a policy that there will be no more transfer of teachers from one college to another.
The decision to form the synjuk is on the grounds that the area has been neglected in terms of economic development and has been affected by many crimes. .
Sohra, also known as Cherrapunjee, is the wettest place in the world, full of beautiful valleys and deep creeks, all of which are amazing and beautiful, he added.
Acknowledging the need for order in freedom of expression and order in struggle, the recommendation said that the Commission has adopted a consistent approach since the last elections, by which expects that its opinion will lead to the participation of candidates and speakers.
The President of the UDP Jaiaw, Bah Michel War, said that the party strongly condemns this incident and urges the people to be vigilant and the party trusts to the people and the decision of the people the party will accept.
Although this village is located near Bangladesh, although it is not well known to the people, it has its own history which speaks of the culture and traditions of the area. in which until now the people in power have forgotten the value of this holy place.
Shillong, July 10: 56-Gambegre MLA Saleng A Sangma today handed over his resignation letter to the Commissioner and Secretary of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya.
Arful Kharbani has been appointed as the president of BJYM.
New Delhi, Naiwieng 19: The Ministry of Economic Development of the North Eastern Region of India together with the Indian Chamber of Commerce (ICC) will hold the North-East Business Summit starting on 22 and will end on the 24th of this month in Diburgrah, Assam.
He stressed the importance of using technology as much as possible and also using the time to embrace change opportunities.
On the other hand, Flaming B Marak requested the judge to take action on his complaint by sending an inquiry to send people to the area and the report should be submitted to the High Court. Court of Meghalaya.
On this day, there will be many games and exhibitions of modern skills.
On 27th July 2018, the union had met with the government authorities and promised to pay the money but till now they have not received it.
Other speakers included Bah Staising Kharbteng, Bah Dilansar Marwein in the presence of Bah K.Jyrwa Secretary of the village, Bah An Syiemlieh and other elders.
On the other hand, the IYC leader said that the ILP has been implemented only in a few areas where it is necessary to protect the country. to curb the influx of foreigners but not only through the ILP but there are other measures that the government should implement.
This is to force the government to shut down the dewbilat factory and at the same time to ensure that their rights which they should have received which have remained in the past years. want to get away.
Adelbert said that if Sikkim, Nagaland and Arunachal Pradesh can resolve the issue of ethnic minorities in their states, if others can, why can't Meghalaya? North.
Shillong, July 08: The Joint Students' Movement (JSM) Central Body (JSM) has congratulated the authorities of East Jaintia Hills District for refusing to grant bail to Dehas Swer. On November 21, 2013, a young woman was raped in Lad-Rymbai area.
“This announcement was issued through the office of the Secretary to the Food and Civil Supplies Department of the State Government.
"“It is surprising that until now, especially after the introduction of new powers, the road department does not have a proper working method to look into such incidents especially A stitch in time saves nine," the statement added.
“We have worked for the welfare of the world and the health of the world through Yoga and AYUSH. Today, India is building a solid foundation for World Mars.
Answering another supplementary question, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, said that the government has not set a policy to keep a count of the number of people infected with the disease. Preparing to purchase a Pet Scanner Machine.
The government is now looking into this issue to prevent the entry of foreigners.
: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYM) together with the Acting Rangbah Shnong of Umtring, Bah Stemar Nongbri on Thursday alleged that the Rangbah Shnong of Umtring, Bah Teiborlang Thangkhiew, has been violated by the Dorbar Shnong. The 32 households of Umtring village, Umbir village, Ribhoi District have been ordered to leave the village until 30th November, 2023 but otherwise they will be punished. families living in this village.
She said that people with disabilities are an important part of the skilled workforce and the central government is committed to building an enabling environment for people with disabilities. don't have any members.
The loss of this great leader of the Jaitbynriew is a great loss not only to the family but especially to us the party which we are still looking forward to the encouragement from him. only a spirit of gratitude and prayer that he may receive eternal rest in the hands of the Creator.
During the search operation, the body of the man was found near the forest in the village.
The 9 families who have received the assistance now include.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has already issued an order to all the public to be vigilant.
On these Soo Sngi Le Iaw, the children of Niamtre dance and celebrate with ksing, dhah, bhuri and bikur along with the rituals to honor the Creator.
Answering questions, Debora Marak said that during the meeting, they discussed how to strengthen the Congress party in the state to prepare for the general elections to the Legislative Assembly to be held in in the year
This was confirmed by the decision of the Supreme Court of India in 1971 in the case of Byrhien Kurkalang of Mylliem Rngi on the creation and implementation of Eastern Bengal and Assam. Excise Act, 1910.
The Chief Minister also announced that by 2014, the construction of a four lane road from Shillong to Guwahati, the upgradation of the roads from Shillong-Nongstoin-Tura, Shillong-Silchar and two others will be completed. The Shillong and Jowai bypasses will be completed.
On the other hand, the JSU has urged the District Administration to set up barriers along the roads to avoid injuries in the two villages in Lat Rymbai and Khliehriat.
Replying to the request to change the job allocation policy, the Minister said that the office will do whatever is necessary.
As the state is a backward state in terms of health care, it should be strengthened before anything bad happens.
Speaking to reporters, the General Secretary of the MPUF, Bah Aimonbha Syad, said that through the RTI, they have received from the Directorate of Higher and Technical Education (DHTE). The Central Government has already allocated T.13.59 crore to Meghalaya to pay for the fees of the students.
The SAI is under the jurisdiction of the Central Government and it takes special care of those children who have talent in various sports to develop them, said a government statement through the PIB. News).
He said that in the second meeting between the Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam, they agreed that there are 12 disputed areas, and the talks will be on those areas, where they will start. shwa of the 6 less conflict zones.
To mark the occasion, there was a parade of IAF aircraft and a parade of aircraft by the Suryakiran Aerobic Team (SKAT) of the Indian Air Force.
The state government has also been directed to find out those who have gone wrong in this regard and punish them.
The Lamphang said that the construction of the new dome has also started and there have been changes but the new dome is stronger, and unlike the old design which weighed up to 3000 metric tonnes but now it lacks the capacity. weight.
He also alleged that Bah Ardent has tried to mislead the people of the community with the Marriage Rule and Marriage Act where they have to register with KHADC after marriage and if they cannot register they will be arrested and imprisoned. .
East Jaintia Hills Police have arrested two Nigerians for failing to produce proper documents to enter India. .
Regarding the struggle for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India, the Speaker of the House has quoted the article “ Ngi im in another day, we don't know where the country will go".
The Prime Minister urged the people to join hands with the government in bringing about the development of the country. Sub Divisions and Police Stations to open more Medical and Engineering Colleges and this will create employment opportunities for the youth.
On this occasion, the Commission also discussed many issues related to the peace and order in the state.
He said that in this market there has been a conflict with other ethnic groups who live from this market, so it is the duty of the state authorities to take the lead in maintaining the cleanliness if this is the plate. how shall I not defile it?
Shillong, November 13: The Government of Meghalaya will award prizes to students who have passed well in the MBOSE, SSLC, HSSLC, ICSE, CBSE and ISC examinations.
In the welterweight category of 63.5-67kg, Bhalang Shadap will fight against Parlad Singh of Punjab, who has a taller stature than the state champion.
“We would also like to urge all the members to stand firm on the ground and strengthen our demand and we will continue our protest in the new year. Now, it has led many churches to speak out on this issue which is the urgent need for the government to implement the ILP. Those who have been strong supporters of the struggle of the Sengbhalang and despite the intimidation but we firmly believe that they should not back down but let the cooperation and solidarity of all is the way to achieve the goal. role for the well-being of indigenous peoples in this generation and especially for future generations.
Out of the 22 offices, 13 have been completed, 10 are under construction and only the KHADC office in Mawkyrwat has not been completed. long bay m have not yet received the land.
In this regard, after a discussion which lasted for nearly three hours, Ma Thombor Shiwat, MDC, Chief Executive Member, JHADC, congratulated the Chairman, Chief Executive Members for his efforts. The CEM has decided to convene a meeting of all the 19 Dolloi with one Sirdar including the Acting Dolloi and Secretaries. John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, Meghalaya State Planning Board and Chairman, Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States. , to attend the upcoming meeting of the Dolloi.
(Photo by Sanjib Bhattacharjee).
Shillong, Iaiong 03: The Quallapaty Dorbar Shnong today distributed Khaw, Dai, Mluh and Khaw to 100 poor households. don inside the village.
Two persons were injured in the incident and one escaped.
Finally, we urge the citizens to continue their struggle and demand that the CAA 2019 should be repealed in accordance with the laws and rights granted by the Constitution.
However, on the 9th and 10th of this month, the BSF seized 158 cows from Muktapur in Jaintia Hills and 67 cows from Tuka, Lyngkhat and Shella in Khasi Hills. 255 tyngka was seized on the 9th and 95 on the 10th today, bringing the total to 350 in the past two days.
Shillong, Lber 20: Nurses working at Robert Hospital today held a game in the grounds of the hospital to show how to cure tuberculosis by taking drugs.
“The post of Adviser was offered to me by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and the Deputy Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong.
However, during the inspection of many show rooms, malls and even offices of the state government, it was found that there is no compliance with the minimum wages introduced by the labor department. In order for this increase in the wages of the state government to be of full benefit to the people, the union urges the labor department to order all to follow the rules. The minimum daily wages introduced by the State Government and to inform the public through the media of the new price set by the Government for the information of all employees.
The policy also recognizes the rapidly changing nature of digital services and empowers the CBC to introduce new and innovative information services in digital services through the approval of the appointment committee from the part of this work.
Yesterday @ 10: 15 pm one Shri Emanuel Thongni 23 yrs, R/o Nongkynlur village was on his way back home from Mawphanlur riding his scooty.
The CCP office said that the seized 20 pieces of Ksiar were wrapped in black tape in four bags.
In this regard, the Office of the Deputy Commissioner, led by Ms. D.Kharshiing in charge of Laban District, has convened an emergency meeting on 13th March, 2023 at Laban. Police Station.
Shillong, Naitung 02: The BSF on Tuesday said that Bangladeshi girls have been smuggled sarees from India. The saree is from India to Bangladesh.
There is also a song and dance in this program.
Katto has completed part of the Kyntokam Thup-adong Model in this current issue.
Shillong, Lber 22: Two new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in the state, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today said.
Shillong, November 23: U MLA of 19-Shillong South, Bah Sanbor Shullai today held a Christmas Carol parade which started from his residence in Bishnapur and ended at Assam Club. and the people of all nations took part in it.
Regarding the railway line, the union still stands against it while the government has not been able to implement the laws regarding the ban on the entry of foreigners into the state.
He said that all the religions in the world believe in the existence of one God, although they worship Him in different forms, the most important thing in human life is to have peace of mind. .
The convoy will travel through nine states, Meghalaya, Assam, West Bengal, Bihar, Jharkhand and Uttar Pradesh and will reach Delhi. Shillong, Guwahati, Dhubri, Siliguri, Maldah, Krishnagar, Kolkata, Durgapur, Hazaribagh, Varanasi, Prayagraj, Kanpur, Agra, Delhi.
According to the rules of assistance to the families of the victims, the assistance that the government will provide is 4 lakh tyngka each. of the dead.
Shillong, Naitung 08: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bill, 2018 was passed by the House today.
The Pa,im of Hima Khyrim, Dr.Balajied Syiem, expressed his gratitude to the thousands of children who have brought and left every year to provide the religious services and the dance. Participants from all over the Khasi Hills took part in this festival.
Is there any strong evidence you can say that we are us.
Meanwhile, the works related to the office are still in progress.
However, many of the parents have complained that she has failed to enter Class XI, according to the information received by SP News Agency, she is in the Art Stream without mentioning Science. and Commerce stream, has reached T.15000 tyngka and the initial fee of many students has to pay up to T.9000 tyngka.
For the past two years, foreign travelers from Jaintia Hills have been facing difficulties in buying train tickets to travel abroad.
Furthermore, the union warns the contractors not to neglect the work and to complete the cleaning and expedite the work while the weather permits.
Samayita tied 362 runs in the U-23 Women's One Day and T20 Trophies to rank 13th among women in the country in the 50-over rankings.
The film has been nominated for Best Film, Best Director and won the Best Female Actor award at the recently held Prague Cinema Awards.
All the speakers on the occasion said that the government should pass clean laws so that the perpetrators cannot escape easily.
A total of 7,12,033 people have been given the first Tika, 97,486 have been given the second Tika and 8,09,519 people have been given the second Tika so far.
The meeting was conducted by the Organizing Secretary of the JSU, Samla Layerson War in the presence of several advisors and The leaders of the JSU party.
This is a strong police force that can fight against insurgency in Garo Hills and the state as a whole.
The offices of the Superintendent of Revenue in Khliehriat, Jowai, Nongpoh, Nongstoin, Tura and Williamnagar will be open on the 19th and 20th of this month. GSTR-3B for the month of November and the deadline will be the 20th of this month.
Police have rushed to the scene to investigate, but at the time of writing of this news, it has not been confirmed whether the vehicle caught fire or whether someone set fire to it. an.
All shops should report to the office with a register containing the names of the cards so that the office can renew them.
Shillong, July 02: The District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills District, in an order issued today under Section 144 CrPC, today informed that the curfew has been lifted in the areas where there is no curfew. inside the Lumdiengjri Police Station.
In the women's final, Mawsiatkhnam SC won by beating Umrynjah SC 1-0
“It is surprising that after 28 years of suspension of the construction of the railway line, the state government has resumed the construction of the railway line at Byrnihat and this is due to the lack of political parties. racial issues were simply politicized.
Ptynsong said that about 25% of the people who read the newspaper are mental readers, 10% of the people read only the long article and 65% of the people who read the news of the newspaper. the fact and the style of the newspaper is that they should reach all the villages.
The party says that as it has come forward to share the responsibility of the Jaidbynriew in the fight against COVID 19, it now says to the government that if you cannot put the There are no volunteers in these check points. The organization is ready to deploy volunteers.
Speaking to media after meeting with Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, Dr. Alistar Lyngdoh said that according to the information received, the delay is due to the lack of Service Rules. He said that they will meet again on the 29th of this month.
Hundreds of students from the state have taken part in the march to protest against the killing of their brother and sister in Delhi. .
Their bodies were found from Ichamati and Dalda on the same day.
Total recoveries have risen to 890 in the state and 26156 have recovered from the disease so far.
Now it has 11 ministers, but only 2 ministers.
It is on these grounds that the JSU has not stopped without expressing its opposition to the government by protesting after the expiry of the 30 days period for these three demands namely to set up a blood bank at Jowai Civil Hospital. The Government has not done anything to upgrade the Jowai Civil Hospital and to implement the Civil Hospital in Ialong.
The order was issued and signed by Prof C.Daniala Medical Superintendent of the Hospital.
The family members of the deceased have requested anyone who has seen or found her to contact her by telephone at 9863389561 and
The residents of the area are happy to see that the PWD department has completed the road from Lailad to Nongjri for cleaning, but the work has been completed by the contractor. it's snow.
Dr. Toi, the author of the book, said that the death of Anne Jones, his wife, affected the life of Thomas Jones later.
The law also applies to all North Korean immigrants and foreign tourists.
SARTHAQ was brought in after consultation with States and UTs, various stakeholders and feedback was received from all those involved in these activities; a total of 7177 submissions were received.
This was announced in a statement sent by Dr Andrew Simons, Commissioner and Secretary of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly.
All these will promote innovation among the youth and show the world the values ​​related to them, he added.
Shillong, Nailur 16: The Principal of JNV Mawphlang School on Tuesday said that the applications have been received at the office.
New Delhi, Jymmang 05: As part of the Indian Navy to strengthen relations with Two Indian warships arrived in Alexandria, Egypt, today.
Thomas Passah, president of the Youth Wing.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: There are 55 new cases of COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, 6 in East Garo Hills, 24 in East Khasi Hills and 2 in Eastern West Khasi Hills. , North Garo Hills 2, Ri Bhoi 2, South Garo Hills 1, South West Khasi Hills 1, West Garo Hills 14, West Jaintia Hills 1, West Khasi Hills
They were taken to Nongpoh Police Station for trial at the District Sessions Judge Court in Nongpoh.
The vote share of the ethnic parties has increased in the current MP elections.
Shillong, July 27: The SKDSSW under the leadership of Bah Mohendro Rapsang MLA has met with the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Kyrmen Shylla to discuss the issues arising from the trade. and take drugs.
Speaking on the occasion, AK Sangma, Sub-Divisional Public Relations Officer, Amlarem said that the task of DIPR is to explain to the public about the schemes of the government through this special consultation.
Police have registered a case under Sections 395, 398, 397, 402, 506, 458 and 34 of the Indian Penal Code at Khanapara Police Station.
The Assam Government gave this land at that time to honor and preserve the name of the father of the Sixth Schedule, Bah James Joy Mohan Nichols Roy. Try not to miss the ways to use this place for the honor of Bah Joy.
More than 16,755 people were involved in the process of vaccination and vaccination at all these sites.
The Central and State Governments will provide funds to the private sector to set up schools for those with disabilities.
Metbah said that this is not the time to campaign, but he urged the party leaders to work together with understanding, to win requires cooperation and not to shrud fellow leaders. , because the work of the villages is the branches that know better, others need to encourage.
The Prime Minister said that there has been a great deal of trouble in the past two months and the wife of Dr John Sailo Ryntathiang has been in great trouble.
Commenting on the absence of the contractor, the FKJGP Mawlai Circle leader said, “We have already informed the owner of the project but he has not come.
The meeting also discussed the directives and recommendations of the National Commission for Scheduled Tribes (NCST) to the Government of Tamil Nadu on July 9, The Schedule Tribes Commission to look into the issues of STs in Tamil Nadu.
Up to 191 employees have been sent back to their places of origin after being found without proper documents.
Besides, the group will also discuss other ways and means to improve and enrich the community.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: The two-day Chhat Puja celebrations started this evening and will end tomorrow morning. which is known as Chhat Puja in Shillong.
After many years now everyone has seen the horrors in those areas, which the US Government cannot do anything to protect the people from the evils that exist in those areas because of the bih lyer caused by the mining. The mountains come to mine uranium.
Shopkeepers have been directed to wear masks, to provide hand sanitizer in front of their shops, to clean their shops and surroundings regularly and not to allow unwearing customers. masks to enter their shops.
There are 17 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 14 from East Khasi Hills, 2 from West Jaintia Hills and 1 from West Garo Hills.
There are 31 polling stations in Ampati Constituency.
Referring to Bah Weljone Syiemlieh who started his career in KHADC as LDA and then as time went by he rose from one rank to another until he reached the top of the rank. This is not one of the mistakes in KHADC where from the post of LDA one can reach the post of Secretary of the Executive Committee and also of the Legislative Wing. education is not enough to hold the post of Secretary.
“It will be useless if we work hard from within but there is no restriction, evils will be able to enter freely, as to remind during the time of Covid-19 there is a restriction on all people before entering them. If the Government has a responsibility for its own state and especially for the youth, it will implement the same from the Entry Check-Gate Byrnihat. so this will also be like another disease for which there will be no cure," he said.
PM addressing a program on the 200th birth anniversary of Swami Dayanand Saraswati via video conferencing at Tankara in Morbi, Gujarat on February 11, 2024.
The private buildings that the government wants to recognize as heritage sites are the All Saints' Church in Police Bazar, the Tripura Castle in Risa Colony, St. Edmund's Chapel and School Hall at Laitumkhrah, Brookside (Tagore House) at Rilbong, Shillong Club.
Now that they have set up a dump for the disposal of waste from hospitals, this will affect the health of the people who live nearby.
“I visited the flood affected areas in Selsella Constituency and the rice was about to be harvested but it was submerged in the flood. “I have seen a letter written by the MP of Tura to PM Modi to inform him of this natural disaster, I agree with this,” said Dr Azad.
The team was led by coach Thangboi Singto and was accompanied by team manager Birendra Thapa and team physio Heikam Bikram Kumar.
Shillong, Naiwieng 03: The two-day Ri Khaiñ Festival 2019 has ended with the Miss Wah Kynshi contest which was held at Markham village under Mairang Civil Sub Division. of West Khasi Hills District.
Speaking at the handover ceremony, he said that in the border area, many problems have arisen since the heat wave. “That's why I understand the problem of you the people and now “I came to hand over this ambulance for you the people who live in this border area,” said Bah Shangpliang.
“The Police Department has many buildings across the state and therefore to allow the Police Department to maintain residences, offices and other works, it needs to have an Engineering Wing. Due to the lack of an Engineering Wing, the department cannot follow the time-consuming procedures and which require the involvement of various agencies to do from small jobs even to repairs. “I don't know what to do,” said the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma.
To bring closer the relationship between the people and the police in the area, such meetings will continue from time to time to bring about peace and order between the police and the people. .
In this regard, the Government has also encouraged private individuals to build fish ponds by providing assistance from its own funds through the Department of Fisheries.
Shillong, Lber 04: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that talks have been held with the Union Electricity Department and hope that the light outage can be resolved within 48 hours.
Shillong, November 18: Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed the North Eastern Council (NEC) meeting in Shillong today.
Saxena was appointed as a member of the UPSU on 08/05/2015 and on 20/06/2018 he took over as Sharman. the whole of the Commission.
The Chief Minister said that the Central Government cannot be asked to repeal the laws passed by the State, but what the State can ask the Central Government is to release the laws. Members of the House who took part in the discussion on the government's decision were Dr Mukul Sangma, Leader of the Opposition. Without mentioning the party, the opposition leader said the ruling party in Delhi is fighting to divide the CAA. people of the North Eastern State of India.
Also present on the occasion was AN Prasad Muktiar, who filed the case, to inspect the water supply from these coal mines.
Shillong, March 10: The State Disaster Response Fund (SDRF) is still searching for four people who went missing after a water pipe collapsed at the Kopili Hydro Electrical Power Plant on the border. of Assam and Meghalaya.
In the complaint, the union said, “This is not the first incident.
He said that in Shillong more than 1000 cases have been registered with the police and 50% of these cases are related to drugs.
It is surprising why Meghalaya has removed the word “Iasahlang” from the Act in introducing the amendment in 2015, as the Supreme Court of India on 13th July June 2015 ruled that “Ka Sahlang” is not illegal because it is like a marriage and the Parliament of India has defined the word “Sahlang” as a marriage.
On the other hand, the 13 parties urged the government to expedite this process as the government has already passed two bills in the Legislative Assembly related to the same issue. task.
According to the order issued by the Meghalaya High Court, only 12 tonnes of mawshun were allowed to be transported.
However, the rules outside the State Government will be adopted by the Government of India.
This is happening in Assam, Tripura and the North East,” he said.
During the meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the talks were fruitful as the Central Government has promised to assist the state in overcoming this issue. The problem regarding the ban on coal mining in Meghalaya.
Replying to a question by Bah Gabriel Wahlang, the CEM of KHADC said that there is no clear law to issue Labor License but the Trading by Non Tribal Act has been adopted. When the government introduced the District Council Act, the District Council Act died.
The number of cases in East Khasi Hills is 69, of which 8 cases are from the army and 61 cases are from civilians, 1 case from West Khasi Hills, 8 cases from Ri Bhoi, 1 case from East Jaintia Hills and
It is worth mentioning that Bah Pius Marwein contested the MLA election from the same constituency in the general election to the Legislative Assembly this year from the same party UDP. The UDP party has re-elected Bah Pius Marwein.
He said that the initiatives and innovations of the CEOs should be looked into for the use of IT in the conduct of elections where the procedures that can be used should be strengthened and implemented. ECI IT platforms and Apps to avoid double work.
After investigation, it was found that all these mynder do not have proper documents especially the Work Permit which they should have received. all that they should go back to Assam where they came from.
The deterioration of this road has caused many problems in many areas.
Regarding the shooting death of Bah Cheris, there have been protests across the Khasi Hills because this incident in Mawlai is unacceptable.
Various office bearers of the unit including 12 members of the unit were also sworn in, said the Asst Publicity Secretary of KSU Narpuh Circle.
They also informed the staff of Nonglang PHC and an ambulance from this PHC took the injured Chetri to Nongstoiñ Civil Hospital but due to his serious injuries, he was taken to Nongstoiñ Civil Hospital. Civil Hospital, Shillong.
The AJYWO leader said that besides the EPIC, only the Residential Certificate issued by the Waheh Shong should be accepted for this purpose and all these documents should be attested by the Waheh Shong. Government officials authorized to ask for the originals at the time of attestation otherwise not to attest and also that if any documents are found to be suspicious at the time of attestation, seize immediately and conduct an investigation to find out the truth".
On this occasion, the Dorbar Shnongs are against and the government should find a place elsewhere not inside the village.
Regarding the payment of bills, the Minister said that there are two parts, one for the purchase of equipment and the other for the implementation of the work. The Minister said that when the funds have arrived, why should the payment be delayed?
The public should follow, should keep a distance of 5 feet, should wear a mask, should wash hands, should not sneeze, should understand themselves in terms of health, should not spread and you must install Setup App.
The Chief Minister was speaking at the opening ceremony of the science stream at Williamnagar College and at the same time he also inaugurated a new building. more students can be admitted.
They are (1) Md.Islam Uddin Laskar, Part-V Branch Post Master of Algapur, Hailakandi, Assam, (2) Md.Aftab Uddin Laskar, Zilla Parishad Member of Algapur & Mohanpur, Hailakandi, (3) Md.Altaf Hussain Mazumdar, the then Junior Engineer, Algapur Development Block, Hailakandi, (4) Md.Rafique Uddin Barbhuiya, the then Gram Panchayat Secretary of Algapur, Hailakandi and 6 (six) accused (private persons namely 1) Md.Sahin Ahmed Laskar, (2) Md.Shahnewaz Laskar @ Liton Ahmed, (3) Md.Salim Uddin Barbhuiya, (4) Md.Salim Uddin Mazumdar, (5) Md.Abdul Kayum Barbhuiya & (6) Md Salim Uddin Barbhuiya @ Soidul, I'm not sure what to do.
This can be done by informing through those who come to send letters.
It is said that up to 50 percent of those who develop diabetes do not know that they have the disease.
Vicky went to celebrate the New Year with a friend in Wahrew and during the celebration he went to the top of the Wahrew bridge but drowned.
“I will remember Bah Sounder.
Some talked about the freedom in power to make choices and that there is no one way of working that fits all.
He also expressed how to have a close relationship between the District Council and the Seng Khasi in relation to many issues that require cooperation in order to preserve the customs and traditions taught by our ancestors.
Shillong, July 05: The Minister of Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri, today met with the people of Chokpot area to reassure them that the government is with them to fight against them. There is no evidence in this district and in parts of Garo Hills as a whole.
Shillong, Naitung 01: The number of youths involved in drug trafficking has increased and for this reason, the traffickers of drugs have also stopped smuggling drugs into the state.
The award was given for Meghalaya's efforts to promote trade through the One District One Product (ODOP) scheme.
The largest crop is Sohniamtra.
To urge the State Government to demand from the Government of India to introduce the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement, 17 August 1948, under Article 370 as part of the provision for the protection of the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo in the Constitution of India. and to protect and implement the IOA & AA.
In his speech, the Chief Minister said that this day is celebrated all over the world and at the same time it is to remember the existence of tourist attractions which the state can attract others.
More than 24 departments of the Central Government, headed by Secretaries and Joint Secretaries, all State Governments and Union Territories.
Bah Nongsiang said that the village has arrested several people who throw garbage and fined them as a warning that they should not hesitate to do these things.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Acting Lyngoh of the Hima Sohiong, Bah P Lyngdoh Thabah, said that the Hima wants to return the Hima to the Hima. I hope to get back this Hima.
Shekhawat said that people's participation and empowerment is at the heart of the mission that will lead to its success.
In conclusion, Bah Dkhar said, “Because East Jaintia Hills District is the largest and most paid district, the AJYWO for the For the benefit of the people of the district, we demand that the Government should open another C&RD Block in Lumshnong or Umkiang”.
Today, some of them said that if the government does not do anything, this meeting will not be just like one of the meetings in the past, they will stop at the meetings.
The State President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, Bah Ernest Mawrie, has said that this statement is a bad thing and a statement against the ethnic groups in India. in the state of Meghalaya.
Bhubaneshwar, July 18: A group of 40 journalists from Meghalaya today took part in the Viksit Bharat SankalpYatra program at Banpur under the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. district of Odisha.
“The KSU is the strongest youth organization in the North East,” said the Vice President of the ADSU. KSU Barak Valley President Samla Morning Suja and other dignitaries.
During the meeting, Ahluwalia praised the Meghalaya government for the implementation of development projects in the state and the use of the state funds.
It will be held from 9th March 2023 at the Mission Village Council Hall.
He said that there are political party leaders in the state who have taken advantage of the political situation. He said that as it appears in the media, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh has criticized that The Supreme Court has not suspended the CAA,
Speaking as the chief guest, the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, congratulated the CIPS and ASCI for organizing this award ceremony in the state.
He said there had been discussions to include him as a member of the UDP from Mawthadraishan Circle.
Samla Biangbor Lyngdoh Paliar in his speech congratulated all the teams who took part and reminded that this is not the first time that the Seng will hold such tournaments but from time to time it tries. to open opportunities for the youth to showcase and improve their football and other sports skills by organizing various tournaments.
It is very consistent with that this has brought inflation back to targets.
Once again, the government requests them to stay until the 30th of this month.
The Prime Minister has visited the North East more than 50 times in the past eight years, while the Ministers have visited the North East more than 400 times.
sub-section 6.
Dr. Karadu spoke on the ways to improve access to financial services, especially in rural areas by opening more bank branches.
The contempt for them must be removed from the minds of the people.
The purpose is to improve the future.
Regarding the road works in Meghalaya, he said that 14 road works have been completed and about 30% of the works have been completed so far.
The misused T.59.84 belonged to the people who came to deposit from time to time but the cashier did not deposit the money inside the bank.
The party strongly condemns those who call the party a village troublemaker just because it has found out the truth about the implementation of the public scheme through RTI requested from the Saipung block office, said Iamon. Lapasam, President KSU Ministry Unit.
Because the villagers were concerned about these people, the village leaders without hesitation evicted them from their homes and handed them over to the authorities of the Umkiang PP, East Jaintia Hills District, to return them. them to the place where they came from so that it will be a protection for the citizen and for them as well.
If there is a traffic jam near any place where government officials will go, to carry weapons that may be weapons that may injure people inside Shillong and in the whole district was closed.
Shillong, June 17: Members of KSU Laban Circle on Tuesday evening at 10 pm arrested 11 foreigners near Rhino Point. pages are available.
`(SP News).
So far, 3970 people have returned from the North East and other parts of India, 3030 from the North East and others from the North East. other parts of India that came on their own.
Meanwhile, the Miss Teen Meghalaya 2024 contest has qualified for the Miss Teen Diva 2025 contest, which will be held in Jaipur, Rajasthan.
He said that as Asnani has made it clear to the civil society organizations to speak what they have without hesitation of what they want to say, the HYC has made it clear that “Uranium is the the words of the key to death.
: The State Government has decided to remove the term 'backward classes' from the Meghalaya Public Service Commission Regulations.
The three plaintiffs were accompanied by the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District and the Defense Estate Officer, Guwahati in the presence of officers of the Shillong Municipal Board, Shillong Contonment Board, Shillong Contonment Board, Guwahati. the Meghalaya Urban Development Agency and the leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council.
The Minister said that the ASHAs work in accordance with the rules and regulations of the NRHM and their duties and responsibilities include receiving various payments from the central government. and from the state government.
This is after looking at the economy in India as shown by the need to increase apprenticeship opportunities in India to 10 lakh before the end of 2022, and to 60 lakh by .
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: The Secretary of the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) in response to a request for clarification by the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills regarding the memorandum submitted by the protesters on the demolition of houses. in Mawlong-Mawtari and Umsawli according to letter No. MUDA/ Mon/18/2009-10/P0
Speaking to media, JAC Chairman Bah Purningstar Shabong said that if any of the Ministers, Village Leaders or anyone who supports the re-appointment of the former Lyngdoh, they will turn to the KHADC to demand. he shall not be removed from the priesthood.
There are many snap rights which are related to the rights of neighboring peoples including language.
Police have seized these trucks and taken them to the police station.
It is this year that the country will go to the 16th general election where as citizens they are voters and they have a responsibility not to degrade their own country.
He recalled that Ampareen Lyngdoh was the head teacher of Mass Media at St. Anthony's College and now MLA, Jemino Mawthoh is a teacher at NEHU. that these two would visit them.
M Ampareen Lyngdoh, MLA, Shillong East said she was pleased to hear about the works to be started at the CRC to ensure that people with disabilities have adequate facilities in the state.
Bah Cheerful Ryngkhem, Chairman, Dong Moopynieiñ, in his speech, said, “The Dong is pleased that the school in our Dong has brought this honor and we are very proud. SBS Sec School, Wapung has won the Mass Pass Parade for the fourth time.
There are 343 cases in the state, 53 cases in hospitals, 44 cases in East Khasi Hills, 4 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 2 cases in West Garo Hills, 1 case in South West Garo Hills. Ri Bhoi 1, North Garo Hills
Roy's Milk Color.
Shivraj Singh Chouhan said that understanding the important role of women in agriculture, the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development has signed a Memorandum of Understanding.
The second winner was Lidaris Lyngdoh Lyngkhoi who received a cash prize of 10,000/- and the third winner was Dasanjanai Rani who received a cash prize and a cash prize of Rs. 5000/-.
The Chairman, NCST received a letter DO (Demi Official) dated 13th October 1947 from the first and former Prime Minister Shri Jawaharlal Nehru to Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, former Deputy Prime Minister. The White Paper on Indian States – published by the Government in 1950 – was also handed over to the Chairman of the NCST. They requested the Chairman, National Commission for Schedule Tribes (NCST) to direct the Government of India to take action as these promises have expired and so that the voice of the Chiefs (who have The Syiems, Sirdars, Dolloi and Nokmas of the Hima Khasi States have signed and agreed to elect the National Commission for Scheduled Tribes (NCST). The Dominion of India was annexed to India on the terms of the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement on 17 August 1948 with the Dominion of India. and the promises remain expired and have not been fulfilled by the Indian Parliament.
The participation of the Dorbar Shnongs has been another step towards reaching the milestone of victory with the establishment of Village Water and Sanitation Committees (VWSCs) in each village to ensure that all the residents of the villages have access to water and sanitation. to the clean water.
He said that after the Officer In-charge ordered them to lodge a complaint, one group lodged a complaint while the other group refused to lodge a complaint. but because they refused to lodge a complaint.
The Government of Meghalaya has also promised to the residents of the state that the Government of Meghalaya has taken a step that the arrangement will be on the basis of “Give and Take Mutual Land in the borders of all four states.
I believe that this order of these two parts of the Constitution will prepare the framework for timely and effective legislation in this country.
Answering a question, the Chief Minister said that it is true that in Meghalaya there are three District Councils where the government has to work with them to get the permits. Some applications will be taken into consideration by you to discuss and obtain permission.
Other speakers on the occasion were I Mawlon, Executive Director, SDMA, I. Majaw, CEO, DDMA and officers from NDRF, Civil Defence, NEIGRIHMS, Military Hospital, BSF and PWD. Shillong, Jymmang 15: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah PN Syiem has called a meeting with various civil society groups including the KSU, FKJGP, HYC and RBYF to discuss the issue of It is the railway line from Byrnihat to Shillong.
Meghalaya High Court Judge T Nanda Kumar Singh in his ruling said that the employees of the District Council should not return the notices issued by the District Council. court shall be sent to the judge of this court.
The KSU leaders said that such an incident of death of fish in the river was first reported in
What is understood is to elect MLAs to bring about development works and MDCs as well.
Police have recovered the body and handed over the body to the family members for further investigation.
According to the police website, Ghosh alleged that KSU members took him from Laitumkhrah Market on Tuesday and then took him to the KSU office in Laitumkhrah said that he had claimed 300,000 rupees because he did not have a land in Demseiniong, Shillong.
They also reminded that the KSU has received many leading leaders who are the residents of Mawprem which is the pride of the entire Mawprem area.
He said that when they do any work they should be ready to take on any task that is more difficult than easy.
The seven charges were filed against the Sardar Police Station, Laitumhrah Police Station. as the leaders said that he has to accept but they will look into the future because they called again on 4/11/2
“We want to know why Hindus can't be a programme,” she said, “Banpynbiang Riang's speech on the YouTube Channel broadcast on Batesi TV is exactly like saying that it is us. who sent.
Principal Secretary, Planning Department Shakeel Ahmad said that up to 28 Chief Officers from different countries and more than 100 delegates including technocrats will attend.
Therefore, the SSSM requests all those who come to visit and those who come to eat khana please do not pollute and spread in these places because they are not only beautiful but also attract tourists from other countries. pat that bag.
regarding the vacancy of 18 posts in the District and Session Judges Department, Shillong.
"India in recent years has gained new strength and now the border areas are more secure," said Prime Minister Narendra Modi in his address to the country from Red Fort, Delhi on the occasion of the 77th Independence Day on 15th July,
Speaking in the House, the EM in charge of Land, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne said that through this decision of the House, they will send to the Central Government to The BJP government has expressed its opposition to the CAB, 2016 which the BJP government is planning to pass into law.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Laban Circle today lodged a petition with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District and gave them 15 days to remove the illegal residents from Maxwelton Estate.
“There are also about four Government Upper Primary Schools in the district but the teachers appointed in these schools have not been according to the needs and this has created problems and burden on the teachers. which are not available and the school cannot provide adequate education to the children.
States in the North East have shown good results such as Arunachal Pradesh, which has integrated the preparation of 60 villages under the Vibrant Village Programme.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 96587 people have tested positive for COVID-19, 94907 have recovered and 1620 have died. yet.
On the other hand, the MPHRC urges the government to take this superstition as one of the problems and the government should find ways and means to eradicate it.
This is the sixth time that the group has donated assistance to the poor since 2011, when they were able to assist only three families and this time They have now increased to five households from all over the Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
According to the website, 45 days have been given to those who wish to submit their views on the union to the Meghalaya government.
Secretary, Agriculture, Sanjay Agarwal explained the vision of the Government and Secretary DARE, Dr. T. Mohapatra explained about the research and development of this mission.
Those who are unclean, who oppress people and who stir up bloodshed among the nations.
Bah Aiborlang was one of the longest serving members of the HNLC and used to live in Bilwa in Bangladesh.
There were 114 dancers out of whom 62 were women and 52 were men.
CEM Chyne said that under the Trading by Non Tribal Act 1954 there is a provision that even the contractors have to get permission from the District Council after the government has implemented the work. The District Council can no longer issue Labor Licenses.
These are the polling stations which have not yet been opened today.
Shillong, Naitung 09: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has been directed to hold a special session tomorrow morning as requested by the MDCs of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
The vehicle was damaged due to the loss of fire.
Speaking on the occasion, Sadon Blah, General Secretary of the HNYF, said that only Meghalaya and Tripura have not yet received the ILP. When the House has taken a decision to demand the ILP, the protests have started.
Shillong, Lber 05: The contest for the post of Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will be held today morning between Manstudy Nongrem of the Congress and Telinia Thangkhiew of the HSPDP. The election for the Chairman of the KHADC will be held tomorrow morning at 11 am and the election will be by casting vote.
The Dorbar in Sohra has welcomed the opportunity to prepare and invite the Kur Dorbars, Shnong Dorbars, Hima Dorbars and children of thousands, elders, women, youth, women and men to the Special Dorbar Ri. February 2013, which was invited within the Hima Nongkhlaw to be the honor and reputation of the entire nation.
After 52 years of independence, Meghalaya will have its own patriotic anthem.
Transparency in the process of an accredited institution like universities helps to bring about a stronger bond between the trainees and the institution.
The Prime Minister also set aside special sections so that young people from disadvantaged families can achieve their dreams of becoming doctors.
Dr. Rani also spoke on the areas of PMGatishakti, MSMe, Education, Agriculture, Start-ups, Digital Banking and others.
Speaking on the love of Tirot Sing Syiem for his country and its people, the Chief Guest invited all those who witnessed this day to commemorate the death anniversary of Tirot Sing Syiem. to follow the example and inspiration of the patriotic spirit of Tirot Sing Syiem in his struggle against the British.
It strengthens human relationships and does not discriminate against anyone.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister said that what we all have in common is to work for the state whether it is in any small role. He congratulated all those who received the honor on this day.
We meet all the legal requirements.
Jowai, Jymmang 12: The Central Body of the Jaintia Students Movement (JM) has approved the establishment of its office on 08-02-2014 in West Jaintia Hills. The JSM-CB office has been established at Mihmyntdu village in West Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today met with two writers' groups, the Khasi Authors' Society and the Achik Literature Society. the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
On this day, the opposition from the people was strong, this opposition was from the villagers and also from the civil society organizations of the state and they expressed at the public hearing that they want to see that the company will still taking up space.
Samla Hamlet Dohling said that if he is corrupt and thinks only for himself for the sake of winning the election, perhaps in the Mylliem Lum Sports Association (MLSA) there will be no villages under other countries. Mawpynthih and Mawnarian villages which fall under Nongkrem constituency and also 12mer village which fall under Sohra constituency.
As shown in the videos, it was witnessed that the BSF troops attacked, threatened and carried weapons.
“The meeting is to separate the villages without border dispute from the villages with border dispute.
On the other hand, the KSU said that before registering a case, the police and the district administration should investigate.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today received a phone call from Ursula von der Leven, President of the European Commission.
Shillong, Iaiong 17: Members of the KSU West Jaintia Hills Unit on receiving information that the Karbi in Moojem village have forced and do not own the land of the Khasi Pnars have caused a clash within the Khasi Pnars. village.
The RO has been directed to call the polling officers who have been sent to the polling station.
Sharma has been a man who has contributed to all the communities in Shillong. What he has contributed is that it is through him that the Civil Hospital Shillong has been built. of the soldiers.
Mairang, Jymmang 04: As part of the celebration of the North East Festival 2022 which is part of the Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav, the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Eastern West Khasi Hills District.
Police in charge of the fire engines rushed to the scene and managed to extinguish the blaze.
The Chief Minister said that although the government has not been able to submit the report to the civil society and the village headmen, it has been cleared up what has been said and the land in those seven villages. who has nothing to do with each other.
These are all used to check the prevalence of symptoms, identify clusters, identify people with active symptoms, determine how many people are still under quarantine and to see requirements.
The residents should not feel the burden of the government but at the same time in times of crisis the government should not be stingy.
The Congress party will soon announce the names of the candidates and expects the Congress to win a lot in this election as the Congress has always selected young people to become leaders. The Congress party has also elected leaders in the state.
In a complaint lodged on 29/8/2021, Idishmary said that until she lodged this complaint, she did not know where this man had hidden her daughter. The house demands that he be punished according to the law.
Total 351 participants, 78 children, 115 adults and 198 adults took part in the competition. it is for both women and men.
He said that in these days he will visit the Assam road construction site.
This will be the first visit to India by the band.
At the time of writing of this news, the police are continuing to search the house to find out more about the fraud, said the SP of East Khasi Hills. M Harcourt.
“Today, we will hold a meeting to discuss the proposals we have received from the Government and soon we will hold a meeting to take a decision and after that we will send information to them and they too will inform. "I'm sorry," said Bah Sadon.
Sweet said that she is willing to support other women and the nation as a whole. She said that she has been appointed as a spokesperson and she has to work as planned by Mega Star Production. ran the competition.
Speaking to reporters from the area, it was learned that the closure of the square was due to the overcrowding while the celebration went smoothly with thousands of people gathered. he went to this festival.
Shillong, November 08: The Guwahati Regional Passport Office has announced that all passport offices in the states will be open on Saturday 10/12/2 allow the public to place their applications.
The HNYF has seen that all the Govt LP schools since the beginning of their establishment have remained the same and have not improved except for Lower Primary. Govt LP School Umsning is under the boundary fencing of Govt LP School Umsning under the MPLAD scheme. Umsning Town UP Secondary School has been appointed by the Managing Committee.
All the MLAs have been invited by the Congress party to attend the meeting of the presidential candidate and when they come the candidates go to listen to what they have to say for the election. The BJP presidential candidate will also come and they will go to meet him to listen, but to say whom they will support they still have to decide.
Taking the slogan of the CFIS “Do your job with enthusiasm”, he said that many of the passengers by air meet this group many times at the airports.
She said that it is important to eat healthy foods and foods rich in protein, carbohydrates, calcium and others for young children, pregnant women and children.
The meeting started at 1.00 pm and continued from the meeting to the house service until 4.25 pm.
Jowai, Naitung 02: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has expressed its concern over the difficulties faced by the students of Kiang Nangbah Govt.
Unquote published in Mawphor, January 8,
Two persons from Mawbah and Jhalupara have tested positive for the virus. The testing of those in the containment areas is ongoing.
The recruitment in this regard is Basic and DA has done everything but the current Managing Director has said to recruit another one which they don't know.
Prestone said the position of the state government is that if they want to talk peace, the HNLC should stop its activities if they want to talk peace. .
The hard work has been completed as Centralized Oxygen supply and other supplies have started.
Police said that the relatives of the woman have lodged a complaint.
Meghalaya is in Group F along with Rajasthan, Mizoram and Maharashtra.
Shillong, Lber 07: Contract teachers who have been on indefinite strike have ended their strike after the Additional Chief Secretary in charge of teaching, Bah DP Wahlang called for a talk today.
“In Shiv there is a determination for the welfare of people and Shakti empowers us to achieve this determination.
Now with this change, they have been exempted from collecting taxes at the gates of the state government as well as at the gates of the District Councils.
This is an issue that the government has to think about not only for the youth to get government jobs but also in other jobs outside the government.
Shillong, March 20: The 29,970 voters of the 26-Shella Assembly Constituency will cast their votes tomorrow morning in the mid-term elections to elect one of the six candidates. to become MLAs for the remaining three years.
He said that the factories in Byrnihat, Umiam in Ri Bhoi District, Jaintia Hills, West Khasi Hills and Garo Hills have been allowed to open only if the owners have to pay. Take responsibility not to bring in foreigners if found, the factory will be closed down.
The Chief Guest on this occasion expressed his concern regarding this disease which can affect the life of the individual as well as the society.
I congratulate the Modi Government for recognizing the hard work of the indigenous women of Meghalaya.
The Dorbar has sent a letter to the BJP in Delhi and Meghalaya but no response has been received from the ruling party in Delhi.
Regarding MeECL, the union urges the office to expedite the repair of the electricity lines which have been cut off during the natural disaster. don't anyone get hurt.
In Mawlai, we have C&RD Block Office, PHC and CHC, Bank, Marten, Marketing Centre, FCI, ISBT, Slaughter House or Abattoir, Sanker, Polytechnic and NEHU and so on.
During these hours, the curfew has been lifted smoothly and the people have gone to buy and sell their goods especially inside the market and the people have left without any anxiety.
On the other hand, various churches have followed the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to stay away from each other as directed and by wearing hand sanitizers.
I have given only a few examples of outstanding leaders.
Samla Rimi Lyngdoh as President, Samla Berley Suchiang as Vice President, Dolystar Lyngdoh as General Secretary, Ioh Lapasam Asst General Secretary, Imidaoo Lyngdoh as Organizing Secretary, Finance Kampher Lyngdoh as Publicity Secretary. Secretary and about 20 Members.
This was announced by Dr H Bani.
In this regard, he demanded that a presidential rule should be introduced to curb terrorism.
Leaders of the KSU who went to respond to the incident ha Laitumkhrah on the 4th of June on the National Day convened by the KSU, Daniel Khynriem was the President of the party and Auguster Jyrwa was the General Secretary.
If the government does not want to make public the report which has been witnessed by 12 witnesses and in more than 20 hearings, it shows that the state government wants to hide the facts.
Air pollution makes it difficult for us to breathe and gets many kinds of diseases.
At present, peace has returned, but the police will continue to monitor the situation.
The JSU has expressed its gratitude and appreciation to the EC of JHADC under the leadership of CEM Thombor Shiwat for taking care of this issue by appointing a full committee known as the " PNAR ALPHABET COMMITTEE" for the purpose of reviewing and developing the alphabet of the PNAR language so that the Pnar language can be preserved for future generations.
It brought awareness to the challenges and opportunities ahead of the manufacturing hubs whereby opportunities for collaboration and contribution towards economic development were opened.
At the 5th Dorbar Pyllun, Sohblei Richard Majaw Vicar General invited the women to come and serve God according to the works and abilities they have and can give to Him. the pricing or ranking of the Service is free;  Who can say that the work of serving God requires knowledge or wealth or greatness? All these things don't matter, said Father Richard Majaw.
Shillong, November 20: The employees of Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL) today marched to Shillong to demand the payment of their salaries. of which has been left now for months.
On the same day, Bah Lamphrang Blah, MDC, moved a no-confidence motion under rule 22(1), to take up this motion on the next day, ie, on 20.10.2019 and after the discussion, the vote came and it was equal, that is, 14 MDCs. In this case, the Chairman uses the right to cast his vote, which without equality of votes cannot be cast. thep vote – QuoteUnquote – that is, according to the Chairman's opinion we don't talk, because that is another part, but we talk only about the path of the Chairman's vote. you have 14 votes to 15 votes; The Executive Committee led by Bah Teinwell Dkhar has been dissolved in accordance with Rule 22 (1) and Rule
There are 147 recoveries, 3 from East Garo Hills, 2 from East Jaintia Hills, 115 from East Khadi Hills, 8 from Ri Bhoi, 1 from South West Garo Hills and 3 from West Garo Hills. The total number of recoveries has risen to 15,9
It may be recalled that the HYC has raided in Mawbah, Polo, MUDA in Khyndailad and today they have conducted raids in Motphran, Stand Bhoi and Iewduh. to this payment.
Shillong, June 30: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has sent its condolences on the sudden passing away of Pynshai Buhphang President of Lad-Ryngud Unit on Tuesday.
The union condemns this move.
Other speakers on the occasion were Bah CP Mawkon, BDO, Khliehriat Block, Dr P Nongtdu, Principal, Jaintia Eastern College and SJha, Star Cement on behalf of Star Cement.
After this, he will leave for Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh, where he will inaugurate the Kashi Tamil Sangamam at 2 pm.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The Director General of Police, Dr. LR Bishnoi, today said that police have arrested two persons and seized heroin from them. to T.28 lakh.
During the inspection, it was found that the parking lot was empty and many tourist vehicles did not enter to park them.
Shillong, Nailr 19: The Martin Luther Christian University has conducted a free medical treatment at Umkdait village near Nongmynsong where the people have benefited from the medicines.
On the other hand, the Seng expresses its regret and strongly condemns these foreigners who have dared to touch the indigenous people until they have been seriously injured and we are surprised that until now they are still suffering because of their negligence and lack of police and government officials.
Shillong, Nailar 27: The response of the people in the mid-term MLA elections has been revealed today after the counting of votes.
Another objection of KHNAM is against the government's treatment of teachers in which they have to protest to demand their rights.
He praised the group for training the residents on how to protect and help others when natural disasters strike.
Many people have been killed and injured, houses, crops and livestock have been destroyed, human rights have been violated, economic development has come to a standstill and There are also many foreign nationals who don't have money and don't have money.
Khliehriat, July 21: It is surprising and unacceptable that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, has said in the media that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, The distance from Wapung to Khliehriat is only 10 kms and from Jowai to Wapung is only 22 kms.
“He said that the MHA's position is that the law of the State Government should not conflict with the law of the Central Government.
Shillong, Nailar 20: Police have arrested 12 persons suspected of involvement in the murder of Smith ha. Police suspect that there is a conspiracy in connection with this incident.
The BSF have handed over the seized money to the police station in Gumaghat. The BSF have also lodged a complaint for investigation. that this money was allocated to pay the smugglers.
He said that the BJP government has played with the increase in the price of beverages as well as petrol, diesel and LPG gas which has affected the people.
One of the tourist attractions in Sohra is Bri-Ki-Synrang. This road has been improved but has not been completed until it reaches this tourist attraction. there is a Dohnud stone, which has the image of a Dohnud on the Stone.
The old EC has paid only T.2.80 crore for the project, even if it is alleged that there is corruption.
The MLA expressed his desire that NEIGRIHMS Hospital will conduct a free health camp across the Mawryngkneng Constituency which the Director has approved.
The Chief Electoral Officer's Office has registered 379 candidates, 342 males and 37 females.
Urging the youth to join the KSU, he said that the members of the KSU do not mean only the students but all the youth or members of the jaidbynriew who are still talking about the issue of the jaidbynriew. responsibility individually and through the KSU to be a source of inspiration to the people.
Wellbirth Rani President of FKJGP, adding to the speech of the President of KSU, said that the 13 organizations will meet tonight to discuss and give their opinion to the government on the state government's intention to introduce amendments to the MRSS Act.
The PM GatiShakti National Master Plan (NMP) is a transformation strategy that paves the way for joint preparation and collaboration for integration and opportunities across the country.
Her efforts and innovations have opened up new opportunities in the field of lotus planting and textiles.
These office bearers were sworn in by the President of HANM, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani.
When asked whether the CBI, NIA or SIT should be appointed, the opposition leader said the government knows better. , on the Magisterial inquiry, he said that he had nothing to do with this incident.
It was here that the KSU through Bah Bull stood up to fight against the Nepalis who destroyed the nation and the protest lasted for 10 years.
At the end of the three-day Budget Session, the House also approved the Budget for the year 2021-2022, the KHAD (Administration of Elaka) Bill, 2021, the KHADC( Nomination and Election of the Syiem, Deputy Syiem and Electors of Nongstoin Syiemship) Bill, 2021, the  KHAD (Establishment, Management and Control of Market) Regulation Bill, 2021.
Shillong, Naitung 22: The Poor People Movement (PPM) in a public meeting held at Jaiaw Taxi Stand today said that the state government should implement the decision of the Supreme Court. in 2006 which stated that mothers who marry non-tribal children should no longer be recognized as tribal or schedule tribe.
To urge the KHADC authorities and the State Government to take into account the provisions of the Sixth Schedule, especially when the Hima Khasi States The State of Jammu & Kashmir has a special status under Article 370 of the Constitution of India.
CoRP President Bandari Ryntathiang has phoned the Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi District and Chairman of the District Water Sanitation Mission (DWSM), RM Kurbah. from the state.
The Cabinet has decided that the new salary of government employees will come into force until November next month. Dr Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
Speaking at the meeting were Katherine Marbaniang, General Secretary, EKHDCC, New Ryndong, District President, EKHDCC, Mary Ann Poshna, General Secretary, EKHDCC; Nongkrem Block Congress Committee, General Secretary NBCC, in the presence of Rangbah and Longkmie from different villages of the area.
Shillong, Nailur 19: The opposition MDCs in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) under the leadership of Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh today submitted a petition to the Minister in charge of District Councils, James K Sangma.
The existence of JHADC, KHADC, GHADC is on the basis of protecting the country and the nation through the rules and regulations which prohibit foreigners and foreigners from owning any area that affects the citizens. but it was not as we had hoped.
The objection now is that they are still looking at the location, because out of the three which will not be installed in Shillong, two will be at the Hydro office, one in Nongthymmai and one in Tura.
–: means members of the media who have not written it before publication.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, he said that the private university was established under the Act passed by the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly in 2011 and in 2017 it was amended. The Maharashtra Institute of Technology University has been appointed by the State Legislative Assembly.
The Union Minister said that we should work together to promote yoga and 'Yoga for all' is an essential issue to bring order and unite the entire world.
Sikkim has a total area of ​​7,096 sq.kms and a population of 5,70,0
The MVSA has decided to inform the higher authorities of the BSF, Meghalaya Frontier Headquarters about this tragic incident, which has affected the mind of Dr. Seiboklang Buam, a member of the BSF. Association.
After the incident, the Chief Minister announced that the government will spend on the treatment of Vikash.
The award is given annually by India Today. The award is given to the states on the basis of the performance of the state in the past three years. economy.
The allocation to the states to purchase sugarcane especially Meghalaya cannot be done.
Ampati, Jymmang 22: To mark the Month of Mental Health, the District Health District of South West Garo Hills District today launched a public march to raise awareness on the issue of mental illness.
Shillong, Lber 14: Five new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Shillong, Lber 14: Five cases have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills and one in Ri Bhoi District.
On the other hand, the students who have already passed the examination demanded that those involved in the passing of such people should be arrested.
However, the union expressed its surprise that the Rangbah Shnong has not invited only a few elders to attend the meeting.
Shillong, July 04: The Awaken India Movement (AIM) Meghalaya State Unit (AIM) has expressed its deep sorrow over the killing of two persons. I'm from Nongrah Village.
Bah Samlin said that when the language is alive, the nation is alive.
Speaking after the inauguration, Bah Roykupar explained the activities of the Seng and its journey since its inception until this year which will soon reach Mawmer its 50th Anniversary.
These candidates of KHNAM have vowed today that they will not turn away from the party when they win the election.
And we don't want to see the loss of our precious souls just because there is no Blood Bank.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 19: The Dorbar Shnong of Umktieh Nongshiliang, Khapamara PIC, Umiam PS, Ri-Bhoi District, has held a meeting to elect new office bearers.
In Sohra, the curfew will be from 8.00 pm to 6.00 pm on the 6th, while in Shella, the curfew will be from 10.00 pm to 2 pm. afternoon.
Therefore, the organization with the aim of ending drug abuse in this generation has taken this opportunity to raise awareness among the children, parents and teachers on the dangers of drugs.
This objection was expressed in a letter sent by the Council to the Government of India in April
In his career of more than 40 years, Desai has held various positions including DG, Films Division, Addl DG (Administration & Training), IIMC, CEO, CBFC. , was involved in the opening of the National Museum of Indian Cinema in Mumbai.
Looking at the release of payments for GST, back to back loans and adhoc IGST settlement, the remaining amount is only T.63,000 crore.
The announcement was made by Chief Election Commissioner Rajiv Kumar together with Election Commissioners Gyanesh Kumar and Sukhbir Singh Sandhu at Nirvachan Sadan, New Delhi today.
This training is conducted by AVENUES and lasts for 20 hours.
“These residents of Iewmawlong area as we have seen through social media their intention is to steal and eat in this restaurant and they intend to use force and violence in our state, the our place which we cannot tolerate and I thank the Police who arrived ahead of time who stopped before the clashes broke out," he said.
He said it is a great loss to the party and the state as a whole with the passing away of Dr Donkupar Roy who was the president of the party and also the speaker of the state assembly from When asked whether he is ready to take over the post of Speaker if the party proposes, Bah Rymbui said that he cannot say anything about it. Referring to the meeting of the PP of the UDP party, he said that the meeting of the PP of the party has not yet been fixed, but what he wants is that this the government should last five years until the end of this period.
Shillong, June 09: Former MLA of Mawkyrwat, Bah B Bires Nongsiej, 61, passed away this morning at his residence in Mawkyrwat. and he held him for a little while.
They said that the thieves who had robbed the places before they robbed knew the presence or absence of people and Mawlai Mawkynroh is the village with the fewest houses and residents in the country. In the morning, thieves often try to steal from houses or shops.
The Minister said that in the past years Meghalaya has had the highest number of underweight people and this has reached 46.5% but in the past few years it has been reduced to 29.6%. , while in India the prevalence of underweight is 7.9%.
When SP News Agency tried to ask many people what is the reason why people don't take up this job to work as a source of income from this pig farming industry, The first reason is the death toll during the dry season which cannot be prevented, the lack of food supply because it is too expensive to buy pig feed from the market can no longer generate income and when sold he is a pig.
Sree Bodhi Academy of Higher Education, No.186, Thilaspet, Vazhuthavoor Road, Puducherry-605009.
They should not interfere in the affairs of the Raid because they do not know the beginning and the end and they do not know the life and death of the Raid as a whole.
Any company that wants to operate 108 vehicles should cooperate with the owners of the state, the existing 108 employees.
Total number of people who have been checked is 24382 and 49391 people have been informed to the help line.
He said the central government has spent a lot of money on publicity.
Dr. Fenela Lyngdoh Nonglait is the Gold Medalist in Law.
: The CBC has organized a two-day Photo Exhibition & Information Session on the Freedom Fighters of the North East. and the school at Ramakrishna Mission Higher Secondary School, Mylliem.
The JSU said that there is a need for equality, justice, the rights of the individual, to protect the customs and traditions of the people. Shillong, Naitung 05: Leaders of the KSU in the presence of Samla Kitbok Lang Lamare, Samla Rimiki War and others have left for the meeting. The President of the Unit, Samla Kitbok Lang Lamare, said that the CHC has been in darkness since the light went out in the area. The CHC has become like an animal shelter, because the birth of children has to be covered with candles and touch lights, what will happen to the lives of people? you're dark.
Shillong, November 15: Eight cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills District, West Garo Hills District 1 today, bringing the total number of cases to
Mrs.B.Lyngdoh, Librarian and Resource Person, said that the library has been set up for the students to get the necessary books which have tens of thousands of books. e-resources purchased by the College and Open Educational Resources available online.
The Mawphlang Dam is the source of drinking water for Shillong and surrounding villages. The water level in the Mawphlang Dam has dropped significantly.
Manufacturing of IT equipment, capital goods and packaging is also allowed.
More than 500 people have received assistance from the BSF.
The meeting was held to demand compensation to the families of 6 residents of Mawjai village who were injured in a flood in the Tihiang River in Warsan Lyngdoh area. Nongstoin Market on the 22nd of this month.
Shillong, November 29: Five MLAs of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly today resigned. Four from the Congress, one from the UDP and two from the UDP have resigned. Independent.
“When asked about the bidding and tenders, he said, “This is in accordance with the government's directive, where the builder who bids the lowest price gets the job.
"He added that various requirements have been provided to the states for timely utilization of funds and making available resources under special programs or grants.
“Under Article 19 (1) A, B of the Constitution of India, no one is allowed to hold a meeting. struggle with peace without weapons.
The hearing today was on the ban on coal mining and the smuggling of coal and the allegation that there are children working in the coal mining industry and the death of people in South Garo Hills. you're going to have coal.
Many members of the party said that this is a forcing of the youth to take another path, because the arrest of the members of the party has been accused and committed.
To enrich the day, there were songs, dances and games by the students.
Speaking on Meghalaya and Assam, Sanbor in a letter sent today said that there are many areas which are in the middle of the dispute between Assam and Meghalaya and this has led to the many problems on the border and it has also created difficulties in the implementation of development projects.
and H.B Dan (HSPDP) from Nongjngi,8
The Commission has already implemented this in the last elections and will continue to implement it because if there are posters or any flags it will affect the voting.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04: Many members of the GNLA have started surrendering before the law due to police raids in two districts in East Garo Hills and South Garo Hills districts. .
The fish vendors also said that the Government should understand the problems of the fish vendors and traders as delaying the test report will put them in trouble.
Speaking to SP News Agency, one of the officials of the Shillong Smart City office, said that the suspension of the construction of the parking lot at Motphran under Mawkhar village is due to the change in the drawing. the parking lot.
At the same time, we have seen once again in these years and recently there have been discussions on the Khasi Jaintia State and also the demand from Ri Lum Garo on Garoland through the Garoland Movement Committee and even the Late PA Sangma. I would like to remind and explain to the children of the thousands that the demand for a Khasi Jaintia State from various quarters should be clearly understood. The demand must be on the basis of the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement (IOA & AA) otherwise they will be returned to the same ship without any protection as a separate nation.
According to the latest news received by the SP News Agency, this group has just emerged in these days and the police are still following up on it. they did not reject or accept this result of this rebellion.
Myntri Rangbah Duh held a meeting on 21.5.21 on this issue with the participation of Ministers and officers.
The Minister said that he had already said from the first day that the Roster is an ongoing process, indeed, it started in
HANM demands that the government should immediately appoint a special investigation team to investigate the incident so that the robbers can be arrested and punished according to the Lyndon Act.
Shillong, July 23: To commemorate the martyrs of the Indian Independence War, Pornima Banai, 60, was seriously injured and was taken to Dalu CHC. On the 30th of this month, a five-minute silence will be held across the state at 11 pm.
The Minister said that the amendment to the Meghalaya Profession Trade Calling and Employment Tax Act, 1947 has been introduced and it is not like this that everyone has to register everyone and this will be in their places. District Councils shall be taken by District Councils and in Government areas shall be taken by Government through the Revenue Department.
The march will start from the office of the party in Dkhiah and end at the ground floor of the office of the DC Khliehriat as a sign of protest against the killing of Ibamon Siangshai of Pamra Kmai.
Rotar Warjri, President, Marbel Star Warjri and Buksing Warjri, Vice President; Bah Wantar Warjri, Adviser; Bah Tairos Sing Warjri, Secretary; Mr. Pynshailang Warjri, Assistant Secretary; Kong Martidoris Warjri, Finance Secretary; Kong Dadi Warjri, Treasurer; Bah Maktur Sing Warjri, Publicity Secretary; and Bah David Warjri, Assistant Publicity Secretary.
The DoT urges the public to cooperate with the testing process and to remain calm if they receive a test alert.
After the discussion on the issue raised by Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh to demand that Meghalaya should be included under Article 371 for special protection, both the opposition and the government took part. After receiving a reply from the Minister in charge of the District Council, James K Sangma, the Deputy Speaker, who is in charge of the price, wanted to know whether Dr Ampareen will reject the demand.
During the meeting, they discussed three issues that affect all the Autonomous Councils in the North East.
For those who were stranded due to the collapse of the road, the police have provided assistance to rescue those stranded in the area, according to a statement from the East Jaintia Hills Police Department through you tweeted.
On the other hand, the BSF said that these cows were smuggled into Bangladesh with the intention of smuggling them into Bangladesh. The BSF had to seize them.
There are 158 recoveries from West Garo Hills, 70 from West Garo Hills, 65 from East Khasi Hills, 8 from South Garo Hills, 8 from East Jaintia Hills, 4 from Ri Bhoi and 3 from South West Garo Hills. There are 11094 cases.
During the inspection, the BDO found that the work has almost been completed and all that remains is to install the paidum.
Shillong, March 22: Union Minister of State for Minority Affairs Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi in ​​a meeting with Chief Minister Cornad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the schemes through the Ministry of Minority Affairs The Central Government Department will implement the project in all Districts of Meghalaya.
Although little is known about his life before this, historians say that he was born before the British occupied the Jaintia Hills in
Adjourn- The meeting shall not be held in the Legislative Assembly until the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly has appointed him.
However, in fact, the curfew has affected the movement and property of the people within 24 hours, but we as the leaders of the Bhalang We cannot pass by without taking protest measures to turn the attention of the Matlah government, especially in this regard, because the NH44 from Soomer West Jaintia Hills to Malidor East Jaintia Hills has been badly damaged. The government has been forgetting for many years without any repairs.
Referring to the incident which led to the anger of the mob to bomb the two elders, Bah Mawlong said, “We have received information that a man entered a house. a ksih, a khnoit and a set from the mouth of a woman who had five children and her husband had left and had not stayed with her.
The Government will review the rules to ensure that there will be no spread of the disease and at the same time to ensure that the people should not face any problems by introducing new rules. said the Chief Minister.
Nongrim Hills SC had more control of the ball but it wasn't until the 32nd minute when Glenny Lyngrah scored the first goal before he scored the second goal. second goal in the 45th minute.
“We don't have any objection to sending the letter to the Prime Minister.
Shillong, Nailur 19: Following the decision of the MUA-II government to fight against the influx of foreigners into Meghalaya, the East Jaintia Hills District Congress (DMDC) has approved the infiltration of foreigners into Meghalaya. The Committee has expressed its support to the Chief Minister on his position on the ILP. The state government has said that the Congress party from the district has met and discussed the issue regarding the ILP and the outcome of the protest by these civil society groups. The president of East Jaintia Hills DCC said that the demand of the civil society and political parties has no value in fact because they have the means. to protect as the Sixth Schedule which gives a lot of power to protect the entry of people to bar.
He said that the youth of this area can compete with others without relying on the special job allocation.
Dr A War said that the test was conducted at all the notified places and the test was conducted by Antigen Kit Test. You have to confirm the RTPCR Test.
The Commission, headed by CEC Rajiv Kumar together with ECs, Gyanesh Kumar and Sukhbir Singh Sandhu, is looking into pending complaints across the country on a daily basis regarding allegations of violations of the MCC and timely and expeditious steps were taken towards these.
The RCSDDC invites all the residents of the Civil Sub Division which will be inaugurated by the Chief Minister, Bah Prestone Tynsong to come to Ranikor on this day. This memorable day was celebrated in the village and the entire area.
The recipients of this assistance are the groups working under the FOCUS scheme and the aim is to revive agriculture and improve the income of the farmers. state.
Sohtun said he would go to inspect the area tomorrow morning and he had invited the head of MeECL, Umling Block and other government officials.
Dr Nonglait said that in 2016, the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kiren Rijiju, said that the introduction of the language is based on the feelings of the people. It is the feeling of the Khasi people and if there is a need to march in Delhi, the party is ready.
The same figure was repeated in 2019, when KHADC received T.34.87 crore, GHADC T.31.40 crore and JHADC T.11.62 crore.
Replying to a supplementary question, he said that MeECL pays T.2.50 tyngka to the company that operates the Gateway Payment and if it is too much, it is the responsibility of the banks to charge the payment fee. through them.
Monitor, arrest and punish those who misuse the internet but not to punish the public like this while the internet thieves are free.
On this day, the market especially the Iewduh has been running smoothly amidst the strengthening of security forces.
The SSA teachers under the umbrella of the All Meghalaya SSA School Teachers Association (AMSSSATA) on Tuesday waited for hours to meet with the Minister of Education, Rakkam A. Sangma. regarding the demand to increase the salaries of SSA teachers which has not been increased for five years.
Mihsngewbha Rymbai won a gold medal in the Master Women's 80 kgs Left Hand, a silver medal in the Master Women's 80 kgs Right Hand and a bronze medal in the Senior Women's 80 kgs Left Hand.
When it comes to politics, you have two candidates for the BJP ticket from the 17-Shillong North Constituency. I am now a member of the BJP party and I have been a member of the BJP for five years in this politics. The work of the person, as in other states, the person who is in charge of the party leadership, the party does not look after the work.
Through this statement, the Seng strongly warns against all those who allow the authorities to enter illegally without permits, the Seng will not forgive but will take the necessary action.
Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills Rituraj Ravi said that he personally visited the house of Bah Dhar which was hit by a petrol bomb and we are conducting an investigation.
Thank you very much to the Publicity Secretary, HNLC, in a statement.
It is sad to see that in India until now there has been no law to ban this superstition.
Another Khasi-Pnar was identified as Nasar Kyndait, 33, from Dkhiah, East Pohnong.
Shillong, Naitung 28: The Mawlai Cleaners Association (MCA) on Friday continued its program to hold the Swacch Bharat Summer Internship Program 2018 with the participation of students of MCA. Mawlai Mawiong which started from 1MLP Battalion and ended at the hall of 1MLP Battalion where school children, boys and girls, members and volunteers of the organization took part in this program in collaboration with the 1MLP Battalion. Nehru Yuva Center Shillong.
Shillong, Nailar 18: U Bah Michael Warjri Secretary of Nongspung Hima on Tuesday said that he has been arrested by Tapon Kalita of Mirza village in Assam for opposing the construction of two bridges. Roads from Assam to Meghalaya which fall under the Nongspung Hima in Ri Bhoi District.
The participation of people from all over the world in the video competition on the title 'My Life – My Yoga' shows the spread of Yoga. state.
According to reports from Tura, the collapse of the stadium was from the east side, which means from another part of the stadium and not from the same place where it collapsed earlier.
The total number of voters in Meghalaya for the MLA election 2018 is 18,30,104 lakh and there are 3082 polling stations across the state and all voters have Election Photo Identity.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The President of the National People's Party (NPP) Conrad K Sangma today left for Ampati Constituency for the upcoming mid-term elections. 28th of this month.
Pyniaid said that so far 28 farmers have registered for the project.
A Whatsapp group (We care) has also been launched to communicate and provide assistance to the employees of the department who have been infected with COVID-19, he said.
Speaking as the chief guest, Prestone Tynsong said that the inauguration of the Sub-Division was in honor of the Minister of State Conrad K Sangma and the MDA government itself.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that Ramson Sutnga, Executive Engineer, Bah Ramson Sutnga, Executive Engineer, at one of the meetings of the President of the State, Dr.WR Kharlukhi, said that According to reports, the State President of the NPP party, Dr Kharlukhi, has announced that Bah Ransom will be the candidate of the NPP. NPP in the 2023 MLA elections, said that this action is against the rules of procedure of the government.
The alleged robbery of the vehicle of the Prime Minister by this person happened while the Prime Minister was in the middle of the program to inaugurate the new building of the Sein Jaintia at the area.
In this regard, the FKJGP Shillong has held a public meeting at Mawkhar to urge the government to punish those involved.
Technological development, the introduction of new designs and the availability of strong factories to support, all these will help the garment industry to grow rapidly in the next 40 years.
The HYC leaders said that they do not understand how these foreigners can come and work at will in our state while our youth are still crying that there is no job.
The KSU will not stand idly by in this regard but will continue to follow up to find out the secret intention of these soldiers and horkit hordang. Planning Unit.
On the other hand, Samla Ohibait Dkhar, Leader of the KSU from Jaintia Hills, said that the robbery of children in the state has increased from time to time.
I am confident that all MPs will ensure that this budget season will be fruitful".
Erwin K Syiem Sutnga President of MPLUu has expressed his gratitude to the Director General of Police of Assam for arresting three persons who shot dead one of the tourists from Meghalaya. ha u month ball dep.
Shillong, Nailar 25: The Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya (which includes the Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, the Sirdarship, the Council of Dolloi and the Council of Nokmas) has received information. The passing away of Ma Lyngngong Snieh, Dolloi of Nongjngi District, Jaintia Hills District, today.
It is the choice of a brighter future for our children.
Shillong, July 16: U Bah SA Rynjah Superintendent of Police (City) in a statement today said that in these days it has been seen that there are some people who take advantage of social media posts. to bring about ethnic differences.
As the Prime Minister has not implemented these rules, the party has decided to hold a strike on the 25th of this month. During this visit, they will meet with the officials of the Election Commission of India.
The Minister's visit to the PPSP was to understand how to address the electricity shortage faced by Meghalaya.
The College has sent four students to write the examination and two have passed and one in the first grade.
There is also a Detailed Project Report (DPR) being prepared for the Shillong Eastern Bypass to build a 138 km long road from Mawlyngkhung, Mawryngkneng, Jowai and Ratacherra.
Taking the statement of Bah Prestone Tynsong, who is also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Ministry of Home Affairs, as political nonsense, Bah Nongtraw said, “In the The statement of Bah Tynsong regarding the issuance of the summons by the Court to me as General Secretary, it is clear that the statements he made are baseless statements.
The Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, Dr. Mukul Sangma, has expressed his deep sorrow over the passing away of former Chief Minister Bah JD Rymbai. he finds out from the cooperation, he prays that the soul may find eternal rest.
The meeting was attended by MPCC President Vincent H Pala, CLP Leader Dr Mukul Sangma, Working President Dr Amapreen Lyngdoh, AICC Secretary Charles Pyngrope. Shillong, Naiwieng 18: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYF) today expressed its anger over the allegation of Phatimai. Kharbhih on the 15th of this month, the union demands that the mother should apologize within one day, said Beti Jyrwa.
Regarding the allegation by one of the party leaders in connection with the incident ha Sohshrieh, because people get information only from the media, the party today She explained to the party office bearers the party's position and the government's decision to appoint an independent inquiry into the incident.
He sent this letter because the soil erosion not only affects the crops but also affects the climate because the destruction of trees and shrubs. The weather and the heat of the sun are also increasing and besides that it is also destroying the water sources.
According to the tender for the construction of the 1.90 km road, the cost is T.2.80 crore for the construction of six types of works.
Bah Pynshngian said that in fact the support should have been withdrawn and the NC should have been brought in. Don't mislead the people. Speaking on the occasion, Bah HS Shylla, while introducing the NC, said that the appointment of Judges in the KHADC Court, how the Professional Tax has been deposited, the He also criticized the PDF for not giving money to the KHFC. He also spoke on the PDF why the office of KHADC has been destroyed. Those who supported him in the House are Bah D Wallang, Mr. PT Sawkmie, Mr. J Tynsong, Mr. L Blah, Mr. P Syiem.
All MLAs have been directed to send the names of the items they are interested in purchasing so that the DCs can release the money.
The burnt down office belongs to the Executive Engineer of PWD Nongstoin and the office of KHADI belongs to the Meghalaya Khadi and Village Industries Board at Pyndengrei Nongstoin in West Khasi Hills.
The PCR test is the best way to get the right results, he said. Those who have used the Rapid Test Kits have been tested today by the PCR test. Negative.
“I am looking forward to Ampareen to be an example in speaking English, she said let us respect this house,” said Renikton.
On the same day, Bah Pyniaid also met with the Chief Engineer of PWD to discuss the matter. this is the case with the Minister in charge of this government department.
The BSF troops on receipt of the truck turned to Bangladesh suspected the driving style of the truck and drove and arrested the truck. to seize up to 31 muid.
Ebina Nongkhlaw said that during the celebration of International Domestic Workers Weeks, the union will inform all domestic workers regarding the need for social security and maternity leave.
Shella-Bholaganj C&RD Block today held a program at Laitkynsew village where the Member of the National Commission for Women, New Delhi, Delina Khongdupka, gave information on various schemes of the Central Government. participates.
The Chancellor, who is in his village in Bihar, said he would visit his sick father who is in the ICU. Sharma said he would come after his father's illness has recovered.
Action planning to enhance capacity in tax affairs should precede implementation to ensure the achievement of sustainable development goals for developing Member States.
Health in India, health in India is the purpose of Ayush's revival.
“Therefore, we demand that the seats for Meghalaya should be increased from the current academic session,” he said.
Speaking to reporters after the opening of the Central Executive Council (CEC) meeting, UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh said the party has always had confidence in the people of UDP. Shella Constituency to elect a new candidate for the upcoming MDC elections as Bah Teiñwell in his 25 years as MDC has done many things for the constituency. .
Shillong, June 01: HANM Assistant Secretary Wraiwan Sohtun today said that the HANM has lodged a complaint with the Superintendent of Police of East Khasi Hills against the President of the CWC Shella constituency. Gopal Dey alleged that it was the KSU that took the lives of two people who died in Ichamati these days.
The government wants the division of MDC constituencies not only in one or two district councils but in all three districts. Council.
In a complaint signed by CWC President Shella Block, Gopal Dey, the state government has demanded the immediate arrest of those involved in the killing of Ishan Singh and Sujit Dutta in Ichamati on the 27th and They also demanded to hand over the investigation to the CBI/NIA if the State Police fail to arrest the perpetrators within a day, to pay compensation to the relatives of the two victims and to ensure the safety of the victims. Hindu foreigners who have settled in Ichamati and surrounding villages.
Arphul Kharbani, Chairman of the High Level Committee and other leaders who came from Shillong and Nongstoin.
Police have arrested these two suspects on suspicion of involvement in the robbery on the basis of witnesses and CCTV footage. The suspects were arrested on a bike number ML-05-K-9
Tympang Maya Tariang, 58, of Nongtalang, Saralin Mylliem Umlong, 45, of Umlyngka, EK Hills, Shillong, were arrested.
At the same time, the Minister urged the people not to be afraid that the government is with the people.
The farmers have to leave the fields because they don't have enough land to feed them.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, who is also the MLA of Mairang, today laid the foundation stone for the construction of the Mairang Block Office in the presence of the Minister. Hamletson Dohling, Head of Rural Development.
The government has written to the Kolkatta police and other state governments to search for Dey but till now there has been no information from other states and the government has not stopped to search for him. .
Therefore, this is the time to surprise people before the disaster strikes.
According to the latest news received by the SP News Agency, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, after returning from the Behdienkhlam festival in Jowai, has left for Delhi to meet with the central government authorities to seek assistance. Meghalaya has also been severely affected by the heavy rains in these days.
The Seng wants to know from the government before it implements this prison how much is the estimated sanction and whether the government will continue to improve these houses which have been destroyed and the estimated sanction. The Seng doesn't want to implement the project. If it happens again, it will affect the money of the people and it will affect the money of the people. On the other hand, the Seng wants the government to complete the process and the Seng will not hesitate to monitor this even if it should request RTI.
If you look at Assam, what a surprise and what is new coming to Assam.
However, after Meghalaya has already allocated sufficient land to Assam, it is clear that Assam has no basis to accept those lands which are now in the midst of mutual dispute. , or Assam cannot verify those lands that it claims to belong to Assam.
The one-day screening of children's films in the state will be held in different parts of the state and tomorrow morning at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: U Secretary of Nongspung Hima, Bah Michael Warjri, who has been arrested by the Assam Police after his house in New Balakhawa was robbed by robbers, has been arrested by the Assam High Court. bah guarantee.
Police are conducting a thorough investigation into the theft of the bikes. After a thorough investigation, police will take action against the perpetrators. you're bad.
Customs investigation revealed that these drugs were intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh.
The Minister also expressed his concern over the quality of programs on OTT platforms by saying that OTT platforms have a responsibility to ensure that their platforms do not spread evil and to prevent this as you're right.
Speaking to reporters, the president of the party, Bah Starwin Kharjana, said that the party will wait until the end of this year for the government to implement their demands. ha street.
COMSO also explained that if the ILP is granted in Meghalaya, the Citizenship Amendment Act will not apply in Meghalaya and through this Act it will prevent the influx of foreigners.
“I have already informed the Dorbar Shnong Mawsynram about the problems faced by the people even to use only two or three rivers for transportation, but as I have witnessed until these days. “It has remained the same without any action through the village because many international politicians have turned it into a trade department,” he said. MLA Bah Olan Sing Suiñ and MDC Bah Alvin K. Sawkmie to take action by finding ways and means how to solve the problems of the people of the constituency.
Even an inch of the land of the people should not go to Assam.
The JSU is especially concerned that this bridge is very important for the people of RI War Jaintia and also connecting West Jaintia Hills District with East Jaintia Hills District. The farmers have been affected by the lack of vehicles to pass from one side to the other of the Lakroh River.
There was also a suggestion from some VECs that the Social Audit should not be accurate as part of helping the VECs to get more information.
In another letter, the CEM of KHADC urged the Chief Minister to provide 108 Ambulances for the two C&RD Block, Laitkroh-Khadar C&RD Block and Shella-Bholaganj C&RD Block. .
The Central Government has written to temporarily suspend the preparation of the expenditure on this road as no decision has been taken yet. the income of the people of the area.
The clash between the Khasi-Pnars and the Karbi in Lapangap village has occurred after it was alleged that the Karbi have cut down the trees planted by the Pnars on Lum Moo Pyrdet Pynthor to strengthen their identity. own this bag.
Ampareen congratulated Bah Ardent for raising the issue of kilograms of agricultural products in the market in the Legislative Assembly. Agriculture will take action on this so that farmers and traders will not be affected.
The AICU urges the Prime Minister to treat the floods as a loss in the country and the Central Government should immediately release them. The funds will be used to provide assistance to the refugees as requested by the state governments in these states which are located near the coast.
Maligaon, July 04: The Northeast Frontier Railway (NRF) has announced that in the past few days, unidentified persons have thrown stones at the Vande Bharat Express.
In his speech, the Chief Minister said that the support given to other states of India should be given to the states of the North East and Meghalaya. enjoy these benefits.
He said the party is pleased to inform the people of Bru u Hynniewtrep and especially the students that the government has called for talks. It also requires the full support of the people so that the government can understand the importance of this demand of the party and which has been the demand of the Hynniewtrep people.
The Education Cell of KSU South West Khasi Hills District will collect the issues of education in the rural areas and soon we will meet with the relevant authorities of the education department to inform them about the issues of education. right in the village.
Legislation – In matters of legislation concerning subjects of common interest passed by the Assam Legislature there should be some machinery either by representation in that legislature or otherwise set up whereby the legislation, where necessary, can be adopted or modified to suit the conditions and circumstances existing in the Khasi Hill.
However, these companies have violated this law by completely clearing up to 18 square kilometers of forest land.
The deceased were identified as Phisar Nongrum, 75, Kynmaw Syngai, 70, Benti Riahtam, 60 and Master Lumlang Riahtam,
So far in 2023, the DRI has seized more than 2800 kilos of Heroin, Methamphetamine and Ganja worth more than T.199 crore in the North East and arrested 28 people involved in smuggling these drugs. drunk.
During the raid, many of the illegal drug dealers left them just to escape the hands of the police.
The villagers of Nongtalang will ask the government authorities when they can meet to discuss the issue, as those who oppose the way bridge say that if it should be done, it should be done together. all not just in one place.
On the other hand, Bah Byrsat said that the KHADC will convene a special session to pass the Regulation and Administration of Land Bill, Nongstoin MLA Macmillan Byrsat, who is also the Chairman of the Meghalaya State Law Commission, said that the Bills will be sent to the Governor for approval.
The union strongly condemns the actions of VC Prof SK Srivastava and demands that he should be punished.
The Chief Minister said that since 14th June 2020, this employee has been under Home Quarantine and on 16/04/2020 she tested negative. The positive result is now the third test.
The takeover by the Government will be limited to schools run by private individuals, other groups and village schools.
Once completed, Bah Shylla will run the hotel and pay the MTDC a monthly fee for 33 years as promised.
Today, 2 cases have been confirmed from Ri Bhoi District, bringing the total number of recoveries in the state to 13870 and the total number of deaths in the state to
According to information received by the SP News Agency, the Bolero (ML01 1886) was parked near the office at the time of the fire.
This decision shall not be taken by the Central Government.
Minister of Corporate Affairs.
Shillong, July 31: A group of women's organizations from the BJP from Meghalaya, Sikkim, Nagaland and other states of the North East today visited Sylbi Passah. who received the Padmashree.
From Meghalaya, another teacher has been selected for the award, Babu Madhav Singh, a teacher at Alpha English Higher Secondary School, Lumsohdanei Nongpoh, Umling Block, Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, July 25: Debraj Debbarma has been the winner of the Pride of Shillong: Cherry Blossoms drawing competition organized by the Rotary Club Shillong in collaboration with DIPR. Henry B Nongrum came second and the third place went to Leeno Shylla and Dondor War Tariang.
Shillong, Nailar 01: After the resignation of Boby Basaiawmoit as General Secretary of HANM, the party today held a meeting of the High Level Committee of the party. Cyprian Skhar has been elected as the new General Secretary of the party.
He said that so far there are five centers in the state, one is the First MLP Battalion at Mawiong which can provide services for East Khasi Hills and the other is the Second MLP Battalion. The Third MLP Battalion will provide services to the people of West Garo Hills.
When the people oppose, what is the need to act quickly?
Lunia Marketing Private Limited Bara Bazar has placed the phone number of the company on each bag of rice and if the buyers find any difference in the rice they can call company and on behalf of the company if it is necessary to replace the rice they will replace it.
He said that the State Government often opposes especially from the Ministers even when there is a special decision for the Regular Casual Workers who have worked for more than 10 years that if they leave the post. to appoint them without the need to change anything else but within a few days they were appointed by people who had nothing to do with getting that job.
Shillong, Naitung 31: U Mukul Wasnik has arrived in Shillong tonight and tomorrow morning he will meet with the Congress MLAs alone at Congress Bhavan to listen to the problems they are facing and what is good for them. The Congress government has been in power in the state.
Shillong, November 07: Replying to a question by Dr. Vinay P. Sahasrabuddhe in the Rajya Sabha, Union Home Minister Kiren Rijiju said that the allocation of funds has been increased. to join the army in those states where there is a lot of insurgency.
Shillong, Nailur 25: The Cabinet meeting held today has decided to assist the farmers of the state by paying the interest of the farmers who take the loan known as “ Kisan Credit Card".
In a letter sent to the Minister of Home Affairs, the union said that in the past few months, more than three people have been abducted and demanded money from their family members. no shame.
The inspection was on the condition of the bridge which has been damaged and damaged due to the movement of trucks after the collapse of the Belly Brigde constructed by the Border Road Organization (BRO). just a year later.
At this public meeting, the Chief Minister said that many of the people have had to shun gap when they are sick because they don't have the opportunity to go for treatment outside the state. Therefore, those who receive treatment have to spend a lot of money to go abroad for treatment.
There are some lower income groups who do not participate in this scheme.
Mawjari, Mawjari, Mawsngi, Nonglang, Nonglang, Domtiehsaw, Langja, Mawkhap, Kyrdum, Umthlu, Umthlu, Umtheh and Mawmmare.
He said that the law passed in 2014 which was rejected by the Governor of the state is not enough and it needs to be strengthened to avoid illegal contacts with companies.
The first inhabitants and important events in the past, the legends of the village, the Bri Kur, the Dong and Kyntoit.
He said that according to the Act, if the youths who have been reported to the churches do not register within six months, they will be arrested and imprisoned. The Congress and the HSPDP support such a bill and have signed it without looking into it.
The residents of this area have expressed their dissatisfaction with the behavior of the PWD. A public meeting will be called soon to discuss before the election.
Shillong, Nailar 22: The Mawthadraishan Block Congress Committee (MBCC) has been dissolved on the 12th of this month.
In the 2023 MLA elections, in Garo Hills, he was the only MLA from the Congress party. The party has nominated him as the MP candidate to contest from Tura Parliamentary Seat. Agatha K Sangma, Sitting MP for Tura, has been elected for three terms.
Shillong, Lber 06: The former President of India, Missile Man, in his speech to the students of St. Anthony's College today, said that they should not think too much but should understand that no matter how they are and how they will be.
Speaking to SP News Agency, he said that he is pleased to receive the Civil Sub Division which they started demanding in 1996 as the leader of the pork. Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma has inaugurated the Civil Sub Division.
"Whether it is at any time, any month or any year, Modi works only for the welfare of the country and its people," he said, acknowledging the support of those who are present on this day.
The counting of votes will be on 19/4/2024 and the re-polling will be on 4/6/2024 and the election related activities should be completed on 6/6/2
I appeal to my fellow citizens not to allow the corona virus to spread to new areas.
The counting of votes started at 7.00 pm and ended at 4.00 pm.
The Congress leader, who is a hard worker who knows the loss of the party's position within the MPCC, has also alleged that his departure from the party is due to the lack of it. the smooth running of the party.
Hundreds of supporters of Dr Khongjee attended the rally to show the BJP leaders that the people of Sohra Constituency want the party to give the Dr Khongjee has been elected as the MLA Election
The certification, which looks through 7 key areas, looks at how care is provided by nurses in a safe, efficient and respectful manner.
As the chief speaker, Prof. Karanam Pushpanadham of MS University, Baroda congratulated NERIE-NCERT for setting this topic for a special discussion in line with the new education policy-2 .
If the District authorities continue to raid the houses or take away the members of the party, it does not mean that they are intimidating us but the strong ground against uranium and they have been ready even if it reaches Kano. any part.
Therefore, we understand that farmers are the backbone of society, just as a tree needs strong bones to grow or just as a car needs petrol to run.
(SP NEWS).
The driver of the Maruti Van ML05-H-8838 was arrested by the police.
It is surprising that those youths who have their accounts with SBI have already received them and those who have their accounts with MCAB or MRB have not yet seen them.
The area falls under the jurisdiction of Rongra Police Station in South Garo Hills District, and the BSF troops who worked together are from the 43 battalion of the area.
Banjop Pynrongope MDC of the Congress said that they have also held talks with the MDC of Mairang to congratulate the CEM. He said that he hopes that MDC Batkshem Ryntathiang will return to the Congress party.
Until now, we have not been able to introduce the provisions of this Act because we have not been able to set up an Advisory Board,” said Bah Paul.
They were welcomed to the party by Bah Alexander L. Hek who is also the Minister of State in the presence of State General Secretary Bah Evarist Myrsing, State Vice President Bah Khraw Basaiawmoit and others. party officials.
Sneha Biswa came second, Vandana Borkatoky came third and Ibakemlang Lyngdoh came fourth.
The Chairman of the Employment Cell of the KSU said that the KSU has repeatedly requested the government departments to recruit first in jobs other than foreigners as the recruitment of foreigners is an announcement. When conducting interviews or appointments, the State should be invited first because as the villagers they have the right to demand for the welfare of the youth without any discrimination. the state.
Referring to the MBOSE, the Chief Minister told the teachers that the government will appoint a full-time Chairman and he should have knowledge of school affairs.
Shillong, Nailur 17: The Border Security Force (BSF) on the border between Meghalaya and Bangladesh today arrested a Bangladeshi Khar who was trying to enter Meghalaya. .96000/- in Indian Rupees.
The INC, BJP, AITC, NPP, RPI, UDP, VPP, HSPDP and independent candidates have contested the MLA elections.
Shillong, Iaiong 24: The work on phase III of the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme has been slow. .
Indradhanush Gas Grid Limited (IGGL), a joint venture of four CPSEs (IOCL, ONGC, GAIL, OIL and NRL) was appointed on the east and west.
Leaders of the Hill Farmer Unions (HFU) today met with the CEM Pyniaid Syiem and the EM of the Market Grace Marry Kharpuri.
However, the central government should provide financial assistance to address the problems, he said at Rajiv Bhavan.
We must strongly condemn the illegal actions of the Government and we must fight hard for the preservation and protection of the independence of the Lokayukta office.
He also congratulated the leaders and members of the party who, according to him, have been the leaders and supporters in many ways to provide services to the people of the state.
(iii) Any government document certifying the nationality.
Nomination papers should be submitted on or before the above date to the Chairman or Secretary of the Election Committee.
Under the leadership of Samla Reuben Najiar President and General Secretary Samla Jason Laloo, the union has informed the management of Longkmie Gas Agency about the complaints received from the residents of Laban area regarding the supply of gas. fewer tires per year, that is, only 10 per year.
Now we are facing the issue of uranium mining, the most dangerous and harmful mineral.
The Cabinet has decided to appoint Colonel MM Singh to the Military Board in Tura.
This year, Ram Krishna Higher Secondary School, Mylliem has won the title.
Police have arrested several persons on suspicion of involvement in the stone throwing.
During the visit, the Prime Minister directed the authorities in charge of the construction of the road to repair it immediately. They have been able to complete the repair of this road for two months.
For the Leader of the Opposition in the House, the salary has been increased from T.63,250/- to T.1,07,000/-.
