The total number of recoveries has risen to 339 including 9 recoveries today. These 9 cases are 5 cases from East Khasi Hills District, 2 cases from civilians, 1 case from BSF and 2 from the Armed Forces and 4 from Ri Bhoi District.
If the MBOSE continues to ignore the guidelines/criteria, it will become a killer because the part-time dropout rate of children will increase.
Shillong, July 17: The Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, AT Mandal today approved the recognition of Dr Donkupar Roy as the Leader of the Opposition in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly. .
The three villages are Mynriah under Mawkynrew Block, Nongpriang and Laitryngew under Shella Bholaganj Block. .
The same case was also lodged by the Chairman and Secretary of Banan and Nongtalang villages on 03.06.2013.
This is to help the farmers to increase their income. Regarding the price of fertilizers, the government has decided to halve the price to the farmers of the state so that they can benefit. This was announced by Dr. Vijay Kumar D, Head of Cooperation Department, Government of Meghalaya.
These Committees should submit their report within 45 days. The discussion will focus on the history, the number of people, the proximity of places to the location of government offices, the proximity to the border and the feelings of the people. the people who live in those places.
This was announced by KSU Publicity Secretary Macdonald Marbaniang.
The tournament will start this month and will leave for Delhi on the 20th of this month.
T.50,000 crore has been allocated for the development of the new Greenfield Airports and the Government has approved this.
Shillong, Lber 18: The Executive Committee of the Darrang Dorbar Shnong together with the Darrang Tourism Promotion and Development Society (DAS) on Tuesday decided to temporarily ban the entry of tourists into the Darrang Tourist Spot. .
The state government has increased only festivals in the state like Bear Fest, Lantern Fest, Cherry Blossom Fest and 30 types of festivals.
When everyone has done and spoken wrongly, they have started to do wrong from their jobs, their dress, their way of life, their behavior, and there is no hope that this world will reach the path of righteousness. and the truth over time.
Saikia said that the incident lasted for about 2:30 pm, the reason was that the nor rod that was stabbed him had passed through the blood vessel, this is a very surprising incident.
: The PFR Football Academy, which is a football training centre, has launched a football training center for the children of Pomlakrai, Nongkrem, Laitkor and Smit. opened another training center at Mawpynthih village in East Khasi Hills.
Prestone said that if there are those who have not registered with the government, if there are still those who do not want to return to the state, the government has appointed three officers to inform them. Assistant Transport Commissioner (M) 7005629354, District Transport Manager of MTC Tura (M) 8974254116 and Pool Officer (M)
On the other hand, the police were surprised to see that the MLA of North Shillong Constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, had arrived in front of the Secretariat with the leaders and the Magistrates. Mr. Adelbert did not appear before the Secretariat.
In Districts or Sub Divisionals, those who do not have the transfer of posts from one District to another District shall mean those Grade III or Grade IV posts appointed through DSCs or appointed by Government Departments. Instead of 40% Khasi and 40% Garo, Garo should have 80%, which means that in Garo Hills, Garo will get 80% and in Khasi Hills, Khasi will get 80%. you agree.
This day is the day of honor for all the saints, both known and unknown, who have dedicated themselves for the sake of God.
At present, there is no coal mining in the state.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah A Bina, Assistant Secretary of the Raid Nongtung Hima Dorbar, said that the meeting has decided to hold the Shad Lakhompong which is the traditional dance of the Raid Nongtung. in which as citizens of the decision we all took part.
The villages where the MRSSA has been implemented should include the Rangbah Shnongs,” he said.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and the Dorbar Shnong Laitkor have been shocked to learn that a foreigner has been operating for 15 years without a Trading License. to the District Council.
These devices were found by Silnang R. Marak, of Asiragre village in East Garo Hills District, Meghalaya. The devices were found to be PS-20 meteomodem made in France. was found in the yard of his house.
He has received the District Certificate of Honor from the State Government in 2001, the Seng Khasi Award, the Seng Kmie Honorary Award (2008); khusnam State award (2005); khusnam People’s Choice Award NETV (2005); khusnam National Award for teachers (2006).
In this regard, the government will provide training to the people of Sohra area to understand how to apply for this permit, as the mining of coal will now be according to the new era and not like before.
The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, in reply to a question by SP News Agency regarding the opening of the Secretary of the North Eastern Council (NRC) Ram Muivah at the ICAR, on 25th July 2018, according to The Deputy Commissioner said that ICAR is a research institution, it is a training institution, so it will not fall under the model code of conduct.
On the other hand, he has been following up on the construction of the ATM because he wants it to be completed soon for the benefit of the people of the area, said Bah Gigur.
Reniktone L Tongkhar won from the HSPDP while Lambor Malngiang won as an independent candidate.
There are 28 recoveries today, 14 from East Khasi Hills, 5 from West Garo Hills, 3 from East Garo Hills, 2 from Ri Bhoi, 2 from South West Khasi Hills. The total number of recoveries in the state has risen to 11883 people.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The Director of NEIGRIHMS, Dr DM Thappa today informed the public that those who are sick and cannot come to get medicine can call the numbers set by the hospital. meaning from them to get treatment.
Even the Assam government.
The CEM of KHADC said that these kinds of songs are almost found in this age and heritage.
On the other hand, the contractors and employees, if they don't have a work permit, they have violated the law, but if the union goes to the Labor department to ask, they say they don't know the law. The General Secretary of the KSU said that the Worpermit is necessary because it requires a certificate certified by the police of the state. The second is that the permit is for 179 days and after the expiry of that period it has to be renewed.
“The Council has decided to send out those who have been allowed to stay overnight in the shops on or before 1st July 2024,” said the CEM. to send 10 Enforcement Police of the District Council to assist the Police of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima to patrol every night to avoid theft and robbery of shops in Iewduh.
Two persons have died of the disease today, bringing the death toll to 193 in the state.
The residents are directed to follow all these rules as directed, to maintain social distancing, not to gather people, to cooperate with the Rangbah Shnong, District authorities, Police.
Four cases of influenza like disease have been confirmed from IGP, Keating Road, GS Road and Barapathar.
He said that the growth of AT&C in Garo Hills may increase but “it is our duty to reduce it as soon as possible.
“The shortage of meat cutters is due to the fact that the government has not issued any ban and they are no longer allowed to cut meat in the villages or places where they used to cut meat. inside the village.
Those who wish to participate can come to the audition on the 25th of this month at Youth Hostel Lachumier Shillong.
Shillong, Nailur 15: Answering a question by Winnerson D Sangma, Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong said in the House that the government has already released T.4.42 crore for the construction of the road. to Zikzak-Mahendraganj road.
Although electricity has been installed in the village, the sad thing is that the light has already been installed but the light is not available. “They have to stay in the dark,” said the Sordar of Bah Pahnbuh.
The incident occurred at about 12 noon.
Shillong, Naitung 25: More than 150 farmers, farmers, farmers, including garment manufacturers, attended an awareness program organized by the Martin Luther Christian University (MLCU) and the Society for Promotion. of SPIKAP, was held at St Michael's Sec School, Umsning, Ri-Bhoi District.
At the time of writing, no information has been received that there will be any tragic incident.
Shillong, Naitung 11: The Miss Meghalaya and Miss Teen Meghalaya 2024 pageant has attracted many young girls, in which more than 40 young girls have come to try out for the pageant. which was held at the Vivanta Hotel.
He hoped that this step taken by the PPYAID will be an inspiration to others to understand their duty and responsibility to protect and protect the waters, rivers and the environment.
It is gratifying that many of these continue to make a valuable contribution to their work.
According to the estimates received by the office, there are too many youths aged 18 to 21 years who have not yet registered on the electoral roll and most of them are in East Khasi Hills District and Nongkrem Constituency. 15,000 youths who have not yet registered on the electoral roll.
It was recalled that last year the KHADC had provided T.1000 to each person who quarantined himself from COVID-19 and the government had provided T.5000 to each quarantine facility set up by the villages.
And the world listens to the wisdom of man for peace and security.
Regarding the discovery of a bomb hidden in the ground with the intention of exploding during the visit of the Minister of State, it is the responsibility of this member alone and no one else as the party has any part. this this.
These two Hima Khasi States have their own Village Acts.
Shillong, Iaiong 08: The three-day annual Suk Mynsiem Shad organized by the Seng Khasi Kmie Mawkhar at Mawdan Weiking has started today.
The Prime Minister said the cost for this will be T 350 crore including other buildings in relation to the dorbar hall.
The UHM also expressed its regret over the speech of the Chief Minister, Charlie J. Rani President and Banshai Marbaniang Joint Secretary. in a statement sent by the party signed by the party members.
There are four government health centers in War Jaintia Hills, one Pdengshakap PHC, one Dawaki PHC, which have an ambulance, while Jarain PHC and Nongtalang CHC do not have an ambulance. The area is located at Jarain CHC, said Laitphar.
He said that Pala now goes to Parliament only to sit and talk without being able to bring forward development projects and especially the demands of the Sengbhalang and the people of the state. many years.
The party has already honored the Garo freedom fighter Togan Nengminza Sangma on the 10th of this month at Chisobibra, Tura.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with the CEM of KHADC, he said that they have complained about the collection of money by the gates of KHADC and the Syiem of Mylliem Hima. continue to raise money to date.
Others who attended the ceremony were MLA Titus Chyne, Chairman of MTDC David Nongrum.
After the government has promised to close down the liquor shops if they violate, it has been seen that in the last three days there has been a strict order of the liquor shops to keep the distance as directed by the government.
He said that many people declare themselves if they have headaches or symptoms of the disease, and this is a sign that they accept.
I am proud to be involved in the fight against the disease and to be able to make a difference,” said Father Ambukumar Anthony.
The incidence of the disease in the body is low and the death toll has been reduced.
At present, the people have lost confidence in the police and the courts due to the delay in the trial.
They had applied for permission from the Deputy Commissioner's office to leave the office of the Cantonment Board but they did not receive permission. to walk from Mot Kiang Nagbah to Madan Malki but the sources in charge of the ground did not give permission.
If the Government really wants lasting peace, it should act in the same way as it did with the Mizo Accord 1986,” said the HNLC. respecting the feelings and aspirations of the people of Hynniewtrep.
Happy New Year to all the children of Khasi, Jaintia and Garo.
Shillong, July 29: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District today announced that a meeting to discuss the election to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will be held on the 3rd of this month.
The Chief Minister also asked, while encouraging the people to do these handicrafts, Meghalaya has a lot of siej only in the households, but where else can we get three, there is a problem. I don't have three now, so I don't have three.
The GST regional dialogue during the Middle-East and North Africa (MENA) Climate Week will bring together policymakers and industry partners to discuss key issues in the region with the aim of shaping the GST revenue. The discussion will be a platform to discuss challenges, obstacles, solutions and opportunities to promote climate change mitigation and support for these in relevant to MENA and also promote international cooperation.
The Minister also distributed certificates to the beneficiaries of the PMAY-Gramin and Pradhan Mantri Ujjwala Yojana.
Shillong, Iaiong 06: The Cabinet meeting held today has decided to release T.534.6573/- crore for the start of works in the villages under the scheme. Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, said that the money has already been sent to the Block Development Officers. pay for the purchase of equipment.
It may be recalled that in Meghalaya especially in parts of East Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills there has been opposition to the 150 jobs from the border.
On the other hand, the Waheh Shnong of Iooksi Village congratulated NEEPCO for providing the ground and the KSU Iooksi Unit for bringing this scheme to the village.
On that basis, we have not ignored the village authorities and we have sent information and we have sent and copies of the letters that we have to take action.
On the occasion, the Rangbah Shnong Bah T Nongshilling, Bah SG Kharshiing General Secretary and other speakers welcomed the MDC and expressed their gratitude to the MDC. At the same time, Bah Sawkmie also visited Umjajew, Rumnong, Mawiong, Umjapung, Nongkohlew and Umphrew villages in the presence of the school sports school. Nongkohlew RCLP and UP School (Lower Primary and Upper Primary).
Besides, the union demanded that the work should be handed over to qualified outsourcing agencies from the state and not from outside the state.
Tura, November 31: Sengkud Sangma of West Garo Hills District has been arrested after receiving a complaint from PETA on charges of killing a shrieh in Garo Hills. under the Wildlife Protection Act,
We must ensure that there should be religious acceptance and mutual respect among the people of the two states and we will continue to live in peace,” the Commission added.
The room of the government department is to ensure that all the inspections in the shops in the market should be proper and have received a certificate from the government department.
All of these wins were by 5-0.
Shillong, Naitung 29: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) today announced that it will hold a protest on the 6th of April in front of the Meghalaya High Court on the day of the National Green Tribunal. (NGT) will conduct its own investigation into the ban on coal mining.
The musicians expressed their happiness to have this opportunity to perform in this part of India and the singers are vocalist Doug Robb, guitarist Dan Estrin, drummer Chris Hesse, and original bassist Markku Lappalainen said they will not miss the 90 minutes.
According to media reports, the contest will be between Pius Marwein of the UDP, Kitborlang Nongrem of the NPP and Jotin Khardewsaw of the Congress.
Jowai, Jymmang 21: A dead body was found inside a Maruti car at Ladthadlaboh, Jowai along with a headless bsein lying dead on the dashboard of the Maruti car.
Any violation of the dignity of women is unacceptable and violates human rights, especially for the minorities.
The festival will be organized in collaboration with the Indian Council Cultural Relations (ICCR) to attract tourists to the rural areas. but from other parts of the North East.
The total number of COVID-19 positive cases in the state is 416, East Khasi Hills 355, BSF 267, others 74 and other armed forces
Shillong, Nailar 11: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Sengkmie led by Samla Lambokstar Marngar, Finance Secretary and Samla Kynpham Kharlyngdoh, Asst. Education and President of Delhi Unit arrived in Dehradun on 9th July, of Dehradun after the establishment of the unit in Delhi.
The training was held at Nongthliew village at Phan L Nonglait Memorial School grounds. Children from neighboring villages including children from Langkyrteng, Dewsaw, Kurbah War, Nongthliew Sharum, and children from Umthlong and Laitarted.
I would like to thank you especially the journalists who have supported as much as possible in the struggle of the Federation of Khasi States in supporting the publication of many articles for many years.
The sudden turn of the civil society groups to the Secretariat today has put the police in trouble but with the quickness to close the gates, the members of CoMSO could not enter the ground floor of the Secretariat and they have staged a protest. ILP was announced on the street in front of the Secretariat.
The meeting was divided into three parts, the first part where the members of KAS discussed how to strengthen the Khasi language, the second part was to discuss how to strengthen the Khasi language. The fourth part is what the leaders feel about this by Bah HS Shylla CEM of KHADC and Bah Samlin Malngiang Minister of State. state.
KSU Upper Shillong Circle and FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle have held a meeting for some time now and the arsengs have tried to get their opinion from the people. There are also villages where the people have held meetings many times since the past few months. to discuss this issue and try to ask for clarification from the Village Leaders, but there may be something behind it in which the Village Leaders are trying to hide this matter by They said they had no information on this.
Shangpliang said that the judges on the 13th of this month have selected 28 candidates to enter the final round and from among them, the winners will be selected. a biscuit worth 20,000 tyngka including tickets.
The KSU also strongly condemns the violence of the Proctor in which he threatened the leaders of NEHUSU and was involved in the forced confiscation of their Identity Cards.
U Bah Thabah said that the people of the state have the right to know what the government has signed in any way. sign, not to announce that it has been signed as announced publicly today.
He promised that if he comes to power, his goal is to build a Lumshyiap Market Complex and a ground for the people of Lumshyiap, Indoor sports and a college to send schools to poor families. The roads should also be equipped with CCTv, electricity on the roads, the Rehabilitation Centre.
The program was held as part of the North East Fest-2022 under the Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav (AKAM) and is being organized by the DoNER Department of the Government of India to mark the 75th Independence Day.
Ma Heibormi Sungoh is a prominent expert in the culture of Meghalaya, who has extensive knowledge of the Khasi culture, especially in the Pnar area of ​​Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Naitung 07: Members of the KSU Delhi Unit together with the Delhi Police at 3 pm today rescued the youths who were trapped inside a pharmacy in Delhi. , at four o'clock in the morning.
Maheskhola village is located in South West Khasi Hills District and the raid was conducted by the Meghalaya Police and up to 50,000 kilos of sugar were seized from the house.
On the other hand, the Minister read out in the House all the jobs that the department will request from the government and there are about 182 jobs that require recruitment in the new hospital of the government and The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare will soon send a letter to the Government for permission to appoint people for these posts.
The initiative also aims to boost economic growth in our country by enabling people to travel by air at affordable prices through the Regional Connectivity Scheme ( RCS), which is known as UDAN (United States of America).
Meghalaya is in Group 2, Nagaland, Arunachal Pradesh and Sikkim, while Manipur, Mizoram, Manipur and Manipur are in Group 1. Assam, while Tripura did not qualify while Nagaland sent only men's teams.
Shillong, Naitung 19: A large tree has fallen from the ground floor of St Mary's College Shillong on the road from Don Bosco Square to Shillong Commerce College at around 8.15 pm today.
The General Manager admitted that there is a problem on the part of BSNL, but now they will build 51 towers across the state and this will improve the mobile networks belonging to BSNL. He said that private companies will compete only in areas where there is income but BSNL is to provide telephones to all the villages in Meghalaya as BSNL is working for the development of the development of the country as a whole.
Shillong, Lber 17: The Minister in charge of Food and Civil Supplies, James K Sangma, today said that he will convene a meeting of the Deputy Commissioners to ensure that there should be no shortage of beverages in the state.
Shillong, July 11: The Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) has been renamed from the RSBY Scheme of the Union Labor Department. The website of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare does not have the word MHIS but the word RSBY.
The office was inaugurated by the President, BL Nongbri, General Secretary, Precious Sumer, Vice President and all the Executive Members.
The first is that due to the lack of light in the area, the union felt that the government should set up a Sub Station of the Electricity Department in Wahkaji and Umdohlun area so that the problems of the electricity department can be solved. There is a lack of light and so that we can avoid the problems caused by electricity.
From the same porch, Dr Hazarika urged the public to be quick to receive the assistance under the ICAR. training provided will help them to grow economically.
The march went smoothly with the accompaniment of the police.
A woman was injured in a blast at Dalu at around 3.30 pm today and was taken to Civil Hospital Tura for treatment.
Finally, the party would like to inform the public that the party cooperates with the decisions of the High Courts of India and the guidelines of the Government of India by agreeing that the Covid vaccination should be voluntary. AIM Meghalaya State Unit Chairman Banshai Marbaniang said that the AIM Meghalaya State Unit (AIM) has been working hard to improve the quality of education in the country.
He said that when they look at the tests they do because these RTPCR machines have to think carefully, he said that these dead bacteria that are still coming out of the body when they take samples show positive in the machine. The positive result is that the insect is dead. They still have to look at the evidence so that they can make a decision.
She said that from the T.10 that they collected initially, they are now in a position to provide loans to their members through the schemes they receive from the government through the NRLM. Through the NRLM the group received T.15,000 and now they run the group with this money.
The party strongly condemns this misleading statement by the CM of Tripura and the BJP and urges the people to reject these misleading statements.
The Goalpara District Truck Owners' Association (GDTOA) has called for a strike on these roads.
Dr Marbaniang said that in these days when the machine is still broken, the hospital has ordered the patients to go to other hospitals for treatment.
Deo on this letter that Indira Gandhi had summoned the president of the party, Bah Hopingstone on 10/11/1970 at a meeting in Guwahati and promised to give the whole state, but she could not. decision alone has to be discussed within the cabinet.
The three-member delegation was led by President Nikman Ch Marak and former Dy CEM of GHADC Augustine Marak. In the memorandum, the GHSMC explained in detail all the reasons why they want to The Garo people have been given their own state under the name Garoland.
At Parish Jowai, the day was marked by a wreath laying ceremony at the cemetery of the Jowai Catholic Church at Moosalangkat.
The special campaign is in 278 districts of 17 states with the highest number of SCD cases including Gujarat, Maharashtra, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh, West Bengal, Odisha, Tamil Nadu, Telangana, Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka. , Assam, Uttar Pradesh, Kerala, Bihar and Uttar Pradesh.
People in those days lived happily ever after and lived well.
The President said that sports activities have improved in recent years.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: The Hill Farmers Union (HFU) has showcased the indigenous seeds of the country. at the 7th National Biennial Convention on Organic Farming held in Udaipur.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma, who is also the National President of the National People's Party (NPP), has left his house and drove to the Polling Station in Tura. It took about three hours to cast the vote.
These smugglers managed to flee the area due to the forest conditions by leaving behind their goods to escape from the hands of the BSF troops. at the Scholarship.
by improving the livelihoods in different parts of Meghalaya.
There seems to be something behind the NGT to fight against this issue and it is clear that there are some who want to kill us and destroy our plate of food.
The MLA of Rongjeng Civil Sub Division, Jim Sangma, has expressed his gratitude to the Chief Minister for fulfilling the wishes of the people of Rongjeng Civil Sub Division. The Rongjeng Civil Sub Division has been established.
The Additional Chief Secretary in charge of Forest Department and Chairman of the Meghalaya Biodiversity Board (MBB) Dr Shreeranjan said that the purpose of the celebration is to raise awareness among the youth. study the diversity of plants in the state and how to care for them.
The purpose of the meeting was to discuss the needs of the roads for the success of the Lyngpung.
The ability of the Meghalaya Resident Safety and Security Bill 2016 and the Meghalaya Benami Transaction Prohibition (Amendment) Act 2016 to ban the post of mynder is not clear and uncertain yet.
In an age when laws come that we don't understand because we are being deceived by those who throw temporary threats that can completely destroy our fundamental rights.
Nongrum sent his resignation letter to the President of the Umroi Block Congress Committee.
This is the first time that these helicopters have been used in the history of the Army.
"And today, when you leave this place, I am sure you will be even more inspired to do something for my people and country," he added.
All schools, government offices and courts within the district will be closed on the 28th of this month.
When trying to find out the reason for the killing, the Sengbhalang leader phoned Lucas again but he did not say why he threatened but replied with a sword. He said that he (Ency Shadap) should come to Dawki and if he doesn't come to Dawki, Lucas will send people to the place where Shadap lives. he is the leader of the congregation.
Tynsong said that according to the report received in this fourth wave of the disease, there are fewer people who are seriously ill and need to be admitted to hospitals and there are fewer deaths. it is because most of the people have got Tikka.
There is no need for a written or face-to-face interview but once approved, the job is already in hand and the salary is also without any discrimination.
Due to the mismanagement of the authorities, they have not taken this decision to protest by wearing red flags.
Shillong, Naitung 19: The Cabinet meeting held today has decided to appoint the Executive Engineer of the State Government. to decide on works up to two lakh rupees.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, many farmers expressed their dissatisfaction that the government does not have a market for their jhur. you market.
The BJP has demanded an inquiry by the CBI to punish those involved in the misuse of public money, said Bah Ernest Mawrie President of the BJP Shillong. , Nailur 07: The Cabinet meeting today approved the increase in the cost of completion of the Ganol Hydel Power Project in West Garo Hills to T.507.71 crore for the 22.5 MW power plant. will be completed in 2022.
The Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi District, Nongpoh, has requested the District Administration to issue a notice to the District Administration. I would like to ask all the relatives and friends not to feel sorry that at this time we will not be able to invite the public.
These four vehicles were parked in ten places and when the tree fell on the ground, these four vehicles collapsed.
At the time of writing, police are conducting investigation to find out the exact cause of the fire.
Those who have a good and clean life, who are free from the pursuit of fame in money, in food and drink or in the community.
In Shillong, the Khasi Students Union (KSU) and the Federation of Khasi Jaintia People (FKJGP) have expressed their strong opposition to the statement of UDP General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh. He said that it is necessary to introduce a freight railway in the state as it will benefit the people of the state.
Shillong, November 06: Officers and staff of the Legislative Assembly today held a Food Festival near the MLA Hostel Shillong with the aim of donating the proceeds to the Missionaries Charity Shantinivas. you are in Nongpoh.
Some of the problems in the implementation of MGNREGS are that they request the Government of India to increase the number of jobs that can be implemented through the Mahatma Gandhi NREGA. km to reach the bank in Riangdo and demanded that there should be no opening of the road to allow the villagers to withdraw money from the VECs. that it shall not be worthy of the price of the land.
The Private SSLC Selection Test 2020 has been conducted by the office of the District School Education Officer (DSEO) in each district. Many schools are in the dark to explain and explain to the students about the existence of Pvt.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: Under the leadership of the KSU, various civil society organizations today held a march by carrying flags from the KSU office to the secretariat.
On the women's side, the first group will be played between Manipur and Assam at 11.00 AM, while the second group will be played between Meghalaya and Mizoram at 3.00 pm.
The Youth Parliament was inaugurated by the President of the party, Bah Shibun Lyngdoh.
We express our strong opposition to this action of NIOS, which clearly shows the violence and unfairness of the future of the teachers who are taking the examinations including SSA, Adhoc, Deficit and Govt.
The Academy first of all thanks God for opening the way for these children because it believes that all these are the gifts of God.
Through this scheme, women have been provided with gas.
The death toll has risen to
Students of KJPGirls' Hr.Sec School Shillong posing with the Mawlynnong Village Authority, teachers.
The Seng also requested to set up a Traffic Police Station in East Jaintia Hills to curb traffic jam.
On this occasion, the RBDYC distributed relief goods to the people at the hospital and at the same time distributed food items to the sick.
These plastic bags and other items were handed over to Betrin Kyndiat and Ieitlang Dkhar (President & Secretary of Iakyrshanlang Village Organizations, Iongkaluh). Block) Ma Bhalang Bang (Member of the Executive Committee) This statement was released by the Working President Ma Thynda Sana.
To mark this day in Meghalaya, various events have been held today and will continue tomorrow.
Since its inception in 2017, the radio station has brought many entertainment and news to the people of Shillong.
Before concluding this statement, the HYC Mawlai Circle wants the government to find a suitable land through the consultation of the Mawlai Town Durbar (MTD) or to agree to take over the land of the Forest Department. There is a strong opposition to the FCI, which will not build a new market in Mawlai.
However, it is also important to look at the 'children's part' in the more serious news and also in the serials shown on tv, he said.
Answering a question, Pyniaid said that there are larger banks which have their own regional areas like Ribhoi, West Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills. the managers of these banks regarding the authority of KHADC to issue documents to prove the ownership of the land.
At the same time, she said that the Inner Line Permit should not be implemented in the state for the sake of the people.
He said that there are other languages ​​of the minorities of India which have been included in the Eight Schedule of the Constitution of India where their languages ​​are still too low to compare. and the Khasi language but others have been able to enter because the government has taken action.
Kharlukhi said the allegation came at a time when he was about to retire from politics.
The motion was supported by RV Lyngdoh from the opposition and Bindo M Lanong from the ruling party. The CEM accepted the motion. inside the council house.
Shillong, July 31: Rakhesh Sangma of the National People's Party (NPP) has won the election for the post of Chief Executive Member of Garo Hills District Council with 15 votes. Benedict Marak received 13 votes.
Mr Ian Campbell, Olympian, and Mr Alistair Tait, Global International Coach, were surprised by this finding and said that they are ready to give their opinion to the MSOA. Meghalaya, how to do these amazing skills which they will submit a report on this test after conducting in 12 districts, and within the second month of August 2022 they will submit a thorough report that will include the name of the best players among those tested.
Shillong, Nailar 20: There are 23 new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 6 in Ri Bhoi, 1 in South Garo Hills and 4 in South West Garo Hills. West Garo Hills 9, West Jaintia Hills
When receiving complaints from parents of school children through government schools in the State that they are forced to send their children to complete Blood tests, weight and height measurements as well as other forms of treatment. medicines in many ways without the knowledge and explanation of the public especially through parents who do not care for their children.
The sellers in various shops also have the right to cheat or cheat the customers because they too, it is their right to earn a lot of money.
Bah Sanbor Shullai expressed his gratitude for his inclusion in the Cabinet and is ready to accept any responsibility that the Chief Minister will assign to him as a Minister of the State Government.
The Prime Minister promised that the surrendered insurgents should not lose hope as the government will assist them with all the necessary assistance.
In his speech, the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa,im Ainam Syiem, expressed his gratitude to the KHADC for joining in this struggle to maintain the cleanliness of this market by taking part in the this cleansing today.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: The United Democratic Party (UDP) Umroi constituency has urged Bah First Force Deki Ramsiej to return to the party to work together for the victory of the party in the MLA election He worked with Bah Mangara Pathaw who was given the ticket by the party.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District has enforced Section 144CrPC against private vehicles from parking within 13 miles at Tamulkuchi. let NH-6.
And he blessed them all.
The training was conducted in accordance with the Incident Response System (IRS) training, in which all government officials are present in case of such an incident at any time.
There are 280 songs in the car.
Furthermore, we express our regret that although the foundation stone of the 100 bedded CHC in Mawkyrwat has been laid since May, 2011, it has not been completed for more than 11 years. to open and sanction posts as they should be.
The meeting was held to promote closer cooperation between India-France-Meghalaya on many fields especially in the field of Sports Training, Coaching, Talent Identification, Sports Tourism and to further promote closer cooperation in other fields. Chargé de Mission/Cooperation Officer, Consulate General of France, Kolkata, Samuel Bouchard and Commissioner and Secretary of Sports and Youth Affairs, Dr Vijay Kumar D.Sports at the Main Secretariat. , Shillong on Tuesday.
As it turns out, 40 MDCs have joined hands and are still thinking about how to proceed.
Regarding the land, the CEM said that the land has been donated by the Hima to the KHADC without any payment, but there will be no arrangement for the revenue from this. The land shall be divided between the Hima and the District Council.
He said that what has angered all the employees of EMRI is that the GVK which is in charge of the operation of 108 Ambulances in the state has not respected even the High Level Committee. All 108 Ambulances from 43 locations across Meghalaya have arrived in Shillong today. They were taken to the EMRI office in Lawmali while the keys of the vehicles were seized by the drivers of the 108 ambulances.
The North East players were Lalth Uammawia Ralte, Zohmingliana Ralte, Isaac Vanmalsawma, Chinglensana Singh, O Milan Singh, Telem Jackichand Singh, Seityasen Singh and Pritam Kumar Singh. , Holicharan Narzary, Eugeneson Lyngdoh, Phurba Tempa Lachenpa, Aiborlang Khongjee, Hardy Cliff Nongbri, Rupert Nongrum, Redeem Tlang and Samuel Lalmuanpuia.
Not only that, but it has become a place of celebration, recreation and activities that affect the society until many of the residents of the village used to walk and stand in this place.
The event will start from East and end at West Jaintia Hills.
“The children of the Northeast including Meghalaya and especially Manipur have the National Talents in Martial Arts. right and hard work to improve yourself will be a blessing to you,” said Bah Lorenzo.
The Government has urged the Central Government to withdraw this announcement as it is unacceptable as it will conflict with the the culture and traditions in the state of Meghalaya.
Speaking at the condolence meeting, the Minister expressed his deep sorrow and said that the passing away of Luikham is a great loss to the Government of Meghalaya especially to the Forest Department and also to the family members. relatives and close friends.
Police also request any family of missing persons in Eastern West Khasi Hills to visit the body which has been placed at the Civil Hospital, Mairang.
The Chief Minister of Assam said that the officer in charge of Jrikyndeng Police Station who was involved in the shooting has been suspended from his post. The place where the incident occurred today has been suspended.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: “I have not registered my Aadhaar yet,” said the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma.
“We appeal to the motorcyclists to earn, as we all have the right to earn but we must follow the right path,” said Uriah, who is also the Managing Director of JETS ×7.
The Chief Minister's Twitter account said that the climbing team led by Tiklu Jyrwa from Meghalaya has 41 members. The SDRF team from Uttarakhand is still working. It is difficult to rescue those who have been affected by the earthquake.
Shillong, Naitung 31: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that the Antigen test has been launched across the state.
Government departments that attended the meeting included the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, the Ministry of Village Food Distribution (ICDS) and others.
Shillong, July 29: The Chief Executive Member of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) Denang T Sangma has written to the state government to release the funds allocated by the central government for the implementation of the project. to the works of development.
The Special Cell has raided the scene and arrested the officer while they were paying the money.
Two persons died in the incident and others were taken to hospital.
The Minister said the government has been asked to provide one DSP, one Inspector, two Sub-Inspectors and 10 Constables to operate vehicles in Nongstoin.
These vacancies are available in IT/ BPO sectors and in healthcare related sectors.
These farmers also received information on the importance of transporting cow dung from abroad because the cow dung from abroad is the cow's milk that is fed with drugs, or the plant that contains drugs.
The Rangbah Shnong, Bah Mighter N Marwein, said that the village will not allow anyone to trade or sell without the permission of the Dorbar Shnong. the whole village of Nongjri.
He said that the sudden change in the environment in the world is dangerous and to protect it there is a need to plant trees. He said that at present 40 forests have been declared as public forests. to prevent the widespread felling of trees.
Shillong, Jymmang, 05: Before the closure of the rainy season, Wahheh Village Council under Mawpat Village has received a dewbilat bridge to connect Circle-I and Circle-III. The 13th Finance Commission 2010-2011 has been constructed at a cost of T.2.50 lakh.
The HYC leader said that if the MLAs according to the new Bill are that even if they are MLAs for only one year, they will receive a new salary, they should also respect the teachers to give them a new allowance. their rights.
The union has already submitted a petition to the Chief Minister regarding the lack of salary but till now they have not received any information that the salary of the teachers has been released. SSA.This lack of salary has put them in great trouble.
The map clearly shows that Assam since it was part of Meghalaya has taken over the areas which it now claims to be Meghalaya which has crossed the border into Assam.
On the other hand, the Syiem acknowledged that the HITO's investigation into the presence of foreigners illegally staying overnight in Iewduh will pose a threat in the future.
The meeting was attended by the Nazareth Hospital Workers' Union, the first union of private hospital workers, which emerged from the Work Campaign launched by Finally, TUR will continue to gather together the farmers and those who earn their living from selling in the market.
We meet every April to review the expenditure patterns including the states and based on the expenditure related to the work done, the budget is updated annually," he said.
The family members of the hospital said that the management of the hospital did not issue the report but only the death certificate of the young woman after she died. The group led by the President of HANM Bah Lamphrang Kharbani also submitted a petition to express their condolences on the incident.
These doctors are from Apollo Hospital, Delhi and the team of doctors includes Dr Suvro Banerjee, Consultant Interventional Cardiologist, Dr BK Singhania. , Consultant Neuro & Spine Surgeon and Dr. Shankar Loharuka, Consultant Neurologist.
The organization has been looking for ways and means to increase the price of this product.
Recently, India has become a leader in sustainable and responsible tourism.
While on patrol at the police bazaar, police saw two persons in the manner of walking in front of them. Police stopped them and arrested them. Police have taken them to the police station and arrested them. They were arrested on charges of smuggling marijuana from Tripura.
New Delhi, March 27: Prime Minister Narendra Modiun addresses the closing ceremony of the campaign at Vijay Chowk, Kartavya Path on March 31,
In a meeting with the CI & Officer Incharge of Khliehriat PS, S. Sangma today, the union urged the law enforcement authorities to take strict action against Krishna Sapkota and also to investigate and arrest him. and punish all those involved in the sale and purchase of the certificate of the village.
At present, in Jaintia Hills, all the 18 Elaka Dolloi do not have a single Act or Rule, while in Khasi Hills, out of the 54 Hima/Elaka, only 12 Hima/Elaka have clear Acts and Rules. work.
In his speech, KSU President Lambokstar Marngar said that if UCIL or AMD tries to forcibly mine uranium in the state, they have to announce that UCIL and AMD They are the enemies of the Khasi people and if there is bloodshed, the central government, UCIL, AMD and the state government should take responsibility.
The RTI requested by the Seng was signed by Samla Laitphar Syngkrem President of the Seng and Samla Lurman Talang General Secretary of the Seng. “The KSU War Jaintia Circle will continue to monitor this issue so that the work of the school will not be in vain,” said Laitphar Syngkrem.
The inability to resolve the border with Assam has been a shame for the state as a whole.
It is for this reason that the party demands that the investigation should be conducted outside the government.
One of the transformers in Umdap Rngi village under Umling Black has been installed on the side of the road of the village and the villagers have covered the area with siej as a sign to show ban not turn.
The purpose of this celebration is to raise awareness on the days when different states got their own states. customs and traditions of other states and to bring unity in the country.
He was accompanied by PWD Secretary PR Marwein, LD Suchiang CE PWD, Shillong, Shillong, PWD Secretary, PWD, Shillong. Jymmang 10: U Prestone Tynsong, Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today convened a meeting to discuss the issue of Motor. Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of Urban Affairs, Hamletson Dohling, Renikton L Tongkhar and Paul Lyngdoh on behalf of KHADC. On the other hand, Prestone said that the meeting held today has decided to direct the Shillong Municipal Board to inform all those people who are allowed in Them Motor to provide the reply with the documents and this should be replied within one month.
Parait said there is a Consumers Grievances Redressal Forum where consumers can complain if there is anything wrong. get protection.
The celebration of this difference implies a hierarchical order which is guaranteed by justice.
CEM Bah PN Syiem and other MDCs were also present at the nomination process. Speaking to reporters, CEM of KHADC Bah PN Syiem said that the candidate of KHADC The name of Bah Nongsiej was taken at the meeting of the PDF held today.
This means providing health care that everyone can afford.
Shillong, Nailur 19: The Khasi Hills Bazaar Bus Association (KHBBA) Mawlonghat today launched the construction of a shop at the parking lot in Mawlonghat which has been given permission by the Shillong Municipal Board to private individuals despite the traffic jam. this bag.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Martin Luther Christian University (MSU) has conducted a training on mental health at Mawbeh. through the Department of Counseling Psychology.
At present, it is a shame for the people who come to this place to see that there is no maintenance of the houses which have been built according to the traditional houses of the ancient Khasi.
Later, KSU Jaintia Hills President Ohibait Dkhar President met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills and the CEM of JHADC on these issues. don't be afraid of Muluk.
Walambok Syiemiong, President, SSSS, SWKHD.
Finally, the union urges the higher authorities of the health department to take action against this incident so that such incidents will not happen again in the future especially to the employees here, said the statement. Rambrai Circle is the largest organization in the world.
Shillong, Lner 08: U Bah Adelbert Nongrum MLA of 17-North Shillong today introduced a Bill titled “The Meghalaya Agriculture Land (Regulation) Bill,
No Right-Turn is allowed at Matri Mandir Junction for vehicles going to Polo Market.
The closure of the office of N.Das was attended by children as part of the support for this young woman who died in such an incident at the school.
Marak is a newcomer to the world and has not yet become an MLA or MDC but his wish is to serve the people of Ri Lum Garo if elected in this election. who will be elected in 2014 as MP for the area.
Raising the issue in the House, Process said the government should take action and especially the former Governor of Meghalaya who has spoken through Twitter to insult and destroy the nation.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr B Khongsit, former Joint Director of Ophthalmology, Government of Meghalaya, said that what is needed is that people have to go. Send yourself to doctors from time to time and people should understand this.
Replying to this, the CEM of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem, said that this issue is important, because the land is known by the himas, sirdars if the council does not have a council. indeed the records would be very difficult and put in trouble.
Shillong, July 13: The construction of houses for the poor in Nongmynsong funded by the central government through JNNURM has now been suspended due to the withdrawal of Hindustan Prefab Limited.
On the other hand, the Seng has been informed about the problems of the residents of the Border area, from Lejri, Lahaleiñ and Huroi villages, regarding the overcrowding of the road especially to demand the relocation. The Border Security Force (BSF) who have set up illegal camps at Sonapyrdi Bridge and who have been harassing the people of the Border area from time to time.
Two persons in the Sumo, Repa Temjen (64) and Surat (35), were seriously injured in the incident. Repa Temjen was rushed to Shillong Civil Hospital for serious injuries.
Explaining to the people of all these villages, he said that his visit is not to resolve the border issue immediately but to bring peace. peace and to end the conflict between the two sides first and to resolve the border later.
However, after the vote, the people were very excited.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The Jatah Lakadong Youth Association (JYM) recently conducted an awareness program on the theme “Women Protection & Child Welfare”. ) at St. Paul's School, Jatah.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, who is also the National President of the National People's Party (NPP), congratulated the people for winning the MP candidates Agatha K Sangma and Ferlin CA Sangma. as an MLA from Seychelles.
On the opening day of the tournament, the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, Bah Vivek Syiem who was the resource person in the presence of the President of the UDP, gave an explanation on the dangers of drugs. Bah Metbah Lyngdoh who was the chief guest and others.
Neil, who has been in Mumbai since November, fell ill and died today. Neil is the youngest son of Aubrey Herbert Scott Lyngdoh, Minister of State for Home Affairs. former state money plas.
We don't have anything against the police but they should understand that we as leaders who have been elected by tens of thousands of people to raise the issues of the people in the Assembly should not allow anyone. I don't know what to do," he said.
The death toll from the disease in the state has risen to
On the other hand, the BSF led by IG BSF Meghalaya Frontier Kuldeep Saini has raised the issue of the entry of Nigerians into India through Bangladesh into India. Bangladesh will not allow any acts against India.
The word 'khih ka khan' or 'trei ka beng' carries the same meaning as the 'khih ka'mai'; the 'khih ka khan' is more appropriate to the word 'thylliej' you don't have to work with your bormet borphad you don't have to worry.
Shillong, Naitung 01: The Congress party today held a meeting with the participation of the Women's Wing, Youth Wing and party leaders to honor Saleng A Sangma MP. on Saturday at the State Central Library Shillong.
Furthermore, Bah Nongtraw said that the party has informed many times through the media and also to the Ksiang and the Government, urging them not to send any summons. which could further fuel the fire and add, 'unfortunately, that our pleas were not heeded, the situation escalated unnecessarily.
Shillong, July 16: Shillong Police today arrested Aynul Hazarika, Muktiar, on charges of attempting to rape a woman inside his chamber at Ketting Road.
Five states from the North East participated in this fourth regional workshop.
This year's celebration will be the first as it was in 2019 that the HFU declared the 4th as the Farmers' Day of Meghalaya.
The collapse of the well near the residential building which is the police quarters has shocked those who live in this house which is near the road to Wahingdoh. the house is underground.
He accused all the ethnic parties of misleading the people regarding the District Council. It is because of the actions of these ethnic parties who have taken over the District Councils. The BJP's mission is to strengthen the District Councils and the customs and traditions of the people.
LSAs also monitor the areas and measure EMF signals in the areas near these towers.
At the same time, he expressed regret to see that many Khasi who claim to be educated have forgotten their own thymmei and have turned away from others.
During her visit to Shillong, she also held a meeting with all the District Officers of the Social Welfare Department of the State Government to discuss issues related to mothers and children. to appreciate the working methods of the State Government in this regard.
The growth of startups in India is also due to the Government's measures to encourage entrepreneurship in the country.
The Central Admission Committee of NEHU had held a meeting on 18th March to decide on this issue but could not take a decision due to opposition from both sides.
It is not something we have to thank or worship.
Furthermore, the stadium has also hosted the North East Olympics with more than 4000 participants from 8 states.
The building was constructed by the Social Welfare Department through CDPO Umsning with Rs 2,00,000 and the C&RD Block Umsning with Rs 5,00,000 under the MGNREGS scheme. ) total is Rs 7,00,0
The union has been able to talk to one of the Khasi youths who is still in Pune, he has fought as hard as he can to find ways to help his fellow statesmen who are still stranded in Pune.
Shillong, March 25: The Seng Kur Warjri will celebrate its 45th Anniversary since
The Medical Superintendent of Ganesh Das Hospital, Dr. A. Lyngdoh, in an interview with the media, said that the purpose of this free treatment is to help those people who are low income to live. They can take care of their own children without any payment.
This delay shows that the Central Government has taken stingy on this decision of the Legislative Assembly.
The Khasi who win these General seats does not mean that they will win forever and even if they win, they put foreigners ahead of us.
He said that during the rainy season, only the water pump has run and this has affected the health of the residents.
The Chief Minister said that more such hotels will appear in the state.
In another incident, BSF arrested three Bangladeshis from Kapasipara village.
On the same day, the Prime Minister also announced that the Central Government has been able to introduce the National Health Policy
Shillong, Naitung 11: U Bah Process T Sawkmie MLA of Mawlai on Tuesday said that the Mawlai by-pass road should be completed to avoid traffic jam. GS Road especially in the Mawlai area.
Heisalon Dkhar, Elius Wanniang and Rishotlang have been accused of involvement in the incident. Police are conducting investigation into the incident.
The sumo was climbing from the upper parts and the bike was still moving.
Mat Memang, who claimed to be the Commander-in-Chief of the new rebel group, told the media that the group was formed recently and most of the members are members of the group. the ANVC(B).
One case from East Jaintia Hills, 1 case from East Khasi Hills and 1 case from Ri Bhoi District. There are 92,196 people.
Furthermore, the Chief Guest also congratulated the students of all three schools who came to take part in this day.
CROWN, 2.
The car factory is the largest with 62 cars per hour and produces up to 1395 cars per day in Slovakia.
These round stones were built by the ancients from far away places and brought to this place to be kept as a protection for the deceased loved ones. noh who don't have this house.
According to the census, there are 342 households living in Themetor. The government has no information on the illegal residents. the way to solve problems.
Angry, the drivers of four Maxi Cabs turned to the office of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) to demand clarification on the ban on them from driving to Police Bazar and Motphran.
He said that the inflation in the state has increased from 5 per cent in the past 40 days to 12 per cent as of today and in the next few days it will increase to 20 per cent.
In the presence of Chief Secretary Y Tsering and government officials.
The elders of the area said that as the MLA of the area, there has been no wrongdoing in these 48 years since the state was independent. solve by don't have a problem.
Referring to the development projects implemented in the state, he said that from 2013-2018 the government has spent only T.8,400 crore, while from 2018-2022 the government has spent only T.8,400 crore. It has increased to T.14,500 crore.
New Delhi, March 22: Ashwini Vaishnaw, Union Minister in charge of Railways, Communications, Electronics and Information Technology, accompanied Manoj Sinha, Lieutenant Governor, Jammu and Kashmir.
Shillong, June 17: There are about 5,000 celestial bodies like this universe, but humans have been able to walk only on Earth, said ISRO Director Somanath S today. moon.
The meeting was held at the Community Hall, Samasi village and was conducted by Bah Sakilan Chyrmang, President EJNC-SC. Sumer.
It is to be recalled that Banpyrkhat Langstieh was released by the party earlier but the police department has arrested and detained him. This is according to a statement sent by Bah Saiñkupar Nongtraw, Publicity Secretary of the HNLC. (SP News).
There are also those who have been fined for driving without wearing slippers because the law does not comply with the Motor Vehicle Act.
Shillong, March 09: U Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan, today met with the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi at his office.
Shillong, March 18: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong today called a meeting with the officials of the NHIDCL to discuss the road from Umsherpi to Tamabil. to be implemented by the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA).
After a fairly languid start to the match, Shining scored from outside the box following a move from the right flank.
On the part of the Deputy Chief Executive Member, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, he answered the questions of the Members of the House to clarify what the Members of the House want to get clarification on many issues. from the various departments of the Council.
In this regard, the union warns all those in Meghalaya including the Pro VC of NEHU Tura Campus that if there is any insult to the Khasi people, the union will not stand idly by but will stir up foreigners. the state.
Police have tightened security to prevent any unrest during the sudden protest by the HYC members who were sitting in the middle of the road.
He said that he used to tell the government ministers and MLAs that the job is not only to deliver development projects but also to work to bring about change.
He informed the House that the NCP, NPP, HSPDP, UDP, MDP, KHNAM, BJP, INC and PDF have all published in their manifestos what they want to say. and the Government of India shall not protect the special rights of the country.
In the last two years, drugs worth Rs 75 crore have been seized during 2022.
Shillong, March 28: U Minister of State for Electricity, Bah Sngewbhalang Dhar, inaugurated the Solar Power Exhibition organized by Meghalaya. He said that the biggest problem in the state is the shortage of electricity. He said that the biggest problem in the state is the shortage of electricity. .
It was witnessed that in the morning the shops were open as directed by the government, but suddenly they were closed and many of them were left in the dark.
Shillong, March 29: The President of the Hynniewtrep Society (HPSO), Bah Kyrshan War, on Tuesday said that the Meghalaya government should install three wind turbines in Meghalaya according to the needs of the people. gas consumption compared to the tropical regions where the atmosphere is hot.
This is the 43rd Parish in the Diocese of Shillong which is located in New Shillong Township. thousands of believers.
The curfew pass is not only for those who belong to government departments, but also for private individuals such as pharmacy owners who have applied for curfew pass to facilitate travel during these days. curfew.
Dr Jitendra Singh said the central government has now struggled to provide 100% financial assistance for development projects in the North East, which is against the previous 90-10 ratio where the state governments they receive only 10% of the total cost.
Although MAD is the English phrase Make-A-Difference, it has a strong meaning in Khasi to MAD something that is pleasant to oneself; Although in English it means stupid, it expresses the snap of belief that the MAD Gallery has been 'written by the gods'
During the meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, promised to talk to the Chief Minister of Manipur to expedite the removal of foreigners who are encroaching on the land of the Khasi in Manipur. .
Police said that they have already issued a letter to the civil society organizations to appear before the investigating officers as the investigating officers want to question them in many cases. being accused.
Speaking to media after inspecting the site, u Bah Metbah said that this initiative has been made since last years after a long vision that agriculture is essential. to the people.
During the years implemented from 1996 to 2012, about Rs. 2,000 crore has been allocated through the Doordarshan Kendras of all the states for the production of documentaries and many types of documentaries have been produced which reflect the true reality. of the region.
In honor of the retired teachers, the union has awarded prizes to the teachers from Saitsohpen village and also to the children who have taken part in the poetry writing competition.
On the other hand, the Congress party said that after the return of these three Congress leaders, the party will prepare for the mid-term elections from Ranikor to contest against the NPP candidate who has been elected. I'm from the Congress.
In the women's over 20, N Chaoba Devi of Manipur won the gold medal in the 800m and 1500m.
MS4AI2301 (Manufacturing Date: Jan-2023, Expiry Date: Dec-2025) has been ordered to the Districts according to their needs.
Large political parties make public their principles, policies, and activities not through propaganda.
He also expressed the hope that in the coming years, the university will enroll students who are full citizens of the state.
The KSU also urged the Legislative Assembly to discuss the issue of establishing the Central Agricultural University in Kyrdemkulai which has been pending since
Shillong, March 17: Police today seized 1.017 kilograms of amphetamine from Joseph Hmangaih Zuala, 46, of East Jaintia Hills District.
All the evidence is that the 25 Hima Khasi States have not signed the Instrument of Merger and therefore the laws of India must be governed by the terms of the agreement with the Hima Khasi States.
It is learned that the efforts of the MLAs of this area to find ways and means to build the Umngi River in Balat village have been since the time of Bah Probin K Raswai. Pious Marwein, said that if the government does not do anything, Balat village will be destroyed by the flooding of the Umngi River.
All these 17 Parliamentary Secretaries were appointed under the Meghalaya Parliamentary Secretaries (Appointment, Salaries, Allowances and Miscellaneous Provision) Act 2005 which was repealed by the MHC. On the other hand, the Governor of Meghalaya, Bah Sumer, urged the Governor to remove the MLAship of the 17 Parliamentary Secretaries of Meghalaya.
The extinction of cheetahs from India is due to multiple reasons which also include capture, indiscriminate killing of these animals, habitat fragmentation and depletion of prey.
On her part, she promised to take action as soon as possible and to invite the village leaders or chiefs to think in order to preserve and not to kill the dohum dohwah from now on.
Some of these initiatives include the AatmaNirbhar Bharat Livelihoods Yojana; launching of Emergency Credit Line Guarantee Schemes for MSMEs. additional allocation for the Prime Minister's Housing Scheme-Urban and the Prime Minister's Rural Welfare Scheme (PMGKY); income tax payments for homebuilders and homebuyers; the National Investment and Infrastructure Fund (NIIF) and others.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Tuesday, June 13, 2023, has appointed an Associate Professor of the Department of English Literature. The teacher was identified as Dr. Mousumi Guha Banerjee, Director of EFLU, Shillong Campus, after receiving a complaint from some students. Khasi students of this university to the Seng regarding the discrimination, insult and harassment of Khasi students from time to time.
The Assam Regiment is a regiment established and headquartered in the North East of India at the time of the war. The Army has now celebrated its 75th anniversary as a Platinum Jubilee.
Shillong, July 12: A Maruti car has collapsed on the road from Jowai to Shyrmang village before reaching Iongnoh on Tuesday night.
The PMGSY-III was launched in 2019 to cover an additional 1,25,000 Km through roads and connectivity between settlements, ie Gramin agricultural markets, Higher Secondary Schools and Hospitals.
When considering applications for accreditation, the relevant authorities should consider whether journalists comply with the Norms of Journalistic Conduct and the Code of Ethics and Broadcasting Standards laid down by It is the duty of journalists to follow these rules.
Under the Forest Department of Meghalaya there is a committee to look after the protection of the rivers in Meghalaya and the Umsherpi River is one of the rivers that needs to be cleaned and maintained.
Now, with self-respect, we are determined to keep going to reach new cliffs.
Indian Arrows are currently in sixth position in the I-League with three points from one win.
Speaking on the hard work of the institute to provide training, he announced the launch of the Data Entry Operator training.
They were identified as Othaniel Marbaniang, 19, of Nongthymmai, Govind Singh, 20, of Demthring. investigation of these is currently underway.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: The KHNAM State Youth Wing (KHNAM) has expressed its support for the demands of Nongthymmai MDC Latiplang Kharkongor that the state government should fight against the inclusion of new names of non-residents in the electoral roll of the state. .
Regarding the insurgency in the state, he said it would be better for the government to call for talks with the insurgent groups without any conditions. sit in the state.
The total number of confirmed cases of COVID-19 in the state today is 79, 53 from East Khasi Hills, 23 from West Garo Hills, 1 from Ri Bhoi and 1 from West Jaintia Hills. The total number of confirmed cases is
It is necessary to remove misunderstandings about the effects of Electromagnetic Field Radiation (EMR) emitted from various sources, especially mobile BTS antennas and mobile phones.
Speaking on the occasion, Rangbah David Sing Khasaiñ Rangbah Shnong congratulated and congratulated the unit for taking this important step to help the low income households. .
The loss of profit in the trade of inheritance is why the mynder is happy because he can hide in the name of Khasi Pnar women.
The total number of vehicles seized by KHNAM is 139 taxis.
The Indian National Congress (INC) has suffered a huge loss in the Mawkyrwat Block Congress Committee after the departure of its office bearers and employees on the 2nd of this month. of the National Peoples Party (NPP).
Bah Chyne congratulated all the people of the constituencies who have given their support to the party, for those constituencies where the party has won and also for those constituencies where the party has not reached the party. Regarding the defeat of the party from Pariong Mawthadraishan, the party did not think but accepted the decision of the people. At the same time, they did not think that they would fall under the Nongspung-Sohiong Constitution but the party welcomed it because this is the responsibility of the people.
Because there are only 60 students at NEHU where only 60 students can study per year, but there are hundreds of students who apply, this will help Khasi students to continue their studies in Khasi subject.
As the organization, we are more afraid of the deaths of the poor and the needy than the deaths of COVID-1
The final was held today at Aurobindo Hall, Shillong.
At the same time, the SDO said, “Those who come to register should understand that once they have received the slap, this slip is only to verify that the office has received their form" to accept or reject depends on the availability of documents.
“We have requested the Ministry of Education to look into and enroll these children in these schools so that the children can enjoy their right to education as enshrined in Article 21 (a) of the Constitution of India,” said Kanoongo.
The Government should take responsibility for delaying the evacuation of the Harijans because now instead of being the solution to the problems, it has become the creator of the problems by placing them. Thew Iewmawlong) which caused a terrible traffic jam which affected everyone, especially those VIPs, was not affected because they were blindfolded. " said Mr. Nongrum.
Shillong, July 05: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that Dr Mukul Sangma knows about the alliance between the UDP and the HSPDP. Why is the KSU anti-racist?” It is an attempt to spread and strengthen the anti-racist voice in the state.
We can use the resources of the earth, the forests, the waters and the rivers for our own survival.
On this occasion, the Governor also spoke on many of the works that the government has done for the development of the state in all aspects from roads to agriculture, education. education and others such as water supply and development works in the villages.
In the appointment of Prof Prabha, it was made clear that the position of VC of NEHU will be in accordance with the rules of the university. The same letter sent a notice to the Chief Secretary. of the state of Meghalaya.
The Planning Commission has set up a special committee headed by the Under Secretary of the Planning Commission to ensure the timely release of funds. sufficient for schemes funded by the Central Government.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: The BSF and Meghalaya Police have seized 270 byrni of 13,500 kilos of sugar from Paulpara village in West Garo Hills District. The court received T.5,40,000/-.
Dasu (Khyber Pakhtunkhwa), June 20: A Chinese worker at the Dasu Hydropower Project in Upper Kohistan in Pakistan has been arrested by police after he was accused of insulting the contractors at the site. god.
The Minister of State for Home Affairs said that with the aim of developing this group, work is underway to recruit more soldiers and train them.
HNYF Mairang Sub-Division Circle this month July 2020, has visited Khaw together with Jain Syaid to these poor and low income families as a support to them. I wish them a healthy body and start their work in
Regarding those inside the Community Quarantine Centres, the government will provide the same facilities as those in home quarantine and the health officials will be present.
However, the working methods of the GST Council are unique in India.
During his visit to Rongkhong, the Chief Minister has spoken to the residents of the surrounding area to listen to their concerns. the spread of the nuts from this place of bread nuts.
The Meghalaya Awakening Concern Citizens (MACC) on Tuesday sought clarification from the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh regarding the 29th July , 2023 and 100,000 tonnes of medicines will be distributed at Marten, Shillong.
The HYC has demanded this after the District Council in the past years has promised to build a statue of (L) Bah Hoping Stone L.Nonglait.
The Government has included stipends and jobs of up to 25% or T.1,500 per apprentice under the National Apprenticeship Promotion Scheme (NAPS).
Leaders of pharmaceutical industry groups including Indian Pharmaceutical Alliance, Indian Drug Manufacturer Association, Organization of Pharmaceutical Producers of India, All India Organization of Chemists and Druggists, Torrent Pharmaceuticals, Bulk Drug Manufacturing Association and Association of Medical Device take part in this discussion.
The aim of this project is to provide special care to the eye patients especially those living in rural areas where there is a shortage of eye care facilities and to prevent eye disease.
Shillong, March 17: The KHNAM party has expanded its office in Jaiaw Lumbatemon village under the 17th Shillong North Constituency.
The meeting also decided to send a petition to the President of India, through the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, at the DC's office to send the petition to the BJP Government. The Government of India has approved the appointment of a Joint Parliamentary Committee to investigate the awarding of contracts by the Ministry of Defense for the purchase of fighter jets worth Rs 1670.70 crore each. The same company has offered the jet at a price of Rs 526.10 crore per jet.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Phikirbha said that they have sent a letter to the Chief Minister, Symbut, on the decision of the High Court on 28/10/2 the Chief Minister, the Minister in charge of Education and the Districtor of Education.
In this Career Guidance Counseling, the students were explained how to choose the streams of study in the Arts Science & Commerce streams and all the paths within these streams.
All six persons were arrested by the Assam Police, said the SP City.
The union also demanded the provision of equipment as many of the schools in the district have not received the equipment according to their needs.
I wish Republic Day to the officers in the Indian missions in various countries and the people of the country in other countries.
What surprised the residents is that the place where these Lymbits are located is in the middle of Shillong and it is also on the side of the road, but how can these Lymbits be in this place for more than two days? Without fleeing from this place, they were thrown into the kit and dieng.
Therefore, when the country is fighting against such a great challenge, the people must experience this strength from time to time which has appeared in the people themselves.
It may be recalled that the villagers of the area said that if MeECL cannot start the work, it is better for them to sell kilos of light equipment which has been installed in the village.
He said the record in exports was also a sign of increased employment.
Dr Sharma said the BJP is now preparing for the work done by the Congress government under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma to point out the inability to work in the tenure of Dr Mukul Sangma as prime minister. At the same time, the party has prepared for the elections next year.
Shillong, July 22: U Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh today visited Nongsawlia Village in Sohra to mark the special day of Reverend Thomas Jones in Sohra. .
The Anti Narcotics Task Force (ATS) of South West Khasi Hills District, which is a department of the Police Department in the district, is one of the departments that has not been operational. All government departments within the District.
The Minister said the State Government has also decided to strengthen the anti-drug campaign in all the seven districts which have been identified as drug hotspots and other districts of the State.
On the other hand, HANM has admitted that it is a victory that the government employees have not fought against.
Balpakram National Park is located in South Garo Hills District.
Guest of Honour, Paul Lyngdoh, in his speech said, “ It is in events like the Monolith Festival that brings not just the Khasi community together but also converges, unites and highlights the unique identity of the Khasi people along with the rest of the world .
In order to encourage them more, I request you to please bring to the attention of the students through your respected newspaper this 14Meritorious Award for Student, 2017, which will be held the glory is great.
This problem has affected not only the factories in Byrnihat but also the dewbilat factories in Lumshong Jaintia Hills.
The Minister explained his preparations for the Olympics and said, “When I announced that India will be among the 10 countries in the 2028 Olympics, I made some calculations.
Shillong, November 10: The BJP today continued the registration of voters for the 17-North Shillong Constituency at Raitsamthiah. Speaking to reporters, UM Kharkrang, one of the candidates for the BJP ticket from this constituency, said that many of the people especially from the villages have come to register their names. Khasi have come to register themselves and more than 1000 people have already registered today.
The party will continue to be vigilant and urged the Dorbar Shnongs to be ready to deport any foreigner who tries to enter our villages especially now that the CAA has become law.
This action of the MUA-2 Government is only to take advantage of the people because near the end of their term of office, the Government's permission to start the construction of this railway line is for the purpose of It is for the personal benefit of the Congress Government, not for the people because the people of the state themselves are strongly opposed to this railway line without proper laws.
The party now calls for the joint efforts of all writers, journalists, teachers, political parties, religious organizations, NGOs and the public to achieve this goal. demand.
On the same day, the IG of Shillong Fromtier also honored four veteran BSF personnel who took part in the Bangladesh war who are still alive.
Ronnie V Lyngdoh said that the people of Sohiong should be wise, and now it is clear that these parties have a close relationship with the NPP. Shillong, Lber 29: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Thomas A Sangma today convened a meeting of the NPP and BJP. High Power Committee to discuss the construction of the Legislative Assembly building at Mawdiangdiang.
Police have registered a case under Section 94 BNS, 2023 at Dawki Police Station and the body of the child has been taken to Ïalong Civil Hospital for post mortem.
Therefore, the foreign price has shown that the trading license and the obtaining of trading license by the people to trade is according to the NOC received from the Dorbar Shnong and also from the District Council.
This shows that the Tripura government does not want to expose to the world its crimes against the minorities and the organizations understand that there is violence against the tribals in all aspects even in the field of roads. Police have also seized the ID card of a journalist from the Jaidbynriew Riewlum.
In the midst of all this, there were demands to improve the quality of medicines and there were also those who asked questions about the selection of those who should receive the medicines first.
The device was seized by the Police and taken to the OGC for further action.
It also opened a Medical College and Hospital at Dhubri and laid the foundation stone for two Zonal Institutes of the National Institute of Virology (NIV) in – (i) Dibrugarh, Assam and (ii) Jabalpur, Madhya Pradesh. this day.
The Government has taken this decision after careful consideration and after receiving the reports from all the Deputy Commissioners of the Districts. ' to these three largest cities in the state.
Regarding the accommodation fee, it was said that the accommodation fee will be 4,000 tyngka per month and this amount has lasted only for 40 months. After 40 months without notice, it has been increased to 7,000 tyngka per month. The increase is two thousand tyngka without notice.
The campaign will start from the 1st of next month and will be announced on the website.
P.N.Syiem to set a date for the members of the Union to meet with him and the members of his EC to inform him about what came out of the meeting with the Prime Minister on 31.08.2016 and about the proposal. to request the VAB and to understand the opinion of the KHADC before we take this decision to the General Meeting of the SNSBH. The Union strongly condemns and opposes the proposal of the Shillong Municipal Board to introduce the Property Tax, in which the people have to pay tax on the ownership of land. It is understood that this Act will transform the land owners into tenants in their own houses and land.
Dr Donkupar said that he has heard talks regarding Tripura, where the villagers have become low paid in the state and this should not happen in this state to protect this is only. national parties, other parties will fight only to win elections.
In Shillong, most of the queues are at SBI Main Branch Shillong and other banks in Shillong.
This is where the question arises what is the role of the teacher and the role of the government, the role of the teachers is to shape the students and the role of the government is to take responsibility.
The purpose of her visit to these military bases in the North East is to understand the presence of troops in the region and the military base at Tezpur. There is a need for the country in this area and to know how ready the army and the army are.
The Dorbar said that all these are household matters and all the issues should be resolved through dialogue, and it is on this basis that the Dorbar Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, has decided to meet with the The Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, (who has agreed to meet tomorrow) with the Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, tomorrow morning, 3 October 2013, to discuss the above issues.
The JAC urges the government and NHAI to repair the NH-6 within a day and if it does not, they will not gather again on the road to block the road.
“Through this statement, we urge the family members of those who attacked Samla Wanri Kordor Khyriem and Samla Manbha Kupar Kshiar to take action and send them to surrender to the authorities if they At the same time, the party sends a strong warning to those who have tried to destroy the Jaitbynriew. Know that this is our country so don't anger us the Trai Ri Trai Muluk because from the FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle is ready to take other measures if the time demands to bring peace and harmony to our brothers and sisters in our own land. FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle today went to accompany these youths who were injured in the attack to go for treatment at the Civil Hospital Shillong. The party wishes Samla Wanri Kordor Khyriem and Samla Manbha Kupar Kshiar to have a healthy body and not to be afraid to walk or stand. FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle will be vigilant from now on so that such incidents will not happen again in the future.
Today when we gather in Meghalaya I would like to say that the people of Meghalaya have a close relationship with nature, and they are blessed to have a fire of nature which has forty kinds of wonders in it. which we still keep and care for today.
Will the MBOSE change its syllabus to match the NCF syllabus? Who will be responsible for this if there is a change through the announcement of the NCF? ??The Seng also expresses its surprise that in 2017, the MBOSE has just completed the revision of the textbooks for classes 8, 9 and 10 in some subjects.
For example, the Indian Registration Act 1908 does not recognize the 16 types of land in Khasi Jaintia.
Modi added that the aspirations of a young country like India cannot be achieved if the spirit of sports is part of your life.
At the same time, the JSM-WJC has warned the youth of the community not to make friends and marry other community members as it affects not only their families but also their families. even the society remains the same.
Col N Selvakumar of the BSF received the longest award with 455 posts.
This was stated by Bah C Passah, Cultural Secretary, JSU Shillong.
“Police should investigate who is involved in this violence and destruction of homes and property and should immediately arrest those involved and punish them according to the law,” he said. he said.
It demonstrates the importance of trade, natural resources and culture of these five states for a prosperous India and is seen as a step towards building an inclusive India.
In a petition submitted to Sangma, the HYC said that the building of the school was inaugurated on the 17th July this year by the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma. The school does not have electricity or any other equipment.
They said that during the Election India, political parties and candidates who wish to hold meetings within the boundary of the Dorbar have to issue NOCs (No Objection Certificates) to the Dorbar. the Election Commission authorities in the provision of polling stations, accommodation for Election workers.
Shangpliang said the farmers were expecting to be able to sell their produce at a reasonable price through this market.
However, in the past few days, they have had the opportunity to meet with the Deputy CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem and have promised to send a letter to the Sordar of Laitlyngkot Elaka. Bah Alenson Shabong to hold the election of the full Rangbah Shnong of the village.
If you don't understand the value of electing leaders, the leader when you win will have to declare what you have spent on that donation to the villages, food or drink, food and drink, There shall be no time to pass laws, no time to speak on the affairs of the state.
The meeting was inaugurated by Samla Ostarnic Marbaniang, Organizing Secretary of KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit.
He said that if the Forest Department is ready to allocate land to foreigners, other states should also be ready to allocate land to Khasi and if the Forest Department is slow to remove illegal immigrants from This is the KSU's responsibility.
Shillong, March 03: The Eastern Air Command will hold the Air Festival 2013 in Upper Shillong to mark its 81st anniversary.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah FM Dopth (MCS) Director, Govt.
Their stay in these places should not be recent but since the time of the kulong kumah.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that the road will be completed on time by the end of October
The months of June and July are yet to come.
On the other hand, Bah M Kharkrang, spokesperson of the BJP, said that the party has not had any discussion on the MP election. Kharkrang said the BJP Meghalaya has not yet held any discussion to nominate Hek for the MP from Shillong seat. He said that AL Hek wants to contest this MP election because he is the best candidate for the people as he has served as MLA of Pynthorumkhrah for seven terms.
Her visit to India was to receive the World Sanskrit Award at the invitation of the Indian Council of Cultural Relations (ICCR).
Shillong, Jymmang 1: Sabina Parvez Warjri, a mother of Meghalaya, has won the Mrs. Universal 2017 pageant held in Delhi recently.
Shillong, Lber 31: The residents of Umden area of ​​Ri Bhoi District who have accounts with the Meghalaya Rural Bank have not been able to withdraw their money because the manager of the bank has said that many of them still have money inside the Bank.
This ceremony was held before the mass climb to the top of Mount Sohpetbnemg on the 2nd of June.
However, this too has been a success and the hospital authorities have already sent all the shortcomings.
We don't want to clean up the garbage only from our own villages and throw it away and pollute other places," he said.
no.8014236523, Roseanjeline M Kharsyntiew Mairang Ph.
Furthermore, in the last five years, 4217 km of roads have been constructed in rural areas under the PMGSY and the Government will continue to open the 'Chief' Minister's Rural Connectivity Scheme' to connect the villages which do not fall under the PMGSY, he said.
Shillong, Lber 10: The Chief Election Officer of Meghalaya, Bah Fredric Roy Kharkongor, today said that the Election Commission of India (ECI) has decided to hold a meeting with the MDA. India today announced to hold MP elections to the Lok Sabha in nine constituencies and the government announcement will be issued on the 18th of this month.
During these seven days there will be an exhibition of their talents in drawing, music and many other activities.
Such consultations make students understand even more on this issue.
: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday warned the government not to arrest its members in connection with the killing of two foreigners in the village. Ichamati and a mystery worker in Mawlai Mawroh.
Speaking at the meeting, Samla Seiborlang said, “Thousands of people in the world live without homes, but it is very happy that our nation is truly blessed by God. for we have not one of our brothers who is homeless.
The meeting will also be attended by the Secretary to the Ministry of Agriculture, Government of India.
Believers from all over the country including their relatives who were present at the scene today laid flowers and held a special prayer for the deceased.
The highest number of recoveries are from East Khasi Hills 148, West Garo Hills 84, South West Garo Hills 25, Ri Bhoi West Jaintia Hills 10, 88957 cases have been recovered.
The CEM said that according to the explanation of the MUDA officers, the parking lot at the top of the market will be constructed and cleaned through the Smart City scheme. and darkness even in the morning.
One of the issues that we would like to inform the government through you as the Minister of the State Government is that please send an inspection to all the schools which lack teachers whether they are Government Schools, Deficit Schools or other schools. also to create opportunities to appoint more teachers posts in such schools so that it can help the students to get the proper education as they deserve.
The JSU-WJC has received information that the construction is for the purpose of patrolling the BGB with flood lights.
Umran, Jymmang 05: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, while inaugurating the Meghalaya Police Academy at Umran Niangbyrnai in Bhoi District, on Tuesday said that the training center will not only be for the police but also for the police. also a place to train the elders.
On Dr Mukul's claim that the government will fail after the mid-term elections, it is just a misrepresentation.
Indeed, it puts society, efficiency and governance at risk if someone takes advantage of or misuses religion or religious texts for the benefit of their business or political interests or even to run you're right.
In the Fifth Session, it was seen that after the elections, the state has got a coalition government as no political party has got a single rule.
For those who lost their homes, the government has provided food and clothing and many other necessities.
These two days leave, government employees will have to compensate by working on 18th and 25th October
The JSU wishes you all a happy Behdienkhlam, according to a statement sent by Samla Livingson Sama, Art and Culture Secretary of the JSU.
The dispatch of Indian-built Do-228 aircraft will be done in a multi-stage manner.
The theme of the meeting was “Let's join hands to protect the environment”.
Ulrika Modéerka praised the initiatives of the Government of India to accelerate economic development in the North East.
In this meeting with the participation of the Rangbah Shnongs of Ri-Bhoi District, the incumbent CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, Bah Malai said that “The CEM wants to get the opinion of all the MDCs after the Select Committee has submitted its report and this demand is not only of the party, but it is the wish of the people and we urge The KHADC should investigate this matter.
On the other hand, the CoMSO said that they have done their part to advise and give time to the government to do what is necessary and now the task remains with the government to implement the law. In the past few days, the CoMSO has met with government ministers, leaders of government parties and also with MLAs from the opposition.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Forwell Warjri, owner of FE Enterprise, said that it was in the early hours of the morning that Joseph entered the warehouse without fear to take the oil. it shall be in the morning.
Police have recovered a 9 pistol from his body.
"The Vice President congratulated the youth who have now entered a new stage in their lives and said that it is necessary for them to become innovators and entrepreneurs so that they can become job givers, not job seekers.
Those who are set together in this prison.
This makes it easier for tourists to travel to their desired places like Sohra, Mawsynram, Mawlynnong, Dawki, Nongkrem, Laitlum, Mawphanlur, Nongkhnum and other places without having to enter Shillong. The preparation for this is in progress.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Banshai said that the government should not force the people to get Tika but should also listen to the demands of the people and urged the government to allow them to the people do not live as freely as the citizens in all respects.
The union feels that these prisoners who are in this place will also be able to celebrate this great day.
In an interview with this reporter, Elinda thanked Frank Yamaha for opening the way for her to do this job as she is a self-trained two wheeler manufacturer.
According to information received, this year there have been many problems in these markets due to the over-involvement of the Bangladesh Border Guard (BGB) troops in relation to the import of goods from the country. thie country to die in these Hat.
When inquired whether there is any suspicion about the death of the mother, the Rangbah Shnong said that he cannot say anything about it.
This statement was sent by Lotipson Mynsong, Vice President of the Circle.
The Government has already released up to 965 Megahertz spectrum in April 2016 to all companies operating in this industry and this has enabled companies to operate 3G and 4G faster. the Internet.
Up to 70 students of the college came forward to donate blood.
The union said that many of these demands of the union are already in the law but the government has not responded.
15,000 drones will be provided to women's SHGs over the next three years.
Use byrni plates that have been soaked in 5% neem after cleaning.
Before the start of the short program and also the awareness programme, the students of Syntung UP and Secondary School performed specially prepared songs and dances. Ms. Hun Pale, Head Teacher, Syntung UP & Secondary School, welcomed the guests and guests.
The Youth Wing of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Mawsynram constituency has strongly condemned the incident of throwing petrol bombs at the house of an MLA. I don't want to throw more power at the people.
This government will implement all these laws.
Monitoring of water supply and sanitation etc. in these cities; Ramesh Bidhuri praised the implementation of smart city initiatives by introducing measures such as the Ease of Living Index and Climate Smart Cities.
The KSU congratulates the incumbent EC of KHADC for making it clear before the session that it will not issue NOC for uranium mining.
Shillong, November 06: The Government of Meghalaya through the Ministry of Home Affairs today issued a notice to set up a Police Out Post at Barato Village in West Jaintia Hills District. Hills District, this was announced by the Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, Department of Home Affairs.
On the other hand, the AICC has congratulated former President Dr. Celestine for her hard work for the party. I was appointed as Working President.
Shillong, July 22: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today met with a motion of no confidence in the EC. However, the opposition did not leave the House without paying anyone.
Visa and Mastercard have now started to decline in India from the availability of Indian payment methods such as UPI and RUPAY and now account for 65% of all payments made by India. credit card nad that debit card.
At this meeting, all the workers of these two parties were urged to work hard for the victory.
The arrested were identified as Rina Devi 50 and her daughter Loywin, 14, both from Kamalganj district and Molvibazar, Bangladesh. Another Indian who brought them was identified as Bah Denis Thava from Kongwang.
Before entering the world of science, he taught Economics at Synod College and North Eastern Hill University.
In his speech, Dr. Shreeranjan emphasized one theme and that is how to fight for the preservation of plants in this environment. respect nature as humans have a major role to play in doing this.
These players of Shillong Lajong FC have expressed their happiness to have this opportunity to represent India and promised to dedicate their body and soul for the country in all sports. .
To achieve this goal, public information can be provided in hospitals/institutions so that there is knowledge and understanding among patients and their families.
The BCC is surprised that only by reinstating this person who has left the party will the BCC as a whole have to be dissolved.
He recalled that Meghalaya has already requested the NTA to set up CUET Centers in all 12 Districts of Meghalaya which will be located in schools which have all the necessary facilities to conduct the CUET Centres. The Chief Minister has requested Dharmendra Pradhan to intervene by directing the NTA to arrange a separate examination center for the students of Meghalaya.
We cannot help but be shocked and saddened that four of our fellow citizens have lost their lives.
He explained that the GVP is not available in all of India, there are other companies operating these 108 in other states and there are states which are operated by the state government. Meghalaya also to run 108 as the party wants the government to improve.
To promote the Fit India movement, there will also be a number of sports events at the festival.
Also present on the occasion was the famous Khasi filmmaker Bah Dapkupar Nongrum, better known as Bah Bobby, who has acted in many Khasi films.
Members of the HYC together with the police have gone to stop the land grabbing and felling of trees to build a police outpost in the area. Police of Assam.
Answering a question on why and what prompted the Chief Executive Members of the Khasi States to oppose the Sixth Schedule, Bah John F Kharshiing said that the Khasi States since 1947-4 against the Sixth Schedule.
The completion of these projects will bring benefits to the people as they will contribute to the peaceful life in the urban areas.
The construction of these wooden shops on this road is near the newly built NPP office and these small wooden shops have been built in places outside the Chief Secretary's office.
The pass percentage of students by district is East Khasi Hills 80.60%, West Khasi Hills 74.49%, Ri-Bhoi 91.67%, West Garo Hills 47.98%, East Garo Hills 59.09% and South Garo Hills 66.67%. South West Khasi Hills 50.62%, West Jaintia Hills 67.79%, East Jaintia Hills 65.63%, North Garo Hills 45.59% and South West Garo Hills 76.47%.
All these places are located in the Civil Hospitals of these Districts, which are known as the Civil Hospitals of the Districts.
Furthermore, the party asks, “Where are the Ministers of the Executive Durbar of the Hima to speak on this?”.
Shillong, July 31: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today morning inaugurated the Umroi C&RD Block at Khapmara which falls within the border of Bhoirymbong district.
When contacted by SP News Agency, other construction workers in the area said that the earthquake occurred at 3 pm or less and fell suddenly. tap the house where the workers live in the newly built house.
Police are conducting a thorough search operation to arrest another robber who is still on the run.
This opportunity has fulfilled my dream and has also given me the opportunity to stand on my own feet.
To do this, the cooperation of the Chiefs, Rangbah Shnongs, public officials, villagers, NGOs and various religious leaders is required. face.
He also stressed on the challenges facing the branches in the border areas.
Police who arrived at the scene have driven small vehicles from the nar bridge nearby which is no longer used for heavy vehicles. Don't know how to move these trucks from this area so that the trucks can pass.
The Sangam inscriptions of ancient Tamil Nadu describe the life of fishermen and their boats (Akananuru).
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed no deaths from COVID-19 today, bringing the total number of deaths to 1446. Most of the deaths have been reported from East Khasi Hills District. Hills District  985 people.
The purpose of this month is to educate the public and to raise awareness of the problems caused by corruption which will affect the country.
The inspection led by the General Secretary Eddie Robin Malngiang found that all the foreigners did not have a Work Permit and what is more surprising is that they did not have even an EPIC. prove that they are Indian citizens.
Mr. Carnes Sohshang has been appointed to the Ministry of Development and Education.
On the other hand, the Minister congratulated all those who took part in making this day a success and urged them to cooperate to continue to provide medical facilities. The public should work together to provide health services to the public.
However, the British did not keep their promises and on the 4th of June, 1829, Tirot Singh and his troops attacked the British area at Nongkhlaw. British officers were killed.
Such behavior not only makes it difficult for us to trust the Government but can also affect the efforts to bring about reconciliation," he said.
Shillong, Iaiong 30: BSF today arrested Sauful Islam, 30, of Bhati Jhagarachar, Assam. from Mankachar District where 21 cows were seized.
On this occasion, prominent journalists from the state and those who have been involved in the field of journalism for a long time were also honoured. Other speakers at the meeting were, Manas Chaudhuri, Editor of Assam. The meeting was chaired by the President of the party, Bah RM Shabong.
In 1972, the Nartiang Police Investigation Center was established as the Nartiang Police Investigation Centre. their work to this present place.
Nirmala Sitharaman announced that the Government will appoint a high-powered committee to look into the problems caused by population growth and changes in the economy of the country and that this committee will recommend how to address these issues in a comprehensive manner in line with the goal of 'Viksit Bharat'
In a statement sent by Bah Bandari Ryntathiang, Chairman of COMSO, he said, “We welcome, appreciate and congratulate the government departments for bringing in development projects. the scheme is implemented in the state"
The demand of the JSU for a blood bank in Jaintia Hills is not for the benefit of the school children in Jaintia Hills, but for the sake of the lives and deaths of our brothers and sisters. Heibor Pariat, Organizing Secretary, JYF Jowai City.
He said there is a need to have a fully functional police station in Langpih.
Gunanka DB, who is the Joint Secretary in charge of the Planning, Investment Promotion and Sustainable Development Department and others, will also act as the Joint Secretary of the Agriculture and Farmer's Welfare Department.
The Superintendent of Police, Vivek Syiem, said in a statement that on 16th June, police have received a complaint that a person who claims to be an officer of the IB department of the Government of India has cheated money. The public has been appointed to the Secretariat.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has introduced the slogan, 'One India, Great India' to hold this vision.
Shillong, July 9: BSF troops from Purnanagar in East Khasi Hills District have arrested Madhu Koch and 7840 Biri. pack.
Speaking to reporters, Bah N Nongsiej, Rangbah Shnong of Nongjri Ummawbuh, said that they have come to meet with the CEM of KHADC, Bah Ardent Basaiamoit regarding the existence of the company. The number of cows in this area is in the tens of thousands and the waste from this cow farm is discharged into the river until this water from this river is no longer good for anything.
He said that this has never happened in the past. He said that recently the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said that there is no illegal mining of coal in the state. indicates that there is illegal mining.
In the past years, there has been a book reading in front of the Khasi children by their own Sangot who shouted “Khulom nar bad ka khmut u Diamond” to warn and warn us who are only shi troh, that in the pursuit of wealth, we are deprived of those rights – the rights that have been destroyed by the past.
Shillong, November 09: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today ended its three-day strike at the Additional Secretariat by announcing that the protests will continue. Inner Line Permit (ILP) in this state.
“If the government announces to conduct a race or to conduct a Physical Endurance Test (PET) and other examinations,” said GK Iangrai, MPS.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: The four-day Border Coordination Conference of the ISG BSF and Region Commanders BGB started today at Shylet, Bangladesh and will end on the 18th of this month.
On the other hand, the SDO handed over the certificate to confirm the victory in the mid-term elections.
Shillong, March 22; Hindu devotees today completed their Durga Puja festival with devotion. The festival will end tomorrow morning and will continue with the worship of their gods in the city. Shillong is located in Wahumkhrah.
Shillong, Nailar 5: The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE) today announced the results 2021 of the SSLC and HSSLC. St.Thomas Higher Secondary School,Mairang West Khasi Hills District.
Police said the Area Commander of East Garo Hills was at the scene but escaped.
Consider the public before taking a decision,” said Bah Nongrum.
According to this article, it is clear that the Khasi Hills had a special status before India, and it was because of this special status of the Khasi Jaintia Hills that the Indian authorities approved them. special rules in relation to our country.
Meanwhile, the Advocate General of the State Government, A Kumar and Muktiar SS Sen, told the court that the documents were available, but he asked for permission if possible. there is no need to file additional written statements in court on the written statement already filed in court.
The loss is irreversible.
However, to say that I am right, the thief should have explained,” said Bah Pala.
He said that the Arm Fight will be attended by Bollywood stars and others from outside the state. The state did not participate in the Arm Fight.
Shillong, July 18: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek today convened a meeting of all private hospitals in the state to discuss the cost of treatment. who is infected with COVID-1
When will the Government of India implement the ILP in Meghalaya?
Along with the opportunity for participants to understand and talk to communities that are leading the way in community initiatives to protect the environment, delegates and speakers from different countries will have the opportunity to see the culture of Meghalaya including traditional songs, dances, arts and crafts and food items of the state.
He also praised the oversight of health matters.
New Delhi, Lber 22: The Prime Minister, Nadrendra Modi today held talks with leaders of pharmaceutical companies through video conferencing.
Thousands of Khasi and other ethnic groups living in Ribhoi district on 22nd July, 2024 took to the streets to welcome Congress leader Rahul Gandhi who came to visit. to Meghalaya as part of the Jodo Nyay Yatra which he launched recently in Manipur.
There were those who worked from abroad who tried to tempt and put obstacles, but they could not overcome them and all the members of the union were arrested.
The Deputy Commissioner has ordered that no one should enter and leave these villages. The residents of these villages have been ordered to stay indoors for many years. meeting to gather people.
The KHADC should also have a cooperation and understanding with the Dorbar of the Federation of Khasi State. and all these may lead to the abolition of the District Council by the Central Government.
These people, when we investigate, are not citizens of this state.
The Chief Minister, who is also in charge of the Finance Department, said that the government will bring in the full budget for the year 2023-2 The state has prepared the budget.
Police are conducting a thorough search operation in the area to track down the suspects.
Shillong, March 07: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today held talks with the Union Home Ministry to ensure that 27 people from the state who went to Palestine and Israel will be allowed to enter the country. I'm going to India.
“According to the National Register of Citizens (NRC) released by the Assam Government, there are more than 20 lakh citizens who have no names. .
This house belongs to Meera Kharkongor.
Other speakers at the meeting were Deputy Chief Executive Member Gigur Myrthong, EM Teiborlang Pathaw and Leader of the Opposition Lamphrang Blah.
Quote “(1).
These products are from the soh obtained from the area, such as Sohphan, Syieng, through which they have made ashar, wine from soh, ashar sohmenken and other products.
It is true that the people of Umkiang and Lumshnong are in dire need of their own C&RD Block.
In his speech as the chief guest, Teibor Papang praised the Unitarian Church for taking this initiative and said that this is the first time that any organization will hold such programmes. inside the village of Mukhap.
In another incident, Mohan Poon has lodged a complaint with the Shillong Police Station that on the 7th of this month his 19-year-old daughter was found dead in a tyllai phasi at her residence. The 19-year-old girl was suspected to have been killed by unknown persons in the complaint to the police.
Other speakers at the meeting were Milda Shylla from Tyrshang, Habadajop Lyngdoh and Raj Passah from SURE. The meeting was conducted by Kobarnes Tlang, President of the Seng. Farmers' Association in Thadlaskein Block.
Besides, a letter was posted on social media on 7th June informing about the reinforcement of the GNLA. that crime.
In this regard, on behalf of the group which is fighting against the authorities of the Central and State Governments.
“This should also be revised by clarifying that for posts at district level where those who are currently unable to be transferred outside the district after appointment, 80% of the special allocation should be allocated for Khasi-Jaintia in Khasi and Jaintia Hills and 80% of the quota should be allocated to Garo only in Garo Hills,” said the letter from KHNAM submitted to the Expert Committee.
“To ensure the safety of Government officials and to prevent any attempts by robbers to destroy and damage office buildings, government vehicles and others, all District Heads and Officers have been directed to Fire Extinguishers, shyiap and water should be provided in the offices in case of any incident,” said the DC. “Government vehicles should be parked in safe places. including near PS/OP/BH and in places directed by the office of the Superintendent of Police, Ribhoi District.
The villages affected by the floods include Nongjri, Umrnong, Umsning-Umsohlang Jagi Road, Lumniangdot, Umsning Proper A and Umsning Proper B, Syadheh, Syadrit, Patarim, Lumroman and Umsainar villages and on behalf of these villages the Sub-Divisional Officer of PHE has confirmed in a report sent to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi regarding the pollution of this well. and Wah Umtrew.
Mathew said that in connection with the problems faced by the farmers, more than 700 farmers in the country have committed suicide under the rule of the BJP government. the laws that affect the farmers.
The KSU understands that as long as there are problems, the opportunity to stop or lose the school will come.
Those who use tobacco start from the time they are young and this lasts until they grow up.
Shillong, November 06: All India Radio and Dordarshan Kendra Shillong have held a Good Will Concert at Aurobindo Hall.
The rules and regulations are that those who wish to apply for this post must be only those who can speak English and Hindi not only those who can speak but also those who can write. Class 10+2 and their height should be 160 cm for females and 170 cm for males.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with CEMs and civil society groups, Preston said that out of the 12 border disputes with Assam, the government is considering 6 border disputes. and the remaining seven land will be taken up next year.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: The President of the Hills State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) today said that the party has decided to become a member of the National Federation of New States (NFNS). .
Shillong, Nailur 17: The Chairman of the All Garo Joint Action Committee (AGJAC) Nikman Marak, who has arrived from Tura to discuss the issue of ILP, said: Speaking at the meeting, he said that the problem of illegal entry of foreigners is not only in Khasi Hills but also in Garo Hills.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare should announce the tynghung at such outlets where there is a public gathering to buy pets.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today proposed to the teachers to pay their salaries online through the online system. .
The meeting will start on 3.12.2019 at Laitjem and Madanrting, 4.12.2019 at Malki and Laban.
The death toll has risen to 10, 7 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from East Garo Hills and 2 from West Jaintia Hills.
The Director of NEIGRIHMS, Prof. (Dr.) DM Thappa gave the first vaccination to Kong Larihun Lyngdoh Mawphlang.
Shillong, July 17: The Inspiring Youngsters Club in collaboration with the Office of the District Sports Officer of South West Khasi Hills District invites all village sports clubs or private clubs within the border of Sam. To take part in the 3rd Inspiring Youngsters Under 16 Football Tourney,
Shillong, July 16: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) strongly condemns the Border Security Force (BSF) for cutting down the trees in the fields of the residents of Nongtrai village to build a bridge across the Phlangkaruh River. reading duty.
However, Pralhad Joshi also expressed his concerns about the auction system in the North East and urged the State Governments to arrange for the auction in the North East.
The light outage has been going on for more than two months due to the fact that some of the post lights have been damaged, but MeECL has not taken action to repair and repair them.
At this public meeting, the civil society organizations of Ri Lum Garo refused to attend the public meeting.
Shillong, Jymang 15: Former Mawprem MLA Manas Choudhury, while explaining the allegation by the Greater Laban Community Development Society (GLCDS), on Tuesday said that all this is just a trick as the MDC elections are approaching this year. I don't want to say that I'm a nationalist.
Nongkesh said, “I suspect that this incident is a political plot to arrest Stanlywiss Rymbai,” he said. your suspicion.
) issued by the Government of India through the Ministry of Personnel, Public Grievances and Pensions, Department of Personnel and Training New Delhi, dated 5th November, 2005; the Office Memorandum dated 4th November, 2007 and the Compendium of Instructions No.F.No.36011/1/2022-Estt.
Speaking to reporters, James said the first decision taken at the meeting was that the Cabinet has accepted the holidays set by the government besides the Saturday and Sunday holidays.
Adelbert said that if they are willing to commit such crimes, it is like they are doing to the people. He said that whether it is groups or individuals, they should come forward to express what they have done. They don't have to speak because as a state they don't have peace.
The Educere School was established in 1994 with only 100 students and is now one of the leading schools in Eat Garo Hills.
During the search, police recovered a plastic bag and from this bag they recovered 92 unused rounds of 5.56 mm, 129 rounds of 7.62 mm and 160 rounds of ammunition. 9mm, it is said that such seizures from the area have been found in the past.
The ceremony was attended by Dakishan Z. Malngiang and Badonkupar Nongbri, Assistant Organizing Secretary of the KSU. He is a former member of the Seng along with members from various Circles and Units.
There are 605 cases in the state, 497 in East Khasi Hills, 5 in West Khasi Hills, 50 in Ri Bhoi, 14 in West Jaintia Hills, 17 in West Garo Hills and 16 in South West Garo. Hills 4 cases, South Garo Hills 2 cases.
The Government should provide 30% benefits to those employees who have been employed by BSNL during the lockdown.
Those who attended the meeting were R Moon Garod, Nongbah, Je Pyrtuh, Amwi, Risein Pan, Mynsoo, Chui Pohlynjar, Nongtalang, Wenly Dhar, Shangpung and Erudith. Sutnga, Chawas Lyngdoh, Raliang, K Comet Rymbai, Jowai, Manbha Kyndoh, Narpuh, Batskhem Lyngdoh, Nongjngi, Rymbai, Malding Amkhloo Laskamondong and Dkhamonlang. , Acting Chief of Nongkhlieh District, and others.
At the Asian Games last year, we won 107 medals and 111 medals at the Asian Para Games.
At the same time, the union urges the shopkeepers to think about the price of food items and to cooperate at this time not to take advantage only for personal gain but to think together. “It is a time when many of the people are in need especially in terms of money,” said the statement.
Dr. Myrthong said that Meghalaya is a state with a low number of people who come forward to donate blood, such a blood donation is a great benefit to the people. part of the celebration of environmental sustainability.
According to Bah Jophas, Bah Teiborlang Thangkiew was elected Rangbah Shnong in 2014 and is also the 4th Rangbah Shnong of the village.
The Seng wishes all the paradoh parasnam to have a healthy body, a strong mind, to progress in all aspects especially in their education. continue further.
This non-wearing of masks is an act of disobedience to the government authorities.
He said that these youths are still the first group who have not received adequate education from their families and this shows clearly that the state has not yet been able to receive adequate education from their families. 100 percent of the population is literate.
At the time of writing, the counting of votes is ongoing but it has been confirmed that the victory from Shillong Parliamentary seat has gone to Bah Vincent H Pala and from Tura to Purno A Sangma.
Once the KHADC has approved in the House, the renewal of the constituencies will have to be sent to the Governor for approval and once approved, the electoral roll will be prepared. cannot be completed within two months.
The union has asked the Deputy Commissioner to take action against the sudden increase in the price of beverages and if the DC cannot do anything within this day, the union will not. or to take the law in its own right and to investigate the reason why the price has increased.
When inquired, the CEM said that the Council will set up a special committee headed by the EM in charge of Council Assets & Buildings to meet with the State Government to discuss this issue.
Chyne said that the ban on shyiap mining in the state has affected the income of the people who earn their living from this industry.
Shillong, July 09: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today inaugurated the schemes which have already been implemented and also laid the foundation stone for the schemes to be implemented in the next few days. in South and North Garo Hills District.
The Minister said that if those who earn less than T.1.8 lakh don't have to pay anything, previously those who earn less than T.50,000/- per annum don't have to pay anything. they don't have to pay anything, but now it has been increased to Rs.1.8/- lakh.
The Investigating Officer of the case, Inspector MN Khan, the officer in charge of Laitumkhrah Police Station, has arrested Julius Kitbok Dorphang and three others. The case was filed in the POCSO, Shillong Court today.
It is the Congress Government in Delhi which has not taken action even though the HNLC has opened the door for peace talks since
Shillong, Nailur 03: The strike of the All Meghalaya Program Workers Association (AMMPWA) has reached its second day today after two persons were seriously injured and taken to the Civil Hospital Shillong for treatment. .
To verify this statement of the people, we cannot fail to come and see with our own eyes.
After hearing the views of the civil society, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that the government has to do something to fight against the influx of bars. state in this state.
Capricci Cinema is also proud to announce that Rapture has received a prestigious label from the GNCR (Groupement National des Cinémas de Recherche), a collective of arthouse exhibitors.
Because of the absence of the Indian citizenship and caused a serious violation of the Indian laws affecting the customs and traditions and others, the US Ambassador to India was given the a copy of the Instrument of Accession IOA & AA of the Federation of Khasi States approved and signed by the Government of India on 17 August he is from Shillong.
How many times has he spoken in the Assembly?” said Bah Ronnie Lyngdoh in an interview with the media.
Shillong, July 04: A group of people who met only in the WhatsApp Group called 'Tei la ka Ri' on November 31, 2019 opened and handed over the house of The house of Bah Skhem Sohtun, located in Umrakam Village, 11 Mer, Mylliem.
Shillong, June 30: The North East Forum for Indigenous Peoples (NEPIF) today held its first Executive Committee meeting. after this group is established.
After the funeral service in Sohra, the body will be taken to Shella for the burial of the Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly.
We have also tried to focus on grassroots sports with 200 projects worth Rs 500 crore.
As the Church grows, there is a need to care for the spiritual life of the faithful in many parts of the State,” said Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh in a statement.
Under the ILP, a person who wants to come to the state has to apply first and under the MRSS Act, a person must come first and the District Task Force does not have the power to arrest those who do not have permits. enough leaves.
Shillong, March 13: The Supervisory Committee appointed by the Supreme Court of India to look into the issue of ksianar shiah in On the India-Bangladesh border, the team visited Dawki and Baghmara to find out how far the work has progressed.
The survey shows that 78 out of 85 NCAP cities have PM10 levels above the NAAQS (60 micrograms per cubic metre).
Shillong, July 25: RNB Cements today planted trees based on the model of Akira Miyhawaki from Japan at Barapani. Industrial Area, Umiam, in Ri Bhoi district.
In fact I don't want to compare but when they bring it I can't compare, when I was an MP I used to take part in the meetings and the elderly used to take part because they had time. When asked when they will receive their pension, some say six months, some say one year and some say two years.
Dr. Mukul Sangma has criticized the MDA government for not taking action on the unemployment of the youth. Instead of creating 8000 jobs, the government has said that who, besides these, have been delayed, and what else shall be spoken.
Speaking in general, he said that the KSU has no problem in providing cooperation in any field, there is a need for mutual understanding and support.
JACSO with a heavy heart and a sense of responsibility for the country, after seeing many confusions among the people in the district through those road construction in the name of development.
The AIM has tried to find out what is the most important part of causing trouble to the students especially for their parents to becoming a health center for children in various schools. which treats them as patients in such areas without full explanation and that the students do not have any disease inside their bodies.
He praised Prime Minister Duh for empowering the Divyangs and said that about 10,000 Divyang meetings have been held after 2014 across the country, in which about 20 crore Divyangs have received assistance worth T.500 crore.
The winner received a cash prize of 3 lakh tyngka and the runner up received 50 thousand tyngka.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Tuesday demanded that the authorities of NEIGRIHMS should allow indigenous students to write the examination. in your own state.
Why can't we celebrate Good Governance Day on Holi or Puja, why on Christmas?
In his speech, the Prime Minister said that this new education department will bring about change in the future.
Ms Mitimai thanked the KSU Nonglum Unit and the KSU Mawlai Circle for their willingness to donate to this Creche which is still in need of assistance.
Referring to the petition, the National Commission on Human Rights (NCRH) in accordance with the laws and decisions of India on the provisions of Article 339A has decided in Following a thorough investigation by the National Commission for Scheduled Tribes (NCST), under Article 338A of the Constitution of India, the Government of India has decided on 26th June 2012, to implement the Members of the Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya on 7th and 9th July 2012 held a special meeting with the UPA government and the NAC, led by Sonia Gandhi and V Kishore Chandra Deo. They also submitted a petition with three main points, and that the Hima Khasi should be the property of the Doloi and Nokmas according to the laws of India.
The union has received information on this matter and the union has made it clear to the DC South West Khasi Hills District and the PHE department that the union is against the introduction of earthmoving machines in Mawkyrwat. The District Administration and the PHE have banned water drilling throughout the district.
Sister Julia is the sister of Bah Martin N Majaw, Minister of Finance, Meghalaya, her sister Josephine Majaw lives in Malki and her brother lives in Canada.
Police have taken the body to the Civil Hospital for post mortem.
At present, the enrollment rate in schools has reached 99.8% and this has brought about equality in education between women and men.
The leader of the gang was led by Mithu Sharma, said Bah Syiem.
The HSPDP from the beginning did not accept the Sub State and demanded a full state and this led the APHLC to continue the struggle for a full state in
The meeting was attended by all the VDPs of Mawngap Police Station.
Regarding the NOC, the government has not yet issued it.
He said that if Bah Augustus Jyrwa Lada reaches his goal, he will take action to translate into Khasi the 6th Schedule as well as many of the laws and rules of the District Council so that the Rangbah Shnongs and other people can Now once again it is the Congress party which is protecting the people from the BJP which has set a target to attack the CAB. to work together with the Congress Party, a party that brings peace to all the people.
The Minister said he has to look into the terms and conditions that the government has signed with the GVK Company, after which a meeting will be convened.
Telina Thangkhiew, leader of the HSPDP party in the KHADC, said that today they have withdrawn their support from the PDF and as of now the PDF is in short supply in the KHADC. The Council will not be able to pass the budget for the year 2017-2
“We strongly demand that the Government/DC should immediately revoke this order and if they do not, we will take the Prime Minister/NPP/UPD/HSPDP/BJP (Meghalaya Government) to court,” said the statement. This was announced by the Working President of KHNAM, Bah Thomas Passah in a statement.
In her speech, BT Jyrwa President of the HNYF Women's Wing, said that according to the observation in Meghalaya there are many ethnic groups, Bengali, Bihar, Marwri, Nepali and others in the state. Meghalaya has not been treated unfairly, look at the markets and shops but if there is such a thing as alleged they should come forward to complain.
When the facilities are this good, the players' spirits are high," he said.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Himalaya Shangpliang said that from the talks with the farmers, the buyers have increased the price to T.5.00 per kilo.
He urged the people not to panic but to listen to the instructions.
On the 12th, starting at 4:30 pm, all the households of the Khun Raij will hold the Deiñkhlam in their homes. On the 9th, the Khon Raij will take the Symbood Khnong from Loomsoing to Khiehchnong Chiliang Raij. At 12 o'clock they will leave Mynkoi Pyrdi to go to Iawmusiang and all the religious places.
The party prays that the souls of these Rangbah will rest in peace forever in the place that God has not chosen.
Shillong, July 28: The Governor of Assam and Meghalaya, Banwarilal Purohit, while speaking to reporters after being sworn in as the Governor of Assam, said that “The law will do what it wants”.
The meeting was attended by the Chief Secretary, Deputy Commissioners of the Districts.
This decrease in pH indicates that it may be due to the mining of markhyndew especially coal.
The Government of Meghalaya has decided to hold elections to the District Councils in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Nailur 22: Two persons have been arrested in connection with the robbery of Meghalaya Rural Bank, Ksehbilat Branch. Kurkalang, 25, of Pomlakrai, Mawtharia and Shiningstar Wahlang, 23, of Wahkdait, Dong Pata, Madanrting Block-G. From 5.15 pm to 5.30 pm, some people entered the bank and locked the manager inside the room and forced her to open the safe but she did not open the safe.
Not only that, but in the future, many schools in the city and even in the rural areas will be merged with the Central Board like CBSE/ICSE, etc. There are no central schools in the state.
In this regard, he spoke about several projects like PM Gati Shakti, expansion of highways in the North East, increase in the number of operational airports under the UDAN scheme and progress. in telecom, transportation through residential areas, forests, industrial parks and others.
During the meeting, the Chief Secretary listened to the request of the teachers and said that they will take up the demand of the teachers. because at present they only get 3.5%.
Shillong, Nailar 13: U Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw Publicity Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Front (HNLC) on Tuesday said that on the occasion of the 31st Anniversary of the HNLC, the HNLC would like to extend its special congratulations to all its leaders, members and The supporters of the party especially the relatives of those members of the party who have passed away.
Four years later, we will be celebrating 75 years of independence.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Peter J Lawai, President of the HYC, said that until now, the people have not been able to own the land, because it is not enough to have the pata from the Rangbah Shnongs of the District Council. without registering the land within the office of the Deputy Commissioners.
On the other hand, the DC said that the residents should inform the District Administration if they find those who sell too much to arrest them and punish them according to the law.
““He (Bah Prestone) has informed us that in the coming days, the Government will convene a meeting with various groups, political parties, village headmen to discuss the issue. The letter received from the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) and to find ways and means how the Government will respond to the letter or what the State Government has to do to ensure that the Meghalaya Residents Safety and The Security Amendment Bill 2020 can be implemented and approved by the Governor,” said Bah Synrem.
On the other hand, the parents have expressed their regret that the government has not been able to appoint mathematics teachers even though the mid-year examination is ahead. you still need training.
The sugarcane bags were seized from Maheshkhola village in South West Khasi Hills District.
This march was part of the protest against the rape and murder of a 5-year-old girl on the 17th of July at Priang Village, West Jantia Hills District.
'His greatest quality is humility.
Speaking at the 64th meeting of the Central Advisory Board of Education (CABE), he said that it is necessary to promote sports activities without delay.
One of the members of the Forum , in a meeting with the Chief Superintendent of Police of Assam , said that they will suspend the case and hand it over to the higher authorities to discuss the issue. before.
C, Shape.
As it was said in the House, it was discussed and explained and after the explanation they understood and hoped that in the same way the remaining areas could be arranged.
The Central Government of India and the 25 Khasi States have also signed the Federation of Khasi States and these documents have been submitted to Parliament through the White Paper on Indian States by Deputy Prime Minister Sardar. Vallabhai Patel in 1949-1950, who brought before the Parliament the IOA & AA treaty agreements of all the Princely States.
If the Government of Meghalaya does not listen to the demands of the residents of Umkiang area, to improve the NH 6 in the coming days, we will not be able to take to the streets. In a statement sent by Lasting Pala, Rangbah Shnong and Nicholas Lyngdoh, Secretary, Umkiang Village.
In a statement sent by the KSU, the KSU said, “Ko Bah Shylla, don't lie and don't thank” for what you have already signed with UCIL and to mislead the people who are against the reconciliation.
The St.Cecilia choir took part in the Eucharistic procession during the Holy Mass because the choir has been able to sing revived after many years. .
There are nine jobs available under this training centre.
When the CrPF arrived, the robbers fled to the forest.
On this day, many of those who expressed their concerns said that some of them wanted to study but due to the difficulties they faced they could not do so.
The Cabinet today approved the amendment to the Meghalaya Education Research and Training Service Rule 2012 to amend the recognition of teachers in government schools.
Another issue they discussed was that the deficit teachers do not receive their pension when they retire from their jobs and the government should create ways to help them because the teachers when they retire they get T. 3.5 lakh while government employees get up to T.10 lakh.
One thousand male and female NCC cadets (Army, Navy and Air Force) from various schools across the country will participate in this programme.
Consumers are interested in buying and drinking this juice and this has led the company to decide that all the juice they produce will be juice made from soybeans and no longer juice made from soybeans. the color.
To prevent misuse, cVIGIL has a number of safeguards such as location information, time limits for filing complaints, and mechanisms to identify repeated complaints and fraudulent complaints.
They were taken by their relatives in the accompaniment of the Seng leaders who went to the hospital in Guwahati because they were addicted to drugs.
To see the population of the villages and to see what group they belong to according to the census, to take the facilities built by the two governments in the villages, to visit the villages to meet with the villagers including the community leaders, to keep records from the village to the places where there are government assistance centres, this committee can add more members.
Dr. Kynpham congratulated the invitees who took part in this special program and said that the book he has written on “The Distaste of the Earth” will allow the readers to they will focus on the relationship with nature, responsibility to each other and self-evident aspirations.
On the other hand, the Chief Managing Director of MeCL, Arun Kumar Khembhavie, has called on the leaders of the employees to discuss their demand which has led to the fire which they started today. .
“We will meet with the chiefs and other community leaders soon to explain to them on the issues of social peace,” said ANVC-B Chairman Rimpu Marak in a statement. published here.
The Chief Minister said that the 42,000 Tika doses are for those between the ages of 18 and 44 years and as of now the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has been directed to distribute them. estimate how many people there will be in that age group.
Shillong, Lber 13: Six new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills and four in Ri Bhoi District today. .
At the same time, Allfond requested all the members to prepare their questions to the government regarding agriculture and to send them to him within the 12 noon on the 29th of this month to submit to the Government for preparation of replies.
Regarding the Service Rule of Teachers, the Government will ensure that this too should be implemented as soon as possible.
New Delhi, July 23: Union Defense and Cooperation Minister Amit Shah chaired a meeting to review flood preparedness in New Delhi today.
The Thohshun and Thwet Art Camps have been invited to create a stage for the exhibition of artworks from the area.
Shillong, July 20: The Area Commander of the ASAK in Garo Hills, Netri N Sangma, today surrendered before the Inspector General of Western Region, Bah SS Kynjing.
He said the introduction of the Digital Personal Data Protection Act has protected the personal data of people and the whole world is watching this Act.
The claim that the ILP is a barrier to economic development is wrong. The stronger the ILP, the stronger the development works. country is not like a foreigner.
The four lane road will be operational soon after the completion of the Umsning Bye-Pass.
This was announced by the Prime Minister in the House today.
However, breast milk is the best food to keep the baby healthy.
Speaking before unveiling the statues, Governor Tathagata Roy said that many people in other parts of India don't know anything about them. freedom fighters of this state.
July.2016 to protest against and not to allow UCIL to mine uranium in South West Khasi Hills District.
Initially, they launched a plane called AKASHGANGA and when it arrived, the soldiers on board the plane came down from the plane with parachutes.
Sesame Workshop India is one of the world's leading organizations that has introduced new techniques related to the education of children to be in line with the education as well as in terms of understanding of what is being taught, and what is also very evident in the area that has been able to appear in terms of the training given to children's caregivers as well as children in India and all over the world.
This book was sold to the public and this has mislead about the situation of the Khasi as a whole.
In June 2022, there were 1.06 crore GST return submissions in GSTR-3B and out of these 97 lakh related to October 2022 compared to 92 lakh GST return submissions in June
At Syntu Ksiar, various competitions were held to mark the occasion. Sutnga MLA Santa Mary Shylla came to distribute the prizes as the winner.
New Delhi, Jymmang 17: The Union Cabinet led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi today approved the implementation of the Pan-India Strategy for Two-Mothers in all countries. districts within India and this will come into force from
The camp was opened by A.Pfozi, SSO, NSSO (FOD), RO, Shillong.
“If you have seen the news release...the goal of the HNLC is to drop all the cases against the leaders and members of the party.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The District Election Officer of East Khasi Hills District today announced that there are three chairpersons of the expenditure of the MLA candidates for the 2018 MLA election. to the Legislative Assembly on the 27th of this month.
According to the complaint, the HYC said that 28 people were injured in the incident and they have also given the names of the injured to the Assam police.
This will be an opportunity to bring about better relationships between the outcomes of the G20 Summit held under the Presidency of India.
On this occasion, prizes were also awarded to the winners of the drawing competition.
Shillong, Lber 06: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the meeting has decided that the new coalition government will not be known as the MDA-II government. Speaking to reporters, he said that the decision was taken because the parties in the government are the same and the group has a chairman and the prime minister will be the chairman.
The surprising thing is how the police on duty at the scene released these people and how the person who paid the bill and who is the owner of the vehicle dared to violate the rules of law as announced by the government.
New Delhi, Lber 14: The High Level Committee on the Conduct of Simultaneous Elections under the chairmanship of former President Ram Nath Kovind has met with the President of India, Droupadi Murmu and submit your Report.
He said the government has already set up the Shillong Smart City Limited and TV Krishna Morthy has been appointed as the full time Chief Executive Officer to oversee the project in Shillong.
On the same day, the Chief Minister also launched a book on how to develop Meghalaya.
The Blood Donation Cell of the Seng would like to thank all the members of the Seng who have come to take part in this program and believe that through this blood donation they will be a blessing to many souls. valuable ones who can get help.
He said that from time to time, the number of patients from these six villages is very high, every day, but now there are only about 20 patients. and they stood in line for each other.
Shillong, November 04: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today wrote to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Manmohan Singh to request him to help Meghalaya to develop. Like other states in India, the Prime Minister has requested to accept this request.
This was a meeting of the old students of this school to discuss how to improve the roads in relation to this school as the existing building is old and they need to get a school. a better house.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Minister in charge of Urban Affairs, Bah Hamletson Dohling today said that the works for the Shillong Smart City have been allocated at T.149 crore for three projects. they work.
“Such incidents affect the victim, both as a woman and as a religious person.
Regarding the Centers for those who have to write CUET, the Seng has demanded to ensure that Khasi students should be able to write in Shillong. you have to write outside the state.
Shillong, November 18: The Federation of Khasi States has sent a petition to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma to urge the MDA Government to take action to discuss the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement.
This has not only created problems for the people but also for the BSF troops on the border to guard the border between India and Bangladesh in parts of Meghalaya because there is no bridge to driving especially in winter.
Shillong, Nailur 16: There are 229 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 132 cases in West Jaintia Hills and 53 cases in West Jaintia Hills. to date, there are
The Government will still make rules for the Commission.
In the last session of the KHADC, three women, Grace Kharpuri from Nongskhen, Telinia Thangkhiew from Mylliem and Rona Khyndeit from Nongpoh lost. this is the MDC election.
The 26 BSF personnel who tested positive for COVID-19 today are under quarantine.
After that, within 10 or 15 days we will show action against those who earn money illegally," he added.
Speaking on the occasion, Davis NR Marak, the new SP of East Khasi Hills District, said that in the last 20 years, he has been in the police force for 15 years. He has been in East Khasi Hills District for 10 years. He thanked all those who have worked with him during his tenure as SP. At the same time, he thanked all the political parties and colleges. , various religious organizations and villages who have cooperated in all these events said that this cooperation will continue as it has in the past events.
This was stated by Bah MA Neng in a statement sent today.
In her short speech, Ms. Elgiva Rynjah expressed her gratitude to the organization for organizing this “Christmas Carol” with the aim of helping the children in Mawsmai.
These informations are according to a statement by Bah Sunshine Warjri, Secretary, Seng Kur Warjri.
The demands of the union are, To issue an order not to illegally cut kilos of agricultural products sold in the market and to direct the Syiem of Mylliem Hima to implement the order. has been issued prohibiting traders who continue to cut kilos illegally today.
Once I thought, I was satisfied and felt that I was completely satisfied.
The teachers' strike is to demand that the government should provincialize all the schools which have not been taken over by the government.
He also blessed that the food they receive will be a blessing to all their families.
Other laws that the Central Government has to repeal are the Assam Disturbed Areas Act, 1955, the Assam Maintenance of Public Order Act, 1953, the National Security Act, 1980, the Purity State Act, .
He said that shopkeepers should obtain a Trading License when selling to foreigners.
The IG of BSF Shillong Frontier and other army chiefs explained the current situation of the border meeting with Bangladesh in Meghalaya.
: The mutka is a ksai that spreads from one side to another; it has two meanings, one is clean and the other is thiar kynshew; it is the power of memory that is placed in the brain.
The silver medal winners were Ram Lanong, John Basaiawmoit, Freddy B. Syiem, Jeremy Kurkalang, Glikerius Buhphang, Isadora A. Lyngdoh, Elisheba Khongwar, Lawandashisha Muttyent and Ankita Koch. to 27 people.
Copies of the letter were also sent to all cabinet ministers and political parties.
The Seng is ready to work with the District Administration and the Government to build and make Shillong a peaceful and respectful city.
Samuel Lalmuanpuia scored the first goal for Lajong FC in the first half and Redeem Tlang scored the second goal in the second half. Although Rangdajied were beaten, they fought hard to turn the tide and in this spectacular match Khwetelhi Thopi scored a goal for Lajong FC. team Rangdajied.
The victim was taken to Civil Hospital Williamnagar for treatment.
Identification of beneficiaries of various government programmes, availability of village land for the construction of projects, management of community resources etc. for the development of par of the national parks in the state.
Gabriel Wahlang MDC Nongstoin from the Congress party has passed all these bills without any discussion in the House. Regulation Bill, 2020, but has omitted the introduction of the amendment.
The KSU leader said that this will be a message to the new government to hear about this and if it does not do anything, the KSU will not be able to do anything. bad you pud you sam.
In the first match, Meghalaya triumphed over Uttar Pradesh with a convincing 4-1 victory.
The illegal activities should be stopped immediately and an investigation should be conducted to prevent these incidents which will one day lead to tragic incidents.
The State Police have seized a register containing the names and details of the members who have joined the National Liberation Council of Rural (NLCN), a newly formed armed group.
He spoke about the foundation stone laying ceremony of the Sela Tunnel and the Doni Polo Airport in 2019 which have already been laid to the public.
There will also be a discussion and speech on the second day at 6 pm and this speech will be on seven topics, and that is related to the upcoming elections in the state.
Shillong, Nailar 23: Dr. Vincent T. Darlong today was appointed as the new Vice Chancellor of Martin Luther Christian University.
The regiment has trained 15 students of the school to participate in the Silent Olympiad in Mumbai and the National Games in Aurangabad.
The union urged the government to publish the names so that there will be transparency especially on the money used by the government to avoid corruption.
The number of patients at NEIAH is increasing over time as people are receiving health care at this hospital.
The Seng through this statement from the President has demanded that the Government should provide all the necessary facilities before the floods hit the area, as those who have contracted the disease are not only those who remain. The disease has spread to the urban areas but also to the rural areas.
In the Under 15 Girls (Single), Netania T Tariang won the title while in the Under 15 Boys (single) category, Gavin Kharbuki won the title.
La Syrdeng from Mawryngkneng Parish performed at the Zone Youth Tournament.
Raphael Warjri has described the hero Birsa Munda as a man who lived in peace, but who had a spirit of concern for his nation in conflict with the character of the heroes of the country, who wanted to They threw away the pictures that didn't come.
Regarding the allocation of tickets, Pala said the party cannot promise anyone to give tickets but it is up to the higher authorities of the AICC party. send your names to the AICC, but the important thing is to ensure that the candidate wins.
On this occasion, a march was held from Madan Iewrynhep to Madan Malki with the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'im P Syiemlieh as the chief guest.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Bah Elvis Kyrsian, Vice President of the party, said that the Minister promised to assist the family members of Kharshanbor Muktieh. duh ei is your life.
At the same time, it is recommended that the drivers of vehicles should not check whether they have registered, should not wear arsyrtap helmets or should not wear helmets of N. the same will apply to those traveling in private vehicles.
On the other hand, the East Khasi Hills Police Chief said that in talks with doctors, if drug abuse in Shillong continues like this, 50% of the youth in the next three years will die. I don't want to become a Sombi.
The members of the committee also held a meeting among themselves and came to a decision on how to proceed with this review. the job allocation policy.
In the Khasi Hills, other parts of India have been demanding that the government should provide a railway line but in the Khasi Hills, the people are opposed.
The introduction of the Dullabcherra-Guwahati train No.15617/15618 which will run three times a day (ex-Guwahati – Mon, Wed, Sat & ex-Dullabcherra-Tuesday, Thursday & Sunday) will provide traffic between the regions. Dullabcherra which is difficult to reach and Guwahati to help students, traders of Dullabcherra.
He has been elected as an MDC for seven consecutive terms and has now been appointed as an MDC and as an MDC he has held all the posts within the KHADC, such as CEM, Lamphang and Leader of the Opposition.
He said that they are not happy with this meeting with the Minister and they have urged the government to implement their demands in the next few days. don't put it on.
Former CEM Titosstarwell Chyne said this on the motion tabled by Shella MDC Teinwell Dkhar in the House today.
In his speech, Bah Parait urged the residents to love each other and to promote sports activities, peace is needed.
Shillong, November 20: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma in the presence of MLA Gigur Myrthong today inaugurated the Shallang C&RD Block at a public meeting at Shallang village in West Khasi Hills. District.
These goods were also handed over to the Custom Department for further processing.
To honor the father of the nation, on this day many of the villages have been celebrating this day by cleaning up the villages and today it was seen that some groups have exceeded the to celebrate this day and at the same time to teach the importance of cleanliness.
“In the 76 years of independence and the 50th anniversary of independence, the previous governments have refused to recognize Meghalaya to get the benefits in terms of roads and paths.
The Prime Minister of India said that from reading the stories that Bah Brian started his study of entering the crematoria in 1964, it was in and his friends formed a group and started entering the crematoria which no one has ever entered in Meghalaya.
After this, there was a march to introduce themselves by the youths from all districts of the state who came to take part in this tournament. Wangala dance, Mastieh dance, plate dance.
They were identified as Somison Sangma, 25, General D. Sangma, 23, and Gopal Barman,
At the same time, Bah AL Hek acknowledged that he supports the demand and has approved it in the Special Session of 60 MLAs on 19th November,
He informed that those who violate this may be punished under the laws passed under the Statistics Act
The filing of nomination papers for the candidates will start on the 23rd of this month and the deadline for filing nomination papers will be on the 30th of this month.
Since 2012, the Congress party in Meghalaya has not held an election to elect the full president of the MPCC.
The GSU has no choice but to lodge a complaint with the Baghmara police station to take action against the branch manager. you are the branch manager.
He said that Nongkrem Constituency is still a poor Constituency in many areas from health, roads, water supply, agriculture, education, employment, electricity. , Market, and especially in the field of Sports, Tourism and others.
it is necessary for the country to move forward towards the goal.
Shillong, March 05: The KSU Nangbah Unit under the leadership of Samla Morningstar Pasi President, Samla Eugene Sius Hinge Secretary and in the presence of other members to bring about cleanliness of the KSU village city.
They urged the KHADC authorities to entrust all these activities of the VDC under the leadership of the Dorbar Shnongs, as in all the Himas there are already Dorbar Shnongs, Executive Dorbar Shnongs and Local Committees (Development). Therefore, the Dorbar strongly requests the KHADC authorities to reject the proposal of the VDC and to enact only the Village Administration Bill in relation to the Amendment to the Sixth Schedule of the Dorbar Chiefs. The governors urged the KHADC authorities to create a mechanism for the formation of an impartial and non-party Regional Council.
The police teams that Meghalaya has received from the Central Government to patrol the Lok Sabha elections are 40 policemen, CRPF 26 policemen, BSF 6 policemen, BSF policemen The SSB has 4 battalions and the RPF has 4 battalions.
On the other hand, the KSU has urged the government to take care of what we have seen so that the cleanliness of this river will fade away because it can affect the expenses of the residents. unless those who are now have the responsibility to take care of it before it is too late.
When contacted by SP News Agency, the police said that the investigation into the incident has been conducted by the East Khasi Hills District Police Station. the truth about the death of this man.
In conclusion, the Co-Chairman said that all the suggestions will be submitted to the State Government for action.
Batesi Tv reporters who witnessed the incident witnessed that three passengers of the Alto 800 were injured and two fled the scene. and the driver of this vehicle who was not injured.
Six months ago, the Customs Department conducted awareness campaigns at Kendriya Vidayalaya GC, Agartala, Government Boys Higher Secondary School, Dhubri and Govt.
Answering other questions, the AICC leader said that the Congress-led government in the past has passed the Right to Information Act, Right to Education and This time too, they hope to pass the Food Security Ordinance which is currently in Parliament.
It was on this day in 1959 that China occupied Tibet.
Speaking on the occasion, the Joint Secretary, AYUSH, Union Government, Roshan Jaggi said that the AYUSH department is ready to strengthen the training centers for nurses in the North East so that the people of AYUSH the area will get good care.
These motorcycles will operate from Shillong to Hynniewmer, Mawiong and Laitkorm at the price of T.29 per km.
The Congress's objectives in the Lok Sabha elections are to bring about equality, to protect the freedom of religion and minorities, to uplift the youth, to empower the people. women, daughters, for farmers and fishing groups as well as for those who work.
Such a meeting is very important, said the Governor.
Shillong, July 18: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah PN Syiem today presented the budget for the year
At the same time, awards and certificates were also distributed to other children of the village who passed First Division in various examinations.
Speaking to reporters, KSU SWKH President Forwardman Nongrem urged the government to take over the Wahkaji Primary Health Center which has been abandoned for 15 years. PHC after failing to mine uranium from the area.
Principal Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, Sampath Kumar, Director of NEIAH Dr Neeta Mahesekar, students, teachers and other dignitaries participated in the program held at the convocation hall of NEIAH. North Eastern Hill University (NEHU), Shillong, Meghalaya.
He said the purpose of this Act is to recognize the land tenure system of the people and if the KHADC does not take over this power it will be a big threat.
On this occasion, Bah John F Kharshiing, for example, handed over to the CEM-JHADC a copy of the Act and Rules of the Hima of Nongstoin, Maharam, Mylliem, Bhowal and Syiemship. Even in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council, there are still many Hima and Sirdarships which do not have their own Act and Rule. The Khadar rule has reached the High Court and there have been cases where the Constitution has been sought for clarification in the Supreme Court.
He said that let us work together in the remaining months as it is very important for the party.
A day before the final, I had the opportunity to talk to the coaches of these two clubs, Bah Eskial S Mon, JT Secretary and Jerry A Sutnga Asst Coach. Mawlai SC under the leadership of Bah Hering Shangpliang has been shocked by the news that has shocked the hearts of the fans after the death of Eskial and Jerry. They said that there are three players in the team who are in doubt about being able to be in the First XI due to injury.
The House today passed four bills, namely, the Meghalaya Appropriation (No III) Bill, 2016, the Contingency Fund of Meghalaya (Amendment) Bill, Bill, 2016, The Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Bill, Bill 2016, the  Meghalaya Parliamentary Secretaries(Appointment, Salaries Allowances and Miscellaneous Provision) (Amendment) Bill, 2016 and the Legislative of Meghalaya (Members’ Salaries and Amen16) Bill .
This new job application has made it difficult for them to get jobs after helping many victims of such disasters and through this news it urges the contractors that when they get jobs in any place they should Think and take first those who have worked in the state so that it does not affect them.
The exercise was held in the morning in which many parts of the exercise were completed, which will relieve physical and mental illnesses and suffering.
In the picture you can see Lalnunpuia (white and blue track suit) with Bah Larry P Warjri.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) led by Mawlai MLA Brighstarwell Marbaniang has lodged a complaint with the Inspector General of Police (IGP) regarding the incident.
Chairman of the Umtrew River Protection Committee, Bah F.Nongkseh, said that during the investigation by the district authorities today at the DC's office, it was found that the company has only a trading licence. The trading license has expired without renewal.
He said that this is the reason why the Khasi language is the language in which the elders from the Pnar regions have taken part in the introduction of the Khasi language under the Fifth Schedule of India. .
Young people who have the skills to compete in the Olympics.
The government also gives a public holiday every year on the last day of the festival.
Shillong, July 19: The Cabinet meeting today approved the state anthem of the state which will be released on the occasion of Meghalaya Day. It will be held on the 21st of this month in Tura.
As it is, many children are now involved in such alcoholic beverages and parents are urged to be vigilant of their children.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Minister said that the government wants to promote development works in all aspects and this foundation stone laying ceremony today is to bring the works of the government closer to the people. public.
I started life as a civilian and I couldn’t just get sucked into a party.
After investigation, the Seng has handed over these Mynder to the Umsning Police Outpost for further investigation.
Shillong, March 26: The Church of God Secondary School, Thangsning has opened its Annual School Week with the opening of an Additional Classroom.
“This announcement is to send a statement to the Government of India that we are against the Citizenship (Amendment) Act 2019 and at the same time to remind the people of the injustices committed by the Government of India. against the will of the people of the North East,” he said.
He said that the destruction of the environment cannot be stopped, but through dialogue we cannot take any measures to reduce the losses in the event of natural disasters. India is the most affected country by natural disasters.
Shillong, Nailur 24: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawlai Circle under the leadership of its President Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh on Tuesday evening visited Mawlai Umthlong, Lummawnei to inspect the land grabbing of a family belonging to I'm Going To Watch Mylliemumlong.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Meghalaya Minister Paul Lyngdoh, who is also the Chairman of the Regional Committee of West Khasi Hills District, said that the discussion today has narrowed the discussions. the places where they are married.
KHNAM also said that the Trade Department of KHADC has not taken into consideration the sub-sections (b), (c) and (d) of Section 3A of the Conditions. There is no point in raiding the shops of foreigners and closing them for 10 hours if the KHADC does not take action through the laws. We are afraid that there is a trade behind these foreigners and profiteers.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Diralson Dkhar, President of MCDS, said that the MDCs have received T.3 crore from the scheme allocated by the Government of India which is T.133 crore for the year 2015-1 The amount of money has not been written on the stones. This has confused the people because they don't know how much they get and how much they spend. in the stone which they have cut down, it shall be a pleasure to the people.
The meeting was conducted by Alok Bhattacharya, Commandant-67 BN CRPF, in the presence of Ajay Kumar, 2 I/C-67 BN CRPF, Sanjeev Kumar, Deputy Commandant-67 BN CRPF, BJP Meghalaya Mahila State President Susuki Pariat said it is an honor to be with the army to spread the word. the meeting with a smiling face and those who are fighting for peace and protection of the villagers.
Jowai, Jymmang 05: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) Mukhap Unit, after receiving a complaint from the public regarding the inability of doctors to receive patients at Laskein CHC due to lack of water, The Union has met with the DM& HO Dr.P Tongper on the 4th of this month to request him to take action on this issue of the people of this area.
Referring to the report of the Standing Parliamentary Select Committee which has already submitted its report to the Ministry of Home Affairs, a meeting of all MDCs will be convened to discuss this when the world calms down. a lot.
Shillong, Naitung 05: U Bah Sanbor Shullai-MLA today met with Union Minister of State for Home Affairs Nirmala Sitharaman at her office in Parliament in Delhi. At this meeting, they submitted a petition regarding the problems faced by the people inside the containment in Shillong.
She and the people's opposition is that there is a preparation to divide Laitumkhrah into two MDC constituencies.
“The Prime Minister informed the Secretary, Ministry of Jal Shakti, Debashree Mukherjee about the two main rivers in Shillong, the Umshyrpi and the Umkhrah Rivers. needed to be cleaned.
Shillong, Nailur 20: Answering a question by Dr. Ronnie V Lyngdoh MLA from Mylliem, Dr. Ampareen M Lyngdoh, MLA from Mylliem, said that there is no request from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to send the letter to the government. to set up an AIIMS hospital in Meghalaya.
Foreign parties have been watching us in Meghalaya and trying to create many ways and means to destroy the homes of the national parties.
He also urged the party members to work hard in the remaining days.
The Chief Minister said that once he has received the report from the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi and the PWD Department, he will be able to say nothing on the collapse of the bridge in Ri Bhoi which was built by M/ s Dhar Construction, the cause is still unknown.
It is his attempt to attack the country and the Jaintia people and we will not allow this to continue in the future.
Others who attended the ceremony were Bah LT Tariang BDO of Mawkynrew Block, MHO Dr A Nongbri and Khasi film actor Melvin Mukhim from the area. only.
: A truck (JK05-H-0666) has caught fire on Tuesday while parked near the National Highway Fourlane at Jyntru village, Ri Bhoi District.
During these hours, police have seized T.19.80 lakh cash, 2.5 thousand liters of kyiad and 394 gifts. to guard.
This will help the farmers of Meghalaya and at the same time by setting up a SEZ for the wine industry, the government will be able to help and this cooperation will help increase the income. The book of the state will go further and hopefully will also be known to the world in this wine industry.
There will also be talks with the Olympians and Paralympians and all this will be followed by a concert in the evening.
Before the awarding ceremony.
The VAB should include the establishment of a court in the village, which should also define its powers.
Meanwhile, the UDF has decided to send the names of four candidates first and the remaining candidates will be sent later.
It is to be recalled that the JHTOA has demanded the construction of go-downs or cement storage facilities at Byrnihat and the implementation of the fare as set by the State Government at T.7 per km in the state.
It will take time to make this change but this is a good start.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has said that he will meet the Chief Minister of Assam before the end of June to discuss the settlement of the second phase of the border between the two states. .
Also present were Pyntngen Mashli, President of Shillong Law College and other members.
In front of the Assam government, the officials of the Meghalaya government are lying on their backs like dogs.
The Ministry of Finance of the Union Government has given two opportunities to the States to fill the shortcomings after the implementation of the GST. , 2020 has decided to provide these options and this was announced to the States on 29th July, 2020. 20 States have selected the first option.
The demand of the KSU in this regard to the use of surveillance cameras is to remove the misconceptions of the people regarding the MPSC. The petition was submitted to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma in
In the position of Secretary, the women were appointed.
He said that it is necessary to maintain and cleanse, because it is not only the mountain to perform the last rituals for the members of the organization who have gone before the door of God, but he stood to remind that the it is the duty of everyone to look after and care for this mountain.
However, many questions arise when we discuss these matters that we may not be able to answer.
“The land is in the middle of the boundary dispute which will be decided by the Regional Committee, but it has not been decided yet.
The Rangbah Shnong has also informed that foreign vehicles have been banned from entering and leaving the village during these days as the Dorbar Shnong has closed the Nongjri Market for seven days. open on Saturday.
Data Tariff (per GB) For the North East, Border Areas, LWE Affected Areas, Aspirational Districts and other difficult to reach areas, more work has been done to provide telecom services together building infrastructure in our islands.
George B Lyngdoh MLA, after hearing the reply of the Chief Minister, said that the government will take action if there is a need to set up a committee. and Garo, and after speaking for clarification, the issue was dropped.
There are 11 recoveries today, including 12 cases in East Khasi Hills, 1 case from the Army, 4 cases from the BSF and 1 case from civilians and 1 case from West Khasi Hills.
Many things he has done for us and I think many projects have been brought to Meghalaya through his hard work,” he said.
Rangbah Pranshon Jala, President of the Sengbah, said that last year, the Sengbah was faced with a pandemic, in which the Sengbah was filled with sadness and anxiety, until the duh thiah duh dem.
Police are conducting an investigation to find out the cause of the overturning of the bus which caused the injuries to the students, said police from Ri Bhoi District.
Baiarbor Nongbri, president of the union, said that the students who have passed since 2008 have not been appointed by the government.
The project is the first in India to have a pumped storage capacity of 900 megawatts.
On this occasion, the party held a march around Shillong carrying flags to express its regret that the state has not yet received full protection and the party demands the implementation of its promises. Under the leadership of Bah Louis Dohtdong President of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HYM), they held a march around Shillong carrying flags to protest against the government's failure to The demand for ILP in Meghalaya has been implemented.
In his speech, the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills, Pravin said that he is ready to give his cooperation in this regard as it is important to bring about economic development in the state. the people of the village.
The American Heart Association (AHA) has provided training according to the guidelines issued in
The DYP 2019 elected to represent the District at the State Level are Yarisa Wahlang Kharbuli, Erenbeni Humtsoe. Samprit Shah who attended the DYP
Shillong, Jymmang 03: Thousands of people from all over the Bri-U Hynniewtrep today attended the annual climb of Lum Sohpetbneng organized by the Khasi Seng. month of June.
Garo is also spoken whether in Tura or Williamnagar or any part of Garo Hills.
Shillong, March 15: The Coordination Committee on International Border (CCIB) today met with the CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah HS Shylla to discuss the issue of illegal immigration on the border with Bangladesh. from Nongjri to the king.
The program was sponsored by the office of the District Planning Officer, Jowai.
Prestone said Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Union Defense Minister Amit Shah will attend the swearing-in ceremony.
He said that the children should focus more on their special talents in the field of sports as the government in these days has struggled to provide educational opportunities to the children.
Rajyavardhan Rathore and the closing ceremony will witness the handover of the baton to bring back the AMS to the Philippines.
On 04May 2013, the union conducted a surprise inspection at the CHC which is increasingly illegal in these border areas. Ichanmati village to find out the facts, on that day the leaders of the party found that there is indeed the issuance of Birth Certificates to people who cannot afford to issue Birth Certificates. Whether they were born in this area and in India, the birth certificates were issued without any accurate and transparent proof from the Village Authorities.
This assistance is from NEHI employees who are not teachers and this is especially for those families affected by the COVID-19 pandemic.
The Petroleum & Natural Gas Regulatory Board (PNGRB) has also authorized the IGGL on 14.09.2018 to start the North-East Gas Pipeline Grid.
He said that he had spoken by telephone with the employees of the state bank in Pomshutia and they too said that there is a real delay in the working methods because the machines are not working properly. They have to inform the authorities.
For Class XII HSSLC, 92 candidates failed to take one, two, three or four examinations, and 15 candidates failed to take the examination. he examined.
Shillong, March 3: Although the government has not yet taken any decision on how to deal with the land at Barik where the PWD offices are located, the UDP party leaders, which is one of the participants in the PWD office, The MDA government led by General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh has visited the site.
It will take generations after generations for it to start growing again but in different forms.
The Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, in the presence of the Minister of Law, Dr.M Ampareen Lyngdoh on Friday launched the “Rules” of the POCSO Act, translated into Khasi at a meeting held at Pinewood Hotel, Shillong.
From his body, police recovered T.40,000 counterfeit currency and T.2060 Bangla Taka.
“The reports of the Regional Committees and the State Government should be discussed in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly.
Before the meeting, a tree planting ceremony was held with the participation of members of the Pynursla Youth Association together with the National Youth Corp (NYC) in charge of the Block.
The mission of the BSF is to teach and promote how to live a healthy lifestyle and to bring about unity and order is part of the life of the BSF.Shillong, Nailar : The Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh together with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, today inaugurated the Travellers Nest at Kyem Village. Mawphlang, East Khasi Hills.
These important activities of the Y20 Summit point to the urgency of the world to understand the realities of the changing times in our struggle for survival, he said.
Shillong, Lber 29: The Sub Divisional Magistrate, Sohra Civil Sub Division, Sohra has enforced Section 144 CrPC against vehicles passing on the Wahjapuh Bridge near Ichamati to Bholaganj. more than seven tones.
On this occasion, prizes were also awarded to the winners of various sports and prizes were also distributed to the villages and teams who won the competitions held in these areas. days that have passed.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The Returning Officer of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah PS Dkhar, on Tuesday said that the election of the candidate from the 18-Jowai Central constituency has been decided by the basis of money. 2316 votes were cast.
Those who find them should inform the office of the Deputy Commissioner without delay.
Sam said that after the release of the NRC in Assam, the Circle will intensify the search not only for Work Permit but also for other documents so that those who have been rejected in the NRC NRC will not be allowed to enter the boundary of Mawprem Pyllun.
Goyal also dedicated the opening ceremony of the Meghalayan Age shop in memory of CDS General Bipin Rawat, saying that he is a true KarmaYogi who worked hard to make India great. .
Chairman of Awaken India Movement, Meghalaya.
Shillong, Nailur 26: U Bah Tisharding Kharkongor, Rangbah Shnong of Mawkasiang, today inaugurated the office of the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) inside the village.
The Crystal Gayle Kharnaior Memorial Award 2023 was awarded to Bah Ian Lyngdoh Nongkynrih.
Shillong, July 13: The National People's Party (NPP) President Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the government should invite all the rebel groups who want to come to the peace talks table, including the HNLC, the The NPP wants to have peace talks with the rebel groups.
Jowai, Nailur 26: The inspection of the ksainar shiah fence on the border with Bangladesh in parts of West Jaintia Hills has continued smoothly till today and if the weather does not interfere it could be completed within two days.
The Minister referred to the completion of the KarmayogiPramambh module launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, saying that the module includes codes of conduct for Government employees, procedures to be followed. in working with the HR policies of the Government that will help them to understand and enter into the jobs they have acquired.
Q: BSF troops on Saturday patrolled Shillong ahead of the Lok Sabha elections in Meghalaya on the 19th of this month.
Throughout the month, ICAR, Umiam has organized many games, such as a competition among colleagues within the office, an essay writing competition on the theme of unity amidst ethnic differences and a discussion. whether the international community maintains peace and stability in India.
In 2015, the PHC was still under the management of UCIL and it was only after the residents of the area appealed to the Director of Health and Health Ministers that the Health Department took over the PHC. PHC from UCIL and will be opened last month.
In terms of the country's traditional beliefs – the Government has also recognized the need to ‘bring about social change.
She said that the period of operation of World Vision in this area will end in
The police have issued an arrest warrant against Bernard N Marak, owner of Edenbari Resort near Tura, for failing to surrender to the police. they have cleaned the place.
On the other hand, the President also criticized the corruption and said that during the elections don't promise anything that cannot be delivered to the people and this will be a big threat to the people who those who are in power shall be turned into soh pdung.
Speaking on the PM Vishwakarma Yojanabad, Vermau said that this new scheme shows that the Central Government stands firm for the unlocking of the talents of all people on the journey to a prosperous India. .
Police raided the homes of the members of the party at midnight in several vehicles and dressed as civilians.
On receiving this information, the police rushed to the scene to search for the perpetrators.
PIL No.18 of 2019 is decided by the High Court.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that one person has tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District. This is the case in East Khasi Hills District.
Other parts of the activities completed by the Assembly Secretariat include the launch of the National Anthem titled Meghalayan Rendition which was played with traditional instruments of the State. The audio and video is now available on the Youtube channel of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly Channel and the Emblem and Lama have also been released.
Shabong said that no one should be allowed to remain Khasi because if one is allowed, it will not be possible to control others who want to become Khasi.
During the meeting with the CEM of KHADC on these two issues, the CEM of KHADC promised to the members of the party that he will take action on this issue. and to work with the authorities to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners.
The total amount of rice distributed to these households is 11 quintals.
He said that according to the government notification in 2009, it is clear that any Govt LP School cannot be approved by the SMC or the village but only the Headmaster of the school can approve.
At this meeting, the Seng of Land Dealers submitted a petition and reminded of the many petitions and writings that the Seng has submitted to the State Government and its departments on the demands of the Seng since in the year
Students are advised to avoid jamming waterfalls and streams during the rainy season.
She said that the daily work of the ASHAs is monitored by a computer from the NHM department and if there are ASHAs who are not working, it will appear on the computers and this may prevent them from working. get your wages.
She urged the people to start recognizing the importance and importance of women and also to give them support.
Speaking at the meeting, Kong I.Laloo, IAS, DC Mawkyrwat said that this program was organized to provide information to the youth regarding alcohol abuse. drugs and their impact on health, society and at the same time this program will serve as a reminder especially for the youth regarding these drug addictions, the sale of children women, child poverty, child marriage, and violence against women and children are some of the evils that need to be known and controlled in order to reduce them.
Jowai, Lber 05: The nomination paper for the post of Chairman of the Jaintia Hills District Council ( Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council ) has been rejected.
Shillong Lajong scored the first goal of the match.
It will provide infrastructure to promote tourism and showcase local identity.
Shillong, Nailar 14: To commemorate the 10th anniversary of the death of Crystal Gayle Kharnaior, the Riti Academy will award a special award to the talented duhalia in the field of traditional music. The Riti Academy has established an award to recognize and announce the first anniversary of the death of 10 years ago in a tragic incident on 12th November, 2017 on the highway near the Governor's Road. who are excellent in writing, in music, in music, and in singing, dancing, and dancing.
Participants will represent groups such as the Ministries of Information and Broadcasting in Asia, international groups UNESCO, FAO, UN; the Regulator; public and private Radio and Television companies, Television channels and networks, Institutes/Academies of Communication, Media Research; Community Radio groups; media outlets and producers of related equipment in the TV or Radio programming industries.
During the meeting, the CCIB urged the CEM of KHADC not to issue the NOC to cut the ksainar shiah until the border with Bangladesh in the area has been resolved.
To prevent this from being exploited by criminals, the residents of the village have been directed to lodge a complaint with cybercrime and the residents have been directed to lodge a complaint with the Information Department of the Department of Cybercrime. to  Telecommunications' Communication Partner platform.
When the government takes any decision, it has consulted with all the government departments and the response of the health department is like a response to the government as a whole for any action. They have not taken the raid from the government.
In the past four years, the President said he has seen many changes and the failure to pass the Gross State Tax (GST) despite many challenges has shown that there is no democracy in the country. The country is the oldest.
These political parties and supporters have said that the MoU is too good and too good and that only their party is willing to resolve the border with Assam.
According to the videos, the arrest of the Police on 4th November 2023 does not mean that they are law enforcement officers and it is appropriate to say that these Police should be charged under the IPC. 171 because they are wearing Police Uniform but they are acting illegally to intimidate and intimidate the people.
The DYC urges the DC of North Garo Hills to order the start of this work for the benefit of the people.
Two people are still missing, 7 injured and 27 animals have died. 138 houses have been destroyed, 182 houses have been damaged, 31 houses have been destroyed. is still under investigation and 30 structures have been damaged.
Even if you have to go to work outside Meghalaya, the travel expenses will be paid by the authorities conducting any training until you reach the place where you can work.
Jowai, Naitung 04: U Bah Justine Dkhar, MLA Khliehriat, today inaugurated the new building of Tia Chaphrang Secondary School, Sohkymphor.
When they arrived in parts of Meghalaya, they expressed their satisfaction and praise that the forests are still green and urged the residents to continue to protect the environment. the trees and shrubs still have the opportunity to breathe the fresh air.
On this occasion, the people who came to see these were the residents, school children and also the youths who are within the NCC. you are a soldier.
He said he is concerned that the legislatures which should work every day to ensure the rights of the people have been turned into weapons.
In fact, banks should not do so at this time of crisis.
During this month, domestic payroll collections (including the purchase of foreign services) were 18% higher than the same month last year.
The Prime Minister also expressed regret when he said that after the country gained independence, there was no assessment of the facilities related to health care delivery for years.
Shillong, July 06 : The film Rapture, directed by renowned filmmaker Dominic Megam Sangma, has been selected for the second screening at the Locarno Film Festival, Switzerland. at the Film Festival of the Present Section, which will run from 2nd to 12th July.
Shillong, November 16: Bangladesh celebrates Vijay Diwas to commemorate its independence in
Referring to Richard Singh from Jaintia Hills, Pala said he had been invited to join the Congress but many times he had refused and now he has returned to the party and this will strengthen the Congress.
He was shifted to Riangdo CHC with the help of 108 ambulance, but succumbed to his injuries.
She said it would be difficult to talk about development in the country if 50% of women are still left behind.
On the other hand, Bah Plie Tyrsoh and Bah Bipul Thangkhiew President of the RBYF expressed their desire for peace and order to be restored so that the celebration of the Silver Jubilee of the District can go smoothly.
