She said that their demand is unfounded because for two years due to the COVID-19 pandemic there has been no invitation for appointment in various government departments. also demanded that it should be extended within the police department.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: After the announcement of the results of the Secondary School Leaving Certificate (SSLC) in the science stream, many of those who passed well in the science stream have applied for the SSLC. The SP News Agency has said that all applicants must take the entrance test examination, if they fail in this examination even if they get They will not be able to study doctors with high marks and this shows that the reservation policy of the state will not work.
The protest was organized by the Assam Agents Association (AAA), which has about 20 lakh agents in Assam.
On the other hand, the party said that if this bill is passed by India in Parliament, it will be a great loss to Meghalaya and India as a whole. that the people of Meghalaya should not be placed in any place.
All Members and Members of the party from different Circles and Units can take part in the election of the leaders for the years 2014-15 and
This is inappropriate and such a policy should be abolished.
All government offices in East Khasi Hills District will be closed on this day, said the Joint Secretary, General Administration (A) Department.
In a statement, the District authorities said that they have received a complaint that some people have been quarrying stones from the rivers and this has caused the pollution of the rivers. threatening human lives and also affecting the environment.
Shillong, Iaiong 04: The Director of Health Services (DHS) today said that 16 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in the state.
Shillong, November 04: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today inaugurated the two-day Farmers' Dorbar, where he said that the purpose of the Farmers' Dorbar is to understand the the plight of the farmers in the state.
When asked whether this is not the government's misleading of the MDCs on the issue of armaloi, Sam Bor said, “They have resigned because they respect the law and now it is up to the government to take action. you decided he said.
“We appreciate the hard work of the Jowai Police Station until they have arrested Ioannis Pala, the head of the Pala Group,” said Bah MH Dkhar.
The value of the beef is T.90,000/- and 6025 Bangladeshi Taka have been seized from the Bangladeshis.
Justice Hrishikesh Roy Judge, Supreme Court of India, Justice Vijay Bishnoi Chief Justice Gauhati High Court and Justice Biswanath Somadder Chief Justice High Court of Sikkim will be the symbud guests.
He concluded, “I am confident that this meeting will be memorable for India and that the future will show that this is a special time in the history of the world.
It may be recalled that the Governor of Meghalaya has sworn in Bah Brolding Nongsiej on the 18th of this month to take over the vacant post after Bah Metbah Lyngdoh resigned to contest the Speaker election. the state legislature.
In the past 40 years, the number of cases in India has decreased significantly but there is still a need for this bill because it does not protect those who have this disease and according to the number of cases of this disease in India. The government wants to eradicate the disease in the country by setting a target that by 2030, India should be free from the disease.
On the other hand, the FKJGP has urged the authorities to take action to curb the border crossing by foreigners in the area and demanded that the shopkeepers in the area should also appoint the owners. state.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The people of the two District Councils, JHADC and KHADC, will elect their 58 MDCs to the two Houses on the 27th of this month. The DCA has not yet received an estimate of how many candidates have contested the MDC elections.
During the meeting, Bah AL Hek spoke to the Union Ministers to seek the support of the Union Government in the development of Meghalaya in many areas.
On this occasion, 560 chickens were distributed to seven working groups.
Replying to Prestone Tynsong's statement, 'Who is that Disparsing, why didn't he come to meet me on the expenditure of T.43 crore and why didn't he ask the state government?' Prestone, I am an activist and I speak the truth and research.
At the same time, the Chief Minister also expressed the challenges that will arise especially in terms of climate change. how to protect.
He was brought by the marshal of the House to the bar which was set up inside the House.
This was announced by the General Secretary of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
Under his leadership, the first Kiew Pyneh Rngiew was held on the top of Lum Sohpetbneng on the 20th of June
This PHC is located in C&RD Block Pynursla. The PHC is not available for many months due to the lack of doctors. PHC for lack of doctor.
“We want the HSPDP to be in the government,” said Dr Mukul. Speaking to HSPDP President Hoping Stone Lyngdoh, he admitted that he had spoken to the Chief Minister after the swearing-in ceremony.
Shillong, Lber 18: The Minister in charge of Social Welfare, Deborah CH Marak today called on the members of the Women Commission to discuss the issue of rape of children under the age of 18 years. the state.
You and the Dorbars at all levels are urged to take action to attend and invite the youth, women and elders of your Kur, Shnong, Raid and Hima to this special meeting of the Khasi people. Published by the Khasi Authors' Society.
Shillong, Lber 26: The Meghalaya People's Human Rights Council (MPHRC) has demanded that the government should send an inquiry into the death of a child at Lawmali Hospital and the report should be submitted in due course.
Speaking to reporters, the leader of the German delegation said that they want to work with Meghalaya in this regard and will start with other states in the North East. in India.
The Meghalaya Joint Action Committee (MJAC) on Thursday lodged a complaint with the Chief Secretary Donald P. Wahlang and urged him to take action. to fight against the allegation that the Police are involved in extorting money from trucks carrying stone, mawria, dewbilat, dpei coal and from trucks carrying food items.
The arrested include the Chairman, the Commander in Chief, the General Secretary and the Area Commanders of West Khasi Hills, Jaintia Hills, the recruiters, the information officer of the group and others. three other members of this group.
This has opened up many job opportunities in the Khadi and village industry, especially for the benefit of women.
It was also clarified that the reimbursement by the Central Government will be according to the demand for sugar, based on the release of the existing sugar.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: St Margaret's Higher Secondary School (STS) has been ranked second and fourth in the Matric Examination, 2023 conducted by the Meghalaya Board of School Education.
They said that although the opening is according to the signs placed in the shops of A, B and C and according to this sign they have the right to open twice a day this is a blessing because they have she has been living at home for three months.
The union strongly condemns that such brutality of the police will not bring any good but will be like burning Mluh on the mark of injury which will turn into aiding to the youth.
Shillong, Naitung 14: Due to the natural disasters in Uttarakhand in the past few months, the Post Office in Meghalaya has decided to suspend all air bap hah. to the state for assistance.
The Cabinet of Ministers of the State Government has recently approved the appointment on Contractual Basis of 13 persons as Child Development Project Officers (CDPOs).
Bah E Kharmumnuid to be the District & Sessions Judge, Tura and other dignitaries.
The Government will also look into how to raise revenue from liquor producers, such as VAT on liquor, restaurants or bars to increase the tax on vehicles and alcoholic beverages. it's all different.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: Heavy rainfall in West Jaintia Hills District today flooded streams and 10 farmers in Sahbesain were unable to leave their homes due to flooding. their rep residence.
Also present at the meeting were the OC of Mawlai Police Station, Bah O Syiemlieh, the son and daughter-in-law of Bah Dismarlin. you are in Mawlai Mawroh.
This is a traditional custom that has existed for hundreds of years which expresses the love between men and women.
U Bah Jambor expressed his gratitude to the Hima for their cooperation in which all the Hima which have a border dispute with Assam have come to submit their documents to the KHADC to verify the land. that on the border.
The Parliamentary Standing Committee (PSC) has sent the Bill to the Parliamentary Standing Committee (PSC) which is currently sitting and considering the matter, said the Minister of State for Child Development in Parliament today. .
The Custom Office has congratulated the Police of Biswanath Police Station and the Forest Department for seizing the bones.
According to police, the two youths from West Jaintia Hills were involved in the incident at 3.30 pm while they were walking on the Shillong By-pass. near Tyndai Resort.
Therefore, we decided to fight alone.
Khonglah alleged that this is a violation of the rights of the tenant and he will not hesitate to inform the court about this, and hopes that it will give a fair decision.
In his speech, Bah Deimaia Sangshai, President-elect, congratulated all those who came to take part and said that he looks forward to working together for all the activities of the SPC. The General Secretary and Treasurer of the SPC gave speeches.
Before the wreath laying ceremony, a prayer was held by the village of Wahthapbroo.
This preparation is after taking a detailed census from the districts regarding development works as NABARD has a close cooperation with the government as well as with NGOs and their groups. farmer.
The program was enriched by a skit on the theme “Protect your children from COVID-19” which was performed by the health workers of PHC Laitdom and the residents of the area. Dr Anita, representative of the World Health Organization (WHO), was present.
He said that the Garos need to see the progress of the nation and to get dignity in life.
On the other hand, the Secretary has invited the Independent Power Producers Association of India (IPPAI) to bring in the people who can invest in this power generation.
The SP of EJH said that police have searched for him around hospitals and investigated from different villages to provide assistance to the victim according to the video.
“Even if I don't win, I am happy that I have been able to lead my state.
Shillong, June 03: The BSF today conducted a training on self-care to prevent the spread of malaria among mothers under the BSF Wives Welfare Association (BWWA). ).
The cleanliness drive was led by the Medical Superintendent of NEIGRIHMS in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnong.
On the Chief Minister's statement that it is the government's decision that the contractors should leave Garo Hills, he said it is the duty of the government to ensure that peace should prevail in the state. state.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The total number of confirmed cases of COVID-19 in the state has risen to 70, 45 from East Khasi Hills, 10 from West Garo Hills and 5 from South Garo Hills. , South West Garo Hills 4, Ri Bhoi 3, East Garo Hills 1, North Garo Hills 1, West Jaintia Hill 1, the total number of cases is
The Cyber ​​Security Operations Center is responsible for providing network monitoring services and is currently open 24 hours a day.
In his speech, the BJP leader said that if the BJP comes back to power, they will bring back the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill.
New Delhi April 02: The Asian Center for Human Rights (ACHR) has filed a complaint with the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) against the Hindi Station of Delhi University for excluding students from the North East. within the school.
The purpose of the meeting was to raise awareness among the public regarding the spread of the disease in the state.
At the same time, the Dorbar Shnong has said that he is not a full resident of Nongpoh Proper and as of now there is no full protection on this.
James Hitler Mawphniang has been elected as President, Shiningstar Kharbihkhiew as Vice President, Pynkmenlang Sanmiet as General Secretary and Pynkmenlang Marngar as Asst. General Secretary, David Rilang Nadon as Finance Secretary, Barness Sadd as Organizing Secretary, Pynshai Kupar Dkhar as Education Secretary, Iarapbhathik Shangrit as Publicity Secretary, Aitilang Mynsong as Socio-Cultural Secretary, and others. Executive Members shall not exceed
If it is true that the Congress party has accused the BJP of being anti-religious, how can the people of Goa and Nagaland, states where many Christians vote for the BJP? Meghalaya, has elected BJP leaders like TH Rangad who has eaten kwai at the door of God and others.
In the inspection of the union today, they found that many foreigners who have trading licenses but most of the shopkeepers do not have Labor License. The shops which do not have the necessary documents have been given within two days to provide and after two days the union will come again.
Shillong, November 26: The Meghalaya People's Committee (MPCA) today started accepting affidavits from the people at the office of the KSU for those people who wish to withdraw from the list. it's Aadhaar.
“The HNLC has insisted that all the leaders and members of the party will not come forward until the demands of the party are met.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah Lytan said it is sad to see that Dr Donkupar, who has been an MLA for many years, who has been the Chief Minister of the state, has not spoken. to such comments.
Ankita Mishra, CEO, ESG, briefed on the preparations for the delegates and people from the country to make the festival a success.
All mobile operators have installed more than 1,30,000 towers and other measures to increase the number of towers from July this year to the end of April.
The initiative was launched to make the state India's leading startup hub by
On the reopening of schools, the Minister said that the government's decision remains the same as it was decided earlier and this decision will remain in force until 15/11/2
According to the family members of the children, the children did not have a phone with them and the parents and police have searched for the children and their family members in Mawlai Mot Syiar but they did not find them. have.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the year 2020-2021 will be more damaging than the previous year. He said that all the Deputy Commissioners have worked to help the people when there is a crisis. any natural disaster.
There were 71 Khasi herbalists who attended the meeting . The meeting discussed how to raise awareness among the public about this disease because until now the people who have contracted it are still fighting to hide yourself from this disease because you have sorrow.
In his speech, Bah Hek expressed his gratitude to the NHIDCL for providing two ambulances and 10 more which will arrive in the coming days. state in the fight against COVID-1
Shillong, June 14: U Dr KK Paul, Governor of Meghalaya, today attended the three-day festival at Madan Weiking.
As the days and times go by, we witness that the Khasi community has declined steadily in terms of education, and it is closer to finding Khasi youth to pass higher examinations such as Civil Services. , IFS and so on.
After discussions between the two organizations, it was decided that the MPLU and JCCCV will work together to address the problem of commercial vehicles in the state, especially tourists. and local taxis which have faced difficulties due to the lack of proper arrangements for the entry of foreign vehicles.
Once the recruitment of 3108 policemen is completed, they will be appointed and at that time we will see the strength of the security forces of the police department,” he said.
From 18-West Shillong, Raja Jyrwa, from 19-South Shillong, Danny Langstieh, from 20-Mylliem, from Aibandaplin F Lyngdoh, from 22-Nongkrem, from Doristar Marbaniang, from 27-Mawphlang. Shanlang Warjri from 30-Mairang and Overlin Imiong from 35-Ranikor.
Any of the residents affected by this order can approach the relevant authorities, added the order of the District Magistrate.
The Minister said that the Ministry of Human Resource Development has been directed to issue a public notice to end the torture of children in schools.
This was announced by the President of MPLU.
How many people know the long way to go to their homes.
Also present on the occasion were representatives of the National Health Mission, Meghalaya, the State Tuberculosis Office, the Sports Department, the DJD, the Department of Agriculture and the central theme. the growth of the state.
This is the beginning of laying the foundation stone of a new India, this is to fill the needs of the people of this North Eastern Region of India and this will make India a stronger India. .
Liquor stores will be open for seven consecutive days in certain licensed areas.
Shillong, Nailar 25: The Ultimate Legend Bikers Association (BIKA) today held a bike rally to protest against the 2nd Amendment to the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage (KHADC). Bill, 2018.
The total number of vacancies was 2751; However, some unknown persons have appealed to the High Court and at the same time the High Court of Meghalaya has ruled that the government should not the result may be announced even if the final sitting has not yet been completed.
The permit to carry cows known as the “Transit pass” doesn't say anything about that, if it talks about the issue, it can't say how much it costs, now it can't say because There is no meaning to speak.
In our society, there is an area of ​​familiarity on the problems of unchecked population growth.
KAS also honored those who received the Ph.D.
Shillong, Naitung 02: More than 2000 people have arrived today to take part in the recruitment ceremony at Kench's Trace, Shillong. on the road.
Shillong, July 27: Speaking at the 68th Anniversary of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), the Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) said that the Sixth Schedule should protect the low paid, not the high paid. crowd.
“The work has gone smoothly and all these have been completed, all that remains is to fix the price of the land,” said the DC. The DC on his responsibility on this issue and the Seng also expects that the check gate in Malidor will be completed so that the illegal entry of foreigners can be curbed. pictures from the state of Meghalaya.
At this meeting , the KHADC explained to the CEM of JHADC and GHADC that the KHADC has approved the Village Development Council They said that the implementation of the Village Council will affect the work of the state because the state has its own way of working according to the customs and traditions and they do not want to see that the customs and traditions will disappear.
Vidyavathika said this while addressing a Business Session held on the second day of the ITM in Shillong, Meghalaya to discuss issues related to the development of tourism in the North East.
The bus left Tura and went to Shillong.
Speaking as the chief guest, Governor Ganga Prasad said that the North East of India has sufficient agricultural land and Meghalaya He said that the state is a blessed state in terms of agriculture and this will be an opportunity to create jobs for the youth of the state.
Regarding the rules sent by the central government, the state government will continue to sit and the decisions taken by the government will be announced in the coming days.
On the other hand, the Army paid special tribute to the GTC Army and Brigadier Manohar Thomas Commandant of 58 GTC and the entire team for preparing the ground for operation today. despite the rain of the sky.
In the complaint, the VPP also included a statement against the party president and the VPP wants the police department to arrest such people.
“The raid conducted tonight is to find those who stay overnight in the market but as the Hima it is very difficult to find those who stay in the market.
Answering questions, the DC Shillong office has issued only four passes which means four vehicles and according to the announcement of the Transport Department, one vehicle can be used for There were only 15 vehicles, but 41 people.
Shillong, Lber 07: The BJP Youth Wing Meghalaya has supported the demand of the Sohra Chiefs to appoint a team of inquiry into the failure of the MCCL to fill the cement packet.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with COMSO, the Minister of Home Affairs said that during the meeting today, he said that they should stop the smuggling of people who come to the country. enter the state.
Lyngdoh said that the buses that will be allowed to pass through the bridge should not carry more than 9 (nine) tonnes.
The association of traditional medicine practitioners which has more than 40 members has also decided to work hard to improve and develop the Pnar medicine system.
The Meghalaya government has spoken to the Assam government, the West Khasi Hills District police have spoken to the district police in this area and the discussion has been to ensure that such These things shall not happen again.
However, on 20th June, 2019, the union checked again whether these foreigners have submitted their documents and found that they have not submitted them.
Shillong, June 30: The Kripa Foundation today held a workshop on the harmful effects of social media and the loss of alcohol at the Landmark Victoria Hills.
The Union of Village Authorities, Sohra District has invited Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Co-Chairman, Meghalaya State Planning Board; Chairman, Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States, to assist in explaining the Village Act proposed by the KHADC authorities and known as the KHADC Village Admin Bill
We have worked with all ART centers in the state to ensure the supply of all ARVs for adults and children.
Shillong, Nailur 08: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today said at a meeting of political parties that the government will not implement the ILP in Meghalaya.
The Seng Kur Warjri has urged the branches across the Ri Khasi Jaintia to be vigilant to the community especially to their fellow citizens so that they can escape from any suffering.
This shows that they don't have a spirit of knowledge.
Dawanbor said that as the residents of Pynursla, they will not accept the dorbar held by Bah Mudon Singh because he has not been authorized by the Syiem of Khyriem.
The group also expressed the lack of knowledge of the children of the Hima about the activities within the Hima.
In fact, the leaders of the Central Executive Committee (CEC) of the party should have taken action to appoint new office bearers in place of those who have been removed and to inform all the leaders of the District for the to discuss how to strengthen the party in Nongstoiñ Constituency which has been the brainchild of the HSPDP since the beginning of the full state struggle.
Shillong, Lber 29: BSF troops of 172 Battalion on 28/3/2024 seized a truck carrying sugarcane. The answer is clear in relation to Shini.
The villagers tried to extinguish the fire and also informed the fire brigade but unfortunately as the road is long they could not reach the fire in time due to the lack of water in the area. Although the authorities of the department have come to install the water pipes, but according to the residents, it was the lack of water at the time of the fire and they could not extinguish it.
The Prime Minister said that even in the midst of these many challenges, the government has set a priority target to pay the arrears of government employees if there is money to pay, because without them, the work of the government will get how.
Compared to before and after 2014, the Prime Minister said that the length of railway lines has been increased by more than 1900 kilometres.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and his Cabinet today visited Mukroh village to meet with the families of those who suffered a tragic shooting incident. Three people have lost their lives in the attack by the Assam Police.
This was announced in a statement by Justine Kharbuki, General Secretary of the HPF.
“Ka AJYWO urges the law enforcement authorities to punish this foreigner severely according to the provisions of the law and also to look into other provisions of the IPC which may be able to prosecute more. Therefore, I would like to ask you to take action against the foreigner for this illegal act, so that the people will be happy and also so that there will be no ethnic riots in the society tomorrow just because of the taking of this bar. The state has the law in its hands,” said Bah Dkhar.
He also thanked the parents who took the time to listen to this public explanation that there is a need for children and their families, the teachers and the Sordar Shnong Mawnai who informed the public.
On the other hand, the KSU urges the government to introduce a comprehensive education policy in the state but unfortunately, even after getting a comprehensive education policy, no education policy has been implemented. not adequate provision in education.
At the same time, the three organizations demanded from the district authorities of East Jaintia Hills to deploy a police force to patrol the area so that it will be safe for the tourists as well as the residents and traders of the area.
The AAM was organized by the Ministry of North Eastern Development of India in collaboration with the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of India. North Eastern Council, the Union Minister's speech has explained what the Prime Minister thinks about the region.
Donbok Kharlyngdoh, Leader of the HYC, said that as a group in the past months despite the COVID-19 pandemic, they have not listened to the government. The CoMSO demands that all 60 MLAs should go to Delhi to call for ILP. If necessary, the CoMSO will also go along.
The Syiem of Mylliem Hima told SP News Agency that the market will be closed during the cleaning hours.
The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) today lodged a letter with the office of the Subdivisional School Education Officer West Jaintia Hills District demanding that the salary of the students should be paid immediately. Diangmon Dkhar, an Assistant Teacher at Nartiang Presbyterian Upper Primary School, who has been working for 29 years at the school, has suddenly suspended her salary for three months. people have joined the Seventh Day Adventist Church.
Two elderly men were seriously injured and police rushed them to Tirot Singh Memorial Hospital where one of them died. The other was taken to Shillong Civil Hospital.
Greetings were also received from the Principal, Dr.B.Kharkongor and blessings from Rev.P.Thabah, Member Governing Body.
He said that the establishment of the Center of Excellence for Natural Resources Management is important for bringing about a major change in this sector.
At the awarding ceremony, prizes and trophies of the online competitions on slogan writing were also distributed to the winners and participants.
The meeting was welcomed by Bah S Pasweth General Manager of DCIC Jowai and conducted by Bah Ar Manager of DCIC. This exhibition will last for two days.
Shillong, July 02: Two persons, Muhamad Rophik Ali of Krishnai, Assam and Clebert M Sangma, have lodged a complaint with the police. She is 16 years old from her home in Nongkyndang, West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: Heavy rain has fallen in Mawnai area and neighboring villages in Eastern West Khasi Hills District at 11 am today. intense.
Speaking to media, the Secretary of the HYC Education Cell, Samla Enlang Sawian said that the shortage of new textbooks for the students including English, Math and Science in Shillong and Other districts have not received these books because the vendors have explained that they do not have production.
After the meeting, the President handed over the flag of the party to the President of Umling Branch, Bah John. Silvert  Welcome.
STPI was opened in Agartala, Aizawl and Shillong.
It will be the same for all students at the national level,” he added.
Police have registered a complaint against the suspects and the investigation is ongoing to track down the perpetrators.
The bank has donated funds to Ramkumar S, IAS, Mission Director, National Health Mission, Meghalaya. Noyal Baby, AEVP & Branch Head, Federal Bank, Shillong.
To help the public to get admission to educational institutions recognized by any government, the District Administration wants the institutions to apply for permission and to check the documents. and if they find them suitable they will not give permission.
After this, the veterinary doctor left the scene and threatened the BSF personnel who were still on duty.
The President of the party, Bah KP Pangniang, said that the two MLAs had given many reasons for not attending the meeting. Two MLAs will support the upcoming presidential election.
Shaibor Nongrum President said that the smuggling of Shini, Piat and Ktung has led to the increase in the price of food items in the state. These goods were smuggled to Bangladesh on the Pynursla Road.
The Government will take action in this regard to ensure that the people should not suffer and at the same time should protect the environment and the work should not affect the environment too much.
This assistance has been distributed to all the paradoh parasnam across the Bri U Hynniewtrep who have faced difficulties and needs and who are in need of assistance.
Speaking on the occasion, the Deputy Commissioner said that no matter what position they are in as mothers, their duty is to provide food for their children. it is to free the mothers from the burden.
Therefore, these three organizations have set up the JACAC to monitor the implementation of various government schemes.
Those who participated were from Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur, Tripura, Mizoram, Meghalaya, Sikkim and Nagaland.
Police have conducted a search operation at the house of Ajit Rabha and the search operation is ongoing. This has been registered at Khanapara Police Station. which is not according to the law.
He said that this comes from the mouths of drug users whom the union has arrested in the raids on drug users in the past few months.
Later, in a media interaction, the Union Minister said the Government was looking into how coal and oil exploration would affect the environment and promised that mining land will move in a way that benefits the region.
The CEO said that many of the voters have been able to vote for the first time and the office has handed over their syrnot to them. that constituency.
At this meeting, the Union Home Minister said that after talking to all the secretaries, a committee should be set up to oversee the implementation of the recommendation from the first to the last round. the Official Language Committee.
The policeman who tested positive for COVID-19 has been placed undergoing treatment and the policemen have been taken to Umpleng Anti-Dacoity Camp.
There are 97 recoveries from West Khasi Hills, 54 from West Khasi Hills and 20 from East Khasi Hills. there are 80587 people.
It may be recalled that Bah Latiplang was elected as CEM of KHADC on 22nd March 2019 and the Administrator Rule was enacted on 7th June Shillong, Lber 24: The Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Pynshngianglang Syiem on his congratulatory speech. Titostarwell Chyne today said that in the last four months of his tenure as CEM, Bah Latiplang has retained his name as CEM to maintain the autonomy of the District Council.
Shillong, July 12: U Bah Thomas Passah President of KHNAM Youth Wing today sent a letter to the CEM of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem to remind him of the concern of the KHNAM Youth Wing. laws to prevent non-residents from taking part in the MDC election.
Regarding the demarcation, the first is that the two states have to agree, the second is to take the matter to the Central Government and the Central Government knows what the States want. and finally the Parliament of India.
Children under 17 years of age are eligible.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said, “In 2019, we are issuing more Notifications 2021 to implement the Building Bye laws. MUDA has been entrusted to give permission for the implementation of Building Bye Laws within the Municipal boundary for the construction of offices, hotels, hospitals and others. Large buildings while land outside the Municipal has been handed over to the Autonomous District Councils.
There are 387 recoveries from all districts of the state. The highest number of recoveries is from East Khasi Hills (175), West Garo Hills (106). there are 88013 people.
On the other hand, MUGH hopes that if the government has the will to do so, it can curb these evils.
Shillong, July 30: The Office of the Commissioner and Secretary of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly today announced that the meeting of the Business Advisory Committee (BAC) has been postponed from 2nd to 1st June
The NEC Secretary declined to criticize the performance of the North Eastern States by saying, “I will not name but all the states are not the same but fortunately there are and the new allocation does not come through. the State Treasury (or) the Finance Department of the Government, comes directly to the employers.
Manas has won twice as an independent MLA from Mawpren Constituency and in 2012 he joined the Congress and contested the election from the Congress party but did not win. The Congress party in Meghalaya has many question marks, but in a statement sent, it was not clear whether it will join other political parties. .
At the same time, this organization will guide the youth to reach their goals.
Dr. Nandita Chatterjee, Secretary HUPA, said that the government is now preparing ways to achieve this goal that 27% of the population needs foreign houses to live in. can get a house because of the rise in property values.
The swearing-in ceremony was held at the Durbar Hall at Raj Bhavan Shillong. The Speaker of the House, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of Home Affairs, Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development were present. Banteidor Lyngdoh, Saleng Sangma MLA. Officials of the state who were present on the occasion were Bah DP Wahlang, Chief Officer of the State, Dr. LR Bishnoi and others. officers were present on this day.
Shillong, November 09: The Commissioner and Secretary, Government of Meghalaya in charge of Personal and Administrative Reform (B) Department, R.Lyngdoh on Tuesday issued an order under Notification No.PER( AR).153/93/Pt/.11/149.
Women will also receive training on how to fly drones.
In South West Garo Hills, they are located in Mirjumla and Jhunjuni areas.
T.3,180 tyngka was also seized from them, Ajay Baruah, Gautam Dey and the driver of the vehicle were also arrested.
Also present on the occasion were the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, Executive Members, Syiem of the Hima, Ministers, Officers of the Nongkhlaw Hima and other dignitaries of the Hima.
Shillong, November 28: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that there are 60 cases of COVID-19 positive in Meghalaya. and East Khasi Hills, Ri Bhoi and West Garo Hills Districts.
As the government has decided to develop the Kaleh area and showcase its jobs.
The Serenity Choir from Laitumkhrah will perform to entertain the alumni. Those students who are studying at Don Bosco's schools are invited to take part.
The President of the Union, Kong Banalis Syiem, in an interview with the media, said, “The State Government has promised to pay the Honorarium for 6 months but till now the Government has not paid anything. for three months.
In this regard, the Executive Committee of the All Meghalaya Dancers Association congratulates Tyngkle Grace Iawrot and prays that she will reach the goal of victory.
Khmih Shillong Group recently took part in the Monolith Festival at Mawphlang and on the opening day of the 1st Sanshou Wushu Cup 2013 (National) which was held at the Jawaharlal Nehru Sports Complex, Polo Shillong.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah was speaking after a woman committed suicide after being hit by a speeding motorcycle while trying to cross the road in Mawlai. From the car.
Risingbor has participated in various programs and workshops including a workshop on traditional songs, making traditional musical instruments organized by the Government of Meghalaya.
The protest was against the central government's plan to hand over the state-recognized banks to the private sector by allowing private companies to have more shares than the government, while means companies will get to keep control.
Many of the parents have phoned me yesterday to express their concern about this.
The sitting days will be on the 8th, 13th, and 14th.
In his speech, Bah Basaiawmoit stressed that the students should be hardworking and poverty should not be an obstacle in terms of education.
On the contrary there are nine.
Heads of the state government will also be present to make this day a success.
The union also questioned how the employer does not know the law but does not know the government's order.
In a statement sent by the Assistant General Secretary, Bah Damonmi S.Dkhar, he said, “We have demanded from the Government to release the leaders of the party immediately without any restrictions within 48 hours. The government has ignored the demand and will not be able to take this step, because of the arrest of the released members of the party and the senior leaders of the party without any reason.
He said that this is the time for the people of Meghalaya and the country to allow the Congress to come to power so that peace and development can return to the country. in Ri.
The program was held at Sein Raij Secondary School and Mawprem Modern Higher Secondary School this month.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: Replying to a question by Bah Heavingstone Kharpran, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said that the decision of the House to demand from the Central Government to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the The fifth chapter remains with the Central Government.
To get the benefits of the PM-Surya Ghar: MuftBijliYojana, the Government has launched a massive campaign since the launch of the scheme to provide information and applications from interested households.
This decision shall be effective immediately until further notice.
Please provide your full name, age, gender, village name, clear and accurate address, type of punishment (excommunication ?/ excommunication ?/ salary cut ?/ loss of education ?/ loss of food ? and others) experienced and who did so and when (date).
He said don't let yourself be accused like this.
They will be surprised to see that as foreigners they have reached these places while you have not.
When they arrived at the parking lot near the Additional Secretariat, the Minister in charge of Law and Justice, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, invited them to speak.
The HYC Shillong has demanded that there should be people to look after the entry of people into the state and to increase the number of employees so that they can work 24 hours a day, said Bah Robert President HYC Shillong. Nailur 03: The Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma today alleged that there has been corruption in the implementation of the Saubhagya scheme which is supposed to provide electricity to 1400 villages in the state. The whole of Meghalaya.
There are 11 cases related to the government, three cases related to crime, one case related to illegal immigration, and one case related to food security. .
Dhankhar said that transparency and accountability are the responsibility of the Government and said that corruption, corruption and corruption have no place now.
Speaking on the occasion, Minister of DoNER, Culture and Tourism, G. Kishan Reddy said that he is grateful to the President for her continued support and encouragement for the North East.
Others who attended the opening ceremony included Bah Oriwel Shullai, Dr SS Manar, Bah Nidalam Sungoh, JK Passah, W Dhar, Doloi of Shangpung District, Bah KC Rymbai, Doloi of Jowai District, Bah KC Rymbai, Doloi of Jowai District; D.Challam, MDC, EM, JHADC and other dignitaries.
Shillong, Naiwieng 03: Speaking at the 25th Anniversary Celebration of the Rupang News Agency, the Minister of State for Forests, Bah Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the media is at the heart of the work of the Ministry of Forests. government because through them they can inform the public and this is also true of the civil society.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah MS Lyngdoh, Directorate of Mineral Resources, said that the reason for the inability to issue the shallans is because they are still preparing. I'm not going to have a shallan.
The elected leaders of the Khasi States are 12 from Khyrim State, 11 from Mylliem State, 4 from Maharam State, 4 from Nongkhlaw State, 3 from Nongstoin State, 3 from Cherra State, one from Nongspung, Langrin, , Mawsynram, Myriaw, Rambrai, Mawiang, Bhowal, Malaisohmat, Nobosohphoh, Pamsanngut, Jirang, Sohiong, Mawphlang, Lyngiong, Shella, Mawlong, Mawdon, Dwara Nongtyrnem and Nonglwai, and 8 leaders including 4 women.
Shillong, November 03: 52 new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills, 12 in West Garo Hills, 4 in Ri Bhoi and 3 in West Jaintia Hills. Hills 1, 648 cases have been reported.
: Former Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma has been charged with Rs 20 crore fine after accusing Henry Lalremsanga of being a kingpin of drug trafficking in the Synrai Dorbar. the State Legislature.
The people of the state know that the price of essential commodities such as coal and Mawshun has fallen sharply, but how have these coal mining factories increased the price of coal which has been too high? postpone.
The RDA fully supports the allocation of seats for women in Parliament and the opposition to the attempted mining of uranium in Meghalaya. will also take action to ensure that this will be implemented immediately by the government.
BSF also arrested four persons in the vehicle, identified as Nazimuddin, Anwar Hussain, Ziarul Haque and Noor Islam, all from Howli village, Barpeta district. in the state of Assam.
Also present on the occasion were Deputy Speaker Timothy D Shira, MLAs Rupert Momin and Pongseng Marak. The meeting was attended by the Prime Minister. The 50th Anniversary of the State.
These may change as the days go by and the monitoring of polling stations is ongoing.
If the government wants peace and order, it should immediately stop the company from continuing its work, because the union does not know how to stop by words but by deeds.
This is the first time that the farmers have worked together to start export trade and this has been achieved with the joint support of the State Government and the MBMA. The government will hold a sohtrun festival in Delhi.
At the meeting of the Executive Dorbar in 2008, the Dorbar Shnong said that if Bah Sanbor can build this road, the name of the road will be changed to This is the writing in the Lumparing Dorbar Shnong.
For example, we have to pay about 17-18 tyngka per liter of petrol and 12-13 tyngka per liter of diesel in the form of VAT in addition to the price of umphniang.
The General Secretary of the KSU East Jaintia Hills District, Bah KS Suchiang, said that the request to all to stop driving has been found that many of the drivers do not want to join hands with the KSU. Because there are only 10 pawa who have joined hands with the union and don't drive anymore at night, this shows that the drivers are happy and happy to drive even though the road is bad and dirty.
The rapid increase in violence in the state has been alarming and it is time for the people to join hands to eradicate such incidents.
Shillong, Nailur 19: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HANM) has sent a petition to the Chief Officer of Meghalaya, Bah Donal Phillip Wahlang, requesting him to talk to the Director of Central Board Secondary Education to include the Khasi language in the school. board examination as the second subject.
On the other hand, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh said that the government is not in a hurry to take land but at the same time the government wants to relieve the congestion in Shillong.
Therefore, the KSU would like to urge the District authorities of South West Khasi Hills District and East Khasi Hills District to send Sector Officers to explain or print leaflets to send to the remote villages of South West Khasi Hills District. West Khasi Hills District and Mawsynram Block so that the public can understand better.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, told the Prime Minister that the state has agreed to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the National Games.
Zuberstar Kharbuki was confirmed as the Minister of the Kharbuki Kur by the Syiem of Mylliem, Pa'iem Ainam Manik Syiem on the 13th of this month.
The Rangbah Kur, Kharshiing said that if the perpetrators cannot be arrested at this time, it will be a big problem and will cause panic among the people.
He said that this special training will be a preparation for the youth how to understand when they go to write the examinations in various jobs that they apply for.
It will create new opportunities for those who have been trained in the field and will create up to 3000 jobs.
IGP Law and Order GHP Raju has already warned through the media that if anyone is found to be collecting money from trucks, they will be punished severely.
Now the country also needs ports.
As the EC no longer has a meeting, the dorbar will be held on the 22nd of this month to elect a new CEM.
Certificates and cash prizes were also awarded to the winners.
Other CoMSO leaders who spoke at the public hearing on the grounds of their demand for ILP were Donbok Kharlyngdoh of HYC, Arphul Kharbani of HANM, Lamphrang Kharbani of HANM, John D Sangma. From AKHAF and other leaders, all these speakers expressed the need for ILP in Meghalaya.
Other office bearers of the party are Gaurav Bajaj as president, Michael Hek as secretary and treasurer Kishan Singhania.
Shillong, Nailur 11: Former Meghalaya MLA Simon Siangshai has passed away while undergoing treatment at the Super Care Hospital Shillong after a long illness.
The HSPDP party stands on three principles like Mawbyrsiew, to preserve, protect and improve. The party has not changed from its foundations for 55 years.
The Khasi Pnars are not foreigners and illegal residents as written by the Chief Executive Member of KAAC. You shall also take responsibility to protect the land and boundaries of the Villages and Elaka under the JHADC without any discrimination.
Meghalaya has implemented a three-pronged approach to combating the disease – identifying carriers, strengthening health care facilities and improving the capacity of the community to fight against this disease.
In 2010, the RTI found that the same cost of providing rooms for the OSD amounted to 1,05,900 tyngka.
The Union had also set an appointment to meet the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma last month to discuss the issue but the Chief Minister has not responded, he said.
Regarding the failure to bring peace in Manipur, NESO has alleged that this is due to the lack of attention of the central government which has brought suffering to the people in the state. Manipur.
The AIGNF has held a nationwide strike since today, but the staff of the hospital, in respect of the patients, have not yet taken this decision to strike. They didn't work, but they just held this protest by sitting in the middle of the night.
The first festival will be held to showcase their own customs and traditions. There will be a competition in traditional costumes and the himas from the two districts of WKH District and SWKH District have been invited to participate in the dance competition. , publish and tell stories in collaboration with the Khasi Author Society.
Under the NikshayPoshan Yojana (NPY), financial assistance has been provided to people with TB through Direct Benefit Transfer.
The Rashtriya Raksha University aims to support its future careers through further training, tuition assistance and the opportunity to become teachers.
Speaking about the inscriptions found in Tamil Nadu dating back to 900 AD, Minister Duh said that everyone is surprised at this now.
It has been the responsibility of the Central Government to resolve border issues through collaboration with the State Governments and to pave the way for peace in these matters through understanding.
In his speech, the Chief Minister, Cornad K Sangma, promised to the people of the area that the health center will be set up in the next fiscal year. At this public meeting, the Chief Minister said that the water wells supplying water to Tura are from these villages. The Prime Minister said that the government will pay special attention to these villages in terms of development.
Nepalis from Mawlai, Lower Mawprem, Nongmensong and Ri Bhoi.
On this occasion, the KDA presented 12 demands of the party which the government should implement for the benefit of the poor.
The purpose of this annual festival is to thank God for His blessings for the good of agriculture and the health of the children of the Hima.
Speaking on the occasion, Forwardman Nongrem said that the KSU has sent letters to the government demanding ILP twice in 2018 and .
At this public meeting in the presence of the MLA of the area who is also the Minister in the government, Bah Prestone Tynsong, the Chief Minister announced that the Pynursla government has now received the The Chief Minister did not say when the new Civil Sub Division will be opened.
While other MLAs and MDCs had gone to meet Mukul Sangma at Congress Bhavan, the Congress office in Meghalaya, the CEM of KHADC had gone to meet Mukul Sangma. Mukul Sangma at Pinewood Hotel to discuss party issues.
The 64th Republic Day is a day of pride for every citizen of the country.
Applications are reviewed online.
However, as it is now, if they stay in Assam, who will protect them, as well as whether they can maintain them.
This peace talks should be within the framework of the Constitution of India and allow them to return to live a life like others to participate in the development of the country. the decision of the state.
He referred to the talks with the Shramiks who contributed to the construction of the new Parliament and said that 60,000 Shramiks have been employed in the construction of the new Parliament. new seating area where their role is presented.
The Cabinet today also took a decision on the appointment of Assistant Conservator Forest Officer in the Forest Department. The change in the service rule is that it will now be in the ration of 1:1 which means 50% will have to pass the examination. and 50% without promotion.
Earlier, on 22nd November 2019, they had completed the interview and for more than 4 years they have not been able to complete this job.
Dr Jemino Mawthoh said the remaining candidates will be announced later as the Election Committee will meet again on the 31st of this month.
The Government has directed the Chief Secretary of the State to immediately write this letter and send it to the Central Government through the Ministry of Home Affairs.
Shillong, Nailar 12: The KSU Nongtrai Unit today went to the office of Lafarge at Polo to demand that the company which owns its quarry at Nongtrai employment should be given to the people of the area.
Tura, Naitung 16: The dewbilat factory at Damas in North Garo Hills has been shut down due to the lack of peace and order in Garo Hills and Assam.
The meeting was conducted by BK Mawpat Member CEC, Comet Star Lyngdoh, Organizing Secretary HANM-CB, Wraiwan Sohtun, Assistant General Secretary, Comely Lyngdoh, President West Jaintia Hills District, Lawyerson War, former President of JSU. and others.
The meeting was convened by the Ministry of Home Affairs and scheduled to be held at 1.00 pm from North Block New Delhi.
In 1989 and 1991, Peter G Marbaniang won twice. In 1996, George Gilbert Swell won again as an independent candidate.
I said that whether you are stupid or not, you cannot vote for a person or a person.
The Yatra, which started on Janjatiya GauravDiwas (November 15, 2023), aims to deliver basic services to all the people who deserve these services related to sanitation and financial matters.
There are 2 new cases of COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, 13 in East Jaintia Hills, 272 in East Khasi Hills, 9 in North Garo Hills, 48 ​​in Ri Bhoi, 2 in South West Garo Hills and 3 in South West Garo Hills. South West Khasi Hills 1, West Jaintia Hills 31 and West Khasi Hills
At the end of the second half, no one could score as both teams were very supportive of their team and it was in the tie-breaker that Krang managed to beat Combine by three goals. saw.
Young people have speed, young people have aspirations, young people have new strength, young people have new ways of thinking, young people have new goals, young people have new goals, young people have new futures, young people have hopes.
Shillong, November 06: Mairang MDC Batskhem Ryntathiang of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today announced that he has resigned from the party. United Democratic Forum (UDA).
Information on the monitoring of such persons has been provided to the states.
Latest sources close to the BJP said that the purpose of the meeting was to explain to the religious leaders their doubts about the BJP and to discuss face to face what which the organization has to convey to these leaders.
The question is why the Government of Meghalaya has not appointed or announced this Commission since 2011.
The total number of candidates announced by the NPP for the MLA election from the party has reached 27 out of 60 Assembly constituencies in Meghalaya.
Speaking to Batesi TV after a meeting with Kong RM Kurbah, Bah C. Wankhar, Leader of KJFWRA, said that the Commissioner of Food Safety has ordered that the fish should be tested first. They were imported from outside the state before being introduced to the fish market in Iewduh as a guarantee that these fish were not treated with formalin injection.
The upgradation of Ranikor C&RD Block to an Administrative Unit will greatly assist the people in many ways in relation to government related activities.
At the same time, he also handed over the Work Order to the Village Leaders of Mawlai Mawtawar, Riat Tamdong and Laitlum for the construction of Community Halls and footpaths at a cost of T. foot.
Furthermore, more than 200 Khelo India Centers have been approved to be established in eight states in the region.
Ninety-five people from all the States and Union Territories, dressed in traditional costumes, were invited to witness the celebration at the Red Fort.
Other states have received a reply from the NTA on the conduct of the NEET examination but the state government has not yet received a reply from the NTA. He urged the state government to talk to the NTA officials from Delhi regarding the report sent by the NTA from our state and the NTA should respond soon as the result of NEET this year is almost out. .
He said that after the party understands that this order was issued by the Central Government, the party will follow up on this issue as this decision will affect the Khasi youth and youth. people across the country.
The meeting was conducted by JL Das General Secretary and leaders from central government departments such as Banks, BSNL and other employees of central and state government companies. Lari Warjri gave a speech.
He said that after 2017 through the Northeast Capital Cities Investment Program scheme, they have distributed garbage dumps to store rotten and non-rotten garbage. to the trucks that come from the villages.
Research and strategic leadership ,Policy assistance.
Those with diabetes, headaches, rheumatism should take care of themselves if they have a headache, or if they have symptoms of fever.
Ama became the first Garo film to win a National Award, including the Best Cinematography Award at the 22nd Shanghai International Film Festival in
The VAT collection in 2017-2018 was T.180 crore, 2018-2019 was T.160 crore, 2019-2020 was T.204.31 crore and 2020-2 long T.140 crore by July
The residents of this area despite the heavy rain did not hesitate but came to take part in this dance of the Hima, this dance of peace of mind will end tomorrow morning.
Has the intelligence agency investigated the truth up to the top of the Lukha River known as 'Krem, Mahabon' and above this cremation there are two rivers, one called Wah Lunar and the other? the Luke River.
He said that a meeting of all the farmers, farmers, farmers, including the farmers in Shillong will soon be convened.
The party leader Bah L Kharbnai said that the party is against the sudden ban on coal mining in the state.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that the PEC is only responsible for selecting the people who have the hope of winning.
All these participants took part in this work and the training was opened by MLA Winnerson Sangma.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District said that after cleaning the ground and the hand, vehicles have been allowed to pass through this road.
He said that HANM will meet with Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma and Arunachal Pradesh MP Kirran Rejiju to discuss these issues in Parliament. .
They perform three main functions – raising awareness about the disease, assisting in monitoring the situation and assisting in the management of community quarantine centres.
Speaking on the soskular signed by the government, JACBOM Chairman Erwin Sutnga said that the Supreme Court of India will be the judge and only the Supreme Court should take the decision. justice.
There will be no food outlets at these two venues, so those who come have to prepare their own food. Once inside, no one will be allowed to leave the venue. he ran.
He urged the Circle to be active in its work to provide adequate services to the area.
The state government should implement the decision of the Supreme Court without delay.
Police said that according to a complaint lodged at Sardar police station, on the 20th of this month, Agens tried to enter the Main Secretariat. to the people.
The death toll has risen to 10 in East Khasi Hills, 6 in East Khasi Hills, 2 in West Jaintia Hills and 2 in East Jaintia Hills.
The Chief Minister appealed to all the people to follow the government's directives to keep a distance from each other and to observe the rules and regulations.
He also spoke about the increase in the price of stents, kidney replacement products and dialysis centers in each district.
It is forbidden to open tea and food shops.
In this regard, it is pleasing to urge the Government to create Mawhati District along with Ri-Bhoi District which will include Mawhati, Umsning and Umroi Assembly Constituencies as part of bringing Khadar rule closer to the people and to accelerate the development of the people of this area.
The behavior of these foreign dew factories in East Jaintia Hills district shows that they only want to destroy our natural resources without any concern for our youth. who have completed various qualifications and are qualified to work in that field of study.
Many Sengbhalang leaders have spoken on the ILP and if the ILP doesn't work, there will be a protest. it will continue and become stronger.
She also said that the process of withdrawing funding according to the current system should not stop any business but strengthen it so that it can work better.
Simon is the son of Gedean Nongspung and Marina Nongrum.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Bah Syiemiong said that on the 21st July 2020, he had sent a notice to hold the Dorbar Shnong today, but on the 13th On the 1st of this month, a letter was sent to suspend the dorbar which had already been announced.
Police suspect that the murder was motivated by money laundering.
It is alleged that the cause of the light outage was a leakage of the light from the nearby transformer.
The union urges the authorities in charge of the forest department not to allow such illegal activities. CORP.In this regard, the union will send a complaint to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District and the DFO of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong that such illegal activities should not be allowed. Shillong, November 22: The Director of Health Services (DHS) Shillong, November 22, 2013, said that the factory has rejected the decision of the Supreme Court of India. Dr Aman War today said that 41 people have tested positive for COVID-19, 37 in East Khasi Hills, 2 in West Garo Hills, 1 in Ri Bhoi and 1 in West Khasi Hills. there were 430 of them.
The world is following the LiFE Mission and it is for such initiatives that the United Nations has awarded Prime Minister Narendra Modi the 'Champions of Earth' award. Net-Zero Carbon Emission, International Solar Alliance, 20% Ethanol Blending, construction of 12 state-of-the-art refineries to convert bio-gas into biofuel, and Green Hydrogen Mission are among the world's most successful projects. monitoring and monitoringIn addition to ensuring internal security, monitoring of natural disasters, security of border areas and provision of services to the people in the first communities located in the border areas, the CAPF now they have worked on environmental protection activities through tree planting.
In the tableau competition, the third prize went to the District AH Veterinary Office, the second prize went to the Meghalaya State Skill Development Society and the first prize went to the District Commerce and Industries. Center.
He said that such NGOs are the foundation for the building and development of society and the country and the nation.
It is mentioned in our calendars as the anniversary of our independence.
As part of the information program organized by HQ R&D Estt, the delegation visited Saint Claret Higher Secondary School, Umkdait, Nongmengsong, Shillong and was welcomed by the Principal Fr.Siby Kuriakose.
Conrad said.
After the relatives could not find him even after searching around the village, they lodged a complaint at Mawngap Out Post.
The Mawlai Town Dorbar (MTD) on Saturday decided to improve the lives of 21 youths who are residents of villages within the Mawlai district who were enslaved by the your drug addiction.
Pharnailang Swear was arrested by Jowai Police and brought to Shillong for further investigation. guarded by the police.
Shillong, Nailur 03: The FKJGP Nongdisong-Mawiawa unit is deeply saddened by the inconvenience caused to the people of Nongstoin especially the sick people who have to pass through this road.
There are 1 villages under the Diengpasoh Police Station and they are Sohlaper, Mawiong, Ummir, Mawsharoh, Mawthumthum, Ryngksaw, Diengpasoh, Jaroit, Mawkhanu, Mynriang and Nonghali.
The Chairman of the 15Finance Commission said that Meghalaya is a beautiful state and can boost tourism not only by attracting more tourists but also by having hotels that can generate income. to the state.
The Ministry has stressed that the training provided by schools or other educational institutions as stipulated in the Motor Vehicles Act 1988 should ensure that the driver should be able to read the signs and do the right thing. duties such as filling the dairy, inspecting trucks and trailers, providing information before leaving on the road and after arriving at the destination.
Speaking to media, Thongkhar said that the visit of the Chief Minister to Mawkyrwat is a great blessing for the residents of Mawkyrwat. They also explained to the Prime Minister the need to build the Mawphlang-Ranikor Road which will pass through Mawkyrwat.
Many of the observers said that the MDA-II government under the leadership of the NPP has persuaded many to extend the term because there is still a new arrangement in KHADC. The Committee has proceeded to complete its work and has started meetings with the people of various constituencies to hear their views. days to meet with the people to get their opinion.
Therefore, the union strongly requests the office of the DC Ri-bhoi district to take immediate action on this issue.
Shillong, Nailar 09: Muslims in Shillong along with other parts of the world today celebrated the Eid-Ul-Fitr.
Speaking to media after the meeting, Dr. Ampareen said that all the political parties present at the meeting unanimously approved the Roster System prepared by the government.
The Minister of Home Affairs will visit Shillong for two days for a meeting on how to reform the working methods of the NEC.
Shillong, July 11: The Research Unit of KJWA, as part of the promotion and encouragement of students in writing in the Khasi language, will hold a writing competition in the Khasi language.
Kh.
On the other hand, the MLA congratulated the land owners who have given their encouragement to build this road which the people have been waiting for for many years and also congratulated the PWD for working. great power to finish on time.
The Congress party is not weak ei ei, at this time it is still stronger than ever, especially the farmers, traders or government employees who have faced many problems in the past five years. The Congress party is the only party.
Thus, it is on the tree that people who have lost their eyes trust.
Due to the urgency of the matter, Bah Bashai Rai Dohling has suspended his work and handed over to a Dkhar child from India.
According to the count, 19-South Shillong had the lowest turnout with 58.36%.
Police have seized the suspect and his belongings under the provisions of the NDPS Act, along with a plastic bag containing amphetamine weighing 1.017 kilos.
The construction of the railway line is also a threat to the KHADC which has not yet issued the NOC for the construction of the railway line.
At the end of the meeting, Bah B Ioannis Shylla, Saiñpyniar, gave a welcome speech and reminded the party to continue to work hard to strengthen the union in the work of protecting the fundamental rights of the people. thousands of children in Ri Khasi.
In the men's category, Shainingstar Marwein won the first prize, Rahjopkordor Lyngdoh won the second prize and Mebansainborlang Pathaw won the third prize. In the women's category, Ibashongkun Kurbah won first place, Laaihun Hoojon won second place and Nerisa Nongrum won third place.
He reported that the budget for the third phase has increased four times than for the second phase.
The CM also acknowledged that this is necessary and it is the responsibility of the Council to issue this certificate and promised to discuss this at the EC on 1st June.
“On the part of the Rangbah Kur and Secretary of the Kharbuki Kur, Bah Highborn Kharbuki, while introducing Bah Zubestar Kharbuki before the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, they said that after the passing away of Minister Robert Kharbuki, The Dorbar has unanimously elected Bah Zubestar Kharbuki as the new Minister of the Kur.
At present, about 90% of the students do not have the opportunity to write this examination.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that four persons have been arrested in connection with the case. from those who sell dynamite, those who make bombs and those who go to plant bombs.
Those Khasi, Hynniewtrep, if they want recognition, come and meet with the HNYF to discuss it.
Shillong, November 14: The Meghalaya Government through the Sports Department today announced that it will spend Rs 23 crore for the Meghalaya Games to be held in Tura from the 15th. until 20th January
Shillong, Nailur 28: India is celebrating its 75th Independence Day and the Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav is underway across the country.
During the arrest, the BSF recovered 9104 capsules of Dyclomine Hydrochloride and 1000 nos of Nitrajepam tablets from Jinjiram. They were handed over to the police for further investigation.
K.Kharmalki, Branch Manager of Meghalaya Rural Bank, Wahiajer urged the people to try to save as much as they can and to encourage them to save money for the sake of the future.
Sukhdeep Sangwan who has brought about great changes in this school through various initiatives taken over the years.
Zikzak BDO D.Hajong also delivered a speech.
The President of KAS said that in the past years people didn't know it well, but now people don't know the office bearers of KAS but they know KAS and this is the shape of KAS. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Dr. DRL Nonglait.
In his short speech, the President said that the party will continue to provide assistance to this household in the future in cases of need, as well as to other households in need.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: The Publicity Secretary of the National League for Democracy (HNLC), Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw, in a statement today, has admitted that he has spoken to SP M Kharkrang via email. and why it is too late to arrest former Home Minister Roshan Warjri.
Shillong, July 13: U Bah MH Dkhar President of AJYWO has lodged a complaint with the police that in Jaintia Hills there is a company that collects money from the people known as M/s Pala. and the District.
Thus, the ksai that flows through the soups and thiars that stimulate the memory of the information means.
This work has been appointed.
Shillong, August 03: Regarding the eviction order issued by the District authorities of Moulvibazar, Bangladesh, the residents of two villages including Nahar Aslom and Nahar Kailin under the The 12 months of the sixth month which ended in July was only the exercise of police powers.
To strengthen the use of the language, the Prime Minister said that it is not only writing or teaching in schools but the strengthening of the use of the language is through dramas, films, songs and by you're right.
They said that the house and the vehicle were gone after they woke up in the morning and found that the house had been broken into, the money in the plate was gone and the vehicle was gone. The CCTV camera at the Tollgate is 20 miles away.
The HYC wants to make it clear that it has not misled the people or undermined the intention of the Government of Meghalaya to resolve the Sam border between Meghalaya and Assam.
At present, she hopes that the people have learned about politics especially in the MP and she hopes that she will win this election with the support of all the government and the MDA. She said that there will be no problems within the party and there is unity within the party for this MP election and she will continue to help and will not talk about others but will talk about what the party will do.
Many games and singers will be held tomorrow morning at the State Central Library.
“If the Government had looked after them, we who drive commercial vehicles would have been able to carry foreign tourists and Shillong would have been clean,” he said.
Both the parties carried their flags at Ranikor Station to show Dr Mukul Sangma their request for a Civil Sub Division, on his way to the site to open the Ranikor Administrative Unit in Ranikor Block.
In his welcoming speech, the Leader of the Opposition, Bah Lamphrang Blah, said that when he sits on the chair as Deputy Chairman, he should take off the uniform of the party and in running the house. The court shall not be ashamed.
Police have arrested two suspects on Tuesday from Khliehshnong Malki.
At the Art Exhibition, school children from young to old have made toys, games, clothes and others. The proceeds from the exhibition were donated to the school as part of the celebration of the 50th Anniversary or Golden Jubilee of the school.
After returning from the competition, the Governor of Meghalaya honored Shanbor Lyngdoh Nongpuir, in the presence of the DIG of BSF. on the 18th of this month and the Khasi Seng on the 27th of this month.
On the other hand, the government has expressed to the public its work in the implementation of this scheme, at the same time it should ensure that the people who have this MIHS card should not find it difficult to use it.
The HNLC leader said that this has raised doubts on how they can run the factory in the state because they cannot run the factory which has been standing for a long time. Meghalaya is the second poorest country in India.
These colleges will be managed by the Managing Committee but the residents will also have an important role to play.
Shillong, Lber 23: Answering a question by Dikkanchi D Shira, the Minister of State for Electricity, Bah Sngewbhalang Dhar, said that the loss of transformers in the year 2013-2 In 2014-2015 it was 428, in 2015-2016 it was 492 and in 2-16-2017 till June it was
Speaking at the meeting, Dr Ampareen said that it is necessary for government officials to work together with political leaders and they cannot be separated in providing services to the people.
Shillong, Nailur 02: The nurses of NEIGHRIHMS hospital today staged a strike along with other hospital employees in India.
Recently, her group performed a traditional dance at the AdiShauryaParvParakram
Of this amount, the Government has spent T.30,07,815 in 2010, T.34,05,817 in 2011, T.38,61,060 in 2012, T.40,76,240 in T.53,80,721 in 2014, T.39,43,617 in 2015, T.35,42,816 in 2016, T.36,37,821 in 2017, T.30,17,307 in Rs 72,71,227 in 2019, Rs 84,73,371 in 2020, Rs 1,48,57,688 in 2021, Rs 1,94,69,467 in 2022 and Rs 89,45,589 ha year2023.
On this occasion, the names of all the first MLAs who won the MLA elections to the first Legislative Assembly of the State in 1970 were also announced. Hopingstone Lyngdoh, Salseng C Marak, who is still alive.
Speaking to media, the Minister said that this responsibility of the state has been going on for 10 years. in the evening it is the time for the children to sleep.
On Saturday, the BSF troops not only conducted games for the school children from the area but also distributed medicines to more than 200 people in these villages. the residents have benefited.
Defense Minister Amit Shah said the Assam Rifles is the defender of the North East and the country's oldest army full of victories and courage.
He said that these cases were from Delhi and Haryana and they are all in quarantine centres.
Furthermore, the JSU has also found that there is a shortage of staff inside the office, which has affected the people who come to need the work inside the office. and week.
In a statement sent by the Secretary of the Forum, Rev.Dr.EH Kharkongor, he said that the Forum expects that these festivals will run smoothly without any interference. it shall also promote peace and stability in the State.
“About 80 out of 100 of the people of War Jaintia are farmers who have been cultivating only synsar, kwai and tympew since ancient times and until now they still rely on these crops for their livelihood. she does not earn a living to feed her family," the union added.
Regarding the tax and petrol pumps, the government has received a request from the owners of petrol pumps to extend the deadline for payment due to the outbreak of COVID-1 Open.
It was seen that they were so impressed and impressed by the clothes of others that the schools sent the students to wear the salwar kameez instead of teaching them how to dress. At the age of 17, they will learn how to wear a jainsem and not just a frock.
This scheme can be implemented by the village through the work of the state governments.
The Adivasi leaders were surprised to learn that the Syiems, Lyngdohs, Sirdars and others have an Instrument of Accession known as the Annexed Agreement, which has been accepted, approved and signed by the Government of India. on 17th August 1948, with the Hima Khasi States, through the Federation of Khasi States.
Also present on the occasion was the Adviser to the Minister of State for Education, Bah Himalaya Shangpliang.
There are more than 40,000 Rohingya refugees in India, most of them have not received a single FIR to file at any police station that these refugees have no rights, but the Government wants to Even though Myanmar is still in the midst of bloodshed, this action of the BJP not only insults Muslims but especially insults human relations.
The issuance of exploration licenses for scarce and important mineral resources.
Deputy Commissioner, Jagdish Chelani, IAS, said that this is the first time that arm wrestling has been included in the schedule of the Meghalaya Games and the Meghalaya Games have brought many benefits to the athletes. , boys and girls play.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Barrak Valley Circle on Saturday last month held an awards program to recognize the new students for the purpose of continuing their education. Welcome to Khasi Youth in Silchar, Assam.
He said that the state government has provided assistance of T.2 crore to the organizers of the festival.
to write the examination.
“Our position, from the beginning, we have said that we don't want to talk to the Roster System because this Roster System is based on the previous Reservation Policy which is biased.
The death toll has risen to 5 in East Khasi Hills, 2 in West Khasi Hills, 2 in West Khasi Hills and 1 in Ri Bhoi, bringing the death toll to in the entire state.
Other experts also explained about the cultivation of sla sha.
“We don't want to be mere spectators of this genocide of these foreigners.
The Umsning-Jagi Road which is a State Highway we have learned through the media that it should have received funds from ADB but until today we don't know where this project has reached.
Shillong, March 21: The President of India, Pranab Mukherjee, on his first visit to Meghalaya after assuming office, was welcomed at the ALG upper today. Shillong by Air Marshall JS Walia of the EAC. On this occasion, the President took a salute to the Air Force who welcomed him in the presence of the Air Marshall JS Walia. Dr. KK Paul is the head of the state.
According to the plan, the gas pipeline grid will be constructed in five states of the North East including Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Manipur, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Nagaland, Sikkim and Tripura.
The earthquake in Mawksiar has not only happened once but has happened many times and this time it has happened more severely than in the past. The PWD has also worked hard and in the morning, vehicles have been allowed to pass through this road.
These areas, which have been allocated to the BSF by Bah Deilang Shirup Law, are under the jurisdiction of three villages of Nagrabil, Pilangru A and B under the Marwet raid in the country. Flood District.
Qwahati, Naitung 11: On the second day of the North East Zonal Conference, the field units of the Central Bureau of Communication (CDC) launched information activities on government schemes and programs. (CBC).
The release of the 15th payment installment of the PM-KISAN scheme demonstrates the Government of India’s commitment to promote agriculture, empowerment of farmers and ensuring the progress of agricultural enterprises.
In that way, we will be able to understand the wishes of the people and when the Government is formed we will be able to fulfill them.
We urge you to take action on this incident and punish those involved in this incident so that similar incidents will not happen again,” said the petition.
“I urge the paradoh parasnam of the land of Hynniewtrep, parents, young men and women, leaders, village leaders of different villages to come and attend this meeting as the nation itself has done. We request you to attend the meeting where the civil society organizations have demanded the implementation of the ILP as a law to protect the ILP. “It's a great threat to our nation,” said Bah Sawkmie.
This year's section relates to the Budget 2022 of the Union Government recently announced by the Ministry of Finance, with a focus on Meghalaya.
IFFI 53 targets those who haven’t figured out their passion for the film industries and see if they won’t join the delegates and sign up for another upcoming session! Doors will be opened for free cinemas at Joggers Park in Altinho, Ravindra Bhavan in Margao and Miramar Beach.
He said he hoped that Statistics Day would continue to encourage statisticians and job planners for data-based decision making.
In a statement issued today, the Chief Secretary said that as many of the elderly have expressed their difficulties in getting the Car Pass to go to work to get medicines and other necessities. you're a church.
Dr Rani said that there have been people from Shillong who have come for treatment at their HCG hospital and the surgery has been done by machines known as robot surgery. and those who are sick shall be healed quickly.
KSU Nongspung Circle has visited the village and donated to the son of Bandari Shangpliang.
He said that it was during his tenure as Chief Minister that Andhra Pradesh has seen many development projects.
All the States and UTs have approved this method of providing funds to fill the shortfall under the back-to-back loan.
They have to go through many of the laws of such places where they do business, work, and live.
The AMSSANTSA employees' union took this decision after a meeting with the Minister in charge of Education, Rakkam Sangma. you have taken no promise for them.
During the investigation, the members of the union found that these foreign workers had arrived in Mairang village to lay tiles and marble stones in a house and did not have any documents. who are enough.
“This bill will amend the Meghalaya Local Government Act 2013,” he said.
At present, the UDP has four MDCs. Bah Donkupar Sumer, although he has not yet resigned as EM, has left the House today to sit in the opposition.
To make it easier for the people to get the new currency besides banks and post offices, the government has directed all banks to appoint people to deliver this money to the people by appointing to work with banks.
Referring to the Border Area Development on the border with Bangladesh, the Minister said the government is following the guidelines laid down by the Ministry of Home Affairs.
Shillong, Naitung 21: U Zenith M Sangma MLA of the Congress party on Tuesday said that there is a need to continue the talks between Meghalaya and Assam on the border issue. u year.
The Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council has set up six gates to collect revenue from the farmers, which charges 6 tyngka per kilo, to the Assam Forest Department T. 500 per vehicle and to the Assam Police T.
Police have registered a case under Section 21(C) of the NDPS Act.
Meghalaya Chief Minister Conard K Sangma told reporters that all the Chief Ministers of the North East have expressed their concern and are united on this issue. “I have informed the government leaders for the benefit of the people of the North East,” he said.
In his speech, Bah HM Shangpliang IAS, Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Mawsynram Constituency, said that poverty should not be an obstacle to the development of the country. in the study.
People around the world have made it clear that the existing laws are no longer appropriate and therefore cannot solve the problems related to tax matters in today's digital and related era. a globally interconnected economy.
He said that the MCSs have become too busy because they have to do many things.
He raised the issue of resuming uranium mining in Meghalaya.
After independence, the Nizams of Hyderabad decided to remain independent.
The one day program was organized by the Government of Meghalaya in collaboration with the CDP. The training was inaugurated by the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah WMS Pariat who was also the chief guest. The Major was also present.
Bah Balawan has filed a writ petition in the High Court and Kong NG Shylla, Advocate has appeared before him.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) on Saturday announced that the counting of votes in these two constituencies of Meghalaya and other North Eastern states will be held at 19th June.
Regarding the water supply in Shillong is 9.20 million gallons per day in the state, the water supply is adequate and there is no water shortage, the water supply department has a special role to play. to provide water and improvement of equipment is also ongoing.
The Minister informed the House that there are many applications to set up Anganwadi centers in the villages. For the benefit of the children, the government has also implemented a scheme known as the Early Child Development Mission (ECDM).
All of them are working on the road.
He said that there are about 700 minority groups in the country who speak their own languages ​​and of these those whose languages ​​are in danger of extinction are about 27 tyyli which the government has a great concern, on the part of the government wants to preserve them.
Shillong, Nailar 10: Speaking at a meeting of the party in Jirang, Meghalaya Trinamool Congress leader Dr Mukul Sangma said how can MeECL supply electricity to the villages when it itself is in trouble? great.
This second meeting is an addition to the article.
On the other hand, the KSU admits that there has been an offer of money to anyone who provides information on the whereabouts of the KSU members. The KSU has no issue with the police but the KSU asks why the family members of the members have to be intimidated, why the members of the KSU are enemies of the police? To know that the KSU has not harassed the family members of the police, don't start aiding and shu nion even if you are under the law with weapons, because they haven't taken up arms yet. use only the pen, the voice and the words.
According to press releases, the tax is for the period from June 1, 2022 to October 31, 2023.
Speaking to reporters, Conrad said that in his meeting with the Chief Minister of Assam, the Chief Minister said that he had asked the district authorities especially the Superintendent of Police to ensure that such incidents do not occur.
The aim of this group is to help the welfare of the minorities who speak their indigenous languages ​​who play an important role in the development of Meghalaya, said Dr. Bishnu Chowdhury, General Secretary, in a statement.
Shillong, Lber 23: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, today informed that the observers of the MP election have arrived in Shillong and are under forest inspection. bungalow, Lawmall.
At the same time, an incident was reported in Tura.
In Hynniewtrep, Article 370 is irrelevant because the IOA has been forcibly passed, and the witnesses are still there.
Shillong, Iaiong 12: The IG of BSF today met with the people of Jaintia Hills to distribute assistance to the people under the Civic Action Programme. The assistance today is given to the villages of Dawki, Bakur, Hal Thimai, Nayabazar, Nongskhen, Lyngkhat, Nangtyngur, Pyrdwah, Umkrem, Amlimping, Naljuri, Rongkhong, Muktapur, Hawitilla, Amjolong, Amki, Lakra Basti, Hawaii Basti and Nongjuri. I'm with Tishang Basti.
Even the church organizations when they find such people.
The tournament will start on 1st November 2022 and will end before Christmas. There are 16 teams participating in the tournament and the tournament will be held twice a day. Wankhar Secretary Wankhar said that the opening ceremony of the tournament will be attended by the Minister of Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh and Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh MLA of Mawphlang.
Speaking on the occasion, Samla Niman N Shadap Director KIF appealed and urged the young men and women to participate in any Rynsan which promotes the traditional costumes of the Khasi people. of Kan pad in front of the world.
LG Shullai in his book Ki Symboh History and Ri Hynniew Trep writes that “a nation that has lost its geography and history can reach the limits until it can duh and disappear from the face of the earth.
Meanwhile, the MDA meeting held on Tuesday, as stated by the Chief Minister, Cornad K Sangma, has decided to reject the proposal. against the Speaker of the House.
One case, one case from East Jaintia Hills, one case from East Khasi Hills, three cases from Ri Bhoi District and one case from West Garo Hills District. now the total number is 92214 people.
On the occasion of the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi, the KSU has also donated garbage cans to the Nagbah PHC. the people shall be clean.
“The Minister referred to the environmentally friendly lifestyle of the people of Meghalaya and said that this lifestyle goes hand in hand with the environment.
Speaking to SP News Agency, NPP Parliamentary Party Leader Gigur, who is also the Deputy Chief Executive Member of KHADC, said that the UDP will not interfere in the internal affairs of the party. The NPP has 10 members of the KHADC who have won from the party and who have joined the party. there are 11 members in the 30-member House.
The candidates are Martamlin Pyrbot, Michael Kharsyntiew and Mariahom Kharkrang, all three of whom have joined the BJP this year.
On the other hand, the CEM of KHADC said that the weather conditions are still such that the meeting will not be held for many days.
The body will be taken to Nongum, West Khasi Hills on 26.10.2016 at 11 pm and the funeral service will be held on 27.10.016 at 2.00 pm. today at the Nongum Presbyterian Church.
"“As Yoga Day approaches, I am sharing videos that provide information about various Asanas and their benefits.
Regarding this, the state government through the Finance Department has taken action to seek clarification regarding this issue to remove the misunderstanding from the people. The opinion of the people and the RBI has also given the explanation as requested by the state government.
Banteidor said that as an MDC and Chairman of the Khasi Traditional Medicine Commission, he has played a major role in protecting, nurturing and preserving many people. The blessings to mankind that God has given us through Mother Nature, because Mother Nature not only gives us food and drink but we must not forget that they have blessings. He said that it is the duty of each and every one of us to protect the environment. He urged us not to destroy the environment. don't have your own Respondent.
He said that in his opinion, Bah Nasar Marwein is a man who keeps his promise and a man who holds the foundation of the party. ready to accept what the party decides.
They are the same people if they go to the fields to cut down dead trees or to cut down the crops they are demanded money and if they don't pay the money they can't go home they are arrested. he can no longer listen to the silence that causes the people to stir up.
The Autonomous District Council is headed by an Executive Committee.
On behalf of the Federation of Khasi States, we are working closely with the Government of India to implement these agreements and commitments to a partyless Council.
He said that due to the large number of reasons, he as the MLA of Nongpoh himself had to go to ensure that the planning should be in front of the NEC. and to the Ministry of DoNER to receive the funds.
That is why we want the District Council to expedite the date and announce the Lyngdoh election in the Hima Sohiong,” he said.
Arunachal Pradesh has received T.3.25 crore, Assam has received T.5.00 crore, Manipur, Nagaland, Mizoram and Tripura have received T.3.00 crore. Rs.1.75 crore.
Besides the speech of the Chief Guest, Bah PN Syiem, CEM, KHADC, the Tirot Singh Award will also be presented to the famous singers produced by the Hima and also to the students who have achieved success in their studies. in different results.
“Alleging that the Assam Government will continue to express its views, the Chairman of the Forum said, “In the investigation of the Assam Government there are three reasons why it expresses its views.
Dr Mukul Sangma told reporters that peace and stability on the border between Meghalaya and Assam is important because peace has returned and what is important is that people should have closeness. each other.
Shillong, November 14: The demand for a Khasi Jaintia State (HSPDP) has risen to Delhi by holding a protest at Jantar Mantar to convey this demand to the Central Government.
Shillong, November 07: The office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District will hold a public meeting at his office to explain how to use the pet store without paying money. The ceremony was held at the District Library Auditorium, Nongpoh.
Shillong, Nailar 19: The Dorbar Shnong of Shillong has honored Hamylliende Talang, son of Pynskhem Talang and Skhemmon Biam for passing the Agriculture Research Scientist Examination Agriculture Scientist Recruitment Board, New Delhi.
He said that there are many students who apply for many jobs, and if the examination center and date come at the same time, it will make it difficult for the students to go to the examination centres, because the students have paid. you can't thepkam.
On the other hand, KHNAM said that the Ministry of Human Resources Development, according to a letter No.D.O.No1-4/2018-IS-3, MHRD, New Delhi, sent on all State Governments and Union Territories to make rules on this and the State Governments have to respect this rule.
According to information received, the students have been standing in line since early morning after the college authorities informed that only 150 forms will be distributed on the 24th and 25th. and another 200 on January 26, 2023.
Others who attended the event were HM Marwein Principal of the school.
The opening speech was delivered by Dr. RR Gowloog, Head Office, Shillong. She welcomed the Rangbah Shnong, Village Authorities, Raid and Hima. and especially to the Chief Guest, Bah John F Kharshiing, for his willingness to participate in such a programme, and said that it is necessary to research to know the ways of life of the unique ethnic groups. investigate whether they have been changing in their ways of life or are they still following exactly the traditional ways today, it is also necessary to find out the possible reasons for the loss of ways of life those of specific communities.
He said that the distribution of medicines by the organization in this 6th Anniversary is a sign not only to kill diseases or to prevent COVID-19, but also as part of the medicine to kill to the spirits of deceit, handshakes and strife among our people.
Referring to other demands such as the IAY scheme, AAY said the government follows the rules laid down by the central government and if they are entitled to receive it they should receive it.
The Meghalaya government has also announced and requested the investigation team to submit the evidence before the investigation team.
This self-production of oxygen in these hospitals will meet the daily requirement of oxygen in these hospitals and within the districts.
There is also an ESI scheme for employees in case of illness. This is also not available. Overtime work has been found to be non-existent in the state especially in the Road Construction Department of the Meghalaya Government.
It may be mentioned that the Sohra Ecological Restoration Project implemented during 2010-2011 to 2015-2016 has taken up some activities and in continuation Natural Resource Improvement Intervention Project has cropped up as a scheme for the promotion of eco -tourism in the areas.
In terms of the number of deaths per 10 million inhabitants, India has the highest number of deaths per 10 million inhabitants.
The meeting was conducted by Bah RL Thabah President, prayer was conducted by Bah K Ryntathiang and speech was delivered by Bah Starwin Kharjana.
Shillong, July 11: The President of the National People's Party (NPP) Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the victory of Meghalaya is due to the misrule of Dr Mukul Sangma. Try.
Shillong, July 28: The demand for Mawsynram Civil Sub Division has been made 20 years ago since 1993 and the documents have been submitted from time to time to the Mawsynram Civil Sub Division. the government and they are still following up on this demand.
Nongsiej is the Chairman of the present House and is the 24th Chairman of the KHADC since the District Council came into being in
L Marngar told SP News Agency that they have received permission from the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District for their protest to be held tomorrow morning in Shillong. The government has asked the government to increase the salaries of SSA teachers as they do the same job.
Shillong, Nailar 23: The strike by the workers who lost their jobs in the rural medicine industry due to malaria has started today by staging an indefinite strike in front of the office of the Ministry of Home Affairs. The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Laitumkhrah, Shillong.
The MDA, which includes the NPP, PDF, HSPDP, BJP and UPF, has 40 MLAs in the 59-member Assembly. Shira did not vote because he did not conduct the election.
Prof Dinabandhu Sahoo, Director IBSD, said that the environment in the area has been deteriorating suddenly due to climate change because people have misused the environment for profit. put people in this northeast corner of us at risk.
In his congratulations, Bah Vincent Pala, MP said that he has done his best to assist the leaders of the rulers of the raids and himas in New Delhi and at the request of the rulers he has asked for a date and time. Shri Rajnath Singh, Minister of Home Affairs, Government of India, for three months now and until now I have not had time to meet him.
Shillong, Nailur 26: The Meghalaya Deaf Association (MDA) has requested the government to assist them in the field of scholarships. Speaking to reporters, MDA President Ferdinand Lyngdoh said that there are about 8000 people in Meghalaya with this disability.
In light of the imminent weather threat, authorities emphasize the importance of preparedness.
He said that the Hima will try to find ways and means to get back the xanad.
The Prime Minister said that they hope that it will be operational in the first month of November 2022. On the same day, he also visited the Engineering College of the Government which is under construction. you are in Mawlai.
The HYC has handed over the statue of Syiem Tirot Singh to the Riti Academy.
The Sabhyaga scheme belongs to the Central Government and for this reason the union wants to resolve these issues regarding the implementation of Sabhyaga in the state. The scheme has been implemented since 2018.
At this meeting, the Secretary of the MPSC told the KSU leaders that the MPSC is only the supervisor of this work which belongs to the Forest Department. this to the Government Forest Department.
The shortage of personnel within the Police Department has put the police in a difficult situation.
On this occasion, supporters of the Congress party from all over the country came to this mass protest to show that they are with the party leader in this difficult time he is facing and pray for him.
Thus, according to the Rules of the AD Rules 1951, the KHADC has its own CEM.
Shillong, July 29: The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, MS Rao today issued a notice that all government employees should be vaccinated as soon as possible.
The residents have informed former Ranikor MLA Martin M Danggo about the incident.
We thank God for the progress of the Church in this Diocese of Shillong.
Shillong, Lber 27: The Governor of Meghalaya, Ganga Prasad, today rejected the Village Administration Bill 2014 which was passed by the Legislative Assembly on It was revised on 30.5.2015 by the House and sent back to the Governor for approval.
In the petition, the government has said that those who appoint MDCs to the three district councils, KHADC and Garo Autonomous District Council (GHADC), should be persons who have been appointed. tbt especially in education, outstanding athletes who have represented the state to the country or the world.
“Why is this land tenure system here different from other parts of India?” asked Bah Kynta.
BSF said Commandant Tyagi was the last survivor of the 1971 war in Killapara in a clash with Pakistani troops on the border at that time. Pakistani troops have been arrested.
The Election Commission's SVEEP program includes Enrollment & Voting, EVM-VVPAT. , and to publicly explain the voting process.
He said that in Grade IV which is only for Class VI and above those who have passed Degree can also apply or the time will come when those who have passed Master or Ph.
Before the burning of the tyngshops, HANM President Lamphrang Kharbani said that the government should send its own army to strengthen the operation like in other states. The Meghalaya government has been a slave to the Assam government for the past 50 years.
Through this Act, the State Government has paved the way to make our State a State where people will know it as a “Gambling State” or “State of Empty”.
These customs related to shun show that not only does shun have the power to heal through words or prayers, but it also has the power from itself to heal as in the case of or pait doh, when it comes from the counting of the count or from the ur that falls, which is mixed with the shynrai to stir up the phyllung.
Bah Nongtdu said that this block which was opened in 2022 has 56 villages and now these villages are in trouble where to go, the government has already taken over the house but it has been closed down. .
It was on 20/01/1972 that Meghalaya was declared a full state and it was inaugurated on 16/03/1972 at Madan Polo.
There are many newly opened hotels, homestays and restaurants.
Shillong, Nailar 25: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Upper Shillong Circle has given its full support to the Dorbar Bah of the Union of Village Authorities of Upper Shillong on 26/8/2017 at 11 am at Umlyngka Square. Regarding the border crossing of MUDA in Upper Shillong.
The HYC leader expressed his regret to learn that many of the shopkeepers complain that their children do not get jobs while the shops in the market have been given to other ethnic groups. The shopkeepers in the market are of other nationalities.
I immediately phoned Betty Jyrwa, President of HANM Women's Wing.
On the welfare of the farmers, Thakur said it was the present Government that had implemented the report of the Swaminathan Committee.
In another match of the U-18 I-League Shillong, Shillong Lajong will face Rangdajied on the 19th of this month.
Speaking on the occasion, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, who is also the Chairman of DRDA, said that the area of ​​the site is 2300 feet. .78.58 lacs.
On the other hand, the UDP leaders at a meeting held on November 20, 2012 at Kenmynsaw, expressed their deep sorrow over the backwardness of the area in all aspects.
: The body of Bah Kynsailin Kharphanbuh, alias Ieid Bahïit, resident of Lummawbah, Block-3, Upper Shillong, who went missing since the 1st of this month at about 11:00 pm, has been found. The villagers have been searching for the Umshyrpi bridge since the day he did not return home.
The Union Minister in charge of Jal Shakti, Gajendra Singh Sekhawat today approved an allocation of T.465 crore to these states.
He said that the government has taken many measures to help even though Meghalaya has not yet reported any cases of this disease.
Now, the young men and women of the country aged 18 to 22 years have come to honor the country in various sports.
Speaking to reporters, he said that the death toll in the past four days due to the heavy rainfall has risen to 12, 5 are still missing and 4 are injured. , these are the only ones available.
He said that the department has already appointed a department inquiry to investigate these allegations and after receiving the report, the department will inform again.
Patel has done heroic deeds in rebuilding India as a whole, and Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said that this is the new India.
“Happy Behdeiñkhlam to all the people of Jaintia Hills”.
The relationship between the children and the father cannot bring the fruit of understanding if the father ignores the demands of the children without listening to their requests. Children who have responsibility for the household, when the light is dark, they cannot help but show their father's rights in order to overcome the darkness which is the danger that enemies from outside can enter and leave. However, the vision of the children for the best in uniting the country and the nation to protect the land full of milk and honey is essential. church now.
On this occasion, GK Pillai, former Union Home Secretary of India, was honored for his hard work and his team. publication of the 2011 census.
“want to bring a strong force of small farmers to the markets by bringing them under thousands of FPOs," he said.
"By providing training on the law and a deep understanding of the law, the NLU will empower the students to become social changers," he said.
The Government will issue a new information and it will be taken together so that such a crisis will not happen in the past 51 years.
The awards were presented by the Chairman of the Rangbah Shnong Nongthymmai Pyllun, Bah Bantylli Nari Nari.
Shillong, Lber 09: The President of Bangladesh, Md. Abdul Hamid, today arrived in Shillong and was welcomed at the helipad at Upper Shillong by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and the Governor. of the state of Ganga Prasad.
Shillong, Lber 03: Speaking in the Legislative Assembly today on the opening day of the Budget Session for the year 2017-2018, U Governor of Meghalaya, Banwarilal Purohit, said that Meghalaya now has The map of the railway line from Duhnoi-Mendipathar to Gauhati in North Garo Hills District.
Also present on the occasion were the Rangbah Shnongs of Moojem, Deinler and Moolain.
Jowai, Nailar 25: The Sajarnangli Fishing Competition was held at the CTC Orchid Inn Thadlaskeiñ on Saturday. To preserve and remember the name of Who Sajar Nangli who dug this Pung who was the commander of the Jaintia King hundreds of years ago, Who Sajar together with his soldiers dug CTC Orchid Inn Thadlaskeiñ together with the children of Raij Mukhla have organized this Pung to promote and spread the fame and glory of Sajar Nangli. The winner of the fish fishing competition ` 7,00.000/- was awarded 5 lakh tyngka ` 7,00.000/-. The fishing competition was held on Saturday 24th November Rawon from different villages of Meghalaya and some from Assam took part in the festival.
Furthermore, 116 NDPS cases were registered in 2022 and this increased to 189 in 2023 while 13 cases were registered in the first two months of
Dr. Nirmalya Bagchi, Chairperson and Member of the Advisory Council, CIPS, Hyderabad Dr. Anjali Hazarika; Valli Manickam, Director CIPS & Dean of Research and Management Studies, ASCI, Hyderabad and Secretary, Department of Administrative Reforms and Public Grievances, Government of India V Srinivas.
In a letter to the drivers of commercial vehicles in Mairang, Bah A.Nongbri has directed that all drivers of commercial vehicles should get injected as part of their prevention. Drivers should also wear masks when there are passengers in their vehicles.
During the meeting, these officials from the Army and Police Department discussed many issues related to their work, how to maintain peace and order.
All parents of the winners are requested to attend.
Whether the current CEM has the majority to continue his post and whether there will be more majority will be revealed tomorrow. Shillong, Naitung 10: Due to the delay of the GOI and MHA to implement the NCST order, the Government of India in April 2012, and after many reminders from the The Chairperson, NCST to the Union Minister of Home Affairs, Government of India, and after writing, meeting, and going through all the channels of this Government of India to urge the Government of India to implement the agreements. According to the decision taken recently, the FKS office has already prepared a complaint to be sent to the Secretary General. John F Kharshiing, Spokesperson, FKS, recently submitted a letter of reminder to the Joint Secretary Ministry of Home Affairs, New Delhi on 4 June
Referring to the statement of Deputy Speaker Timothy Shira on the BJP, Ernest Mawrie said that this statement is a personal statement which he does not want to say.
Ampareen Lyngdoh MLA of the area said that the fire broke out at around 5 pm and the fire brigade arrived in time to extinguish the fire.
Shillong, November 26: Twenty-one students from Hyderabad who came to complete their studies with the support of the KSU today honored the leaders of the KSU at Shillong Club to express their gratitude. gratitude.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah S Nongtnger congratulated the Dorbar Shnong Lad Rymbai Dongwah for bringing in such a program and urged the residents to cooperate with the village authorities for the purpose of bringing about a cleanliness. morning inside the village inside the house.
The two victims were identified as Susish Bisawa, who died recently, and Papu Kumar Yadev, who died on arrival in Shillong for treatment.
This is not the first time that the clashes between the people and the army have happened from time to time involving the army who have been occupying the area from time to time. from time to time on the part of the military.
However, now to be accused by the MLA of being poor affects their dignity and their family.
Lajong FC will miss Jibon Singh after being red carded against Mohun Bagan, while defender Wailadmi Passah will also be ruled out of the match. yellow card.
The writings of Soso Tham reflect and express all the facts according to the stages of life. The Khasi Khara live together with nature.
Shillong, July 16: Police of East Khasi Hills District today arrested two drug traffickers from one state to another and seized heroin worth up to T.3 crore.
“This game is different because of this,” said Cornad.
The BJP has not yet received any candidate to contest from Shillong and Tura although it has decided to contest alone without any political party.
Shillong, November 15: The Citizenship Amendment Bill 2019 has been passed in the Lok Sabha after the BJP Government failed to listen to the requests of the minorities and due to the majority in Parliament. 9th December 2019 and passed in the Rajya Sabha on 12th December 2019 and received the signature of the President of India on 13th December 2019, and thus the CAB 2019 has now become law in throughout India, except for a few states with ILP and Sixth Schedule areas.
Today, the government is known for its far-reaching economic and social decisions," he said.
“The BJP's target of winning 400 seats is only a call to the people of India,” Pala said, “We have 540 MPs. The BJP needs 362 to 370 members, for which they have announced
They want this bridge to also be for the next generation.
According to information received today, the MLA of the area said that the storm struck at about 4 pm when most of the people were still asleep, but Until today, no news has been received to say that there will be a tragic incident involving human life.
During the inspection, MeECL officials in charge of the sub station said that the 33 KV line was temporarily operational, but after a few months it has not been operational due to the collapse of the signs. It is run from the forest and for more than 6 years it has been operating on only 11 KV and this has created difficulties in providing electricity to the people of the area.
Regarding the allegation against the leaders of KSU SWKHD, JACSO and LYWA, the JAC does not take them as an allegation but accepts that they are too young to be leaders, but they just want to lead by force. Without having a strong mind, the emergence of such leaders confuses the people and confuses the village because they themselves are not enough and start turning to others.
The passing away of Dr Donkupar Roy is a great loss to the state.
The Executive Committee of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has approved these Jaintia script on 25/ October 2021 during the Budget Session. on 20/November/ 2022, after 17 months.
The Government will take all necessary measures in due course to punish those people involved in the illegal mining of coal which is unacceptable.
Tura, July 14: All the organizers of the 5Meghalaya Games 2024 which will start tomorrow morning in Tura have arrived today and the team of athletes has also arrived.
It doesn't mean that I sleep all day, but I lose sleep for the development of the village,” said Shylla.
Therefore, before you get to the kha, you need to tipkur tipkha first at your relatives' house to avoid the thlen or bam u khla as the ancestors said.
“We also make it clear that as the party and all its members, we are ready to fight by any means to ensure that the Government of India or the State Government should not be allowed to try to save “It is better for us to fight now than to allow the Jaidbynriew to die and perish through this uranium mine,” said the statement.
The police department should ensure that the law is equal to all and there should be no discrimination against one ethnic group and this will bring confidence in the police department,” he added.
He said that the introduction of many treatment methods will pave the way for the fight against diseases.
The Chief Minister congratulated the officers and the District Administration who have worked hard to help in these days of natural disaster. If you have a DC, please contact CM Connect
Shillong, Nailur 12: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday said that some of the ration distributors in the district have set a date for the distribution of ration. This is because if they cannot collect the ration on these days, they will lose their right to receive the ration.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister of Assam, although he has a strong opinion, said that he personally has no enemies. Regarding Bijoya Chakrovorty, Gogi said he had nothing against anyone.
This brings the total number of cases in Meghalaya to 43 from
Meanwhile, the BJP Youth Wing, BJYM celebrated Christmas at Reid Chest, TB Hospital Shillong where the leaders of the party also met with the patients, families and staff of the hospital. ai treatment.
Shillong, Nailur 30: The KSU Lawbah Border Area Circle under the leadership of Samborlang Shabong, President of the KSU today visited the CHC at Mawsynram.
The Prime Minister congratulated the group for showing their talent even in the midst of the difficulties they faced to reach their goal. the power to bring people together.
Therefore, he encouraged the boys and girls not to play just to waste their time, but to set themselves the goal of reaching other levels, that is, to rise from the top. from district to state and also at the national level.
The Chief Minister on this occasion distributed the checks to the working groups under the FOCUS scheme. Thomas A Sangma, Chief Secretary Marcuse N Marak, Principal Secretary and CEO of MBDA Sampath Kumar and DC Ram Singh.
In fact, the government should not allow schools to continue their education because online classes are not useful because if there is internet, there are those who do not have mobiles and if there are those who do not have mobiles, there is no internet. This was reported by the Minister in charge of the Ministry of Education.
Prof. Kumari has been teaching for 45 years and has taught in India and abroad. I'm a teacher in English subject.
The Government of India through Letter No. 32-7/2011-NDM-I dated 16th July 2012 has amended the allocation of assistance through the State Disaster Response Force and the National Disaster Response Force in accordance with the recommendation of the Thirteenth Commission. However, it is surprising that the assistance does not reach the households who deserve it.
On receiving this information, the team led by the SDPO of Chokpot and accompanied by the Circle Inspector Sardar, OC of Chokpot, rushed to the scene at 1.15 pm. and the police force.
“In these schools, especially in the Lower Primary Schools, the children have to sit crowded due to the lack of adequate seats.
When the BSF troops took the money to the SBI Bank in Baghmara, they found that most of the money was counterfeit.
At this meeting, the Minister was informed about the various projects to be implemented by the Power Sector Companies like NEEPCO and Power Grid.
Ministers of the Meghalaya Government who will accompany the Chief Minister during the meeting with the Planning Commission of India include both Deputy Chief Ministers Dr RC Laloo and Bah Rowell Lyngdoh. and Mr. Prestone Tynsong, along with officers.
We have to say something about the violence, the religious hatred, the damage to homes and property and the search for violence,” said Bah JA Lyngdoh. .
The Minister was accompanied by MDC Malki-Laitumkhrah Constituency Fantin J. Lakadong, Director Health Department Dr R Ally, DM&HO Dr Shakina Lyngdoh and office bearers of the Dorbar. Nongmensong Village with ASHAs. As it is, in all the districts of Shillong there is a problem of drug addiction, in the same way in Nongmensong villages are facing the same problem.
This is also higher than the average debt of other North Eastern and Rural States which was 29.32% in 2016-1
The question is since when has there been a notification from the State Government according to the CPC and CrPC to come into force.
Tura, July 30: Speaking at the festival of traditional heritage held at Betasing, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government has decided to make Meghalaya the centre. tourism.
This is especially true for those who wear school uniforms or those who wear ID cards of the school and if found anywhere, the Seng will take strong action.
Such allegations are often made in the course of the Sengbhalang leaders who work honestly and honestly who do not allow or be deceived by selfish interests. “It's time to think about the dignity of human beings,” said Galacstone Khongshling Vice President.
Before concluding the meeting, the Union of Catholic Women also held a memorial service for the souls of the deceased who lost their lives in the bloodshed in Manipur which has been going on for three years. for 3 months.
The main issues faced by the farmers are the lack of water, the lack of seeds, the lack of fertilizer, the lack of price of mur, the lack of kilos. , lack of markets except the Iewduh, lack of implementation of crop insurance policy, low price of synsar, lack of laws for farmers, lack of border markets, lack of lack of storage facilities for agricultural products, lack of seeds, lack of proper roads to farmland and many others.
When the insurgency broke out in Punjab, he was sent to Punjab to fight and here too he showed his courage to fight the insurgents.
The problems in the border areas cannot be resolved with the understanding that some will win and others will lose in the border dispute, but with the understanding that the residents of both sides of the State need each other. and they interact in everyday life.
Special consideration will be given to those who have completed a degree in physical education.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: U Prestone Tynsong Symbut, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today said that the government will issue the forms to register students and those working abroad from the North Eastern State tomorrow. that they would fill if they wanted to return home.
Jowai, July 02: Jowai Police on Tuesday arrested a man named Sumarlang Lytep on suspicion of robbery. he owns illegal guns.
This was discovered by the leaders of KSU Umdohlun Circle during an inspection of the PHC last month under the leadership of Samla Dusterwell K. Lyngdoh. President of KSU Umdohlun Circle.
They demanded that the government should appoint them all and then they will hold the strike.
From the discussion that in Khasi Hills there are two parts urban and rural areas and in the rural areas they have their own way of doing and managing and during this visit he said that he has learned a lot about this, The allocation of funds is up to the State Government and not to the Central Government.
This code will also be sent via SMS to those who are due for vaccination after they have been scheduled for vaccination.
they receive money and are given free training courses.
The meeting was a milestone in the relations between India and Bangladesh where the cooperation to promote trade and cooperation between the two countries was clearly demonstrated.
Shillong, March 23: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has completed the construction of houses on Sohpet Bneng Hill to serve as a place to treat and plant herbal medicines on the land. .
There were 140 recipients of the Police Medals for Gallantry (PMG), 93 recipients of the President's Police Medals for Distinguished Service and 668 recipients of the Police Medal for Meritorious Service.
This is a democratic country, we have the right to elect our own people, we have the right to work during elections and we also have the right to live in our own villages. ," said Dr. Jasmine.
At this meeting, the officers expressed their support to KS Kropha and his family in this difficult time.
Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Rituraj Ravi, in a statement sent to the media on Tuesday, said that the police have arrested Bah Ebakordor Nongpluh, 26 years old. Shillong and Bah Tarson Lymba, 58, of Dawki on Saturday night for allegedly detonating an IED bomb near the Syndicate Bus Stand in Iewmawlong.
Although the Seng has urged the authorities to do so, the Chief Minister has written to the Ministry of Communications on this issue and will introduce the Khasi and Garo languages.
The GSU has alleged that the officer of the DSO of East Garo Hills has not done what the people need. They have written to the DC to remove this officer from this office but since then their demand has not been met.
Shillong, Lber 28: The National Women Commission (NWC) today held a meeting on women's rights in Shillong with the participation of many leaders of the city.
This treatment differs from injection therapy to kill the virus.
Johnny Nongrum, a mixed martial artist from Madhya Pradesh, defeated Farid in 8 seconds on the opening day of the Yolo Carnival. The WFC will be held on 15th November at Kurkalang Stadium, Ri Bhoi District.
According to the complaint lodged by the mother of Nongkhlaw, she alleged that her eldest son Markarius Nongkhlaw had robbed the house and shot and beat her. Markarious's brother was shot dead.
The creation of employment opportunities for the youth so that they can easily go abroad is important for the rulers to work hard and especially the return of many people from the state. The most important issue is how to get income opportunities after the restoration of order.
Umtrai PHC, in a meeting with the staff of this government health centre, the staff expressed the problems they are facing in terms of accommodation because the accommodation has been destroyed, the trees have been destroyed. the doors were broken, the doors were broken, and other things.
It is to be recalled that the land for the construction of the office of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare at Madan Siahrang, Wapungskur was donated by Phoida Rymbai I from Wapungskur on the 23rd of this month. 11/1983 to the Dorbar Shnong Wapungskur in which in a document approved and signed by Kong Phoida Rymbai, it was clearly stated that the land will be used for the construction of the The Public Service Office of the State Government Health Department at Wapungskur Village and from Wapungskur Village the site was handed over to the Health Department at Wapungskur Village. with the participation of other neighboring Waheh Shnongs and Nongialam Shnongs at that time.
“Internet that began as a force of good has today become vulnerable to various types of complex user harms like catfishing, cyber stalking, cyber trolling, gaslighting, phishing, revenge porn, cyber-flashing, dark web, women and children, defamation, cyber -bullying, doxing, salami slicing, etc and there is an urgent need for a specialized and dedicated adjudicatory mechanism for online civil and criminal offences,” the Minister observed.
According to the findings, there is no evidence that you are exposed to EMF radiation from mobile towers.
The first states to do so are Gujarat and Assam.
The training was held today at Umsning Square, near the main road.
Shillong, May, 31: A review meeting was held on Friday by the Minister of Revenue and Disaster Management Kyrmen Shylla which was attended by Sanjay Goyal, IAS, Commissioner & Secretary, M.War Nongbri, IAS, Secretary, Revenue and Disaster Management department , and other government officials from SDMA.The focus of the meeting was on detailed review of various aspects of disaster management, particularly in connection with the recent Cyclone Remal and its aftermath.
Erwin said that all this depends on the wisdom of the Minister of Home Affairs to do before the peace and order deteriorates. “It will be a sign to other residents to come forward and speak out on this issue,” said Bah Erwin K Syiem Sutnga Muktiar in a letter to the Minister of Home Affairs.
The meeting was convened by Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh in Shillong in preparation for the upcoming elections to ensure that the members and leaders of the NPP will participate in the Lok Sabha elections in Jaintia Hills. to be next year.
These entertainment venues will be open to delegates and non-delegates during the festival.
MD Pathology, which started in 2009, was recognized by the MCI in 2012 and 15 post-graduate students have completed their degrees from the department and have become faculty. in Pathology, Consultant Pathologists in renowned hospitals and some who have completed higher education such as DM in Clinical Hematology, Fellowship in Molecular Hematology and so on in renowned institutions. .
At the same time, the SP said that they are still in the meeting and cannot be announced.
On the other hand, the party urges the government to provide adequate assistance to the members of the rebel groups who have come to surrender before the government. you're crying.
He said that the protection of the border, besides development works on the border, the relationship with the villagers on the border will be of utmost importance, said the Inspector General of BSF Meghalaya Frontier.
and they dwelt in Mawblei.
Shillong, Naiwieng 09: The Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Jambor War, in charge of the Elaka Department, in reply to a question by Bah Gabriel Wahlang on the Himas which have and do not have laws, said that There are 19 Hima which have laws and 35 which have not yet laws.
We must all work together and at the same time we must look for other ways.
Bhismaknagar, located near Roing in the lower Dibang Valley district, is mentioned in the Kalika Purana.
“We also expect the MDA government under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma as the Chief Minister to do the same,” he said.
At the same time, he said the party has also sent a letter to the Chairman of the MSEC, Prof. Sherwin May Sungoh on the demand for the relocation of 12,541 thousand students. SSA teachers from the State Implementation Society (SIC) to the Education Department of the State Government in accordance with the provisions of the Right to Education Act and the SSA. Education Commission after the strike of SSA teachers in Shillong.
The parking of vehicles has been banned but only a few vehicles have been allowed to be recognized by the government authorities. I'll tip you.
This reduction in the tax rate will help the farmers during this harvest season after they have worked hard even in the midst of the lockdown.
Shillong, July 17: US President Donald Trump has announced that July will be the month of liberation of human beings from human trafficking. enacted the U.S. Trafficking Victims Protection Act of
The articles clearly state that there should be no discrimination in the workplace between fellow employees, give freedom to people to decide for themselves and not to force them. articles written and carried by AIM supporters at a public meeting in Motphran.
In the struggle to double the income of farmers by 2022, the following measures have been taken by the Central Government through the implementation of the “Krishi Udaan” scheme by the Ministry of Aviation. This will be especially true for the Northeastern States and Tribal Districts.
At present in Meghalaya there are still many contractors but there are no real farmers. This meeting will help a lot to the people who work in their own jobs because in this meeting I believe that they receive a detailed explanation of how to conduct business transactions.
The Minister said that there are three sites proposed to the government, one by the Union of Rangbah Shnongs Mawlai Mawsiatkhnam, Mawlai Mawtawar and Mawpat. the good of the people.
The union also wants to ask why the AMD has appointed the DC to be the spokesperson on this issue and I feel that she should explain to the public so that we can understand everything.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister urged the cooperatives to use the money they have raised to start another project.
The President of the party, Ribok Diengdoh, in a video statement sent to the media on Tuesday, said, “Tomorrow (Tuesday) at 12 noon I will arrive at Sohra Police Station.
Then it can direct the state government to take action.
On this occasion, the prizes were distributed by the Women's Church Leaders and the Elders of the Church.
Each year, students can choose over 80 learning offerings in order to personalize the learning experience and meet their interests, learning reception styles and career goals to work.
The Minister of Home Affairs said that the North East will grow with good roads and technology.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District today announced that a curfew has been imposed from 10 PM to 8 AM tomorrow morning. or neighborhood.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister urged the people to work together for the peace and stability of the state.
In a step to improve telecom connectivity in the region, Prime Minister Duh handed over 4G mobile towers to the country, of which more than 320 have been completed and about 890 are under construction.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, M War Nongbri (IAS) today announced that shops in Shillong will be open for four days on the 20th, 21st, 22nd and 23rd of this month. June 2020 shops will be open from 9.00 am to 4.00 pm.
This is the statement of Samla Pauldeep Tongwah, Secretary, Employment and Development Cell KSU South West Khasi Hills District.
After her father’s death, Yano took on the responsibility of providing for the family.
Donald Thabah General Secretary, KSU was inaugurated on 13th November 2019 at Tlongpleng Village Council. Also present at the inauguration ceremony were the Rangbah Shnong of Tlongpleng, The meeting was conducted by Bah Armanroy Rangdkhew, Asst General Secretary, KSU, Marcony Thongni, Finance Secretary, KSU SWKHDU. KSU Tlongpleng Unit consists of Planling Snaitang as President, Banshemphang Snaitang, Vice President, Ïalamlang Stiemlieh General Secretary, Amplias Syiemlieh Assistant General Secretary, Shainingstar Snaitang Organizing Secretary and Shinning Syiemlieh Finance Secretary.
“We can no longer understand the purpose (of the No Confidence Motion), because it was brought suddenly and in the past four years, the EC has been working smoothly without any interference,” he said. he said.
“We will continue to work even harder in the weeks leading up to Election Day.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The People's Democratic Front (PDF) today launched its manifesto for the 2018 elections. you get a book and others.
The speakers who attended the event explained the theme and urged the youth not to hide the problems they face at home, at school, college, or in their relationships. they will escape consequences, because nowadays many young people take their own lives.
The Prime Minister of Thailand has congratulated the Prime Minister on his victory in the recent elections in India.
Minister Duh stressed that in the previous budgets, the Government has tried to reduce India's dependence on other countries and stressed on the role of those who have hands in these works.
He said that if the BJP doesn't have the evidence as it claims, it should come forward and provide the evidence with documents and the government will do what it needs to do, but to allege is wrong. This is true of all political parties or civil society organizations as well. If there are allegations, provide evidence.
Regarding the Mukroh incident, the two state governments of Meghalaya and Assam have suspended the investigation and handed over the case to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI). CBI) in order to get an independent investigation.
There are 693 cases, of which 383 are in East Khasi Hills, 71 in BSF, 70 in Army and 242 in civilians, 3 in West Khasi Hills, 1 in South West Khasi Hills, 100 in Ri Bhoi. 5, East Jaintia Hills 5, West Garo Hills 183, South West Garo Hills 3, South Garo Hills 2 and North Garo Hills
Bansara through the Society for Promotion of Eye Care & Sight has launched the project “The Mobile Refraction Van” in collaboration with Vision for Life-Essilor.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah Maikhel Syiem, who organized the festival, said that this year there are 12 groups who have come to take part in the festival, and one of these groups is from Assam and all these wines are homemade and not imported.
During the celebration, the lyndan chiefs also distributed equipment and assistance to those with disabilities who came to participate in this programme.
KHNAM urges the law enforcement agencies to investigate thoroughly and investigate the people involved and not to arrest the innocent people especially to accuse them of being Khasi.
The union has clearly stated that it is not against the MOU signed with DACE but against if the Khasi students do not get their share. you have requested your own request.
Indian freedom fighters including Lala Lajpat Rai, Mahatma Gandhi and others contributed to the School during the foreign rule.
On the other hand, after the refusal of the FLJGP leaders, the family members and doctors tried to call 108 but it did not reach even two hours. Reginald Thabah Education Secretary of FKJGP immediately rushed to the scene and brought an ambulance to Nazareth Hospital.
The MDC said that it is through these trainings that we can really improve our income, knowledge on agriculture according to the present era and how to improve our work.
He said that if any commercial vehicles are found to be in violation of the rules, they will be punished according to the rules of the law. East Khasi Hills, Shillong.
Participants from all nine states of the North East have performed in their own language as well as in English.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The FKJGP East Khasi Hills District on 13th July 2013, under the leadership of Bah Elton Cliff Warjri President FKJGP EKHD, held a Public Meeting at Nongkrem Village which was also attended by the Longkmie Longkpa, Youth of Nongkrem Village from different villages to hear and learn more about the working methods of the Seng. Kitboklang Nongphlang who is also the Education Secretary of the FKJGP Central Body.
Expressing the belief of the Prime Minister to see differences as an opportunity to learn from them and to develop our strengths, Dr. Mansukh Mandaviya said that the pandemic has taught us to investment in health related assets in each district and block.
In this regard, HANM said in this letter that according to the information of HANM, the money related to this road has already been spent while the work has not been completed.
Police are investigating into the incident and want to know who committed the crime.
The test was conducted at NEIGRIHMS and confirmed by NIV Pune.
It is hoped that the KHADC office has provided these two rules (186.5 and 186.6) on this urgent matter and that the KHADC will do whatever is necessary because the people want to After the end of the current Legislative Assembly, we will know what we should do.
Shillong, November 17: The Central Government is now ready to remove those Aadhaar cards which have already been issued to people but have not been used for any purpose. the government's funds.
After this curfew, we will see whether the government authorities in charge of this road will repair the NH
They said that the Autonomous Councils in the area are facing financial difficulties because the allocation of funds from the Central Government does not come directly to the Councils. The amendment to the Sixth Schedule has placed the Councils under Article 280 regarding the allocation of funds from the Central Government which has to go through the State Governments.
The Inter-State Council meeting will be chaired by the Chief Minister of the country, and the topics to be discussed at the meeting will be on four issues: The Punchhi Commission on the relationship between the States and the Central Government, the use of Aadhaar as a sign of identification in the use of Direct Benefit Transfer for the delivery of government assistance to the people.
Chevinia Lyngdoh, 13, resident of Mawlai Mawiong, who was the winner of the Season-I competition organized by the Don Bosco Media Network recently, has won the title. Vocal Star UK in the Under 18 category.
In Meghalaya, there are four types of millet grown by the people of Meghalaya, in foreign languages ​​known as Finger Milet, Foxtail Milet or Pearl Millet. Miliet, the white squirrel, and Job Tears were called the iong squirrel.
The Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, has reminded that the government has already decided to close the gates of the state from 23rd November to 31st November
The development of trade routes with Bangladesh will further strengthen relations between the two countries.
The total weight of the heroin seized was 137.78 grams of heroin worth T.2,14,075/-. Three men and three women were arrested. A case has been registered at Laitumkhrah Police Station. NDPS Act, No.126(09)2022 U/S 21 (b)/ 25/29 NDPS Act.
The CoMSO wants the government to redefine the term riewlum under the Land Transfer Act, because this Act when the word riewlum includes all the riewlum of India, what they want is The government should bring about change by giving citizenship only to the indigenous people of Meghalaya.
Rishi Barua, Rathin Kanji, Ketaki Choudhury, Seema Barua, Falguni Mukherji, Samita Goswami and Babita Das have exhibited and talked in detail about their works through the ages and about the history of literature in India. .
The government's request for more funds from the House is that what has been allocated in the budget has not been enough to cover the expenses that various government departments have had to spend for the recruitment of jobs within the government department. To adjust the expenditure, the government has asked for more money from the House.
Saibon said that according to Para 1 of the Policy, the special allocation should be taken according to the population of the three ethnic groups in the State, namely between the population of Khasi, Jaintia and Garo.
The judges of the competition were Micky Paul Mawlong and Phrangsngi Lyngdoh Mawphlang.
Referring to the district headquarters, he said that no exact figure has been received yet.
The problem with this memorandum office is that this problem is in the allocation of jobs which has been going on since the beginning. , if you are from Khasi Hills, you can apply.
The Hynniewtrep People Front (HHP) has condemned the Assam police's violence in the village.
“The development of electric vehicles has happened in India as well.
On the same day, the office bearers of Mawsynram Block were elected as President, Vice President, Tross Pde, Assistant Secretary and Treasurer. Melestar Thong.
In fact, the objective of this Committee is to bring peace and stability between the two communities and to find ways and means to resolve the issues related to the border areas.
Shillong, Nailur 12: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has sent his condolences on the passing away of Mawphlang MLA Syntar Klas Sunn.
In this regard, the union strongly opposes the BSF's plan because the presence of the BSF post does not benefit the residents or the neighbours, but will cause disruption in the running of the road. stand up and crowd.
Hundreds of men and women have taken part in the 4th Marathon Race for Tirot Sing Syiem 2019 organized by the HNYF Mairang Sub. -Division Circle, 1st – Young.
Regarding the laws for the youth, Minister Raqngbah Duh referred to the law against the theft of question papers.
Regarding the FIR ordered by the president of the MPUF to the police to register a case against the leaders of the JSU and JYF, I am not surprised by this complaint because they stand on the ground to protect the country. indigenous people against foreigners who come to interfere with the business that the indigenous people can still do themselves, but the seller of the name has to take responsibility if the indigenous traders stand against his protection to foreigners, said these leaders.
The 175th Anniversary of the KJPA was inaugurated today at a function held at the KJPA Mission Compound and the celebration will end on the 20th. Naiwieng this year.
In order to facilitate the speedy resolution of the issues, those persons who have retired from the Office of the Principal Accountant General (A&E) Meghalaya, Shillong are requested to send their names in advance to the O/o the Pr.
When these police arrived with the vehicles carrying jhur from Assam, a petrol bomb and a stone thrown at a Gypsy (ML-02-0198) at Mawlyndep in Ri Bhoi District.
At this public meeting in Jirang, the Prime Minister said that the implementation of the MGNREGS scheme has been poor in the past years.
“It is time for all of us MLAs to look into the shortcomings here and there due to the Coronavirus and if there are shortcomings, they have the right to advise the government authorities,” he said. Lamphang of the Legislative Assembly.
On the other hand, Dr. Mukul demanded that an inquiry should be launched into the alleged lathi charge of HYC members by a Police Officer at Pynursla Police Station.
You have to do this and ensure that the movement of vehicles and people is not disturbed.
Shillong, Nailur 04: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday met with the Director of Higher and Technical Education of the State Government to demand that he should immediately withdraw the government's announcement regarding the the salary of school children where it is said that they do not need an Aadhaar number.
The Vice President of India said that India has the skilled people who can do and do the jobs if there is greater cooperation in the generation of electricity and the efficient use of water from the the agricultural sector for the benefit of farmers in both countries.
The Best Sports winners in the under 14 category were A Lyngdoh Lyngkhoi from West Khasi Hills District, A Chalam from Jaintia Hill District, R Bamon from Jaintia Hill District and D Phawa from Jaintia Hill District. District.
Many VECs have complained about the slow release process which has affected the job card holders.
The office bearers of the Kur have been confirmed by registering with the DC Office, Shillong in 2023 from the Rangbah Kur, Kur Secretary and Executive Members.
arsnem, especially during this year when there have been attempts by the two governments to resolve the border.
The Dorbar Shnong Umkiang, would also like to express its special thanks to Ma Shitlang Pale, who is the true leader of our area, for donating not only this vehicle but also the Internal Road. in Umkiang Village and other assistance to the village in our area.
On the other hand, Bah Prestone congratulated the editors of Mawphor newspaper who have been able to rise to this position.
Think, when you go abroad and people there ask you, have you ever seen a temple in Tamil Nadu?
Furthermore, there is also an action plan that will focus on areas to bring about ECD-related activities that can be done in the community and at home.
The child was abducted from Nongkyndang, Aradonga in Hahim village in Assam. Police are searching for the suspects.
“The hard work of the police in their respective duties has been a blessing to the people of the area,” said Bah MH Dkhar.
Another ordinance passed by the Cabinet is the National Law University Ordinance which will have to be passed by the House and will come into force immediately and will start admitting only 60 students. at the beginning.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said on Twitter that the preparation of the machines inside the Tura Civil Hospital for the testing of COVID-19 is in progress.
The leaders will also discuss the schemes of the central government in the state and various government departments.
The Seng will conduct another inspection on these foreign trucks and up to the quarry and the illegal foreigners within the border of War Jaintia.
“The Directorate of Health Services (DHS) has called for a meeting with the Association on issues related to AYUSH doctors in the state and the most important issue in the discussion is the implementation of the AYUSH doctors in the state. the Service Rule of AYUSH Doctors Working in Government Hospitals.
At this meeting, the Executive Committee decided to renew the Khasi Traditional Medicine Commission, which invites applications from Khasi herbalists and those who wish to get recognition under this Act. don't apply for this.
John was one of the candidates for the MP election from the Congress party, but the Congress party has decided to give the ticket back to the incumbent MP, Vincent. H Shimmer.
At this time , due to the resignation of nine MDCs who are also MLAs , there is no MLA to contest this MDC election They are the former CEM of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla UDP from Nongkrem.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today dissolved with the vote of Chairman Pynshngianglang Syiem.
Minister and Spokesperson of the State Government, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said that through this scheme, the government will monitor the number of land dealers to identify the land dealers who have already received recognition. and the merchants of the marketplace shall not come to sell it once.
Along with this, assets related to modern weapons, integration, surveillance and training will also be strengthened.
This was responded to by the Union Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare, Anupriya Patel in a written statement in the Rajya Sabha today.
Speaking to reporters, Prestone said that the government has decided to increase the fee to T.60,000/- for those who have been treated for COVID-1 Previously, the MHIS fee was only T.4900/- per day.
Speaking as the chief guest at the meeting, u Bah Metbah said that there are more than 32,000 teachers from Primary to Higher Secondary in the state and the government spends about T.1770 crore on salaries. per year.
He urged the public not to get involved in such illegal advertisements.
I understand that the management of the Government of Meghalaya has improved and can do better in the coming days.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, said that all public places such as cinemas, gyms, bars, bars will also be closed. that many people should gather should be stopped.
The recent incident at Mawdiangdiang, and the protests over New Shillong, raise the question of where and who (Hima or KHADC or Deputy Commissioner-Registrar) has the authority according to the customs to register land.
Taking advantage of the meeting, Bah Shabong said that the time has come for the government to direct the companies and factories in the state to allocate funds to provide funds. announcement in newspapers published in Meghalaya.
The meeting was opened by Chief of Air Staff Marshal Arup Raha and concluded by Air Marshal RK Jolly.
They want the government to release the results which they have already written. They ask why the government has not been able to release the results for almost a year. the examination in surprise.
The purpose of this meeting was to provide a written statement and to request a full explanation on these issues as found and seen.
This was a success in relations with other countries and this brought about the recognition of Yoga in the world.
On the part of the BSF, Darbara Singh 2IC, 75 Bn BSF, in the presence of Darbara Singh 2IC, 75 Bn BSF, held a special tribute to him. He was the defender of Kallipara from the Pakistani army in the 1971 war.
Shillong, July 31: On the second day of filing of nomination papers for the MLA election, 10 candidates have registered their nomination papers, bringing the total number of candidates to
The Miss Meghalaya and Miss Teen Meghalaya 2024 contest has attracted many young girls, with more than 40 young girls coming to compete in the contest. at Hotel Vivanta on 6th November,
Therefore, the pharmacies have been directed to sell drugs under the lists of H, HI and X to ensure the sale of such drugs, as the DC under the Section 133 CrPC has directed all pharmacies to install CCTV cameras inside the shops within two months.
This special training is known as IMBAX 2017 and is the first training to be held in India.
He urged the MeECL to continue to see how hundreds of households steal electricity.
Mairang, November 02: The office of the District Social Welfare Officer, West Khasi Hills District today celebrated the International Day for Persons with Disabilities (PWDs). residents with disabilities.
The Government stands to protect its own people, whether it is in terms of land tenure, customs and traditions and also those that belong to the indigenous people.
This initiative of the government is to improve education in the state as a whole.
The partnership aims to train 1 Lakh youths from Meghalaya by the year 2029 with top 10 youth given an opportunity every year to showcase their work at the annual 1M1B summit at the United Nations in New York.
Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong, Minister in charge of Industries Sngewbhalang Dhar and other MLAs who were present on the occasion were also honoured.
Shillong, July 11: Shilling Lajong FC today signed a contract with 10 Khasi players and the club to play for the team in the coming years. They are still known as U-1
So far, 21823 people have been tested negative, 21414 negative, 320 awaiting results, 50 sick and 50 recovered. 43 so far.
However, the Seng has stood firm and informed the law enforcement authorities.
He is said to have had links with the Special Bangladesh Tiger Force and many smugglers who smuggled smuggled goods from Bangladesh to Bangladesh.
The Minister should answer Why is the government doing this to the Balat area? The KSU wants the Minister to clarify how the government thinks on this road which is also a budlum for Tlongpleng, Balat and Ranikor.
Dr Streamlet Dkhar, Pa Togan Sangma, Belbora Wankhar and Col (Rtd) Tauro Ignatius Donald were also elected. Gary J Lamare was awarded the Supreme Court Award.
To improve the provision of communication services in the state, BSNL has already provided public telephones to 5132 villages and will now start internet connectivity to 220 schools in the rural areas. The state to encourage the public not to use the internet.
The SDRF will be used only for emergency assistance to those affected by various natural disasters such as hurricanes, floods, earthquakes, fires, tsunamis, landslides, landslides, cloud bursts, damage. insects and cold.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: To curb the curfew, the District Administration today imposed a fine on those who violate the curfew.
The festival will be held from 5th to 8th November
The appointment of cleaners by the tourism department has brought about a cleaner atmosphere as those who visit the area have been ordered not to throw bottles of kyiad and not to throw plastic in the area.
According to the RTI, it was found that they had installed the equipment in the area without permission or without documents proving that they had received permission to do so.
From the 28th Rambrai Jyrngam, Kimfa Sidney Marbaniang of the INC won with 8159 votes against the HSPDP candidate S.World Champion Paliar with 6221 votes. Denestar Pariong of the BJP received 522 votes and Morningstar Pariong of the UDP received 1462 votes.
As ordered by the Trial Court, the fine shall not be paid to the victim, if it is not paid.
“In my lifetime in politics, I have never seen the opposition be so stupid as it is now under the leadership of the Congress party. said Cornad, Chief Minister of the State.
GENERAL SECY KNGCSU J Paul Lyngdoh welcomed all the participants of the program and after the end of the meeting, the temporary meeting was held at the Auditorium Hall. There was also a jam session outside the Auditorium Hall which was entertained by the band 'COLOR' from Shillong.
On the other hand, the VPP has urged the people of the state to come out to support the protests because the people are the strength and the government will have to listen if the people come out in order to express their grievances. .
In the meeting with the Prime Minister, he promised to withdraw the CrPF from Mawlai, Jingkieng Mawlai, Iewrynhep and FCI and the government has done this within three months.
Shillong, July 31: Speaking at a public meeting against the Citizenship Amendment Bill, 2016 at Madan Student, Shillong, July 31, 2013, UDP Working President Paul Lyngdoh said that if the BJP government does not do anything, The authority to implement the work shall be appealed to the United Nations.
In a notice signed by Sub Inspector BS Sangma of Sadar Police Station, Bah Roy Kupar Synrem was ordered not to appear before the summons but otherwise he will be arrested.
The Chief Minister said that the Deputy Commissioner has been directed to prepare to provide assistance to those families affected by this tragic incident.
The Honorable Governor should not delay because the Ordinance is very simple.
Shillong, Lber 09: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Hamlet Dohling and Minister of Transport, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar today visited the site of the Umling to build an entry and exit point for foreigners in Ri Bhoi District.
Speaking to media, Mondal said IIT Guwahati has already conducted a thorough investigation into the bridge at Pung Umïam and the department is awaiting the report.
This allocation will also help to benefit from the opportunities in the North East like Assam.
After returning to the political arena in the state, Purno won again as an MLA in 2008 and it was in this year that Purno A. Sangma's family appointed Agatha. Sangma won the mid-term elections on the ticket of the Nationalist People's Party.
The raid was conducted after the BSF informed the BGB of the suspected abduction of Bah Ricky from Umsur village in South West Khasi Hills. District.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District today convened a meeting with the civil society to discuss the construction of a railway line through the district.
After 3 days, those stones came out again and even walking along the road was not allowed.
The office bearers of the Umlaisnieh Primary Unit are 32 executive members.
(iii) Evaluation of Registration of land shall be as follows :- (a) for the record of right only, the evaluation shall be done by the land owners himself/herself or as prescribed by the Syiem and his Dorbar.
The mountains she has already climbed are Kolahai Peak and Papsura Peak in Himachal Pradesh organized by the MMTA from Imphal.
The HYC requests for your cooperation at this time for the good of all of us.
K Susuliammal, Thiru.
The meeting discussed the funds that the Meghalaya government should not receive for the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Act (MGNREGA).
Bah Kitborlang said that as the people, they express their gratitude and appreciation to their MLA, for the benefit of the people of Ranikor, he has decided to step down from the MLA seat to get the MLA. Ranikor Civil Sub Division has been in use for many years.
Shillong, November 18: A meeting of SSA teachers from South West Khasi Hills District will be held on the 20th of this month at Mawkyrwat Community Hall, Mawkyrwat at 11 am.
In the field of education, it is clear that the empowerment and empowerment of women in the field of education started from this school which was first established in 1892 at Nongsawlia and later They were taken to Mission Compound Shillong.
Furthermore, she took the initiative to recognize the Master Craftsmen who make Khasi musical instruments.
Shillong, November 14: Two houses have been destroyed in Kalapahar village on the border with Bangladesh on Friday morning.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 96,702 people have tested positive for COVID-19, 95,039 have recovered and 1,622 have died so far.
Therefore, Atal Ji is truly a national hero.
It is expected to increase from 600 to 1200.
Dr Mukul said that the state should be made one of the developed states and to achieve this we should maintain peace. Others who were present on the occasion were the Chairman MGCC, RV Lyngdoh, MLA, Metbah Lyngdoh, MLA Mairang and MDC RS Rani.
In order to complete the vaccination of those sections of the society at risk especially in those districts which experience the highest number of daily COVID cases, the States and UTs have been advised to follow the the following: The deadline for completing the vaccination of health workers, those working in COVID fields and those who have reached the age limit for vaccination.
GSR 868(E) on 08
The MBA has decided to take such a tournament to all the districts of the state in order to encourage the youth to come forward in the games and to encourage them. much.
The Additional Superintendent of Police (Crime), Vivek Syiem, while talking to reporters, said that police have investigated into the two incidents and have found out the involvement of these two.
This hard work of the government officials has brought about the smooth running of various activities in the villages and townships, which has brought benefits to many churches.
The Minister informed the House that the government will send qualified doctors to private hospitals in the state as well as those abroad to get the best qualified doctors. train.
Three of the four victims were identified as Ravi Rai, 23, of Elam, Meghalaya, Rajesh Rai, 26, of Elam. Nasar Kyndait, 33, of Dkhiah village, Koshi Anchal, Nepal.
The amendment also includes the provision for the appointment of State Finance Commissions in the states of Assam, Meghalaya, Mizoram and Tripura.
The Christmas holidays have come and the people have no gas.
The meeting was conducted by the Chairman of YHAI Meghalaya Chapter ED Nongsiang and Organizing Secretary Kular Khongjirem.
Answering additional questions, the CEM said that at present the KHADC has not yet taken a decision to oppose or accept it as it is still in the committee of the state government and The MDC of Rambrai said that the people of the area are opposed because this area is in the border dispute between Assam and Meghalaya. It is located between three districts, West Khasi Hills and Ri Bhoi in Meghalaya and Kamrup District in Assam.
The Investigation Team has announced that the hearing will be held on 04/08/2023 in the newspaper. to the investigation team.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: U Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy today swore in Pronoy Kumar Musahary as Chairperson of the Lokayukta at Raj Bhavan Shillong. sun.
The meeting discussed how to clean up the party in the Khasi Hills and how to move forward in explaining to the people about the foundation on which the HSPDP has stood since its inception until today. .
“We want the Government to increase our salaries and we will work here with peace of mind.
Plastic shops have to register with the office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima immediately and if the buyers are caught buying politics they have to take the shop they bought and the punishment will be imposed. the seller.
Shillong, November 21: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has held a meeting with the Central Executive Council (CEC) on November 20,
“KSU Narpuh Circle will meet and submit the same demand to the Chairman MeECL. Although the KSU Narpuh Circle has not been able to discuss the sudden increase in electricity bill, KSU Narpuh Circle has expressed its strong opposition to the increase in electricity bill. Government on this issue has decided to increase the electricity tariff.
The Deputy Commissioner in the order issued the reopening order also laid down the rules that shops must follow, all shops must ensure that the distance from each other should be 6 feet, they must Wear masks and use hand sanitizers.
He said that most of the people who have been selected to attend this two day training are carpenters and as the job is to teach them how to train themselves in this field. three masters,.
Meghalaya has won only three gold medals in the NEOG 2022, behind Arunachal Pradesh with 35 or 32 medals. Manipur has won 71 or 70 medals.
The Commissioner and Secretary of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Dr. Andrew Simon, said that the office of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly expresses its deep sorrow over the passing away of former Chief Minister JD. Beans.
He said that the problem is that they have spread too much in the state and it has been witnessed that some parts of the state have been occupied by foreigners and it is on this basis that NESO feels that if the CAA comes into force in This state will be an encouragement to foreigners to come to Meghalaya.
A tragic incident happened on Monday when a household in Kdohhati village was burnt down by a fire at 2 pm.
They threatened me with the intention of winning the election.
to appoint more Junior Engineers and Cashiers only for MGNREGS; 5.
After counting the number of MDCs who supported the motion of no confidence in the EC, the Chairman found that they did not get the number of MDCs according to the rules of the House. The Chairman's side declared the matter no longer confident.
What surprised the union is that since October, the school has not had a chemistry teacher and it has caused a lot of problems to the students of the school.
It is said that we used to hold this shad from one village to another within the raid and any village that has arranged to hold Shad Lakhompong according to the custom of that village holds this shad. Nongkhynraw started in the short month of Shad Lakhompong. There were two chiefs, two women slaves and two phongkri. They led the Shad Lakhompong. they called the children male and female.
“I have spent many years as a teacher of Hindi subject in schools and to promote traditional songs and poetry.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma, today expressed his satisfaction with the signing of a social memorandum of understanding (MoU) between AVENUES, Meghalaya and Young Change Agents, Australia in Melbourne on the 7th of this month. to the young people from Meghalaya and other states in the North East to receive training opportunities according to the passage of time on how to set up their own businesses.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Richestson Malngiang said that the journey of the poet Soso Tham has faced many difficulties and challenges in having to leave his home to offer them. The books he wrote, the thoughts of the poet and his works remain the bloodline of the country and the nation.
Shillong, June 10: The Union Minister in charge of Women and Child Development, Smriti Irani has inaugurated the Zonal Conference in Guwahati. The Zonal Conference of State Governments and other participants from the North East was held in Guwahati today.
The body of a 52-year-old mother who was found yesterday was found today. night which has not yet been named.
The Minister urged the media that if there is any misunderstanding about the private media where people have started using the words 'bishar by the media', it is necessary to ask about it. procedures and activities.
Regarding this incident, the law enforcement authorities have released the post mortem at the request of the family members. and today it has been cut off again which has brought about this tragic incident.
As members of the KSU, we should remember that the bloodshed, the bloodshed and the bloodshed of the Ummat of each and every member will be like a small bloodshed to rebuild the ocean. The members of the Seng shall be for the benefit of the country and the nation.
“I also admit that the company has made a mistake and I apologize to the residents,” said Kong Mawkhiew. to close down the company until the places to store the manure or waste are completed.
The Dorbar informed the Seng Bhalang that during the visit and meetings with the Government of India in Delhi in June 2012 and with the Chairman of the Parliamentary Standing Committee, Home Affairs, Ministry of Home Affairs, has sent a letter seeking the views of the Government of Meghalaya on the demand of the Chief Executive Members for a non-party Council, in accordance with the agreements and commitments of the IOA & AA. It was decided to request the Chairman to invite the Chief Executive Members to convene a public meeting where the children of the thousands will be able to discuss the amendment of the Sixth Schedule ( 6Schedule Amendment Bill 2012 ) of the Constitution of India, and on the Village Administration Bill 2013, so that the new arrangement will not violate the rights of the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo minorities.
Shillong, July 08: The Joint Director of Health Services (DHS) Shillong, Shillong, on Tuesday said that a patient identified as Bah Rilang Lamare, 30 years old, has been diagnosed with the disease. Bahdeng Marbaniang, a friend of Umkdait, Nongmynsong, who was taken to the Civil Hospital on November 15, 2018, passed away on November 22,
On the other hand, KSU Mawkyrwat Circle President Pauldeep Tongwah said that the KSU Mawkyrwat Circle today together with these women went to meet with the Deputy Commissioner of KSU Mawkyrwat Circle. in part to urge that it should immediately address this issue.
In the past few months, the group has helped flood victims, landslide victims, drowning victims, vehicle accident victims and flood victims to search for people. who had been submerged for days, weeks, and months.
They were handed over to the police for further investigation.
It was explained at a public meeting held at Khadsawphra College in Eastern West Khasi Hills District. The purpose is to help them set up their own businesses that are not related to agriculture.
The HNYF leader said that the civil society organizations will not hesitate to move forward with their protest to demand the government to implement the ILP in this country. state and they will keep going until they get what they want.
The residents of the village want the government to complete the water supply system in these two villages because this scheme is for the same, not only for these villages but also for the other villages. Chimasora Police Station should immediately submit the report to the government.
The decision on the increase in the village fee should be taken at the Dorbar Shnong.
Shillong, July 08: Members of FKJGP Umsning Circle together with members of KSU Umsning Circle recently arrested Muslim foreigners from a Traveller Force vehicle. u registered number UP11 AT 8425 from a petrol pump at Umran Dairy at about 11:30 PM. Members of the union have conducted an investigation into the incident. of the petrol pump and some of these mynder were sleeping on the ground of the petrol pump while others tried to sleep inside the vehicle.
As part of the celebration, the Seng will hold a saplings planting ceremony in collaboration with one of the schools in Mawlai, Shullai Progressive School. fish in the morning.
Many of the residents of Nongkesh village have condemned this action of these criminals to have this enmity until they threw a mobile phone at the water tap which the residents of Nongkesh village get drinking water from this tap. the government which distributed the whole village.
Other speakers such as HNYF President Bah GH Kharshanlor and Adinson CH Momin said that the protection of the jaidbynriew is important and development works come later.
During these two months, these students have completed many activities, such as meetings with the villagers, meetings with schools, training sessions at construction sites, meetings with working groups, During these two months, they also taught about cleanliness and how to dispose of garbage at garbage dumps, visiting people from house to house, inspecting the children's rights were taught and public awareness of the disease was raised.
ELECTRIC POLEM57A.B.P.ROAD, LABAN, SHILLONG-4162013-02-0128UNITED DEMOCRATIC PARTYUDPDRUMM44KHLIEHSHNONG, CHERRAPUNJEE, EAST KHASI HILLS172013-PEMOCRYATLES0SDIC0 SHILLONG M40MAWKDOK,BPO MAWKDOK,EAST KHASI HILLS DISTRICT, MEGHALAYA182013-02-0131HILL STATE PEOPLE'S DEMOCRATIC PARTYHSPDPLIONF34MAWKYLLEI VILLAGE , PO MAIRANG192013-02-0132INDIAN NATIONAL CONGRESSINCHANDMALE37LADWEITANG, NONGSTOIN202013-02-0133INDIAN NATIONAL CONGRESSINCHANDMALE38TIEHSAW, NONGSTOINDA3INDA4ANDODE-0201 LE44PORSHIH, ZERO POINT RIANGDO222013-02-0134INDEPENDENTINDOA/CANDLE/POTFEMALE39MEETING232013-02-0 , MAWEIT242013-02-0135INDIAN NATIONAL CONGRESSINCHAND53SHIPAPARA VILLAGE, PO BALAT.252013-02-0135HILL STATE1 PEOPLE'S DEMOCRATIC PARTYHSPDPLIONM58-LUMMSTYN3RBOH0, 02-0136HILL STATE PEOPLE'S DEMOCRATIC PARTYHSPDPLIONM57NONGLANG VILLAGEP.O.MAWKYRWAT272013-02-0136INDEPENDENTINDCANDLES, BATTERY TORCH , TABLE LAMPM50MAWLANGWIR VILLAGE, P.O.MAWKYRWAT282013-02-0142INDEPENDENTIND1.
He urged the youth to be ready to face challenges.
It is to be recalled that in 2014 when the government planned to demolish the Motphran Bridge, there was strong opposition from the shopkeepers of the Motphran Bridge because they would lose their livelihood if it was demolished.
After the BSF troops cleared the Bangladeshis, the Bangladeshis fled in the midst of the injuries and from the four boats, the BSF seized four boats and from these boats seized a lot of tyrkhong shana.
The residents of Kingthong also expect that the government authorities will be able to complete the distribution of ration in Kongthong in order to restore peace and development in the village.
At this meeting, the Minister of State for Child Development, Government of India, said that Singapore and India are two countries that have always worked together in many fields and the visit of the Deputy Prime Minister recently. The visit of India to India has strengthened the ties between the two countries.
On the other hand, South Tura MLA John Leslee K. Sangma has banned the opening of the market because it was not safe according to the building regulations laid down by the government. If the government doesn't, it will go to court.
(Dr.) BD Mishra (Retd.) distributed awards to 18 government employees who have been honored for their hard work in the presence of the Chief Secretary of the State. u bah D P Watchtower.
In this age, there is no need to shed blood to solve the problems.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: The District Legal Services Authority (DLEA) has sent a letter to the residents of Ranikor area on how to get protection from the government in relation to the law. Commitment has organized a drama performance at Ranikor Market.
On this occasion, the Catholic Church from all over the Khasi Jaintia Hills District has arrived in Nongstoin to witness this memorable day of receiving the Bishop after many years since the transfer of Bishop Victor. Lyngdoh as the Archbishop of Shillong.
In this statement, he urged all to follow the guidelines of the Government regarding the measures to prevent the spread of COVID-19 especially in this second wave of the pandemic. There has been a terrible damage through the number of cases and deaths due to this disease.
The Prime Minister said that all those who come to Meghalaya should be quarantined but they have not complied with the government's rules.
On the other hand, the members of the HYC have decided to continue their strike at the site and will end it tomorrow morning as they have decided to complete the three day strike.
Police have seized 500 tyngka worth T.1,41,000 lakh.
In this regard, the Prime Minister said that the government's door to peace talks is open, but those who want to talk peace must end their illegal activities.
There was also a statement from the Department of Consumer Affairs, which stressed on the increase in online purchases recently and the increase in complaints related to e-commerce on the National Consumer Helpline (NCH). ).
Regarding the District Councils of JHADC and GHADC, they have pledged to accept the decision of the KHADC to oppose the decision of the Cabinet to implement the CPC and CRPC in the land of the rich.
Shillong, Naiwieng 09: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today announced that all banks will be open on Saturday and Sunday 12th and 13th of this month for business purposes. of the people.
More than 4 lakh Common Service Centers (CSCs) also attended the opening ceremony.
Nitin Gadkari, JP Nadda, Shivraj Singh Chouhan, Nirmala Sitharaman, S Jaishankar and Manohar Lal Khattar were also sworn in on the occasion. this day.
However, it will be up to the parliamentary party of the party to take the final decision whether to nominate a candidate or not, said sources close to the Congress party.
Naiwieng 01: The President of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYM) today announced that on Thursday 4/11/2022 they will hold a protest in front of the Secretariat.
General information regarding Meghalaya as a freedom fighter, the lands and customs of the three ethnic groups of the state, Khasi Garo and Pnar, this part of the committee will look into. It is better to include the parts of Meghalaya.
The deceased were identified as Kresensia Mawrie, 65, of Laitkor Rngi, Rev. Krickwin Ch Marak, 70, of Goanang Tura, Monmaya Sangma, 75, of Cheruphi, Tesmen Salahe, 36, of Samasi. 36 years old from Mission Compound Jowai;
The President of the MPCC alleged that the reason for the collapse is that the government wants to open the House early, not even in the middle of the time.
After the CAB became a law throughout the country.
The Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court today handed down his verdict and dismissed all the appeals in connection with the case.
Soon the party will announce other measures to show its opposition to the government's plan to build a railway line in these areas and urges the people to “We join hands with the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) to fight against this government's plan which is a destruction of our minority,” said Bah Rapborlang Nongrum Publicity Secretary Khasi Students' Union (KSU).
The GHADC authorities also requested the MSPB to talk to the Government to streamline and restructure the release of funds from the State Government to the GHADC. The Co-Chairman of GHADC informed that the Law and Finance Departments will soon appoint the Meghalaya State Finance Commission, which will be the authority on how to distribute revenue between the State Government, ADCs and Hima/Elaka.
The Enforcement Police of KHADC have raided Trading License and Labor License in Demseiniong and Nongmensong villages which are still within the boundary of the Council.
The award was presented to them for the year 2016-2
Speaking to reporters, these village leaders said that all the residents of Marmain area have been waiting for decades to open this PHC because the residents of the village have been facing difficulties. manla you have a lot of trouble.
He said the VPP will lodge a complaint with the Election Commission regarding the attempts of people to spread the party especially at this time when the Model Code of Conduct (MCC) ) is still in force across India due to the Lok Sabha elections to be held on 19th June,
“All this is just hard work, there is no other way, if you work hard you can get what you want in life,” said Amika.
In East Khasi Hills District, BSF troops from Battalion 193 Battalion have spotted three vehicles parked on the border with cargo. Eight occupants of the vehicle were arrested.
He said that to increase the income of the state, we should strengthen the trade in goods produced in the state. If this is done, the income of the state will increase in many ways. .
Therefore, on this day we put before you some of the tasks that are necessary if the Kurs are to grow up to participate, to remain in the rule of law, they should be able to do so. from the Constitution of the Kur Dorbar, the Shnong Dorbar, the Raid Dorbar and the Constitution of the Hima Dorbar.
On the other hand, the villagers have refused to sell these equipment to MeECL and said that if MeECL does not want to start the work, it is better for them to sell kilos.
Meghalaya has a population of 30 lakh out of which 60,000 are government employees.
He said that there is a target to collect T.8,357 crore of revenue from the area in 2018-19 which is an increase of 17.75 percent over the collection seen last year.
The FKJGP also sends its condolences to the family of Bah Walton Jyrwa who suffered this tragic incident.
The meeting was held to remind the DC of the Entry and Exit Point at Saphai and Khanduli West Jaintia Hills and also to seek clarification on the progress of the work. When asked for clarification from the District Chief Minister, he said that he has already arranged to hold a meeting with the District Task Force and other departments in charge of the project. This meeting was held on 3/07/2019 to discuss this issue.
The letter was signed by Teilinia S Thangkhiew as Leader of the PP, Bah Samlin Malngniang as PP Secretary, Bah BB Warjri and Bah Pyniaid S Syiem as members of the PP. The ruling HSPDP has 22 MDCs in the 29-member Assembly as it has not yet appointed a single MDC.
In 2010, when Dr Mukul Sangma became the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, he did not stay in the government house and in this second term of his tenure, he did not stay in the government house. this bag.
Meghalaya Police, on the 20th of this month, received a tip from a Tata Sumo driver about a leading plate left inside the Tata. His sumo with two riders.
Shillong, Lber 03: Two HSPDP MLAs, Methodius Dkhar from Mawthungkut and Shakliar Warjri from Mawthadraishan have sent a letter to the National People's Party (NPP) Leader Conrad K Sangma today. support for the government.
Shillong, July 07: The Khasi Hills Butcher Association (KHBA) has launched an indefinite strike against cow slaughter.
“Laitumkhrah is a village that knows people and knows the law and we will not allow them to do this.
Shillong, June 18: Police have recovered the body of Bah Kutstarjo Mawlong, 19, from Jamynthlen village at Krang under Sohiong Police Out Post.
A search operation is underway to free the teacher.
Answering a question by Mayralborn Syiem regarding the water scheme in Nongpoh, the Minister in charge of Water Supply, Reniktone L Tongkhar, said that the government has sent the scheme to the 15th Finance Commission. but she didn't get a name.
A group of ration distributors in East Khasi Hills District have protested against the directive of the State Government that ration distributors have to install a new e-scale machine to provide accurate ration. and distribute the ration to the people.
Speaking after the meeting, Bah Metbah said, “The completion of the Ïing Dorbar should be ahead of schedule.
Speaking after inspecting the Khasi Heritage Village, Lamphrang said the aim of holding the Monolith Festival again is to showcase the richness of the Khasi people in terms of culture and traditions.
The Ranikor Civil Sub Division will be inaugurated on the 10th of this month by the Chief Minister, Bah Prestone Tynsong in the presence of other Ministers. of the State Government today.
The foundation of policy and action depends on unity, faith in culture and science, and the promotion of the rule of law and education - all of which depends on cooperation. between the government and citizens.
The Minister hopes that this will help the people of the state.
In another incident, police have arrested nine other persons from Jahlupara for drinking kyiad on the side of the road.
Speaking to reporters, he said that so far 73 pigs have died across the state and 24 of them have been confirmed to have died of African Swine Fever. and 49 others are being sent to Guwahati for testing.
Five 108 ambulances were operated on the occasion. The Chief Executive Officer of GVK EMRI, Deepak Upreti, signed the agreement on behalf of the Government of Rajasthan. Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
The Governor of Meghalaya has directed the JHADC Legislative Assembly to meet tomorrow morning to elect the new CEM of the Legislative Assembly and the filing of nominations will be held today. Shillong, Nailur 26: Unidentified persons have burnt down the house of Bah HT Sten on the 23rd of this month. He is also the Chairman of the Jaiaw Umpohliew Block Committee.
This superstition something must be done to eradicate it.
According to rule 8, livestock markets should be 25 km inside the state from the border with another state and 50 km from the border with other countries of the world if this will work in ei Meghalaya has another state to sell and buy animals.
Shillong, July 17: Three new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Shillong, July 17: Three cases have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills, one in Ri Bhoi and two in Ri Bhoi. .
According to the report of the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, there are 766 households from 25 villages and the population is 4666 people. this has been appealed since
The relatives of the deceased are waiting for the body to be taken from NEIGRIHMS Hospital after the post mortem.
Shillong, Lber 05: The Election Commission of India (ECI) today announced the MP elections to the Lok Sabha and Meghalaya will be held on the 9th of this month. of next June.
This will also help and reduce the morbidity and mortality of patients.
If anyone leaves the Congress party and joins other parties, that is their choice.
“This shows that our Government has been shaken by the BJP because it is against the Yatra,” said Rahul Gandhi.
Previously, it took about 15 to 16 hours to reach Tura and now it will take only 8 hours.
It is the government itself that has ordered the mining plan when the owners or tenants of the mines have acted according to the orders of the government. that day.
Shillong, Nailur 16: The Secretary of the All India Congress Committee (ANC) Zenith M Sangma today alleged that the appointment of the Chief Managing Director (CMD) of MeECL is only for gain.
The proposal under the Central Government's proposal is that minorities such as Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists, Jains, Parsis and Christians from Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Pakistan, who have been exempted under the laws of the the Central Government under subsection (c) of subsection (2) under subsection 3 of the Entry India Act 1920 or under the provisions of the Foreigners Act, 1946, or any other law made, they shall not be regarded as illegal immigrants to India.
After the meeting, a Mombati ceremony was held at the venue.
The country has also seen a courageous spirit in the establishment of self-employment during the COVID-19 pandemic. who are struggling to pay.
John F Kharshiing, during the meeting, informed the US President that he has decided to seek the support of the people of the 22-Nongkrem Assembly Constituency to contest the MLA election to have the opportunity to discuss these rights of the country in the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya.
South West Khasi Hills came fourth with 8 medals, including 2 gold, 3 silver and 3 bronze medals.
He said this while speaking at the closing ceremony of the North East Festival, organized by DoNER as part of the Azadi Amrit Mahotsav, in Guwahati, Assam today (January 4, 2022).
We urge the Syiem to think of the children of the thousands of the kingdom so that they will not face problems in this regard from time to time.
The government's delay in paying compensation to the farmers when they are affected by the natural disaster and this is a major problem that the farmers are facing and requesting the government to look into.
He said that looking at other organizations, they have been driven to the idea of ​​changing the trade how to trade the present and the future are behind and the future is coming, this is what they have to do. “It's a good idea to respond to the children of the deceased,” said Bah Denis in a statement sent today.
“They have promised us that every 15 days after the import of fish from Andhra Pradesh, we will have to undergo a Food Safety test.
The JAC has visited the CEM of KHADC and the EM in charge of Elaka affairs but they are not in office. it does not observe what for three years they have not been able to observe.
The prizes were awarded to the winners at the closing ceremony held today.
“The KSU Mynksan Unit would like to remind the MeCL Office to take immediate action to repair the damaged electrical posts and also to separate the line/barrel of Mynksan from Ionglang. The EE promised to do so on 21.08.2013 according to the letter.
The residents who own small vehicles cannot afford to set up their vehicles at home because it is no longer possible to pass through this NH 44 because if you just pass through this road, you will fall into the streets and “It's right on the rocks and it's bad,” said Bah MH Dkhar.
Shillong, March 12: U Bah Sanbor Shullai, Deputy Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, on Tuesday demanded that the Minister of Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri, should punish the people who threw petrol bombs at a place of worship. Umsnoiang should not be arrested immediately.
Balat village in South West Khasi Hills is one of the famous villages on the border with Bangladesh but the Umngi River has flooded the village every year.
The teachers will start receiving their new salary from next month.
The party will continue to follow up on this issue until it reaches victory.
E. Wanda Warjri, Executive Secretary, VHAM Shillong and Dr. Rika Lamar, Director, Manbha Foundation Shillong, along with NYK Volunteers and staff attended the event. Speeches were delivered by the BDO and MDC on the theme of the program which was “Mental Health-For Sustainable Tomorrow”.
New Delhi, July 07: The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) has issued a notice to the public to send messages via WhatsApp, SMS and phone calls to the public. they are TRAI employees by falsifying office documents.
As we have seen in the peace talks of the NSCN, the ANVC exists and from that peace talks there should be value as the nation should get, the HNLC is the armed group of the country. Khasi Jaintia and they see that it always gives support for the issues of the nation.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the President of the union, Bah Vishal Khongshei said that the decline in the price of agricultural products such as synsar, soh and jhur has affected the farmers.
Speaking to reporters, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) has stated that the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security (Amendment) Bill, 2020 is in conflict with the The purpose of this Bill is to establish check posts or Facilitation Centres.
When asked whether she has taken steps to talk to her colleagues in the Opposition to force the government to convene a special session.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, RM Kurbah was also present as the chief guest.
There are four candidates for the mid-term elections from the 35-Ranikor ST Constituency. The other two candidates are Bah Pius Marwein of the UDP and Bah Pynshngianglang Syiem of the UDP. The registration of candidates for the mid-term elections in the 35-Ranikor constituency will end on the 6th of this month.
Raising the issue in the House, Bah Mawsor said that the sudden dismissal of Kardius has affected his family as his father died in the cleansing. of the Assam Police in Langpih in
The appointment of Dr Lapang as the head of the NECC is aimed at strengthening the party in the North East and this will also be in preparation for the the MP election on the side of the party.
