The police have fined them with the understanding that they are not allowed to violate the provisions of the Motor Vehicle Act.
The Legislative Assembly of the Khasi States was inaugurated on 29th July 1947 by the Governor of Assam in Shillong.
Kyrmen Shylla, Minister of Social Welfare, Government of Meghalaya, said that he is grateful to the Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment of the Government of India for establishing the CRC in Meghalaya. This will work to meet the needs of those with disabilities in the state.
“If there are necessary incidents with the police, it will be much easier.
The arrested were identified as Bah Kolet Khongjee and Bah Suhep Khangrom of Nongtyngur village. Nine gold biscuits worth T.22 were seized from them. 65,410 rupees.
Computer Science, Statistics, Western Music and Vocational Studies in Class XII have been decided not to be held for the examination. not decided mark.
At this meeting, the union today decided to support the demand of the two districts of West Khasi Hill and South West Khasi Hill district to oppose the government's plan to set up a camp. ANVC-B fighters in these districts.
Retired IAS President W Khyllep, President of the Governing Body of the College and Dr Khlur Mukhim, Principal of the College, told reporters that the college has From this year onwards, it will also accept male students studying Science as well as Professional Courses like Tourism, Computer Science, Fashion Designing and Traditional Music.
The total number of returnees from abroad has risen to 20693 so far.
The Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh will be the chief guest and their MLA Bah Sanbor Shullai will be the chief guest.
The number of ventilators has increased from four to
All departments have been directed not to turn off the street lights for the safety of the public.
“If we detect the disease earlier, the treatment will be easier and those who have the disease will get better in time,” said Dr. Mawlong.
Wanda Lyngdoh, the owner of the house, said that due to the heavy rainfall, she saw that the ground could collapse and called on the residents of the house to leave immediately. from the house.
Meanwhile, in Purakhasia, the BSF has given special training to 36 women on how to stand on their own feet in the workplace. it is for those who are still lacking in knowledge.
It may be recalled that in the previous government, Timothy D Shira was elected as the Deputy Speaker of the Legislative Assembly and in the present government, the MDA has re-elected him as the Deputy Speaker. Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly.
Member of the Board of Governors, Atul Kulkarni, who conducted the meeting, said that the task given to IIM Shillong by the Central Government, especially through the DoNER Department, is to bring about development, to support through the survey of employers and other stakeholders including assistance to local entrepreneurs to benefit from this relationship with IIM Shillong.
Marak said that at present people do not understand the increase in the price of petrol and diesel which has increased to T.10.49 tyngka in the last 19 days.
The total number of votes for NOTA was 178 and the total number of voters was
We also urge the people of Meghalaya not to be hasty in accepting the policy and implementing it in the state as there are many things in this policy that are not clear and that put the the people of the country are in darkness.
The program was also attended by Bah Metbah on the works that the Assembly Secretariat under his leadership has accomplished in the past two years.
The state has a responsibility to produce its own people in this regard.
The Minister said the government respects the social media because it empowers the people but the language used in this forum has caused concern.
He said that there are at least 200 people from Maharashtra and Gujarat who want to return home because they cannot support themselves because they don't get salary anymore. hotel in the past he has also said that the people and the government of other states will not be able to provide them with food from time to time.
“Of course we are sorry that after the amendment of the Sixth Schedule we have lost a little power, we will not discuss that but to introduce the UCC is against our history, constitution and customs.
Referring to the management of the Secretariat Office of the Assembly, the Deputy Speaker said that it is managed by the Deputy Speaker because the rule clearly states that if there is no Speaker, the Deputy Speaker can manage the affairs of the office. as the Speaker.
In the Catholic Church, as Christians there are three parts, the Church on earth, the church that is still in struggle on the cross and the victorious church, the souls that have come to face and blei.
Shillong, November 05: The Rangbah Shnong of Umtyrnga today demanded that the authorities should immediately cancel the illegal registration of 12,000 acres of land which has confiscated 20 villages. , who is in the Umtyrnga area.
In this regard, the Government has decided that if there is a need, the Government will purchase, which can be done now with Punjab, Bihar and other states. The days will come so that there will be no shortage of rice in the market.
The BSF seized three bags of sarees from one two bags and three bags from another bag. The value of these sarees has reached 24 lakh tyngka. These are the two Maruti Vans.
Regarding the incidents in the past few days where there has been an allegation that the collection of money at the gates has exceeded what the EC has set at the time of opening the gates, the EC said: The EC will take action against the applicants.
Returning to the Assam Rifle Indoor Stadium in Laitkor, Manipur won the gold medal in the Junior Girls category.
The residents of Block II vote for Assam and Meghalaya.
until 7/31/2023.
He added that under the circumstances, everyone's goal is to do what is necessary immediately.
According to the fee approved by the Commission, the first polling officer at each polling station should receive T.250 per day, the second and third polling officers should receive T.175 per day and the second and third polling officers should receive T. The Fourth Polling Officer shall receive T.100 per day.
The Seng strongly condemns this attack by the police who have no compassion even for women. The Seng also demands that the authorities should immediately punish the police involved in this attack.
He said that the CRPF personnel will arrive in the state by the end of this month and will be deployed at various places to ensure the smooth running of the election.
It is to be recalled that Waheh S Quotient Sumer is a great writer and poet who has a great knowledge of Kiang Nangbah and who was once a member of the Sahitya Akademi.
“The Lamphang said that this construction will be an honor and pride for the state when it is completed especially when the government authorities in the past years have not done anything which is the reason. Even after 20 years, the state has not had a Legislative Assembly.
The purpose of this gate is to help the people and to prevent crime and not to collect money.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: The Executive Committee of the KSU EJHDU has expressed its regret over the lack of action by the authorities in charge of the NH-6, even after the protests. and also visits to government offices on several occasions.
In a statement, the Municipal informed that the residents should separate their garbage into three categories, namely rotten, non-rotten and injured garbage items at the garbage disposal boards and hand over the garbage. separate to vehicles designated for collection in each village.
The total number of recoveries in the state has risen to 2075, with 55 recoveries today, 30 from East Khasi Hills, 23 from Ri Bhoi and 23 from West Garo Hills. The death toll has risen to
Shillong, July 17: A well under construction has collapsed at Wahkdiat Malki at Wahkdiat Malki this morning at about 3 pm.
This year's celebration will be small and in compliance with the rules and regulations issued by the government, in order to prevent the spread of this tyllep tyrbun. .
Regarding this question, Bah HS Shylla MDC of Nongkrem wanted to know from the Council whether this issue which belongs to the Hima Mylliem can be discussed in the House, if so. If all the kingdoms are spoken in the council, how shall it be?
At present, the Congress party has 30 MLAs in the 60-member Assembly and out of these 30 MLAs, nine MLAs are needed to split the Congress party.
Niwell Dkhar said that during the meeting with the officers of the NOIS office in Shillong Laitumkhrah today, they promised to go to Guwahati to talk to the NOIS authorities to resolve the issue. to this problem.
And he strongly condemned the incident.
Shillong, March 19: Two persons have been arrested by the BSF on the border with Bangladesh today. BSF has seized 218 cows from the border this month.
Parliamentary Secretary Noverfield R. Marak and Deputy Commissioner Pravin Bakshi also spoke at the meeting.
He said this at a short meeting at the Conference Hall of KHADC before the launch of the theme song of the Monolith Festival and the media campaign vehicle to announce the festival. It was held in the District Council.
He concluded by assuring the provision of qualified coaches from the Sports Authority of India and further financial assistance will be provided to improve the facilities to meet the standards in other countries. .
Drivers are directed to carry their ballot papers and the register of their vehicles when they go to cast their votes. vote, said Enrico D Pasi in a statement sent to reporters.
Our withdrawal from the Indian National Congress because of its unclear working methods.
Therefore, if found guilty, they will be punished according to the provisions of the law,” the order said.
Shillong, March 31: The office of the All Meghalaya Contractors and Suppliers Association (AMCSA) has been opened today at the PWD grounds in Barik. The contractor is from the state of Meghalaya.
The new district will include two Assembly constituencies, Mairang and Mawthadriashan, according to the Cabinet decision today. There are 12 districts.
KSU Mawkyrwat Circle, Gliterson Lyngdoh, Tanlumbor Kharai and the elders of the area were present to witness the event.
Shillong, November 26: Many Christians from different religions in the state have celebrated Christmas Day with great joy.
Shillong, March 07: The District Administration of East Khasi Hills (NEIGRIHMS) has sent a Magistrate to the North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional Institute (NEIGRIHMS) to investigate the allegation that a woman has been involved in a crime. there is child circumcision.
At the same time, he said that the income in the country in these days has dropped to the extreme.
As the party has a democratic government, it welcomes all those who want to contest the election to apply for tickets. Your application will be invited by the organization.
On the part of the Executive Committee, Bah L Blah EM in charge of Elaka Affairs, said that the draft has been submitted until 2011 and the bill has been sent to the Hima for consideration. If you don't have the right to vote, you will not be able to send the Bill to the Select Committee.
Police of Rani Border Outpost on Tuesday at about 9:30 pm received a tip that there were armed robbers near Ranibari village.
The Minister said that by taking 100% responsibility for the debt of MeECL, if MeECL does not pay to the REC and PFC on time, the government will have to pay as it has been paid. This money will be from the development projects of the state.
The donation was handed over to the BDO of Mawsynram, Bah P Mukhim.
“Our wish is that they (the Fisheries Department) should conduct a test now and submit the report soon.
The District Administration today set up a polling station at Khyndailad near OB Shopping Mall and at Motphran near the entrance to the market. to people walking and standing in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic.
Foreigners have left Erpakon village after the murder of Bah Kyrmen Lyngdoh Nonglait.
“We must make sustainable economic development part of the LiFE of all people instead of just being the business of Governments.
“The government will not forgive anyone if it is found to be violating the rules, whether they are government officials or private individuals, it will not arrest and imprison, because it cannot play with the health of the people. " said Symbut, Chief Minister of the State.
Rijiju was accompanied by Shillong MP Vincent H Pala on his visit to the Assam Rifle.
The party does not have any restrictions on anyone who wants to join the party but it does not want those people who join the party to be bought or sold.
U368027N Daohalu Boro after receiving a complaint from a woman that the soldier had assaulted her while she was walking from Anjelee.
They came today to express to the government that they are still demanding their salary and this strike is indefinite. their demand.
Professor Mahanta praised the services and beauty of the school which has brought about a sense of brotherhood among the communities.
The Ranikor MLA said that as he said at a public meeting in Ranikor regarding the demand for the Ranikor Civil Sub Division, he will hold on to what he said when the Ranikor Civil Sub Division is opened. Sub Division.
Before the shop was demolished and the goods were seized, there was a heated argument between the two parties but the KSU members and the son of the owner of the land did not listen and seized the goods. They have destroyed and destroyed this shop.
To raise funds for the activities of the Synod for the children with disabilities, namely: Mairang Vidya Jyoti Inclusive Secondary School, Mairang and Rev.Amirkha School for Disabled, Mawlai .
It will improve the quality of life of the people of the area.
This was announced by KSU Mawlai Circle Publicity Secretary Macdonald Jitem.
There are 3,822 registered voters, 90,000 voters have taken the registration forms and 54,712 voters have been registered.
Those arrested will also be transferred from one place to another within the state or even outside the state.
We also want to know their secret plan because if the railway is built, it will destroy the wealth of East Jaintia Hills and it will end completely.
On the other hand, the group was filled with joy as the people of the village welcomed them with enthusiasm.
During the visit, the NPP leader was welcomed by the party MLA Tapuk Taku in traditional costumes of the Nyishi people in the presence of the wife of the party president.
They are teachings that teach us to know, understand and think of others.
The meeting was chaired by the Chief Secretary of the State, MS Rao in the presence of the Director of Health Services. you can't Tika.
On this day there was also a special prayer for the unity of Christians around the world, a prayer for the rulers of the country and the state, a prayer for the church workers.
The Sessions Judge of West Jaintia Hills District has convicted Kyrshanlang Sungoh of Mookhap village after finding evidence that he was involved in rape.
Therefore, as the Union, we have no doubt that through this film, our citizens will get many benefits for themselves and also for the society.
Hooid, many of them complained that this used to happen in our Sohra area where they complained and complained and complained that when the meeting was called, no one came.
The new office bearers of SSSS Shillong City include Bah Pynshaibok Diengdoh as Chairman, Bah Symper Ryntathiang as Working Chairman, Bah Samuel Biam as Vice Chairman, Bah Vivian R Kharkongor as General Secretary; Khraw Mynsong as Assistant Secretary and other office bearers as well as Executive Members.
An FIR was lodged with the help of the family members of the child and a medical examination was conducted at PHC Mawryngkneng on Tuesday evening.
The result of these provisions makes it clear that they cannot apply only where they are included.
The sickle cell dashboard and platform has been launched to store data by all states ().
The arrest of these suspects was made after receiving information that there is a suspicion that some of these suspects are Khasi dressed in Dkhar clothes. ktem and and this vehicle was smit.
He was ordained on 1 January 1977 in Mawlai.
One of the key areas highlighted by the Election Commission of India (ECI) is the increase in voter turnout especially among women, youth and people with disabilities.
The Ministry of Education is aware that there are groups of teachers involved in this strike who have taught in schools which have paid their salaries with the assistance of the government but have been run by the teachers. the managing committees of the schools in charge of them.
The President of the BJP said that the land survey will be held in all districts of Meghalaya. The land survey today is the beginning and the celebration will be completed within this month. in the state of Meghalaya.
The union therefore urges the MLA and MDC who are the villagers to take action on this issue as there is no point in talking about development if they forget to take care of the health of the people of the area.
In a statement sent by Commander Shangpliang, leader of the UDP Youth Wing, he said that he has a strong hope that the UDP will see the UDP hold the seat of power in The Congress rule under the leadership of Mukul Sangma has been destroyed.
Paul informed the meeting that T.266.46 crore has been collected after the introduction of GST in Meghalaya as of 30th November,
They also requested that ATM machines should be provided in all branches of MCAB as elsewhere, so that it will be easier for the people who deposit money through their accounts and also those who need to withdraw money urgently.
At this meeting, no decision was reached and the meeting was concluded by deciding to continue the discussion.
In this regard, the Hima Bhowal has taken up this issue since 2016, when he met with the Chairman of the National Board of Revenue of Bangladesh Majibur Rahaman and the Hima Bhowal. The Bangladesh side has also taken this step forward.
They want to take this forward so that others can benefit from it and have a better life.
At the same time, he said that they would be happy to give suggestions on how to bring peace and order especially for the celebration of the Silver Jubilee of the District in these days.
On the other hand, the faithful congratulated each other with a “Merry Christmas” which was exchanged with the wish of good health through the blessing of the child Jesus.
Therefore, the union urges the authorities not to delay in this regard and urges the leaders of this area to take action on the issues faced by the people of this village. they are blessed.
He said the intelligence agencies have received confirmed information that the new armed group has collaborated with other armed groups from Nagaland and plans to send it for training. The first group will visit Nagaland on 17th July,
The SP said that it was also alleged that Batskhem had taken 4500/- from the driver for the purpose of filling the truck with petrol.
The NOIS has put the teachers in a difficult situation as some teachers have already purchased the demand draft of T.3 submit a draft demand.
His supporter promised to support him for 10 years by donating 1 kilo of dai, 1 sleit of pylleng and Nutrela per month.
They take for granted that the candidates elected by them from above, the supporters and loyalists of the party will agree without hesitation because they accept that if they say they are white, the supporters will agree. The party should also stand together and if they say they are white, the party supporters should stand together.
Therefore, as a nation of the same flesh and blood, we cannot listen or sit idly by to these violence from time to time.
There have been many drinking festivals such as bear fests, woodstock and others which have brought income to a few but destroyed many churches.
He said it is necessary to inform the Special Peoples Parliament and the children of the thousands of the success and victory of the three sessions of the Dorbar Ri for the first time. years after the authority of the Constitution of India under Article 338, the National Commission for Schedule Tribes (NCST) issued a judgment on 17 August 1948, on April 2012, which directed the Union Ministry of Tribal Affairs, Government of India to take the necessary measures to implement these commitments agreed by the Government of India and the Hima Khasi States.
The group was formed by Prashan Naik, Retd.IAS.Ex Addl.Chief Secretary, Government of Meghalaya along with other government officials.
Before the demolition of these shops inside the market, the Municipal authorities have inspected and sent a notice to the market dwellers to leave because the Municipal will demolish the market to build a new one. not in the shopping complex.
It was witnessed that the people of Meghalaya including students, employees of companies and so on have returned from many states of the country.
Prof. DP Goyalu spoke on the creation of wealth and the methods of doing so.
He said that when he returned to Shillong, he informed the government and registered under 108 and underwent self quarantine. The health department officials went to meet him but no signs of illness were shown.
“This is only the beginning but there are still many issues that we will address in this area of ​​7 villages when the lockdown is lifted,” said the Working President of the Khliehriat Block Congress Committee. The incharge of the 7 Villages Congress Circle is Bah Piwell Shylla.
The Deputy Commissioner said that the government has given ration to the ration shops at the price of T.2.43 tyngka and they have been allowed to sell it again at T.3 tyngka. He said that if any of the people who are in charge of this job of distributing ration, if they are happy to survive from this job, it is better for them to leave and the office will be able to give it to others.
The Chief Minister also said that the idea is not about the fact that one day will clean up the entire city or town but to bring about a change in the mind set of the people.
The purpose of having a KHADC building in Delhi is that if there is a job it will be easier for them to have a place to live and at the same time it will be of benefit to the people of Khasi Jaintia especially The discussions are ongoing and they will inform the state government.
The Government should take measures to ensure that all households in the State should have fire extinguishers.
On the other hand, Bah Shullai said that he will take part in the strike of teachers from all over India on the 4th of June at Jantar Mnatar in Delhi.
Jowai, July 19: The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah Garod LSM Dykes, on Tuesday said that he will invite the land owners to a meeting to be held in Amlarem in June. Shia border crossing with Bangladesh.
“We also demand that the police and district authorities should clarify where they have the authority to search the shops of the people who have nothing to do with the incident. .
Rev EH Kharkongor said that the main objective of the Khasi Jaintia Christian Leaders Forum is to bring peace and stability in the society, in the state and among the fellow citizens. Young people for many years have their own aspirations, have their own struggles in their lives and often are against the government, but now it has been found that there is a more meaningful opening. .
We can’t forget them either.
RPF Police From June to November 2022, RPF Police of NF Railway have rescued 686 children, 39 women and arrested 10 human traffickers. The Railway Department has also set up a number 139 for the public to call in case of emergency.
: After receiving a tip on the presence of drug traffickers, ANTF East Jaintia Hills District Police on Tuesday conducted a raid on the National Highway in Lumshnong and seized a vehicle. A Maruti Suzuki Baleno (AS-11-S-3488) was driven by Ajamal Hussain from Silchar, Assam.
The question is where are those raid places that used to be all the time, the places of the kurs.
The reply received from the office of the Inspector General of Prisons of Assam according to the letter received on 09.07.2013 that the letter of apology is still in the office of the President of India, However, the office of the President of India said that the names they have received since 1981 until now do not include the name Holiram Bordoloi.
On the demand to upgrade Mawlai to a Civil Sub Division, Bah PT Sawkmie said, “This demand is not new for Mawlai, because on 20th November, “I have requested the CM to give us a Civil Sub Division,” said the Congress MLA. Speaking to reporters after meeting with Chief Minister Conrad Sangma at his office on Thursday.
He said India is the fourth country to reach the moon and this is even greater when we understand the small beginnings of India's space activities.
Addressing the youth, he said, “When it comes to nation building, the focus of everyone in the country and around the world is on the youth.
He said that due to the lack of clarity in the Act, almost all the 500 four mills are illegal, because of these Acts and Rules of India, forest owners cannot open timber factories on their own land because they have to open in Industrial Estates. The government doesn't have a place.
He said that the JAC has also demanded that Prof. PS Shukla should immediately remove the post of Campus Director appointed at Tura Campus but appoint Prof. Shukla.
Shillong, June 27: Sabina Parvez Warjri, from Meghalaya, has been crowned the winner of the Mrs India Universal 2017 pageant held in Delhi on Tuesday. starting from the 22nd of this month and ending on the 25th of this month.
He said that since the establishment of the District Council in 1952 and the independence of the state in 1972, no Chief Minister from the state has visited the KHADC. This is the first time that the Chief Minister has come to witness the session of the KHADC. The Chief Minister was welcomed by the CEM of KHADC on the ground floor along with the EMs. The Chief Minister was seated in the Official Gallery and the Chief Minister sat for about 15 minutes and then left.
We must remember that the goal here is to uplift the poor.
This was announced by Reginald Thabah Education Secretary FKJGP Central Body.
On the other hand, the construction contractors and the housing department of the state government want the government to implement the new price for the year 2021-2 as they have already sent to verify their request.
Shillong, July 20: The Central Election Committee of the BJP has not yet announced its candidates for the MLA elections in Meghalaya today. of the country is not yet village.
Now, I want to know from the Government whether after the dismissal of the DC, the investigation is still ongoing, or whether anyone has not done so, because the order of the DC should stand,” he said. said.
India is the largest producer, consumer and exporter of shynrai in the world.
Shillong, Nailur 24: “It is true that a submarine cable from Singapore has arrived in Chittagong in Bangladesh and there have been talks for a long time to bring the line to the North Eastern states of India. “The issue that India and Bangladesh are talking about is the price, because as it is now, the price of Bangladesh is The price of Internet from Chennai is higher than the price of Internet.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the road construction department will now call a new tender for the remaining works.
They have also written to the CEM of KHADC to ask for at least six months and that we will send their views and suggestions.
The match will start at 11 pm on the 17th of this month at Smit.
“The agreement between the group and shops or hospitals has been signed mainly in Assam and in Meghalaya, talks are ongoing with the three hospitals of Nazareth, Bethany and Woodland Hospital,” he said. managing director Das.
On the other hand, APWs President Aabhijeet Sharma said that their visit was to see that after Christmas the Union Home Minister will meet with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya. .
The helpline numbers of the States and UTs on COVID-19 can also be obtained.
Speaking as the chief guest, L Mohanto IG of BSF in charge of Eastern Frontier congratulated the BSF and said that it is a good thing that it has been able to complete the the repair of this school before the children start school.
Speaking to media after a meeting with the members of CoMSO, Dr Mukul said the most important thing now is to implement the MRSSA Act and after that if there is a need to amend it, it will be done. for all the laws can be changed.
The demonetisation has affected the collection of personal income tax.
On this occasion, the Minister of Education also distributed the syrnot.
The current award ceremony is for the trainees of the July to April 2023 session which includes 1400 youths from different parts of the North Eastern States.
Police are investigating to identify the suppliers of the drugs.
After the JHADC has prepared the Working Plan, it has issued permission to the public to cut down trees with the permission of the JHADC. The felling of trees within the boundary of JHADC is ongoing.
The Minister praised the hard work of the Assam Rifles which has strengthened the implementation of its powers within the Army.
This year, in the morning, there was a Bam Tyngkong at Langdoh's house, a Loompyrdi village at Langdoh's house, a Sympat ïung. The Deiñkhlam, Kymbood Khnong, Khnong Blai and 14 colors were brought to the Syiem Aitnar Pond in the presence of thousands of spectators from all over Ri Khasi Jaintia.
Swangre Daat, Damangre, Dalbot Dagar, Dalbot Dagar, Swangre Acheng, Rongkhang, Swangre Nongrim, Swangre Hamegoan, Swangre Chengsi, Nongshram Rongbeng, Dymmut Dapo, Dymmut Daong, Chimimang A Rongre B, Dorangre B, Dorangre B. Mawbon Riangna, Mawbon Chithu, Mawbon Agar, Kyllon Mathei, Langtur, Miangmawdor, Riangju, Nengchigre, Matchokkhanram, Miangmawdor, Roangju, Roangshi Bokchung .
Many states of India and other countries of the world have participated in this prayer for India and the world as a whole.
/2014/05/01, Dated: Wapungskur, 15May, 2014? Why was the Notification No. 129/2014/37 issued announcing the transfer of Khliehriat C&RD Block to Wapung C&RD Block? The Deed of Gift dated April 21, 2017? Why was less than 1.5 lakh tyngka spent to inaugurate the foundation stone at Wapungskur on April 22, 2017 for the construction of the Wapung C&RD Block Office? Why was Work Order No.WDB/ENG/MGNREGA/BNGRSK/W.o.
Shillong, Iaiong 24: Meghalaya Police today on receipt of the abduction of a 17-year-old schoolgirl have launched an investigation and the girl has been arrested. released from the hands of the authorities from Nongumlong.
Rakkam while speaking on the protest by Bah Ardent which has been going on for more than three days.
These include the provision of electricity, bank deposits, insurance programs and medicines.
Speaking to reporters, KSU President Bah Lambokstrwell Marngar said that the KSU will meet the Deputy CEM to express its opposition to the proposal to buy land for the army. The Deputy CEM promised not to give permission.
In my opinion, especially at this time, the fight against Corona Virus is more than the fight against Corona Virus because of the increase in the price of food and beverages in the shops. rental car.
The workshop was held to discuss how to keep Shillong clean and the goal of the city is known as 'Operation City Clean-Up'
We have strengthened security and we hope that in a day or two we will be able to control the situation," he added.
Regarding their visit to the office of the Meghalaya Aids Control Society (MACS), it was by mutual understanding and not as alleged that they were forced to attend the rally.
Shillong, Naitung 10: The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday said that if the residents have any complaint against the distribution of ration, they can lodge a complaint by calling If you have any questions, please contact us at 1800-345-3670 or whatsapp at
The next four days are expected to attract more people after the successful first day.
In these years he has worked hard to introduce the Khasi alphabet and in honor of him the Government has decided that the 22nd of July will be a public holiday. in the state every year.
Speaking to reporters in the presence of officials of the Hima Sohra, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne said that the meeting with the Chief Minister was to urge the government to take measures to save the society. This is the government's dewbilat factory located in Sohra.
U Bah Pyrkhatbha Patwad was elected as the president of the JYF. Other office bearers are Vice President Tyrmir Laurong, Gent Secretary-Bristan Hynthong, Asst Secretary-Bristan Hynthong. Martin Hynthong and five other office bearers of the Executive Committee.
What is more surprising is that until these days, the children of the thousands have not heard from the 15 old and new MLA/MDCs regarding the boundary of the Hima Mylliem, on the rules and regulations. The Mylliem Syiemship Act 2007 and the Rule 2015 of the Hima Mylliem have been passed by the KHADC authorities. improve the Acts and Rules of the Hima Mylliem.
Up to 1634 male and female dancers took part in the three-day Shad Suk Mynsiem which ended on Tuesday.
The Meghalaya Asha Workers Union (MWU) has demanded that the law be passed.
This directive comes following the recent appearance of several announcements about websites, advertisements in the media, electronic media and social and online media.
The Central Recruitment Board of the Police Department has clarified that this was not issued by the office.
However, when inquired, the guard said that the problems caused by the tower in Nongkyndah are due to the lack of electricity and some of the equipment has been damaged for years.
It is for this reason that we should look carefully when we look at the development of the community.
According to sources, the incident happened on Tuesday night when the mother bombed her son until he died.
On this occasion, the Seng has decided to take measures to appoint another Doctor Incharge to assist so that there will be no delay in the working methods in the field of health. you can't die you can't live in Paidbah.
Shillong, Nailur 2: Four persons were injured in a collision between a dumper and a Maruti Swift on Shillong-Pynrusla road at Laitlyngkot today. Hospital According to sources, the injured were inside the Maruti Swift. Pynursla Police Station has rushed to the scene.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: Jowai Police have received a complaint that a 12-year-old boy has been abducted and raped by a man on Monday.
At present, more than 300 participants have participated.
Paolienlal Haokip MLA of 59 Saikot A/C Churachandpur was the chief guest and Shamjetsabam Sarjubala Devi was the chief guest. Umesh Kumar Nayal, PPMG, PPMDS, Inspector General STC BSF Churachandpur.
Police also arrested Rustom Ali, Raja Marboh, Tasaruf Ali and Nurul Islam who were hiding in the Kalibari forest in Karimganj district.
Regarding the extinguishing of the fire, the police used foam to extinguish the fire. The fire brigade had to rescue the vehicle.
Shillong, July 26: U Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), has expressed his concern over the Khasi customs and traditions.
It is for this reason that the Assam Government has now set up a police battalion in Block II while the Meghalaya Government has set up a police outpost in Mawlasnai.
The Vice President of India said that the road from Shillong to Dawki is very important as it connects to Chittagong, the port of Bangladesh. earth.
The FKS expresses its gratitude to the State Government for the decision to close down schools, cinemas and bars.
? If the answer is that they have an important role, why should this happen as it is now, but if the answer is no.
This is the first time that the farmers have been able to convey to the Chief Minister the problems they face in the market and they hope that the market will be closed. there will be change in the coming years.
The Road Construction Department today promised the MSPB to complete the bridge at Williamnagar in Wahsinsang and the Sahsniang-Kuriliya bridge connecting with Assam. in the year
NGOs who wish to apply can collect the application forms prepared by the office from the office of the District Planning Officer, Khliehriat.
HSPDP President KP Pangniang said that the party will soon send its recommendations on the reservation policy to the Chairperson of the Reservation Roster, Ampareen Lyngdoh, who is also the Minister of Law.
The match was very friendly but in the end the club of Kynton-U-Mon beat the club of Rngikseh 2-1
But the obvious answer is yes, no one would dare to insult his own parents who have raised and cared for us.
Shillong, Nailar 27: BSF seized 17 cows worth T.3 lakh tyngka from Khasi Hills on the border with Bangladesh. price T.2 lakh.
Answering questions, the Prime Minister admitted that those outlets which have been photographed and spread on social media are not foreign outlets. The Prime Minister said that it is not the time to blame anyone but to ensure that the game goes smoothly.
However, they know that all the posts are not available until 2022 because the result notifications of the MPSC show the figures from 1972-2
When SP News Agency visited the site where these entry and exit points have been constructed in Umling, it was seen that the work is in progress and the houses have almost been completed. one room of this also remained only a wall.
The meeting was accompanied by the Leaders of the West Jaintia Hills District Unit General Secretary.
Those who are eligible for this degree must have passed Class XII in any line except Fine Art. The course is in three grades.
Shillong, Naitung 03: The KHNAM has alleged that the state government through the District Council Affairs Department has violated the powers and independence of the Autonomous District Councils including the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council. In accordance with the provisions of the Trading by Non Tribal Act
As the leader of the party, he said that there is no such intention, it is just a joke, this was made clear in front of the police who summoned to appear today. which obeyed the summons to appear.
Information about the MOTHER App is available on the dashboard through the website.
In the last five years, I have repealed at least one law once a day that is no longer appropriate.
Although the location is difficult on the roads, it was pleasant to participate with the students of this school who have explained the explanations about the environment and to take a pledge to take care of the environment. You have been appointed by the District Administration.
They gave him drugs, they gave him kiad.
Speaking at the meeting, Dr. Ampareen said that her visit to the area was not only to open the X.Ray machine but also to see the desire of the Dorbar Shnong to upgrade the X.Ray machine. PHC to CHC as requested by the Dorbar Shnong.
New Delhi, Nailar 07: Information on investment in startups through the North East Venture Fund (NEVF) since its inception in terms of investment, location and employment.
This will involve a large sum of money to be sent to the beneficiaries.
KHNAM said this in response to a meeting of the All Ribhoi Garo Headmen Association with the Chief Minister to demand the post of Rangbah Shnong.
For more information, filmmakers should contact the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, Shillong or the Member Secretary of the Film Screening Committee, Shillong. of East Khasi Hills, Shillong.
The strike of taxis, buses and other commercial vehicles has affected the markets, not only the market in Shillong, but all the markets in the rural areas which should have been closed today. There are no taxis and buses to earn money and transport people.
Replying to a question by Bah George B Lyngdoh MLA Umroi, the Minister said that all the factories on government land in Umiam are subject to the permission of the MSPC. dealing with the discharge of industrial smoke.
Issues related to vaccine hesitancy and medication wastage were also discussed.
Now, the surprising thing is that these factories have stopped even loading the vehicles of the locals.
NEC Secretary K Moses Chalai said that the 12 kms, 5.45 kms railway project on the Indian side has been funded by DoNER and the NEC at a cost of T.863 crore.
The Customs has decided to fight against wildlife trafficking at the border and other illegal activities and will also work with other groups involved in wildlife trafficking.
He left behind his wife Nune Grigoryan, according to John Kharshiing.
One of the unique aspects of PMKSK is the provision of soil and seed testing facilities.
“If (the KHADC wants) I am ready to explain and I am a resident of RR Colony and the Residential Certificate has been issued to me by the RR Colony Welfare Society,” said Bah Hek. the media.
During the meeting, Bah Sanbor Shullai spoke on the political situation in the state.
Dr DD Lapang in his speech as the chief guest promised the MAWU that he is ready to be the mediator between the union and the government to raise their concerns.
Shillong, Iaiong 18: Police have found the body of a newborn child in Lyngdiengmet, Umpling. Hospital to do what you need.
Regarding the allegations, Jiva has removed the sign “Jiva Care” and only the sign “I Love Shillong” remains. The board does not contain the words Jiva Care.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The Career Guidance Counseling and Information Wing of the Meghalaya Judo Association in collaboration with the IL&FS Skill Training Institute, Shillong will conduct a training for job seekers on skill development training and how to get jobs. .
At the same time, he said these changes have come in China and in the years to come there will be more changes, said the Dalai Lama.
Gavin M Mylliem MLA Sohra was the chief guest. Others who were present were Bah DP Wahlang, Chief Secretary, FR Kharkongor, Principal Secretary, Community and Rural Development Department, SC Sadhu, Commissioner and Secretary, Community and Rural Development Department, RM Kurbah, Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District and others.
Jeremiah Dkhar, President of HYC Maweit Circle, in a statement today, expressed his dissatisfaction with the Meghalaya government's negligence and negligence of the people of the area. It seems that the entire Maweit area no longer falls under the jurisdiction of the Sam border and the Meghalaya government.
While many countries have been able to comply with the WHO Framework Convention on Tobacco Control (FCTC), there are other countries in the world that have introduced laws and regulations based on their findings.
Shillong, March 21: Due to heavy rain and wind in the past two days, a large tree on the ground floor of the Cathedral Church in Laitumkhrah, known as The Catholic Church was destroyed but no one was injured.
The Prime Minister said it is the duty of the government to do so and if the government does not do so, it is against the decision of the High Court.
The journalists also had the opportunity to talk to State Government officers, Rangbah Shnongs and beneficiaries of government welfare schemes.
Shillong, July 10: Most of the farmers in Meghalaya who live on the border with Bangladesh earn their living from the cultivation of tyrpad leaves. war.
In Germany, for example, 21.7% of the 2.1 million companies have at least 10 employees.
According to the report, 66% of the respondents said that they started smoking at the age of 20-25.45% of the respondents said that they could not quit smoking, because there were no other options. .
To improve revenue collection is not only from GST, but also from other non-GST revenues, such as revenue collection from land resources which the government is struggling to overcome tax evasion and other ways to improve.
Therefore, this will be of great benefit especially to the girls to have the opportunity to self-defense if someone wants to rape and rape women.
At the same time, it has not refused to condemn Russia's invasion of Ukraine, using its powers as a permanent member of the U.N. Security Council to avoid any criticism or punishment. in Russia.
The Regional Committee for Ribhoi District headed by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah Prestone Tynsong as Chairman has decided to meet with the Regional Committee for Assam in November, 2023 to discuss the issue. and the settlement of the areas between the border dispute on the border of Assam and the Ribhoi area, which still falls under Meghalaya.
RV Suchiang, Commissioner and Secretary in charge of Personnel Department, said that such an order has been issued from time to time regarding the recruitment of casual workers in government departments.
They say that the most beautiful young woman was married between two kings, Mawryngkhang and Mawpator.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: Three persons from East Khasi Hills District have tested positive for COVID-19, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today announced. the whole state.
This survey provides basic information to calculate the country's gross domestic product (GDP).
The MSL tournament will be held in the first month of June, and the final will be played in Shillong at the SSA Stadium. The finalist will receive a cash prize of Rs 5 lakh while the runner-up will receive a cash prize of Rs 3 lakh.
South West Garo Hills district has a 38 km border with Bangladesh.
The company officials have agreed and said that they have sent to the authorities of the company to take the necessary action and the union said that the company must verify this demand otherwise the company will suffer. .
The recruitment for the post of Soldier Technical, Soldier Clerks/Store Keeper Technical and Soldier Nursing Assistant for the North Eastern Region of India will be held on the 24th of this month.
Through this Youth Festival whose theme is “YOUTH FOR UNITY” not only the youth of the 8 North Eastern States of India have participated. However, youths from other 20 states of the North East like Punjab, Bihar, UP, Himachal Pradesh, Jammu and Kashmir etc also came to take part in the 3rd North East Youth Festival Unity in Diversity).
NESO demands from the Prime Minister, the Home Minister and the Chief Minister of Delhi to provide protection to the people of North East who are in the country. place.
Shillong, Iaiong 03: The VPP party has brought to life the Reservation Policy and Roster System in the last Assembly according to the decision of the Meghalaya High Court. Once again, this issue affects the employment of the Khasi-Jaintia youth.
At this meeting, the KHADC also informed that the issuance of Schedule Tribes Certificates should be done by the District Council and the District Council should be empowered to issue certificates to the Schedule Tribes. it is with the earth.
On the other hand, the 13 organizations said that they are sending a message to the government that if the government continues to delay in implementing the Entry and Exit Points according to the law passed by the government of M.Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The FKJGP strongly opposes the order of the District School Education Officer to withhold the report cards of those children who have not been vaccinated against Measles-Rubella.
She said the people of Meghalaya believe that 'U Basa' or god lives in the forests.
After the train stopped in Kanpur the next morning, the police from this place forced the children to send the body outside.
The police chief said it was confirmed that the truck was carrying Koke from the shllan recovered from the collapsed vehicle.
He also urged the youth that in many jobs there are many obstacles and challenges but they should not be surprised by that and should move forward.
“On this day, the rangiakura of the country have been able to win the tournament.
Through all these steps for aviation-related infrastructure, connectivity in the north-east through this means of transportation has experienced huge strides.
The owners of trucks and many of the loans have to be paid to the banks by the owners of vehicles of their relatives and some of them have been forced to pay the loans to the banks because they cannot pay the loans.
Explaining about the proposal to sell land to the BSF, Bah Marcus Lapasam said that if the proposal to sell land to the BSF is successful, it means that almost all the farmers and villages in the area will be affected. Umtyrnga, they will be affected, because according to their knowledge along with the documents they have.
Bah Roykupar said that if the government finds that there is something wrong, it takes JCBs to demolish houses or shops, but the question is why the government doesn't do anything about them. When the government has known for six months that the areas under the jurisdiction of the Cantonment State are drug traffickers, the union has done what it should do whether the government will do it or not.
The government has directed all officers in the districts and blocks not to leave their places and to monitor the death of pigs.
Jowai, July 30: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) has requested RTI to find out how many cement companies have already purchased and registered in Narpuh, Sutnga and Rymbai districts. JHADC which is the land manager in Jaintia Hills.
He was accompanied by the Director of Urban Development, Bah E Kharmalki, CEO of Shillong Municipal Board, Bah BS Sohlya, Executive Engineer of SMB and other officers.
He said that the union has already met with the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) and MUDA on this issue but they have not been able to explain the origin of these new buildings in Iew Mawlong. .
I’m also available at any time if you need clarification.
Leaders of the Education Cell of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday night at 1:00 pm visited PGT College, Shillong after receiving information about their overnight stay. students in the grounds of this college just to get the form for continuing their studies Bachelor of Education.
If the Government is in charge, it will be better.
At the time of publication, the damage has not been estimated.
In his speech, the Prime Minister said that such celebrations are to allow the youth to showcase their talents.
At the time of the incident, Elis Lyngdoh and Jes Lyngdoh were still at home and when they heard the noise they went outside and found that the well had collapsed and their house had been damaged.
The four new MLAs are Conrad K Sangma, who is known from South Tura, although he was in the House as the Chief Minister of the state but he is still the new MLA who won the election. In the second half, Bah Pius Marwein of Ranikor, Marcuise N Marak of Williamnagar and Smti Miani D Shira.
Speaking after being admitted to the Congress party, Himalaya Shangpliang said that his desire to join the Congress party is not now, but it has been since he was a child. Your dream has come true today.
There are 20 cases in East Khasi Hills, 1 case in East Garo Hills, 14 cases in Ri Bhoi and 44 cases in West Garo Hills. and Ri Bhoi 2 cases, and West Garo Hills 6 cases.
“Whether the people accept or not, we have to move forward with this demand,” said Pangniang. and Garoland, the job allocation will no longer exist because 80% of the jobs may be Khasi-Jaintia.
Speaking on the occasion, the BSF Chief of Staff said that this is to bring about unity in the country and this has instilled in the minds of the people. The celebration started on 01/12/2022 and will end on 15/12/2
The Railway Department together with the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government are working with the State Governments to ensure the smooth running of the work in the event of any incident.
As the union has always stood on the basis of the extension of the retirement period of those officers who should have retired, the union strongly opposes the decision of the government and the The Government should not extend the retirement period but should allow those who should have retired to retire while the vacancies should be handed over to qualified officers to take over the post. They are not skilled at all but they can become more skilled in working to provide adequate services to the state as a whole.
The objective of the CMRG is to encourage research in the fields of Arts & Culture, Indigenous Peoples, Language, Heritage, Monuments and others.
Avoid buildings or unsafe areas such as houses, sports facilities, golf courses, playgrounds and playgrounds.
Bah Kynsailin Kharphanbuh, resident of Lum Mawbah, Block-3, Upper Shillong, has gone missing from his home on October 1, 2024 at 11:00 pm. :00 pm and he didn't come home until today.
The government wants to reach 4.5 lakh households, the government wants everyone to get this benefit and to do this there is a lot of documents to prove and this is still going on now. too.
In his speech, the Chief Minister directed the village officials that if any farmers wish to plant these crops, they can register and promised that the seeds will be delivered to the the villages in which they live.
According to sources, police together with magistrates went to Lapalang, Bihari Colony to inspect the houses allegedly built illegally in the area. place.
It will perform the traditional Kola dance and the tribes who participate in this dance.
The BJP has said that according to the Constitution of the country, it will not be ignored.
We have already experienced the misery of the people and the debt collection of the state government through corporations and undertakings which has deceived the people and destroyed the state like MCCL, MeECL and MTC which are the Therefore, the BJYM in its meeting held on 4th May 2017, requests the people of the state to The state should be vigilant and farsighted in this regard, not to succumb to the deceptions of the state government.
Supporting the students, HYC President Bah Roykurpar Synrem said, “Recently, the Minister of Education has promised to the students that they will receive the scholarship within two or three months. Unfortunately, for three months, the students have not received the scholarship.
The trailer of the film was also released and the entire film was screened for more than 3 hours in the presence of the participants and guests.
The Shnong Authorities shall henceforth be responsible for the peace and order within the Shnong.
The purpose of the National Teachers' Award is to celebrate the outstanding contribution of teachers in the country and the idea behind the National Teachers' Award is to celebrate the outstanding contribution of teachers in the country and to honor those teachers, who have worked physically and spiritually, to improve the education and lives of their students.
It is also unfortunate that many of our leaders have not yet noticed the appearance and appearance of the word “Khasi States” in The First Schedule
Prestone said that besides the form to be issued tomorrow, the government will also provide telephone numbers where people can call to inform the government that they want to return home.
" said Bah Satly Ryngkhlem, Rangbah Shnong of Wapungskur.
He said that after this meeting, the government will invite the ANVC and ANVC-B to sign a peace agreement.
They discussed the continued closeness between India and the US in cooperation in areas related to emerging technologies such as key and innovative technologies, advanced computing, artificial intelligence, and others.
The meeting was also attended by the Chief Police Officers of Assam, the Central Government and many prominent personalities.
At present, 97% of Meghalaya falls under the Sixth Schedule but 3% is still exempt and 3% of the land in Meghalaya does not fall under the Sixth Schedule and these areas are inhabited by foreigners. The truth is that if the ILP is implemented in Meghalaya, the CAA will not be implemented in Meghalaya. The Governor of Meghalaya will approve the MRSSA (Amendment Bill) 2020 and the Central Government will accept the implementation of the Bengal Regulation 1873 for implementation in Meghalaya.
He said that the party does not want to see Meghalaya become like Assam, Tripura and Sikkim where the influx of mynder has overwhelmed the villagers with the arrival of the railway.
Shillong, November 16: U Bah Latiplang Kharkongor MDC of Malki Nongthymmai on Tuesday said that if the Inner Line Permit cannot be issued in Meghalaya, , if it is true, the Central Government should not have given the state of Jammu & Kashmir its own self-government.
However, at the same time, the Rangbah Shnong said that at present nothing can be said about the new government because the important thing is that it should show by its actions.
Speaking to reporters on Tuesday, Kong Kurbah said that according to the census, 77 people have remained while others have left and some have gone to the country. other states of the country.
Earlier, HANM leaders received phone calls from the Secretary to the President and also from the Private Secretary to the President to confirm how many people will meet the President of India.
These Reports are expected to differ from other Reports produced by the G7s in the past.
The public is welcome to attend in person or participate through online platforms or Virtual Conference to get the final decision on their disputes.
Speaking on the allegation that the government has not done anything for the insurgents who came to talk peace with the government, UALA Chairman Novembirth Marak said, He said that the government does whatever it does in the open without hiding anything in order to bring lasting peace in the area.
Recently, police have found that some people have used a video of private individuals and posted it on social media, where it has been edited and posted in a way that is private to watch. This is against the Information Technology Act,
The prize money ranges from 1 lakh to 10 lakh tyngka. Besides the cash prize, the winners will also receive a prize of gold, digital cameras, mobile phones and others every day.
“The Director has promised to inspect the condition of the building in the coming days and has also promised to send the PWD (Building) department to hand over the building to the DERT so that to implement it," the statement concluded.
Shillong, Nailar 24: The Khasi Hills District Regulation Act 2021 has been passed by the State Legislative Assembly.
The reception of the two PDF MLAs to the NPP will be held tomorrow morning at the party headquarters where they will be welcomed by the National President Conrad K Sangma who is the Chief Minister of the state.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the budget requirement will start on 20/3/2023 and the dates of the dorbar will be decided by the BAC which will be convened by the Speaker of the House. to decide.
The meeting was led by the President of the party, Samla Liatphar Syngkrem and other office bearers of the party.
The memories that the mind gives us are the strong bridge that it gives us to turn back to the wisdom and light and teachings of the past before we turn and rise again to the lights of the present. and the future.
He said that his resignation from the UDF is because he is disappointed with the current political situation in the KHADC.
A review of the implementation of schemes by the North Eastern Council has been completed.
Shillong, July 06: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that it is sad to see that some of these people don't know how to honor the people of Meghalaya. freedom fighters, regardless of how it happened when freedom fighters were allowed to promote freedom.
The KSU therefore requests all to come together on that day to take a decision against uranium.
Mawkyrwat, Naiwieng 25: The KSU Sanshnong Area Unit has demanded from the MePDCL office to pay compensation for the electric shock to a student of Maharam Government Higher Secondary School Mawkywat.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The FKJGP Seng Kmie, as part of expressing its solidarity and aspiration of the Jaidbynriew Hynniewtrep for the implementation of the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Eight Scheduled, has given its full support to the The Khasi Author Society (KAS) has decided to hold a march tomorrow 5th June 2017 starting from Jaïaw Shyiap Hall, Shillong at 11.30 pm to Student Jaïaw Square.
Referring to the BJP's demand on the allegations of corruption in GHADC and JHADC, he said the government has not hesitated to do so and the government will take a decision in the next few days. Cornad K Sangma said that the demand to send an inquiry to the CBI will be looked into.
“Yoga improves the body's ability to fight disease.
After this, in the evening, the Langdoh will visit the Khnong Blai, bring with him the Pyrnah and the Pyrjin to thank the Creator for the orderly rituals, followed by the Bam Tyngkong. Before all these, in the morning, the Wasan went to the Muhor of Kynthiar as part of the contribution of the phra kur phra kmai of the seiñ Raij to the religious work. The Raij fed the Sangia in their own houses.
Shillong, Nailar: The 12 hour curfew called by the civil society has gone smoothly without any incident during the curfew hours.
The MHRC has directed the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya to respond within 15 days from the date of sending the letter for information. your own investigation.
As the discussion has been going on for four years, if one gate takes four years, there is a problem, the government has said to complete within 40 days the entry and exit points. government.
Launching the portal, the Governor said, “Now is the time for us to open the training methods.
The Union believes and hopes to join hands with the Union for the benefit of many churches.
On the other hand, the MDCs who attended the meeting were Boston Ch Marak Chairman GHADC, Wenison Ch Marak EM Incharge Revenue and Kurosh M Marak EM Incharge Taxation. how they have used the money received from the central government.
“Bah Nongtraw said that the formation of the HNLC was based on the rights of the past.
This was announced at a press conference held by the Secretary, Information and Broadcasting and Telecommunications, Apurva Chandra; Govind Mohan, Secretary, Culture and Secretary, Youth Affairs, Meeta Rajivlochan in New Delhi today.
Patel, although in the midst of illness and advanced age, had a farther vision of how to rebuild and unite India.
There have been five deaths today, two from East Khasi Hills, one from South West Garo Hills, one from West Garo Hills and one from West Jaintia Hills.
The theme of this month of the NCC is how to protect the environment.
The Minister said that commercial vehicles have been allowed to start operating according to the circumstances in the districts and that up to 20% of the commercial vehicles in the districts depend on the DCs but they cannot. to exceed 20%.
He also directed scientists and officers to develop their own technologies to reduce India's dependence on other countries.
Guwahati, Naitung 11: Speaking at the launch of the Digital North East 2022 by Union Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad in Guwahati, Chief Minister Conrad Sangma said that the country Meghalaya is one of the states in India with the lowest number of telephones.
This has put the people in a quandary.
The 8 km marathon was inaugurated by the Additional Deputy Commissioner, Bah A.Nongbri in the presence of the District Sports Officer in charge of West Khasi Hills District, Mairang. Nongstoin, Kong B.Syiem and staff of the Sports Department, witnessed the participation of 57 male and female marathon runners from the area.
Jowai,Kylla lyngkot,03:KSU Laskein Circle has held a ceremony to commemorate the death anniversary of Woh Kiangnangbah. on December 30,
With this power, the Customs Office has been able to fight against the illegal trade in wildlife.
Also present on the occasion were the Rangbah Shnongs, Village Authorities, School Teachers and Residents. The Rangbah Shnongs thanked the BSF for their assistance to the villages in the border areas. .
The site for the construction of the block has been allocated with a round stone and the block will be operational from today.
The Syiemiong Kur have alleged that the District Council's action is only an attack on the Syiemiong Kur by appointing as Acting Chief a person who is not entitled to the post of Syiem. Province.
There will also be various programs including Cultural Dance & Folk Song Competition, Workshops and Seminars, Group Discussion, Quiz Competition etc. They will have the opportunity to learn and learn about many things to build their own identity and India as a whole.
The MLA explained that the intention is to build a Futsal ground and a Children's Park,” said Michael Hek.
Shillong, June 01: The Additional Chief Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya in charge of the General Administration (A) Department has declared the 15th of June as a public holiday in the entire East Khasi Hills District.
Of these 1.12 crore jobs, women account for 69 lakh (62%).
Roy Kupar Synrem (BA, LLB) Shella was elected as the General Secretary, two Assistant General Secretaries were elected. Mr Marcos R Marthong (Class XII) Upper Shillong, Publicity Secretary Mr Marcos R Marthong (Class XII) Mawthadraishan. Socio Cultural Secretary- Mr Sranly Rongrin (B.A) Mawthengkut, Environment Secretary- Mr Marbud, Biam (B.Com) Umiam, Office Secretary- Mr Agustine Lyngdoh Nonglait ( Class X) Mawlai, Asst Education Secretary- Mr Joplang Kharnaior (BCA) Nongthliew, Asst.Organizing Secretary- Mr Danny Z Mukhim (Class XII) Mawlai, Asst.Organising Secretary- Mr John Lyngdoh (Class XII) Mawprem.
In this regard, the FKJGP warns the government authorities to be more strict and not to ignite the fire through such actions which could lead to something unpleasant.
This comes after a mother working under the Tura Municipal Board was demanded money in the name of the GNLA. to punish those who have committed this crime according to the rules and regulations of the party.
“We checked to see if there were indeed any complaints for this vaccine from other vaccination centers.
We have met the Executive Committee of the village where we have discussed this issue and unanimously we have agreed that it is not right to issue Trading License or Labor License to anyone. “If we do that (issue license) we will not know which job we will give and what kind of job we will not give,” he said.
People are urged to check with the ICTC and IEC to find out for themselves.
and Reuben's son.
These teeth were seized under Section 50 of the WLPA, 1972, as amended from time to time.
Secretary Ban Shylla and Chief Advisor and former President DS Sulein.
The Chief Minister said that although there are people who have their own license to purchase these items, they have to submit a report to the government every three months.
NPP Leader Conrad said that this election is very important because the people of Ampati Constituency are ready to accept changes and will be ready to be in power. .
Sampath Kumar, Principal Secretary, Government of Meghalaya, expressed his feelings by saying, “The nature of children is that they love to play and it is important that we recognize and know the role of importance play for the holistic development of children.
This is in response to the Chief Minister's appeal to all to contribute as much as possible as part of the fight against covid1
On the same day, the Minister also awarded 13 teachers with the State Award, three teachers with the District Award and three others as special awards.
“I would like to thank Vodafone India for giving me such an opportunity which I never imagined in my life and this will encourage me to continue my relationship with the company,” he said. the Government.
He said the department has decided to take all necessary measures to raise awareness among the people and especially the youth to come forward on polling day.
The Central Government has also issued an order that if anyone is found hiding piat in the market and causing price increase in the market, those who violate the rules laid down by the Central Government will not be punished.
Even those who are small and weak are willing to do so, while those who affect the stability of the government are not willing to do so. .
Shillong, Lber 16: The Education Cell of the KSU WJHDU under the leadership of the Education Secretary of the Government Boys Higher Secondary School Jowai today inspected the Government Boys Higher Secondary School Jowai and found many shortcomings in the school. Samla Tyngshaiñ Krem, District Leaders, General Secretary Samla Leningrad Tariang and others visited the school after receiving a complaint from the residents of the area. shift Arts Stream Morning shift students have to teach about 85 students and teachers have only 6 teachers especially the teachers who have to serve both the Science lab - It was urged to build this school as soon as possible so that the students of this school can get adequate training facilities.
Replying to a question by Bah Karnes Sohshang regarding the Constitution Rules 2019, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, Head of Elaka Department, said that it remains with the governor.
Regarding the border with Bangladesh, the government has set up 14 police stations, checkpoints on the border and conducted checkpoints on the border with Bangladesh.
The speakers at the meeting said that TB is caused by bacteria and this disease can be easily cured but if not treated properly the patient can lose his life.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday handed over the case to the CBI for further investigation. investigate further.
There are five candidates for the 1-Shillong Parliamentary seat. These candidates are Vincent H Pala of the Congress, Paul Lyngdoh of the UDP and Shibun Lyngdoh of the UDP. BJP, Amerington Kharshiing of AAP and Richard Sahbong of CPI(M) are the candidates from the political parties.
Regarding the traffic of commercial vehicles and private vehicles, the DC said that commercial vehicles ending in numbers 0,2,4,6 and 8 will operate on Monday. Tuesdays and Thursdays, as well as private vehicles ending in these numbers will travel on these days.
The villages which have lost their transformers are Mindigre, Matcha, Nokpante, Brugittim and Masighat. The loss of these transformers has been going on for more than a month but MeECL has not done anything yet. .
It also said that the Khasi language should continue to write and fill and enrich the present nation, and has the right to be recognized as the official language of India.
Tourists have to walk on paths built step-by-step only with wooden bridges.
The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya has asked the Chairman of the Railway Board to take action to protect the people of Meghalaya and other people from North East who come by this train. Station.
Jowai, Naiwieng 24: The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District has enforced Section 144 CrPC against all the candidates contesting the mid-term MDC elections. They are not allowed to post posters or write on slogans during the MDC Election without permission.
Shillong, Nailar 28: The Congress party in India today held a massive protest against the NDA government over the proposal to hold the JEE and NEE examinations in India.
The people can judge that if the KSU does anything even on minor issues, its members will be arrested without any reason. However, members of such organizations have never been arrested by the police which shows that there may be some nexus behind it.
Shillong, Naiwieng 3: The Women's National League for Democracy (NLD) today held a peace rally at Soso Tham Hall at the State Central Library. Social Media and Bengali Hindus are not allowed.
The drinking and eating is painful.
As part of these programmes, 6,15,806 people have been screened for sickle cell disease and 2,59,193 sickle cell ID cards have been distributed to those who have been screened.
In the HSSLC examination, Eastern West Khasi Hills District had the highest pass percentage with 92.32 per cent while South Garo Hills District had the lowest pass percentage with 56.30 percent.
This statement is against the human dignity and is insulting especially to this female officer and which the Seng strongly condemns.
Latiplang Kharkongor is the MDC who has won four terms from Nongthymmai Constituency from 2004 to 2019. This year he has won from the same constituency. He has been the EM of many ECs, such as the Ministry of Commerce and the Ministry of Lands and as a party he has been given the confidence to be a leader.
Assam Governor Gulab Chand Kataria, Assam Chief Minister Himanta BiswaSarma, Union Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Mansukh Mandaviya, Union Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare, Dr Bharati Pawar and Ministers from the Government of Assam were present on the occasion along with other dignitaries.
It may be recalled that the residents of Brichyrnot on the 19th of this month which was scheduled to hold a public hearing on the request of Star Cement to take more land, the residents came out and protested. pulom on that day.
Regarding the security forces, he said that 119 companies have arrived in the state but the Election Commission has sent 120 companies. companies, a total of 40 companies, the remaining companies will come after the voting.
In this way, the ITC Beverages and Food Production Department has encouraged the purchase of products from Indian farmers and this will help the income of the farmers. in India.
In an interview with Bah David, son of Dr Sailo, he expressed his sorrow over this incident because Dr Sailo has done many things for the village but When this happens, they cannot do anything and the family members also accept the warning of the village.
Use of the Aarogya Setu app, The use of the Aarogya Setu mobile application will continue to be encouraged.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The failure to complete the third phase of the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme-III (GSWSS) has prompted the residents of Shillong to seek permission to dig wells in the areas. of them that they have.
They were identified as Deepak Thapa, 29, Dilbur Ali, 24, Rahidul Amin, 24, Liakat Ali, 42, all from Guwahati and two children.
: The Cabinet of Ministers of the State Government on Tuesday approved the proposal to implement the scheme of the Central Government for the provision of financial assistance to the poor prisoners detained in various jails of the State.
The General Secretary of the party, Bah Hainess Marbaniang, today met with the Governor and handed over a letter of invitation. The presence of the Governor of the State will continue to enrich.
The Assam Rifles is a multi-purpose force with two battalions in Jammu & Kashmir and one NDRF battalion to provide disaster relief.
This is not the way to proclaim peace, if peace has rules it is not true peace.
Shillong- January 15: The exhibition of Indian flags will be held in Kathmandu, Nepal from 14th July,
During this investigation, it was discovered that there were fake loans, fake interest rates, fake premium through these fake companies.
“Regarding the election of syiems in many Himas, only a few syiems have been elected and the people have been allowed to elect the syiems because the Khasi rule is the rule of the people,” he said. Burning.
I'm from East Jaintia Hills District.
These could be considered to loosen some restrictions from 20 June.
In his speech, the Union Minister in charge of Defense and Cooperation said that through the collaboration of PACS and CSC, today two resolutions of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi have been achieved. Modi to strengthen cooperatives and promote Digital India.
Home Minister Amit Shah said the work of the Official Language Committee has done well and the committee has now sent three reports to the President. everything.
At this meeting, it was decided to meet the Governor of the State as the District Courts are empowered through the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India. The Constitution is the subject of this report to the Lat.
Kirit Dohtdong of Mawlang village, Ri-Bhoi, has lodged a complaint with the police that her husband Kostarwell Shylla of Lumdaitkhla Bhoirymbong and Samsul Ali of Byrnihat have left for Guwahati. At 4:00 pm, she received a phone call from her husband that she and her friends had been abducted by unidentified robbers and demanded 7 lakh tyngka. to release them again.
There are 9 cases in East Khasi Hills, 1 case in East Garo Hills, 14 cases in Ri Bhoi, 16 cases in West Garo Hills and 1 case in West Jaintia Hills. 2, West Garo Hills 6 people.
However, it took only five minutes for Lajong to respond through a penalty which was not scored by the captain of the team, Hardy Cliff Nongbri.
Speaking on the occasion, NHRC Secretary General Bimbadhar Pradhan said that 19 cases from these three states have been appealed to the NHRC for hearing in the next two days. -19 has been a good teaching.
In South West Garo Hills, 75,000 trees have been affected and in Selsella Block, 15,200 trees have been affected.
The distribution was organized by KFJGP and sponsored by the NSS of MLCU Unit.
On the other hand, the HYC leader said that this is possible if the government has the will to do what is known as “Political Will” if the government of Conrad K Sangma and the The BJP government in Delhi has the right to pass the Ordinance.
Recently, the party also held a meeting at Pynursla in which hundreds of farmers attended.
The Prime Minister said that they will continue to implement the works they have done in the past five years, this is to ensure that the works will be completed, they have worked hard to improve the works. development and relations with the people, such as health, education, social welfare and others.
(SP News)In another tragic incident, two men have drowned in the Umngot River on the 4th of this month.
This will be an issue that one day the people will understand and at present they don't feel the need.
The Khar Bangladeshis have been able to enter and leave the area as they wish to steal, loot and demand money from the people of the area. They have arrested Bah Ricky Marwein from Umsur.
La jernamar is a subject of knowledge in the science of words and phrases.
Shillong, November 08: The Meghalaya government has levied up to 14% VAT on petroleum products, said Dr Anil Kumar Jain, Chairman of the PNGRB. Delhi government charges 0% VAT and other states charge 5% VAT. The work and the department in charge of the Central Government's budget to introduce Lyer shet and lyer to use vehicles under the GST to get one story across the country.
According to sources, the storm happened in the afternoon and in this sudden storm it destroyed the houses of the police team and in this incident no casualties were reported. what a tragic event.
He said that NESO has already seen such problems faced by the youth of this area.
Two new cases have been confirmed today, one from East Khasi Hills and one from West Jaintia Hills District, bringing the total number of recoveries to 83,212 so far.
He said that this house has many floors and for this reason it has caused a lot of trouble to the relief teams despite their efforts to fight against the spread of the floods. ding.
However, their expectations are instead of their desires and aspirations.
On the other hand, the KSU as a Nongrim organization stands for the protection of the land and the Jaidbynriew and will not surrender at all. At the same time , the union requests the police not to lose heart , at the same time , the union requests all the people to give their full support to the government 's attack to forcibly build the railway line despite the opposition of many churches and without first providing for the laws and regulations to prevent the illegal entry of the Mynder into the conflicts in the country.
The UDP leader in KHADC, speaking to SP News Agency, said that they have not yet met as the MDCs have their own constituencies.
The office bearers of the new branch of FKJGP are: President Phillip Warjri, Vice President Rangwanbok K. Syntiew, Gen.
The ceremony was conducted by Rev Bishop Victor Lyngdoh, in the presence of other Bishops and priests, along with tens of thousands of faithful of the Catholic Church of the state.
Umshning, March 15: U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that at the time of election, the PP leader was elected by the MDCs, but now he has been elected without consulting the MDCs. beain, this is the right thing to do.
The Director of School Education and Literacy, Ambrose Ch Marak in his speech on the implementation of the programs said that the work is progressing well and there have been no complaints so far.
This letter is referred to in accordance with Section 13(3)(b) of the CMJ University Act,
After the inspection, the MEC members were honored at the Community Hall of Sabahmuswang Village, WJHD. The MEC members were accompanied by the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, Bah BS Sohliya, District School Education. Officer, Jowai, Kong AP Syiemm and Officer of PWD (Building).
Minister Duh also urged the officers to reject the rank-and-file and look for those who are experienced in the field.
Regarding the Sumo and Innova vehicles, the union has not yet decided to write to the Commissioner in charge of the transport department of the government.
The appointment rules within the department have also been approved by the Cabinet and the government wishes that the appointment rules will be fair and transparent with this approval of the appointment rules within the department. This government department has been able to announce the vacancies.
Soon after, Aibiangmame Nongneng had a free-kick and fired it through the wall but Mawlai goalkeeper Siwel Rymbai was right behind it.
The site for the construction of this office is central to the villages above Pynursla and below Pynursla. The site for the construction of this office falls under the Raid Shabong. The office is located between Phlangdkhi, Urksew and the site of the office is Wahpathaw.
Adelbert said that what he has prepared is that the protest at Malki Square will start today until the 22nd of this month at 10 am, if the Chief Minister does not answer anything. Shillong, K Lyngkot 21: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that those who tested positive for COVID-1 There are 331 cases in the districts: 5 East Garo Hills, 2 East Jaintia Hills, 239 East Khasi Hills, 2 Eastern West Khasi Hills, 1 North Garo Hills, 21 Ri Bhoi, 2 South Garo Hills. South West Garo Hills 4, South West Khasi Hills 2, West Garo Hills 44, West Jaintia Hills 8, West Khasi Hills 1.
Other candidates announced today are Dorendro M. Sangma from Dalu (ST) Constituency, Priyam Ch.
Shillong, Naiwieng 09: The KHADC authorities have needed to take action to strengthen the RULE of all the 53 Himas.
Other speakers on the occasion were Biraj Chakraborty, Darshan Thiate, Deadidakami Mohrmen, Realsing Muksor and the meeting was conducted by HH Mohrmen.
Tarun Gogoi has said that even after the upcoming elections he will remain as the Chief Minister of the state.
Turshaphrang FC and Nongnah FC started the tournament on the opening day of the tournament. This is the first time such a tournament has been held in Mawdem.
During the heavy rains, various drains around Shillong have been flooded and flooded the roads and areas of Demseiniong, Pynthorbah, Mawlong Market, Lachumiere and other places.
On this day, the farmers who came to take part had the opportunity to showcase their farming methods and were proud to explain what they farm.
The union demands that the central government should implement the ILP which was passed by the Legislative Assembly in 2019, while the ILP is not implemented, the union will not. Persons without identity cards shall not be allowed to enter the State.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: U Bah RL Kharpran, Adhoc Secretary of the Union of Rangbah Kur of Bri Hynniewtrep, today announced that the public meeting of the Union of Rangbah Kur of Bri Hynniewtrep will be held on the 30th of this month at his residence. Dorbar Hall of Mission Compound Village near DNS Wahlang Secondary School at 11.00 pm.
The Road Construction Department of the Union Government on the 5th of this month has issued a notice that if any trucks carry excessive loads and destroy the roads, the driver of the vehicle and You shall not file a complaint against the owner of the vehicle and you shall not be punished.
Why is this government unable to release the money that the contractors should have received?
This public awareness campaign today is only the beginning of the household awareness campaign and poor households who need this assistance can go to the MSLSA office at Additional Secretariat room No 20 or please call 0364-2
Speaking on the occasion, the CEM of KHADC said that when he takes over the throne, he should have full responsibility for the Hima and the villages to get development projects.
The dancers on this day are the children of the Khyrim Hima and this day is the day of the end of the ritual of the Hima which is also called the Pom Blang Nongkrem in which all the raids have taken part. part in this ceremony of the Kingdom.
In this regard, KSU Bangalore urges the job seekers to look into these types of courses and go to school as many of them are cheated.
At the same time, the inability of the central government to block pornographic websites from abroad where men and women can view them on their hands through the Internet. mobile phones, the central government should find its own way to prevent such activities as the Internet in India is still new for the people.
The worst affected districts are East Khasi Hills 78, West Khasi Hills 3, Ri Bhoi 3, East Jaintia Hills 3, West Garo Hills 1 and South West Garo Hills
The State is directed to take disciplinary action against those immigrants who violate the visa requirement and the operators of this program.
The Director said that the appointment process for the Branch Post Master does not require an interview but they should appoint the post through the recognition and permission of the Rangbah Shnongs of the rural villages. It is difficult for the UP residents to plant and work in this field.
In response to this incident, the Chairman, who had been specially authorized by the Governor to conduct the election for the CEM, did not hold the election and announced that as no one from each other took part in the election. Bah HS Shylla, MDC was elected as the new CEM.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: A group of youths who have applied for the post of Police Officer for various posts led by Banrilang Pyngrope today. CV Diengdoh, Secretary, Personnel and AR, Meghalaya.
Nature is a source of inspiration for Bah Kerios Wahlang and this has led him to visit Lawkyntang Mawphlang and walk on foot to Lum Sohpetbneng every year. even until they began to grow old.
At the meeting, the party also renewed the office bearers within the party to strengthen the work of the party in the state as a whole and at this meeting, Bah Reginal Thabah was confirmed as the spokesperson of the party.
Shillong, Naitung 27: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James K Sangma today called for a meeting with the leaders of the Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union (MEMRIU) after they went on strike. They did not demand that the government should accept or operate 108 Ambulances.
PCCF of Meghalaya Forest Department RS Gill also spoke on the issue of markhraw. This two day meeting is exclusively for women and those who came to take part from all over the country. in the state of Meghalaya.
“If you want to know the truth you can come to the HANM office and we will give you the truth and you cannot accuse us of what you cannot prove,” said Bah Sohtun.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: Police have found the body of a woman between the ages of 30 and 35 years old on GS Road in Mawiong Rim.
The Dorbar also discussed the suspension of the KHADC authorities for several years to resolve the issue of the Appointment and Succession of Chiefs and Headmen Act Through the District Council Act 1959, the Supreme Court in 1959 has ruled that the Khasi Jaintia people They are only servants of the UKJHADC and this has affected the image of the jaidbynriew, but until today no one has listened.
He said that journalists often show the problems of children who are suffering because of their disaster or the abuse of the elders.
The Father of the Day was not only a Lyngdoh, but also a great thinker for the nation.
The term of office of the Governor of the State has expired on 20th June 2020 but due to the COVID-19 pandemic, he has suspended his post as Governor until today.
In section 105 of Mann The Baats.
The Prime Minister's visit to Shillong on Saturday is to launch the MLA election campaign for the BJP, where the MLA election to the Legislative Assembly will be held. in June of 2018.
“In the past few days, the Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam have called for peace and even the Deputy Commissioners and Superintendents of Police from both sides have requested for peace.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Duia said that in 2018, he received a phone call from NH Consultancy Private Ltd from Delhi offering jobs through Meghalaya. State Skill Development Society to provide training in three categories, Malti Cuisine Chef, River Rafting Guide Cum Life Guard Level Four and Trekking Guide Cum Camp Director.
He urged the Tyrna Elaka to cooperate closely with the FKS as part of strengthening the foundations of the IOA & AA. States and handed over to the Sirdar of the Elaka the necessary documents relating especially to the Annexed Agreement of the 25 Khasi States.
It may be recalled that the salary of Aganwadi workers was increased in 2011. Due to the increase in the market, the Central Government has taken this decision to increase the salary. Shillong, Nailur 19: The KSU Education Cell has urged all the students of the Khasi people from various colleges and universities to Khasi Authors Society on 22nd November 2018 at 10 am at Malki Square to demand the recognition of the Khasi Authors Society. Khasi language by including it in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
The General Secretary of EKHLTWA, Bah Jyrwa, said that all taxis in East Khasi Hills have been allowed to operate, but they still have to carry passengers according to the directives of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
These youths including President Sambormi Lyngdoh and General Secretary Brandon Shangpliang along with the members who have joined the KSU were welcomed and confirmed by the President of the KSU Central Executive Council. Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar, in the presence of Samla Donald V Thabah, General Secretary of KSU Central Executive Council.
The raid took place in the area under the jurisdiction of Ranikor Police Station.
At the same time, the government has decided to send a letter to the party on what the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma has said.
“This is the statement by Bah JR Siangshai Vice President of AJYWO Central Body.
Now they are in their jobs and activities.
The main activities of the day included the swearing-in ceremony, the singing of the National Anthem and the Freedom Run.
Prime Minister Duh urged the people of the country to look into sports.
After taking the hearing, the NGT has directed the government to appoint a committee to look into the matter under the supervision of the Additional Chief Secretary who will be the Chairman.
Shillong, July 19: Various civil society groups today held a flag raising ceremony in front of the office of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to demand that the MDCs should bring a resolution inside the House. dorbar to oppose the government's plan to take over the land of the people.
Referring to the passage of time, the demand of the time, the CEM reminded that the passage of time, if we look back to the past, it is not always easy for women to appear in any position. It is in society and the job as mothers is to raise their children to feed their children.
Shillong, July 13: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HANM-Jaintia Hills) has strongly condemned the delay of the MUA-II Government through the Public Work Department (PWD) in repairing the NH-44 in the country. Jaintia.
The Chief Minister said that the reason for taking this decision is that the state is in the midst of a shortage of doctors sent by the government.
After the inauguration of the Ranikor Civil Sub Division by the Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, the Ranikor Civil Sub Division has been assured to the people that what their MLA is doing is for the benefit of the people. .
Although the PHE has been conducting the work slowly, they also expressed before the MLA the difficulty of fighting to improve the water pipes, because if there are any incidents such as the fall of trees or The pipes cannot be repaired only during the rainy season because during the dry season it will not be possible to enter the forest.
In his speech, he spoke on many topics related to the problems faced by teachers in the state and the work of the education department.
He said that the Center will be a place where many meetings related to the cultures of the North Eastern States will be held and more specific information about these cultures will be available.
Shillong, Naiwieng 07: Once again, the Hima Khyriem this year has completed the rituals inherited from the Hima Shyllong. how to dance Nongkrem.
The construction of a new bridge in the area is also ongoing and the pipes have been erected and the work is in progress to build a new bridge in the area.
Some of them were mentioned, such as in sports, education, development, to eradicate evils and issues affecting the youth, society, the future of the nation and the state. or to listen to the comments or criticisms of those who are backward in thought without any basis but to have a firm determination to reach the goal that will not be the answer to those who criticize and want to be praised by their actions.
West and South West Khasi Hills will also be like Shillong.
Municipal authorities, Gram Panchayats should do whatever is necessary to collect plastic.
She said that earlier she had closed down the shop but they threatened to kill her with a knife so she led members of the KSU to accompany her to destroy the shop.
The Seiñ Kur Dkhar -EJHD, prays and thanks and prays to God the Creator that, through this Behdeiñkhlam of Seiñraij Tuber, He will bless all the children of Seiñraij Tuber so that they will be healthy. heal crate; grow and expand in all directions; and also, peace from generation to generation.
He said it was only Conrad Sangma who spoke about the problems of the people in parliament and the persecution of Christians.
In his lecture on shlemirnia, Dr Kynpham Sing Nongkynrih explained in detail the history of the Austro-Asitic languages, by explaining more about the Monkhmer language, in which the language Khasi is one of the most widely spoken languages.
Batesi TV reporters met with the owners of the shop known as Esmasa Collection at Laitumkhrah opposite the Post Office owned by the Esmasa Collection shop. Kong Cordidian Revelation.
Kakyar Dulom, President of ASUS Students Union, urged the people to come out and join this march to bring a sense of brotherhood across the country.
He said the government has issued directives from time to time and as it is now all the people are afraid of this disease and the fear is that there is no cure.
Dr.C Khonglah, speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, said that due to the COVID-19 pandemic in the past two years, it has not been possible to conduct this vaccination for children under two years of age. .
“I would like to express my special thanks and congratulations to the Syiem and the Hima Khyrim as a whole for their ability to hold this sacred and important Nongkrem festival, even in the midst of this difficult time. The lyngshop of the disease at this time when this tyrlep-tyrbun has spread and lyngshop not only in this beloved country of ours but in the whole world.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: Sohra MLA Titos Chyne has met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, AL Hek to discuss the Community Health Center (CHC) Sohra.
Others who attended the function were Minister of Education Roshan Warjri, Minister of State for Education, Bah Embhahlang Syiemlieh MLA Mawlai, Bah DP Wahlang and many other government officials. .
The Syiem of Hima Khyriem will soon convene a Riad Dorbar to discuss this issue and to summon the Sordar of Mawpdang.
The State Tuberculosis Officer Dr J Kharwanlang said that there will be 4974 cases of TB in 2022 and 4812 cases in
The Government has set a target of providing electricity to 6.51 lakh households.
Meanwhile, the UDP, which is allied with the HSPDP under the banner of the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA), is looking for a joint candidate to contest the Shillong seat.
Among the districts with the highest number of cases, Eastern Khasi Hills has 47,085 cases, West Garo Hills 10,724 cases, Ri Bhoi District 10,314 cases, West Jaintia Hills 7192 cases and West Khasi Hills 5654 cases.
The Assam government has damaged the roads to the fields of the people by digging wells and planting trees in the middle of the road. The DC said that he was not aware of this and promised to take action to meet with the DC of Karbi Anglong as well as the DIG of Karbi Anglong on the 27th of this month.
No one was injured in the blast but the cash register was damaged and police are conducting investigation.
Along with promoting the message of “Desh Ke Hum Hain Rakshak” of the group, these women also brought the message of “BetiBachaoBetiPadhao” during their journey.
This was stated by Bah Kitboklang Nongphlang President of FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle.
This is to fulfill the aspirations of the people.
The villages under the jurisdiction of the new police out post are 19 villages from Nongspung, 13 villages from Lyngdkhoi, 13 villages from Pyndenlitha, There are 9 villages in Mawkneng and 9 villages in Laitmawsiang.
At this meeting, the KHADC informed that the Village Council has not been appointed and the Chief Minister said that the government has sent along with the Village Dorbar. and Village Council but at present nothing can be said because we have not received the letter.
Total number of candidates has registered so far, 81 candidates have registered for the remaining four days.
At this meeting, they said that the work and income does not match at all and their salary is as high as a kimono.
The HYC leader said that the complaint filed against Patricia by the village is for insulting the value of Lawsohtum village.
The letter also included a letter from the HFU and the farmers especially from Umraleng area who have expressed their concern about the availability of more than 10,000 kilos of kajor which they have harvested and which they will harvest. This is the middle of the National Lockdown.
Shillong, Nailar 30: The Director of Agriculture, Imphal, Shillong, has sent a letter to the Dean of Agriculture College, Imphal that two students selected from Meghalaya have not been selected. I am from the Schedule Caste but I am from the General Category.
On the occasion of the 100th Anniversary of the Ktiews Trust, the Ktiews Trust has recalled its contribution to the hospital. I'm going to have two crores of rupees.
There are still many issues that need to be addressed regarding the implementation of Trading License and Non-Tribal Employees' Service License in Jaintia Hills.
Women are supported in agriculture through self-help groups.
In a complaint sent to the Chief Minister in charge of PMGSY roads in Meghalaya, it was said that the Sarim Dorbar Shnong and the villages along the road have expressed their concern about the deterioration of the road. The road is overcrowded and this has put the people in great trouble.
Police recovered a pistol, a grenade, a wireless set, 20 unused bullets and four demand letters from the GNLA camp.
Former Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma, who is also the TMC MLA from Songsak, on Tuesday slammed the State Government for issuing an order to dismiss the Deputy Commissioner of North Garo Hills. order to set up an inquiry into the illegal import of kwai tyrkhong from Bangladesh and also into the smuggling of coal.
Mayank Dwivedi Commandant of BSF Battalion 181 Battalion at Dipulipara Post in South Garo Hills was also present at the distribution of 35 bicycles to school children in villages on the border with Bangladesh.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong of Malki, said that the government should release those people who have been arrested and taken away by the police during the protests as soon as possible because peace has returned. fine.
This is according to a thorough examination of the documents which were found to be sufficient from the dongshadong today.
Such an initiative will help in promoting tourism activities.
“I was an Executive Member of the Council at the time, and, therefore, these are the facts that I know.
There will be 3,39,779 households recognized by the Central Government under the NHPM and the remaining households will have to be provided by the State Government with the same benefits as the Central Government.
The group also promised to inform the protesters of the outcome of the talks and said that they don't need to protest because many of the demands of the protesters have been promised by the government.
Shillong, July 15: Ka TUR together with street vendors from all parts of Shillong have unanimously agreed to form the Greater Shillong Progressive Hawkers and Vendors Association. Street Vendors Association.
There are 6,837.66 lakh males and 7,16643 females.
The Jal Jeevan Mission-Har Ghar Jal (JJM) is being implemented which aims to provide water through water pipes to every household in the villages by
“I strongly condemn such articles which are not true and aim to character assassinate me because most of the time I speak against what I feel is wrong when the government or anyone else does something wrong”.
At the same time, the Court ordered Kyrshanlang Sungoh to pay compensation of T.5 lakh to the victim.
This mistake in writing the name of Mawlai village has affected and caused grief to many residents of Mawlai village as well as the students of Sacred Boy's Higher Secondary School, Mawlai.
“..........but what happened was that the Government protected those who should have been protected, the next day (on the 5th July) the dismissal order was issued.........and the DC was dismissed. claim.
At present, the MCCL owes T.324 crore to the government, only for the coal fee and other payments including the salaries of the employees. it still has to be paid to employees.
For Lawbah constituency, up to 40 households have received this assistance from the MLA after the Primary Units of the Congress in Lawbah constituency have selected the poorest households from among the poorest and These recipients receive three times the amount of household items.
“We send our condolences to the parents and relatives of this child,” said Bah Warjri.
At a meeting of the HSPDP party held at Anton Hall, Laitumkhrah, the president of the party said that in the last 54 years the party has never run empty.
This was done due to the changes in response to COVID19 around the world, especially in these countries mentioned above.
The competition was organized by the NFDC in collaboration with Shorts International, a UK company with a worldwide reach for short films.
The office of the Deputy Commissioner has called for three public hearings on 19.10.2019, 31.01.2009 and It is only in a letter from the DC's office that it has been suggested to hold a public hearing regarding the quarrying.
When asked whether his joining the UDP was an opportunity after he contested on the BJP ticket in the last MLA election, he said it is not appropriate to compare the MLA election. The MDC elections will not be held in the state.
During the inspection, it was found that there were dozens of foreign workers who had worked illegally without proper documents according to the provisions of the Act.
Aiti Mawlong Magistrate, Mawjymbuin, said that the group of SKHM led by Bah Tyllilang Myrthong, President of Mawjymbuin, was arrested and taken to Mawsynram Police Station. station where a meeting was held to discuss the matter.
On this occasion, the Government has decided to set up quarantine facilities for the disabled in the villages and areas where the DCs in collaboration with the BDOs and Chief Executive Members have set up quarantine facilities for the disabled. The government will provide assistance if there is a need to install oxygen.
Regarding the quarantine period, it will be 14 days for those who test positive for COVID-19 and for 7 days for those who test negative from abroad.
He also recalled how the party for 36 years has been fighting to look after the needs of students and others.
The students now have a good opportunity to study because the government has encouraged the students by providing schemes like Sarsa Abhisha and the village and various civil society organizations have also encouraged them. but the most important thing is to work hard from yourself because your own education gives you hope for the future to stand on your own feet.
– In the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council, there is no Act or Rule for the 18 Elaka Dolloi and one Sirdarship).
The construction of this special training center for the army has been completed on time within one year as allocated.
The competition was concluded with the unveiling of the flag of the Seng by Rangbah Wallamphang Roy, Vice President of the Seng Khasi Kmie and Chairman of the Rongbiria Committee.
You don't have to worry about the current history of what you've received.
In a letter sent to the Member Secretary of the Law Commission, HYC President Robertjune Kharjahrin said, “We would like to advise the Commission not to advise the Central Government not to implement the The UCC in Meghalaya will violate the existing customs and traditions, violate the provisions of the Sixth Scheduled and the powers of the Autonomous District Councils, violate the separation of powers between the The Central and State Governments and will also intervene in religious matters.
The government has provided assistance of T.1.5 lakh each to the four persons who lost their lives in this tragic incident. doctor.
To mark the occasion, a tree planting ceremony was held at the ground floor of the Meghalaya House in Mumbai.
Shillong, November 13: The Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy will inaugurate a five-day exhibition of special portraits of Mahatma Gandhi at the JN Stadium Shillong from the 17th of this month. The exhibition was conducted by the Bureau of Outreach and Communication (BOC) of the Central Government.
The Supreme Court in several cases has said that the CPC & CrPC will not work because the Riewlum will be affected.
Many young people have become addicted to drugs and use them as a drink to please their bodies.
To prevent the smuggling of foreigners into India, to prevent the smuggling of counterfeit money into the country and the deforestation of the country and not to interfere if India implements any development projects in parts of India.
They were brought to Shillong and appeared before the court, which authorized the police to remand them for 8-10 days for further investigation.
Regarding this great victory, Prof.RL Nongkhlaw, in charge of the students of the university, congratulated the team for bringing this victory. university.
The Chief Minister said that the IBDC will assist in how to farm fish according to the present era to encourage the people of the state.
Regarding the issues that have caused confusion among the people regarding the statue of Tirot Sing Syiem in Dhaka, it was clarified that the state government initially ordered the construction of the statue halfway up.
This decision was taken today at a meeting held at the residence of the president of CSWO. This is to urge the government to implement the ILP as recommended by the HLC. created by the government.
The Minister has requested us to meet with the Prime Minister who also has a desire to meet with the VPP leaders. It is on that basis that we have agreed to meet to resolve this issue. ," said Mr. Ardent.
He said he is pleased that the new Parliament has the latest technology and that the walkways are sunny.
Shri Rajeev Chandrasekhar said, “The internet can be a responsible space and illegal content certainly does not find any place on the Indian internet.
It was a special meeting on the night of January 14, 1947, when the country's independence was celebrated.
The allegations against the Border Security Force are groundless.
New Delhi, November 16: The President of India today appointed the Governor of Nagaland, RN Ravi, as the Governor of Meghalaya. The state of Nagaland.
Kharshiing said that the Khasi Hills has been recognized by the Indian Constitution since ancient times, and this has been agreed between the Khasi Hills and the Indian Princely States.
Therefore, the union wants the Prime Minister to take action against these JHADC employees and requests the District Council Affairs Department to take immediate action to help release them. The remaining salaries of the employees have been suffering from the salary suspension for many months and they are facing a lot of difficulties to pay for their monthly expenses from the salaries. house, school fees and food.
Regarding the invitation from the KHADC authorities, the Chief Executive Members decided to attend the meeting convened by the KHADC authorities as they are still the servants of the KHADC through the obtaining of SANAD which has been going on for a long time. and to listen to what the KHADC authorities mean when the petition of the Hima Khasi has been sent many times to the former Prime Ministers and to the present Prime Minister, who until today even after three years. The KHADC authorities have not responded to the proposal for the Thirteenth Schedule or Article 370A to the Government of India.
The States have also been directed to ensure the payment of wages to the employees at their workplaces during the curfew without any deduction. houses from tenants at this time.
The opposition leader urged all to work together to restore peace and order.
The High Court has considered the report which has issued many important, short-term, medium-term and long-term recommendations on the congestion of roads in the city.
He expressed his gratitude to the State Governments for doing their utmost to prevent this but also urged them to work better in this regard so that the youth who have fallen victim to this disaster can get help. from NGOs and schemes under the Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment.
The Labor Party won 35 per cent and the Conservatives 24 per cent.
ATSA has also promised to assist Khasi students in Tamil Nadu if they encounter any problems.
The Chief Minister said that this meeting is very important because the districts and the state are moving forward, but there are still many problems in some districts. to talk and to give advice as well.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The inclusion of his son in the Ampati constituency by Mukul Sangma, who is also the leader of the CLP, is another game to strengthen the inheritance. The HNLC, in a statement sent today by its Publicity Secretary, Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw, said that the HNLC has been illegally registered.
The seizure of weapons from the area where the shooting took place was very high.
While he was on his way, the BSF tried to interrogate him in such a way that he was a Bangladeshi. At that time, he asked the BSF why they didn't arrest the Bangladeshis who used to come to Bangladesh from time to time. India and the cows on the border.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The Cabinet meeting held today has decided that the Ministry of Mining and Geology will sign a Memorandum of Understanding with the Central Government Telecommunication Consultancy India. Limited (TCIL).
The leaders of the HFU under the leadership of Bah Commamder Shangpliang as President and Bah Allfondbirth Kharsyntiew as General Secretary of the HFU today demanded from the Government to introduce a proper policy on agriculture in the country. state.
The death toll has risen to
SR Khan, Second-In-Command, BSF Meghalaya Frontier said that the tournament was attended by a large number of people and this was an opportunity to bring closer the relationship between the people and the army. hakane is the meeting.
The scheme also aims to meet the needs of tourists better from vehicles, skilled drivers, tour guides, to easily rent vehicles at government prices and also to create more he lads earn.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today convened a meeting to discuss the issue of peace and order in the state. Director General of Police and other government officials.
The Additional Chief Secretary said that among the decisions taken in 2015 at such a meeting, it was clear that some of the decisions were very important and some of them were not.
If the civil society does not protest, the government does not know the burden and suffering of the people.
Samla K Kharkongor Organizing Secretary KSU Nongmensong in a statement said, “This brutal behavior of the police who raided the members of the KSU on the grounds that they were involved in the riots is just to spread the word.
Speaking to reporters after the release of the party's election song in Khasi and Garo at the party office, he said the TMC will fight against the BJP in the House. parliament and outside parliament.
The SRT team has launched a thorough search from the Last Stop area to Umshyrpi Bridge and on to the river at Maxwell Estate together with the police and at the time of writing of this news no signs have been found. he is a great man.
In his speech, the President of the BJP party said that what the Modi government has done in the state and if BP comes to the state to form a government it will help to develop the state. Sanbor Shullai, Minister of State for Home Affairs, took part in the meeting.
It is very important to show the truth because the election process is an emotional process".
“In the past, I used to pass through this area to go to the other side. I had to pass through wooden bridges and when the rainy season came, the water often carried them away. send to work on these bridges for the safety of the passengers.
Speech was also delivered by Thumbui Zeliang, General Secretary of Heraka Zeliangrong, Nagaland. He said that the Naga people also hold the Heraka Zeliangrong. such a gathering to preserve their traditional religion.
Many of them said that they are only the residents of the market and don't know why the second floor has been closed without being used since it was built. a lot of money was spent to build this market.
(SP.Shillong, Jymmang 24: The counting of votes for the election of MDCs to the two District Councils has started at 7 pm and continued till 4 pm. night.
Shillong, Naitung 13: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District today announced that shops will be allowed to open until 11.30 pm from today.
: the responsibility is not to accept responsibility; bahkhala is the one who promises to pay for others who are in debt.
The death toll has risen to 12 in East Khasi Hills, 11 in East Jaintia Hills and 1 in West Jaintia Hills, bringing the total number of deaths in the state to
Referring to the company's inability to increase salaries since 2017, the minister said the government has to look into why this has happened.
Samla Banjop Marsing said that during the meeting with Rakkam A. Sangma, he telephoned in front of the party members to the Deputy Commissioner of Ribhoi District and said that he will take care of this pending matter.
This will be the last meeting of the Seng to complain to the authorities and if they fail to do anything on this issue within 15 days, the Seng will take its own action.
There are 76 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 16 cases in East Khasi Hills, 9 cases in Ri Bhoi, 5 cases in West Garo Hills and 16 cases in West Garo Hills. Hills 1, West Jaintia Hills 1, 12 cases have been confirmed today.
Regarding the entry and exit points of the people, the delay is not because they do it by chance but there are rules that they have to follow, but this is not because the government does not do, the government has do what you have to do.
The curfew will be imposed in all areas under Lumdiengjri Police Station and Sardar Police Station.
Shillong, July 07: The Garo Students Union (GSU) of Southern Zone has urged the Road Construction Department of the State Government especially the Baghmara PWD Division to repair the road in the area. which has passed away and the people have suffered greatly in their journey.
Shillong, Nailar 28: The Meghalaya House in Mumbai today celebrated its 100th anniversary by the former Chief Minister of Meghalaya Dr. Donkupar Roy. Purno K Sangma's visit to the country.
CD Lyngwa, District Planning Officer, East Khasi Hills District was also the conductor of the program in the presence of Prof.
He said that the funds were available to improve the market but due to lack of land, the funds have been left behind.
He said there are only three countries - India, USA and China - with a population of more than 30 crore.
The Director incharge Principal of Shillong Polytechnic, Bah WL Warjri, has expressed his regret over this incident as it is the first time that such an unexpected incident has happened in this school.
The purpose of the New Shillong Township is to bring about economic development and if the government does not purchase the land it will lead to the widespread construction of illegal houses. The government will not try to introduce NST, he asked.
Like other cigarettes, two of these menthol cigarettes produced by Njoy are designed as a box or cartridge that can be plugged into any device that can be used. enough to break down the nicotine inside, and make the drink a breathable substance.
According to information received, the fire started from the house of Kong Twintina Nongneng and spread to the house opposite the house of Kong Risuk Wanshnong.
He said that this does not mean only diya lights but any product made by the hard work of the people of the country and which needs the development and support of all the people of the country at this time. of various festivals.
He also expressed his gratitude and special thanks to HDFC Bank Jowai for providing funds for this project.
The skills, the ability that they already have, shows hope for the future,” he said, expressing his gratitude to the Working President of the MSOA and the team who have entrusted him to run the This work is to find talented players who have the potential to improve in various sports.
More than 60 youths of Mawklot village who have just been registered on the Electoral Roll attended the event.
Yano was inspired by Abraham Tagit Sorang, a famous mountaineer from Arunachal Pradesh.
Shillong, July 26: The Meghalaya Newspaper Association (MEPA) under the leadership of Bah Monak Shabong Editor and the train of Rupang Newspaper today donated to the journalists who have lost their lives. amidst the ban on the sale of newspapers.
Finally, the Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) appeals to all the teachers that even in the midst of these many challenges, they should continue in their great work for the sake of providing and distributing education. to the students who are the future of the country and the nation.
Police also seized a bike number ML05H-6
When asked about the meat waste of cows, pigs and goats, Dr Sakhar said that the project also includes a Treatment Plant to separate water and solid waste. It shall be cleaned and machined to become fertilizer.
The States and UTs will be encouraged to set up funds where the Central Government and the State Governments can invest.
Martle said that they should never be as quick as this government, which says to strengthen the District Council but they are fighting to destroy the District Council because they think only of their own interests. to the District Council, the MDCs will be strong and they will forget about the weakness of the District Council.
The solution is that both the states should adopt a Gift and Take policy, said the observers.
In his speech, Bah Spiton said that the Khasi when they count the moon, they count the moon from the moon that rises in the sky.
On the other hand, the village has expressed its gratitude to the MLA for doing this.
Discussions are currently underway and the public will be informed soon.
Police are investigating the incident.
Every time an attempt is made to destroy the ethnic groups, the number of ethnic groups increases and more and more groups emerge that cannot reach anywhere.
A group of four secret supporters of the HNLC were arrested with the intention to detonate IED bombs in Shillong and Nongpoh.
“We are deeply saddened after learning that the State Government through the Urban Development Department has planned to relocate Marten from Mawiong to Nonghali Village in Lumsohlait,” said the Union.
The most commonly used sugar is shini. Some of the shops in the market have sold at T.46 per kilo and some have sold at T.68 per kilo. The Commissioner should investigate this sudden increase in the price of food items in the market.
Shillong, Naitung 17: Police have stepped up patrols in parts of Khyndaitlad to take action against prostitutes for their act of attracting people, not only illegal, but also causing he hurriedly hurried.
The impact on the soybean cultivation in these border areas began in 1954-55 and after the soybean fields began to collapse and this affected the residents in the border areas.
The Department of Textiles and C&RD, Government of Meghalaya, through the brand “Ryndia” & “Tribal Weaves” of Textiles and C&RD together with the handicrafts brought by the Meghalayan Age under the Department of Tourism. The state will serve at the G20 International Craft Bazaar.
In the second match of the Federation Cup, they will face Mohun Bagan on the 18th of this month at 4 pm.
Tourism is a good market here in our state, but we still need to improve to attract tourists without affecting the culture and nature. our.
Shillong, Nailur 10: The Secretary of the Executive Committee of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) on Tuesday issued a directive to all the employees of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) to come to work. prepare the salaries of the workers.
The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) Northern Region has expressed its deep sorrow over this.
The question is whether malaria has disappeared from Meghalaya.
Answering a question, Bah PN Syiem said that the wish of all the Autonomous Councils is to have the same powers, because as it is now, the powers of the Autonomous Councils are different from the Autonomous Councils. from one state to another, they want all the Councils to have the same power.
New Delhi, Lber 03: India has achieved poverty eradication, according to the Brookings Institution. The report, presented by Surjit Bhalla and Karan Bhasin, says this is due to the government's strong policy of redistribution, which has brought about economic growth. the strongest and most inclusive in India in the last 10 years.
The rules relating to the amendment of the Central Motor Vehicles Rules 1989 for certain provisions under the Motor Vehicles (Amendment) Act 2019 were issued through GSR 584 (E) issued on 25 July Nailur, 2020.
He said that regarding the findings of the union regarding the irregularities in the MBBS admission for the state quota students, there are Khasi students who have qualified for the MBBS examination. They are in the Open Category but there are also those who are not.
The Chief Minister said that to develop the state in all aspects, education is needed, without education nothing can be done.
All Major Industries in the State who have not paid their bills (defaulters) should come forward to immediately arrange to pay their bill light arrears within a time to be arranged in detail. they receive state and central subsidies in all aspects including tax and transport subsidies.
Police are conducting investigation to find out the cause of the sudden fire in the area where two houses nearby were destroyed and the loss has not been found yet. Police are conducting investigation into the damage.
As usual every year since 2012, Bah Hamletson Dohling to encourage the youth of the Constituency, he targets them if they can do well and reach the top ranks in the SSLC examination (ha Top 20) and your laptop.
Shillong, Nailur 23: U Banshai Marbaniang today met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek and the Director of Health Services, Dr Aman War. Mawlai residents have been facing a shortage of PHC in Mawlai Mawroh from time to time.
He said that the meeting of the Seng which was held today discussed the excessive stinginess and excessive silence of the Government of Meghalaya to protect the border, which has led to the The Assam Government has been forced to cross the border every day by deploying troops and police personnel on the border.
The GST has become a theft of public money by the Government.
Speaking on the PM Awas Yojana, which aims to provide housing to the poor, the Minister said that the budget has been sanctioned for 882 households.
“It is these ideas and beliefs of India that pave the way for the good of the world,” he said, adding, “I am confident that this summit will be a memorable one. India and in the future, we will look back on this unique time in the history of the world.
Referring to the condition of the roads, the MLA has not done anything to repair or improve the traffic.
He said he is sorry to see what has happened in the media and he requests the HNLC that until now he has never worked in vain, he is still working in his own name and does anything. By their own strength, it is true that the relationship between buying and selling is known to all the Dkhars but to say that to sell by name is not true.
This was confirmed by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Ampareen Lyngdoh, who said that the dengue outbreak has spread only in the northern parts of Garo Hills.
It was also stated that the use of traffic lights while driving shall be allowed only for the purpose of knowing the road and should not disturb the driver while driving.
The funeral service will be held on Tuesday at the Laitumkhrah Church Cemetery.
Referring to Meghalaya, he said that he has met with the state government authorities and discussed the implementation of the NCC in schools in the state especially on the border with Bangladesh and the training has been sent. sha where there are no soldiers.
They said that before the arrest of him, they had been watching him since 4 pm after receiving a tip that he had left the house to drop off the drugs. His trick of turning cars one after another did not succeed in catching him at the right time.
He said, “It is not that India does not have talented people.
On the other hand, the Minister expressed his regret over the delay in the completion of the railway line in Meghalaya, which can be resolved through the consensus of all parties.
Most importantly, the Meghalaya government will talk to the Assam government to ensure that both sides are vigilant on the border so that there will be no tragic incident.
As of 10 am today, 22 cases have been tested positive in East Khasi Hills District, of which 9 cases are BSF personnel, 5 cases from other armed forces and 8 cases from civilians. .
The Union Minister of State for Home Affairs, Dr. Aman Warr, said that the Union Government is aware of the opposition of the Student Union to the construction of the railway line to Meghalaya despite the Chief Minister's wish. This railway line will be carried out in the state.
Shillong, Nailar, 04: Shillong, Nailar 04: Today, a road accident occurred at the Bangladesh coal smuggling port in Majai.
Romarius tapped in a cross from the right flank in the 36th minute after his team had missed two similar opportunities in the few minutes before that.
He urged the officers to work on these issues and develop the working methods for the Global Investors Summit in the coming months.
On the same day, the BSF in Hawaitilla seized 37 cows worth T.7.00 lakh.
Such incidents in the village are caused by those people who have a reason for the village because the village has issued a strict law that Khasi women who marry foreigners have children. It is through these orders issued by the village that those who take advantage of the village have made the village famous because they cannot do anything but they have been able to pynshit when you come to such events.
The Prime Minister of India has said that this Easter will bring peace and unity in the society. ministers of the central government.
The ceremony will be held at Madan Polo at 11 pm and on the same day there will be a ceremony to honor the composer of the song at Kongdeng Kongnah in Uprah.
The meeting will present the report of the meeting with Uday Kumar Khanikar Regional Director of NIOS Regional Center Guwahati on the 25th of this month. Regional Director.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Lyngdoh said the dissolution of the MBCC is part of the restructuring of the party in the area because before the MLA election there were employees of the MBCC. They left and after the election they came back.
Since the beginning of the outbreak, 93826 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in Meghalaya, 92228 people have recovered and 1593 people have died. according to the figures of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh was the chief guest in the presence of the Superintendent of Police, Bah MB Syiem, Additional Deputy Commissioner of Meghalaya. Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah A. Nongbri, District Sports Officer, Kong B. Syiem, other government employees, village leaders, teachers and school children.
They alleged that the GNLA leader has used a large amount of money demanded from the people to buy land and distribute it to his family members. you have been killed.
The meeting also held a prayer for the Hon'ble Judges of the Supreme Court of India to be able to give a decision on Aadhaar for the benefit of the people. the people of the whole country.
The Chief Minister said that Bah Lambok Thabah has been appointed as the Editor of Nongsian Hima, one of the oldest Khasi newspapers in the state since 2003 and he personally recognized him. .
Informing that the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development is the Nodal Department, he said that the district will set a target of 540 villages under this campaign and he expressed the preparation and works to start in the blocks and VECs. He also stressed the importance of linking Aadhar of all beneficiaries in order to receive the full benefits of welfare schemes.
Referring to the Musiang Market, the Chief Minister said that the government has already sent the scheme to the Central Government under the NLCPR scheme. I visited this market to learn more about it.
Earlier in the programme, in his welcome speech, Swami Divyaswarupananda Maharaj, Centre-In-Charge, spoke about the teachings of Swami Vivekananda which encourages us to work for the good of the world.
Shillong Lajong FC coach Thanhboi Singto said that it will be enough for these children to play tomorrow morning. years of age.
The future will be bright if NEIAH is an example as it has grown well in the last few years.
The Hima welcomes the Chief Minister and this will be the first time according to his knowledge that the Governor will visit the largest market in Meghalaya. .
The Border Area Raid Nongtung Group has written to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District to release these people from Assam. The letter was signed by Aloysius Bina Secretary and Blikstar Sohtun President. The District Administration will take all necessary measures to release these people.
Regarding the death of the pigs, the Department of Agriculture has conducted a post mortem and sent them to ICAR Umiam. The cause of death was Classical Swine Flue. four diseases of pigs.
Shillong, Nailur 26: There are 151 new cases of COVID-19 in Shillong, Nailur 26: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today announced that 151 cases have been confirmed positive for COVID-1 There are 1877 cases.
“I remember that at that time the Meghalaya Water Bodies Reservation and Conservation Guidelines 2023 came out.
Shillong, Nailar 05: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawlai Nongkwar Unit this morning 6/8/2020 has conducted a sodium distribution campaign in Mawlai Nongkwar village which has 15 blocks.
Shillong, Lber 22: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) through its Education Cell has taken this opportunity to wish all the Khasi students who will soon sit for their SSLC and HSSLC examinations in the coming days. to come.
Guwahati Airport received the Pride of EAC Trophy and Salua Airport received the Best Non-Flying Station.
At the same time, we send our condolences to their families with prayers, as a family and wish them a healthy body.
“Therefore, I request the law enforcement authorities to punish the robbers who have defamed the VPP according to the rules of law,” said Bah Langstieh in the complaint.
Shillong, June 05: The 10 kurs of Rikhain Nonglynkien on 2nd June, 2022 held a meeting and decided to revive the agreement of the 10 kurs which was Since 1949 it has been part of the South West Khasi Hills District.
Another polling station has been set up at Mawdongki, where the people from Bornongsai, Auguri and Balakhawa villages which fall under Meghalaya only go to vote in this election, he said. in a statement sent today to the Minister of Home Affairs.
A military spokesman said the inscription was not a threat, it was only a warning and an information and such inscriptions were written on all the bases of the army across the country, without don't have any thoughts about any dong or region.
The KSU in a statement said that the woman, who has two children, used to smuggle through the border areas with Bangladesh with a Khar Muslim.
The Minister said that the inability to convene the meeting of the State Security Commission is due to the many reasons that the state has faced and that has led to the COVID-19 pandemic. Conrad said that the meeting was not convened regularly in the past. On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that the meeting was not convened regularly. shall call a meeting from time to time.
The purpose of this celebration is to raise awareness among the public about diabetes and to take action on this issue which affects the health of the people.
In Shillong, the teachers came from West Khasi Hills, Ri Bhoi, South West Khasi Hills and East Khasi Hills and it is estimated that there are about 60 of them at Malki Square till tonight.
Shillong, March 08: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawlai Circle today held a drawing competition and on the same day also distributed the Maitshaphrang Excellence Award
In her speech, Dr. Taring said that what made her join this party is that it is this party which has worked hard to improve the poor and needy in this country and also in this party. The state has implemented many schemes to the people under the leadership of Narendra Modi as the Prime Minister of India.
On the other hand, the Bodo community this morning carried a portrait of the Bodo leader and flowers.
This is the 102nd festival since its inception.
This year, the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan, the Symbut of the Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Starwell Chyne was present to witness the Suk Mynsiem dance at Madan Weiking.
The re-election of the Chairman of the House has been scheduled for the 6th of this month.
He also mentioned the construction of the 4-lane road to Upper Shillong where the company which built this road has fled and this will affect the people who need this road. why the company fled.
Officials of the department said that they will implement this scheme in the next few months.
In Meghalaya too, the roster should be done from 2022 and the roster should continue on that basis. as head of government.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: The Ri-Bhoi East Presbytery Women's Church in collaboration with the State Bank of India (RSB) has organized a self-employment training.
Shillong, Naitung 28: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, CP Gotmare, today said that due to heavy rainfall, four houses have been destroyed in Kawah Umtru village. be covered in water.
The marriage cannot be banned but for the sake of the honor of the Khasi Syiems and Himas, Syiem Maharam should have thought carefully not to show such a thing inside the Hima and in front of the children of thousands.
This area is very clean because of the pollution and cleanliness of this area every year because of the lack of water from the water pipes even though there is a well in this area but because it is full of water. The water pipe has been damaged and the water has flowed into the road.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah on Tuesday said that the State Government has proposed to build a four lane road in New Shillong Township.
Biam said that during the inspection by the members of the HNPF yesterday (12/01/2013) they found that these Health Sub-centres have remained closed since the closure. them since April last year.
On the other hand, the Union Minister said that this was done to protect the day laborers due to the increase in prices in the market.
Matri N Dunnai, who will be the judge of the contest, said that those who wish to participate in the contest should register by calling 8837469962. The deadline for participation is long on December 30,
In the meeting held today, the Minister urged the officers of the state government to be vigilant and ready to assist the people in the event of natural disasters such as the long now.
He said that the police are in Smit now but how can they stop when there are many people? Regarding the presence of the police, the villagers don't know why they came, but they assume that they will come. come to fulfill their duties as police.
Mawryngkneng, June 23: The KSU Mawryngkneng Circle has informed and sent a letter to the Labor Inspector of Mawpdang Mawkhanu Toll Gate. Mawryngkneng C&RD Block to conduct a search at the toll gate and after a few days the union received information that the number of foreigners working at the toll gate has increased.
The hotel is owned by the Meghalaya Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) which has been awarded to IHCL for 33 years in a public private partnership.
He said that many times he has had to request the Chiefs, Ministers, Lyngdohs, Basan, from Shnong, Raid to Hima to ask for help from their children on how to use email and email. mobile.
On receiving a tip, the Anti Narcotics Task Force (ANTF) raided the area and arrested a 26-year-old woman. she got drugs seized.
The Government does not have the funds to implement development projects in the rural areas which has been suspended for decades and nothing has helped the people but the Government does not have the funds to provide these people. Rock On has been released in the state.
Members of KSU Barak Valley Circle Assam, Members of Barak Valley Khasi Jaintia Welfare Organization, All Manipur Students' Union and Rongmei Naga Students' Organization Manipur were also present.
The Asian Center for Human Rights (ACHR) has urged the Delhi Police to provide protection by implementing the Prevention of Atrocities Act, 1989 following the murder of Nido. Taniam, a student from the state of Arunachal Pradesh.
These songs are forty songs.
This is according to a statement sent by Bah F Dakhar.
(18th – 22nd March 2013) Special training on how to grow Jam, Umsoh, Achar and others will be given as part of encouraging farmers living in Upper-Shillong, girls and women selected from Mawklot, Mylliem & Mawkriah.
The UDP has appointed a State Election Committee (SEC) to search for candidates for the Lok Sabha elections from Shillong and Tura seats.
She said that as part of the best service to the people, the hospital has decided to open a home care service in which this will be a strengthening of the hands of the hospital. Outside the hospital, they can provide treatment to the sick in their homes.
At the same time, he said that in this preparation to protect the country, they should not be misled by false news through social media.
To protect children, motherhood is important, besides working to provide for the family, at the same time looking after the upbringing of her children, this FSP has done a great job. to empower women for the development of a social family.
Journalists are watchdogs and therefore play a major role in democracy as in India," he added.
“The State has Anti Narcotics Task Forces (ANTFs) in all districts of the State and these teams are headed by Superintendents of Police (SPs), who fight against drugs in their respective districts. However, the State needs a fully staffed ANTF to be operated from the Meghalaya Police Headquarters,” said the statement.
FKJGP leader Bappun Sangma said the government should speak out clearly on the fight against insurgency in Garo Hills.
However, efforts are still going on to urge the government to fulfill the aspirations of the people of the state.
During the visit, they sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of Labor Department requesting to increase the wages of the workers and urged the government to take action on this. role.
Answering questions from the UDF CEM candidate, Bah Latiplang said, “I am confident of winning because yesterday we saw that the Chairman is no longer on our side. we".
The passing away of this great leader has been a great loss not only to his family but to the nation as a whole.
On this occasion, the Minister also informed about the works that the government has already done to protect the environment.
The Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) said that these people did not go to the police to submit any written statement to the police. the rights of women.
Speaking to reporters, CEM of KHADC Bah Shylla said that the meeting is scheduled to be held on 01st March 2018, where MLAs and MDCs from Ranikor, Mawkyrwat and Nongstoin as this road falls under these three constituencies.
The Central Government has a plan to mine this mineral because it wants to improve the roads and the intention is to mine this mineral, but this is the responsibility of the Government. The KHADC will look into the matter.
A meeting between the two Regional Committees from Kamrup and West Khasi Hills District will be held in Guwahati tomorrow morning.
The Thomas Jones Memorial Award was awarded to two girls, Aitisha Basaiawmoit, who scored 71.75%.
The public meeting was conducted by the District Medical Health Officer of East Khasi Hills District of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
“I spoke to the officers to have them look at the circumstances.
Therefore, the time has come to allow the people to decide what we will do in the future to listen and look at the government.
Jowai, July 06: The KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit has unanimously decided to give its full support to the NESO in connection with the protest called on the second day as a sign of protest against the NESO. The Central Government to enact or implement the Citizenship Amendment Bill
The General Secretary of the Parish Pastoral Council (PPC) of the Cathedral of Mary Help of Christians, Bah Barnabas Nangbah in an interview with the media, invited and urged the faithful of the Catholic Church from Jowai and Nongstoin to take part in the ceremony. The Eucharistic Procession will start at 1:30 pm from Calvary Square and pass through Dhankheti-Shillong Road, Jowai, return to Don Bosco Square and end at Calvary Square.
In this regard, the HYC today after receiving many complaints from the VECs of different villages, has met with the Minister in charge of Rural Development, AT Mondal. Speaking to reporters, the General Secretary of the party, Bah Roykupar Synrem, said that the scheme has been delayed and also to advise the government on how to implement the scheme. The implementation of this scheme has brought many benefits to the people but the government has delayed in paying their salaries.
Three deaths have been reported from East Khasi Hills District, bringing the total number of deaths in the district to 1048, while the total number of deaths in the state has risen to
It is learned that recently during a public hearing at Thiedieng village regarding the power plant, there was a stir and almost a shooting incident due to these illegal activities. The Syiem of Sohra Hima did not consult the residents of the village in this regard.
After 8 hours, only small vehicles will be allowed to cross the bridge and on the day the bridge is lowered, no vehicles will be allowed to cross the bridge.
Four private companies have bid for the government building, M/s Lessly Shylla, HM Cement, Center Point Groups Enterprise and City View Hotels.
He said that the LJP's wish is for the development of the villagers. He said that if only half of the money sent by the LJP is used, The Central Government on behalf of the people of the rural areas in Meghalaya will not be left behind as it is now, he said.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, he said that the party has not blamed anyone for the defeat but the party will write to the Election Commission. India should not say that voting should be universal.
The awards ceremony will be held on the 20th of this month at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall.
The union will also invite those teachers who have already gone to Tura to correct the examination papers of the students.
The restrictions on movement show that it does not apply to these people which can put others at risk.
Speaking to reporters, CoRP President Bandary Rantathiang said that the Dwarksuid Bridge is an old bridge from the NEC Road and was improved by the NHAI during the inspection. The Shillong Bypass is built.
At the beginning of the meeting, the Deputy Commissioner explained that the JNV School in Mawsynram has been running only in the premises of the Block Office in Mawsynram. However, the children who study at this school are still like slaves who remain without any regard for themselves and have to face many difficulties which they face from time to time.
Guwahati, Naitung 29: The Center for Wildlife Rehabilitation and Conservation (IFAW) in collaboration with the Assam Forest Department has launched a wildlife welfare facility run by the Assam government. Trust of India (WTI) staff at the scene rescued three Rihno cubs from the flood.
Monitoring Officer & Ex-Officio, Deputy Secretary, Planning Department.
Shillong, Nailur 07: The Hima Mylliem today held its Dorbar Hima, which was held at Madan Polo, in the presence of thousands of children from all over the Hima. great day.
The presence of foreign factories in the Jaidbynriew has not brought any benefit. Even the coal from the past they don't buy anymore which is produced here they buy from abroad.
Shillong, Lber 16: The Additional Director of BSF for the Eastern Region, Ravi Gandhi, on his visit to Meghalaya, visited Dawki and Lyngkhat on the border with Bangladesh.
On the resignation of the Prime Minister, the HNLC is not surprised because it is the custom because he is still busy because there is a conflict within the Congress party, the HNLC said, because on the other hand the Congress party has On the other hand, the Congress supporters want to remove him and the top Congress leaders pretend not to know anything about this. Shillong, Jymmang 17: The HNLC has said that if the Chief Minister does not hand over the investigation to the NIA, the HNLC will have something to hide. The special meeting of all SSA teachers and 4th teachers within the boundary of West Khasi Hills District under the banner of the West Khasi Hills District Unit will be held on the 20th of this month. month at 11 am at Bishop's Conference Hall, Nongstion.
Jyrwa said NESO will not rest but will not rest to express its opposition through protests and this will not only end on the streets but will also fight inside the Supreme Court.
All those who receive this award are required to bring their EPIC to show that they are the winners.
On the other hand, Bah Khongkhlad said that if there are any problems regarding the truck drivers, he requested to inform the Truck Association so that they can resolve the shortcomings and delays.
In connection with this inspection, ONGC in 1987 also took over the land of the people by paying the land fee and this matter has reached the court.
Referring to the NPP party which is leading the government, the Prime Minister said that nothing can be said about that as it is up to the State President to take a decision.
This training is very important because they are the helpers to the people in the villages to take the sick to the health centers especially the mothers who have to to the baby.
Shillong, Nailar 23: The Superintendent of Police (SSP) East Khasi Hills District today issued a directive to the public not to throw garbage in public places and at the same time prohibited and the fine shall be five thousand pieces of silver.
Shillong, July 19: Chairman of the Parliamentary Standing Committee (PSC) Anand Sharma today met with the Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly Dr Mukul Sangma at Pinewood Hotel, Shillong.
The union feels that it is necessary to work together between the people and the government authorities at this time to prevent the spread of the Corona virus.
Shillong, Nailar 10: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has demanded the abolition of Aadhaar which should not be necessary especially for students to apply for food stamps. It will not be difficult for students to apply for this scholarship if they do not have Aadhaar.
As the citizens, ask why such things happen in the North East of India, is it because the Central Government does not understand the mindset of the people of this North East? We are from India, it is because of the differences in the appearance of the trees, the differences in the way we eat and the differences in the language.
Kamsing village is located on the border with Bangladesh and has the lowest number of voters in Meghalaya. To reach this village you have to go by boat as there is no other road. .
She said that people from all over the world have come for treatment at the Institute in Mumbai and since its inception, the number of patients who have received treatment for brain problems has increased. 9000 people and about 20 people from Meghalaya.
In the meantime, we must continue to cooperate with the various regulators as notified.
Shillong, June 30: As part of the training on how to empower women, the North East Network has conducted a training for mothers from neighboring villages at Mawryngkneng.
He urged the farmers and elderly who are willing to help the organization to call
The Chokpot MLA alleged that the Chief Minister has done things that have affected the state especially in Garo Hills. the education sector is at the forefront of government.
It was said in the House that he will discuss this issue with the CEM to find ways and means how to get the schemes from the central government, as at present the state government has not allocated any funds. Article 275 of the KHADC is also in force.
They were all taken to court and after trial they were sentenced.
On tourism, Conrad K Sangma expressed his hope for the future of the areas taken as the Travellers Nest.
The marathon was attended by children, youth and elders of the village.
PUBLIC HEARING OF TOPCEM TO IMPROVE CCP: The public hearing of Meghalaya Cement Ltd. of Topcem Thangskai, was held inside the hall of the dewbilat factory. against this public announcement, they damaged the hall, chairs, tables and other equipment used to hold the meeting on Friday.
Shillong, Jymmang 7: Leaders of the United Democratic Party (UDP) led by Bah Mighter Marwein and several elders today joined the National People's Party (NPP) at its office in Lachumier.
Army Public School of 101 Area won the first prize, BSF Senior Secondary School came second and St Mary's Higher Secondary School came third.
Lumpyngad Bungalow, Brightwell Bungalow, Shrubberias Bungalow, Bivar Road, Crabtree Bungalow, Dhankheti, Bracken Hill Bungalow, Lumpyngad Motingar, Lake House Bungalow adjacent to Ward's Lake, Lake Side Bungalow by Pine Wood, Miramar Road Bungalow.
The funeral service will be held on 9/9/2017 at 2 pm from his residence in Mawlai Iewrynghep at the Mawlai Presbyterian Church in Mawlai Nonglum.
Six cases have been confirmed in West Garo Hills, four cases are high risk contacts, one case is from outside the state and one case is from the army. you are not infected with COVID-1
The work on the National Curriculum Framework has been initiated in consultation with the District Consultative Committees, State Focus Groups, State Steering Committees, National Focus Groups and the National Steering Committee among others.
In the second meeting, Regional Committees will be set up to start the demarcation process in seven places and they will go to meet the people in those places. enough time they could complete the remaining six.
Shillong, June 18: The President of KHNAM, Bah Yndapborthiaw Saibon, on Tuesday said that the Prime Minister, Conrad Sangma, has said that the Inner Line Permit (LIP) should not be issued but should be discussed. protection against the infiltration of foreigners.
Shillong, June 23: As part of the celebration of World Earth Day, the KSU Wapung Unit has taken the initiative to celebrate this day on the 22nd June 2021 together around the world.
The DC of West Jaintia Hills said that if anyone does not sell the rice, the office will take action according to the law.
He said that if there is only one person who stands firm on the foundation, it is enough to win against 10 million. you are a bad person.
Shillong, April 28: The NTC in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnong of New Nongstoin and Upper New Nongstoin today announced that the NTC in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnong of New Nongstoin and Upper New Nongstoin will conduct a cleanliness drive. the market is clear today.
In a letter sent today, it was clear that the party has banned the candidates from holding a public march after winning the mid-term MLA election. allow only two people to accompany.
Apart from the two Khasi States, Nongstoin and Maharam, which have Rules issued by the KHADC, the other 23 Khasi States do not have Rules. The KHADC authorities, which has led and opened the way many times to the interference of the political authorities, until the White House and sometimes even the Supreme Court of the country. India.
“Furthermore, the President alleged that the company that supplies the household iron, Haryana Iron Works Pvt.
Shillong, July 01: The Director Corporate Affairs, Bah Dispanbor Hynniewta has issued an order that the written examination to be held on July 3, 2023 in Shillong and Tura has been postponed until further notice. even.
Similarly, if other MDCs agree to the issuance of NOC, they too have to take responsibility.
NCP President Saleng A Sangma will contest again from the 56th Gambegre Constituency (ST).
Bah Roy Kupar Synrem also urged the youth to study hard and work hard so that they can reach higher levels and not just to be involved in small jobs.
In the hearing, the Advocate General of the Meghalaya Government said that the seizure of government funds by the plaintiffs was fraudulent and the purchase of land in Umsaw Khwan was also fraudulent. there is doubt and it is said that clarification should be sought from them.
Thabah said the MLAs should allocate T.10 lakh and the MDCs should allocate T.5 lakh to the Khyriem, Mylliem, Nongkhlaw, Sohiong and others for the installation of mawpud.
This way of thinking has put animal species, plant species and the entire planet at risk.
As part of the decision of the Syiem of Mylleim Hima on 13th August 2012 according to letter No : MS/V-30/2008/1455-60, the Ing Dorbar of the Hima has sent a letter to the Office of Director Tourism Department to seek clarification along with witnesses through sufficient documents to prove the ownership of the land by the Department, but the surprising thing is that the Government Office has remained silent. without giving any reply, and this has made the Seng suspicious that there may be something wrong with the position of Head of the Tourism Department.
The delegation will also visit Dhauligiri and Konark Sun Temple. The press tour was organized by the Press Information Bureau, Shillong in collaboration with the Press Information Bureau, Bhubaneswar under the supervision of the Information & Broadcasting Department, Government of India.
There are 482 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 157 cases in East Khasi Hills and 4312 cases in the state.
According to a statement and photographs sent by the Divisional Commandant of Home Guards, Shillong and Public Relations Officer of the Directorate of Civil Defence and Home Guards, Bah PH.Shylla, the same The team together with the Fire and Emergency Services and employees of the Shillong Municipal Board went to Bivar Road to rescue the residents of Bivar Road, Shillong after the collapse of the well.
On the other hand, the four organizations will talk to the government when it has the right to send police to central government schools. There is an 'Open Category' Other ethnic groups living in the state can apply for education without any restrictions.
Two Technical Sessions were held during the workshop including 'Development of Border Areas' and 'Welfare of Tribals'
“I promise you, the people of the country, that those people who take the law into their own hands and create trouble, whether it is an individual or a group, or this country or others the countries also cannot bear it.
As part of the Viksit Bharat SankalpYatra campaign, the Minister talked to the beneficiaries to provide information and ensure the full implementation of Government schemes across the country.
The winner in this sport was LP School Laitmawlong with 370%.
He said the Department of Development of North Eastern Region (DoNER), besides initiating livelihood projects, also provides assistance to the states of the North East in times of natural disasters.
One from the east, one from the west, northwest and so on of the village.
Grace Mary Kharpuri has been appointed to the Department of Market, Council Market and other Markets in the Department of Information Technology.
The union has questioned who is the owner of M/s Double Seven Corporation because according to the IFSC code it belongs to Itanagar district of Arunachal Pradesh.
Speaking to reporters, he said that the villages which have fallen under the containment zone are Amlarem, Krangpamtdong, Amsarim, Ladjaplem, Amshipai, Lai Lyngdoh and Amlatdoh.
She died with the last words of “Vande Mataram” with the hope of an independent India in her soul.
On this day, Darly went to church to hold a special prayer where the church leaders held a prayer.
On the occasion of the 75th Independence Day of Meghalaya, Bah Pyrkhatlang Suchiang MPS has been elected as the Deputy Superintendent of Police of the CBSP.
New Delhi, Jymmang 02: A man who used to travel to China has been confirmed positive for the Novel Coronavirus in Kerala today.
For those students who have been informed and who have not yet been recognized by the government, they should also be able to take the final examination.
At the same time, the JSU said that this film will also promote the nation in preserving the language and customs and traditions of the nation.
Dozens of supporters of these two candidates have gathered to accompany the candidates on the nomination day for the MLA election.
The union has only 18 members but has done many great things such as donating to Mercy homes, as well as supporting schools for poor children. lakh for the Gordon College of Nursing.
There are 23 recoveries, the highest number of recoveries from East Khasi Hills 19, bringing the total number of recoveries to 82973 in the state.
Speaking to reporters, he said that the tax applies to casino games and the manner in which the tax will be collected has been discussed well in this regard. These parts are being discussed and when they have finished discussing they will take a decision.
The KSU would like to question the District Council Leaders and strongly condemn them for their lack of responsibility on the boundaries of the Jaidbynriew and also on the culture and traditions. of our people who are not in Khappud.
On the other hand, Ms Agnes said that this is just one incident, if there are many other villages like this, she urged the people to come forward to complain. “Don't be afraid to come forward to complain,” she said.
“We will first meet the Chief Minister of Assam Himanta Biswa Sarma to urge him to urge the MPs of Assam to support the three demands of the state in Parliament,” he said. said HANM President Bah Lamphrang Kharbani in an interview with the media.
The Petroleum Dealers Association (PDAM) on Tuesday urged the public to be vigilant regarding the presence of ethanol in petrol.
In recognition and encouragement, JETS 24×7 recently honored Sandara Marpna, a student of Christian Academy, Shillong who has entered the Top 20 of the result. Secondary School Leaving Certificate (SSLC) is not announced by the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE).
“I have not yet spoken to Bah AL Hek, but when I took over as President of the state I am with the people, because it is my state I want to have that protection. from the coming of the people of the bar".
During the inspection, the journalists found that the roads in the city are very crowded as well as the offices, and there are only children playing on the streets, and some vehicles going to the shops. balloons in front of their vehicles and ambulances.
Archana Upadhyay, PT teacher of JNV Nongstoin led the yoga session and the children took part in the celebration.
It is on this basis that the Government wants to see that the people should improve their income in the areas where they live. Integrated Basin Development and Livelihood Promotion Program (IBDLP).
The meeting also requested to donate funds for the Rabindranath Tagore Culture Complex at Rilbong Shillong within the Tagore Cultural Complex for the state of Meghalaya. year in the year
Speaking to reporters, Bah Latiplang said that the Executive Committee has received a complaint from the people that there has been excessive exploitation by some of the village authorities in collecting the registration fees. place.
Grants have been released to the States on the recommendations of the Finance Commissions to fill the shortfalls in the revenue accounts of the States after devolution.
The Dorbar is pleased to inform the KHADC authorities that to date, out of the 25 Khasi States, the KHADC authorities have enacted Acts in 12 Khasi States, while 13 Khasi States have not yet enacted Acts. There are Acts or Rules, which govern according to oral tradition which have not yet been made into Acts or Rules.
He said that the Social Welfare Department alone cannot work and reduce the spread of drug users but this requires the cooperation of the Police Department, the Government agencies and the community especially. from the religious leaders and from the Dorbar Shnong.
He said that if the government provides transportation fees to the contractors who supply food and equipment, it should provide transportation fees to the farmers.
After the Lum Dorbar, the second part was to go to Mei Mawbuh to thank and bury her with the completion of the lehniam which was a female cow and a male cow. Here too, when he looks at the signs, all the signs are in order and he is confident that the rise of Pyneh Rngiew this year will be a success.
The question is,why does this happen? Because every time it comes to 8.00 pm, we have to prepare mombati and Lenten because it is at that time that the light goes out.
At this meeting, the Forum also decided to strongly oppose the implementation of the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) in the State and the North Eastern Region. They have affected the minorities and ethnic groups in terms of culture, identity, dress and others, and the time will come when they will no longer feel ownership of their own country.
At the same time, it was said that they should provide assistance to these people.
Shillong, Nailar 8: The total number of cases tested positive for COVID-19 in Meghalaya has risen to 540, with 226 cases from East Khasi Hills and 82 cases from Ri Bhoi. West Khasi Hills 82 cases, total number of cases in the state
Therefore, the union invites all SSA and 4th teachers within the boundary of West Khasi Hills to attend the meeting for a detailed explanation.
During these two months of his training in Shillong, many other training methods will be explained in relation to the needs of the country in this era.
It is learned that this is the second time that the village has suffered a natural disaster.
The Talent Identification Program was conducted by the MSOA with the support of the DSYA and implemented by the Edge10 Group, (ArmsPT) UK, which was implemented in November and December The test includes four tests: 20M Sprint, 10M Ladder Run, Compass Drill (Agility) and Vertical Jump.
Two persons including a woman and a member who were brought from Jowai to Shillong today fell ill and were admitted to hospital.
W Dkhar General Secretary said that there are many shortages in the health centers and many times there are only nurses, but the most important thing is to have medicines. She urged the government to provide medicines that affect the people.
Inaugurating these buildings, the Minister stressed on the importance of the participation of villages in improving the income of the State.
Due to the hard work of the Railway Department, all the power plants and petrol stations have been stocked despite the lockdown due to COVID-19. New Delhi: The Railway Department has fulfilled its promise to ensure the availability of essential goods.
It may be recalled that the Government of India through the Ministry of Human Resource Development, Government of India has launched the Rashtriya Madhyamik Education Abhiyan (RMSA) for the improvement of secondary schools in Psiar, West Jaintia Hills. , but it is sad to say that in the past few days the police of Mukoilum Assam have come to forcefully stop the work of this school.
vii.
He said the government has issued a strict order not to cause any disturbance in the peace and order in the state.
The construction of the roads is through a single road that can be used all year round, to those non-vehicle residential areas with a population of 250 or more.
Other speakers at the meeting were Bah Franklin Mawri, Rangbah Shnong Diengiong, Bah Kyrshan Marbaniang, Legal Affairs Officer, Bah Arphul Kharbani. The meeting was conducted by the President of the party, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani.
This Act prohibits single men from having children with women, this Act will not allow.
Bahshlur Mukhim was elected president, Neeta Mukhim vice president, Shemphang Pohshna secretary, Ohiwot Mukhim assistant secretary and Theriang Pohshna treasurer.
These problems will always exist but they will not happen now, it is not a threat but I feel that after 4-5 years when they go to renew their recognition, I am sure this rule will happen and the question Sangma said in an interview with reporters on Tuesday.
Shillong, June 05: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has received the approval of the Governor of Meghalaya for the Protection and Promotion of Traditional Medicine Act, but the rules.
It was launched by Myntri Rangbah Duh on 13th March 2021 with the aim of removing the monopoly of Government departments and bringing together the preparedness of those involved in the construction of livelihoods.
To protest against this action of the Governor of Meghalaya, the Congress party will not take part in the speech of the Governor in the House today. hatred of the inhabitants of the country.
Chander Mukhi Sharma, BFI Secretary General, Indian Olympic Association (IOA) and Adille J Sumariwalla were present as observers.
“I am the only MP who has been deceived by the BJP and other MPs whether in Assam or Arunachal Pradesh, many have left why because they have been deceived or threatened, they have sent I have been appointed by the ED, IT as well but I trust and love the people of Meghalaya.
He said India will celebrate 100 years of independence in these 25 years which is 'Amrit Kaal'
“The time has come for our small nation to surprise people and take responsibility from themselves individually, to the family, the community, the society and the government authorities from “The JHADC to the State should use its powers to pass laws and regulations to protect our own people who are already in danger from being overwhelmed,” said Bah MH Dkhar.
In JHADC, the Congress has 14 MDCs and with the support of nine independent candidates, the Congress now has 23 MDCs in the 30-member Assembly.
Shillong, Lber 01: The CBC has organized a two-day Photo Exhibition & Information Session on the Freedom Fighters of India. Ramakrishna Mission Higher Secondary School, Mylliem.
The examination fee will be 300 tyngka per subject and the examination will be held in April and May.
On the other hand, the EE of PHE said that they will resume the work especially on the water tanks and water tanks.
The Muay Thai Association of Meghalaya would like to thank the State Government through the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs, the Meghalaya State Olympic Association for their contribution to the promotion of Muay Thai. I would like to express my sincere gratitude to the Meghalaya State Olympic Association for recognizing Muay Thai and for including it in the Meghalaya Games to be held in West Jaintia Hills District in
According to sources received by SP News Agency, the mother, who was one month old, was taken by an ASHA from Umden PHC to the hospital. She was sent to Bethany Nongpoh for scanning.
The religious group was founded on July 15, 1915 by St. James Alberione and was named the Daughters of St Paul. religion to spread the knowledge in the world.
Police said that one of the arrested persons is from the house of COMSO Chairman Robert Kharjahrin who is also the President of HYC. Therefore, the leaders have been directed to tell their members to refrain from these illegal activities as the law will do whatever is necessary for those involved.
Shillong, July 14: The Secretary to the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, has resigned as MLA from the 17th Shillong North Assembly Constituency. hire shuki.
If there is a ksiang, they can bring weapons or dissolve the party. His visit now is for himself and not in the name of the party.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, MDA Chairman Conrad K Sangma said that the allegations against the government have been discussed within the MDA. The Prime Minister said that the National President of the BJP Dr M. Chuba Ao has met with him. He pledged that the BJP will support the MDA government until the end of the year.
He said that the Employment Cell has tried to meet the CPMG but they have not been able to meet him because he is not in the state. they understand better and have detailed knowledge of different places.
Shillong, July 22: Opposition Leader Manstudy Nongrem, HSPDP Leader Telinia Thangkhiew and UDP Leader Teinwell Dkhar on Tuesday said that they still have to think about how to deal with the issue. This happened today inside the KHADC where they left the dorbar.
Its leaders said that the party cannot just listen and watch when the areas and the people are suffering.
After this, Kiang Nangbah strongly undermined the rule of the British.
In a statement sent by the President of JAC Narpuh, Bah L.Bareh, the blockade on the NH-6 will start from the 19th of this month at 7:00 pm. Only ambulances, security vehicles and vehicles of journalists will be allowed to pass, while other vehicles of the JAC will not be allowed to pass.
The question now is why after 61 years of KHADC and 41 years of Meghalaya we are still in darkness over the ownership of land.
However, to those who have the spirit of the devil without discrimination even in the midst of the Fatherhood, he is ready to take back the lives of these brothers in his own hands.
Shillong, Lber 13: U Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA of Shillong South in the past few days has launched many schemes implemented through the MLA scheme in Laban area. you market.
In this GEF/UNDP grant, the office, as part of bringing benefits to the farmers, caretakers, managers of these forests, has suggested that we should cooperate with all Government departments especially and the River Basin program of the Government of Meghalaya, so that these Government authorities understand, take action and create mechanisms to help protect, preserve, improve, such places which are the lifeblood of mankind in this country. the world.
According to the DHS, all students must submit a Permanent Resident Certificate to prove that they are Meghalayans, but it was found that some of these 8 students did not submit their PRC but but the Provisional PRC is valid for only 3 or 6 or 12 months.
The HYC demands that the government should revise this, as it has been seen that the government allows others to march in public, why should only the Christmas carol be banned?
However, for the first time since the independence of Meghalaya, the Lama of India on the Republic Day on the 26th of this month will be hoisted by the Lama of India. Dr Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
“According to the ILP, a person must have permission before entering the state.
He said that besides being a narrow place for the water to flow, it has been built with Paia and stones have been placed, which has caused the flow of water to increase.
When the top leaders of the HNLC together with our Ksiang from the State and the Central Government have met, they will be able to present these approvals to the Government.
Shillong, July 05: A meeting between the three groups, the Achik National Volunteer Council (ANVC), central government and state government officials was held today at the Police Circuit House in Pynthor.
Shillong, November 20: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem today at the opening of the Dorbar Tlang brought a decision in the House on the issue of The introduction of amendments to the Schedule Tribe Order
Shillong, March 5: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War today said that 111 people have tested positive for COVID-1
Speaking to reporters at the Shillong Press Club, Bah Batskhem Myrboh, Spokesperson of the party, said that the party will submit the letter to the Prime Minister. State of Meghalaya to Conrad K Sangma.
In India as a whole, there are only two optical fiber sites, one in Mumbai and one in Chenai. The northern part of India will improve the Internet connectivity and once this work is completed, the Internet in this region will be as fast as in other parts of India.
It is to be recalled that in this tragic incident in the collapse of the coal mine at Ksan, the government has received an estimate that all those who lost their lives are 100 people and so far two people have been rescued.
So you see in that line, the Congress is more committed to empowering women than any other party,” said Bah Pala.
Etalan Myrthong said that on the 15th of this month, the Sordar Shnong and his men damaged his house and this happened in the middle of the night. The complaint was lodged at Mairang Police Station.
When it comes to the ethnic parties, they are the ones who have encouraged their people to elect prime ministers from across the border, and support the state government, even though they have the power to elect their fellow citizens. parasnam to lead his state which has raised the heroes, the simpah, the simsong, the children of binong bishon and the people of billions of people fifty years ago to surrender and sacrifice themselves for the sake of the nation.
It would be good if the Chief Minister and the Honorable MLAs of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly convene another Special Session and discuss this issue.
“He said it is important as teachers to serve their job properly to improve the education of the children in Meghalaya.
He said the State Project Director has promised to discuss with the Government on this request of the Association.
She also recalled that it was Prof. HW Sten who first started the Khasi Department at NEHU and this department was due to the work of him and other professors.
Shillong, Nailar 09: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Prestone Tynsong today convened a meeting to discuss the current situation of COVID-19 in the state. The decision to allow the opening of places of worship in Meghalaya from 16th July
“This allegation is just a political ploy by other political parties and we strongly condemn such allegations,” said Dr. Syngkon while talking to media after filing his nomination papers from the Shillong Parliamentary Seat.
Shillong, November 24: The first ever ball match organized by the BSF between the BSF and the villagers on the border with Bangladesh ended on Saturday, with a Christmas celebration in which hundreds of thousands of people Two people came to witness the ceremony.
Doctors and staff of Robert Hospital were present on this occasion who welcomed these small donations but they are still a source of hope to many when they need it at any time.
There is a need to fight against this evil, this is illegal and it is also a problem in the society and the government will do whatever it can to prevent this evil. .
Police have also arrested the driver of the truck who entered the area where no one should walk and who was involved in the shooting. This is the first time that India has traded with Bangladesh.
The complete durim is expected to be completed before the end of 2019 and will be exhibited at durim festivals across India and internationally if the opportunity arises.
He said there are many applications yet to be made.
At present, the training is held twice a day in two groups.
: means a part of the land that has been marked to separate one part of the country from another.
The country will be proud that its soldiers have given their lives while in the midst of battle.
In these days, many of the vehicles going to Dawki when they reach Pynursla do not leave the Dawki road but leave the road to Nohwet and Lyngdkhat via Pyrdiwah to reach Dawki.
In this regard, the Tenancy Bill that the government will introduce in the House is to regulate and prevent foreigners.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum MLA said that the inspection was in the presence of the village authorities, officers from PWD and SMB to inspect the road. loss caused by the strike earlier this month.
This action of the government is not enough, as the people of the state also have to express to the world that the central government should know that the people of Meghalaya are against this Bill by passing the Bill. This is a public meeting that the central government will not see.
That’s the aim, and that’s what the Government allows us to take.
Seven candidates contested for the post of Waheh Shnong and Phresmi Suting won.
The election committee was headed by MPCC President Vincent H Pala, other members included CLP leader Dr Mukul Sangma, Nongthymmai MLA Charles Pyngrope and EKH President Kennedy Khriam. , Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh and others.
At present, these products are considered as forest products and fall under the jurisdiction of the Forest Department. .
The government announcement was signed by the Governor of the state under Rule 7 of Aadhaar, therefore those who are eligible for this assistance from CMSAS should have Aadhaar or be who is still registered with Aadhaar.
Shillong, Nailur 29: U Bah Sabor Shullai, Union Minister of State for Home Affairs, Shillong, on Tuesday met with Joint Secretary to the Union Home Ministry Piyush Goyal in Delhi and handed over a letter to the Minister. Amit Shah's Central Government.
“I am not happy to see the scientific methods of foreigners in Ladrymbai or even Shillong and I am happy to work for the development of the community.
Prof DRL Nonglait's speech on the issue of if you love the Khasi language what have you done? examination to compete for the Golden Medal.
In this regard, the district administration, the BDO and the village authorities have phoned to inquire about this crowd, as many people come from poor families and cannot wait any longer. They came today and this was the reason for the gathering at his house.
The SAFF, which includes all the religions in Meghalaya, has discussed this issue and has taken this decision to urge the people of the state not to be misled by such allegations. because it is not the truth.
The Chief Minister was also reminded that the Federation of Khasi States has been demanding the implementation of the ILP. and if this has not been implemented, how can the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2019 be introduced which will cause problems especially to the ethnic groups in the North East.
At present, the government vehicles, four vehicles earn and earn more than the price set by the government, these vehicles do not have to pay tax to the government. that they will take the government price.
The Seng would like to urge the Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep Hills not to allow the government to implement this Act.
Shillong, Nailur 28: In a meeting with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya to discuss the areas where the Central Government wants to introduce the amendment to the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India, the CEM of India KHADC has suggested that the entire state of Meghalaya should be made a tribal area.
The Minister said that the Cabinet has approved a new policy on health, in the villages there will be no Village Health Committee. The Cabinet has approved the National Highway Act, which is an Act of the Central Government. The adoption of this Act will facilitate the acquisition of land for the construction of National Highways in the country and in the state as well.
: The Meghalaya government has launched a two-day conclave on climate change, 'Nature Solutions: A New Framework for Our Sustainable Future' under the banner of the G20 Summit. by the Government of India.
The Government will continue to support in the future.
On the same day, a friendly match was played between Nonghukew SC and Umtong SC in which no winner was played but the MCC awarded prize money of Rs.5,000/- (San Hajar). Amount).
These include 37 individuals and 10 foreign groups.
The HNLC urges the Khasi-Jaintia politicians in the new government that before they endanger their own political career, they should put the Jaidbynriew first. This is because the struggle of the HNLC is not for economic development, but for freedom from Khadar rule.
Regarding the belief of some who oppose the project that the water will cover Thiedieng village, it is a misleading statement to the people.
However, the people thronged to a function organized by the government at Madan Polo to listen to what the government had to say.
Medical College in Raipur district together with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare.
The Commission, which submitted its report to the Government in 1984, warned that the District Councils in Meghalaya will not die on their own. also mention the areas that need to be changed.
Therefore, we the people of the country must work together to achieve these goals.
“I was the first student of the Khasi Department and I received many awards from Prof.Sten.
Prestone said an Advisory Committee has been set up to investigate drug traffickers and the punishment will not be for months or months but for many years.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister said that the government has worked hard to deliver this scheme to 40,000 households in the state and from this scheme the state government will benefit through agriculture. pig.
