Shillong, Nailur 26: A hill has suddenly collapsed at Patharkhamah Market in Ri Bhoi District due to heavy rainfall. .
Speaking to reporters, Bah Shylla said that he received the letter sent by the state government on 19th June 2017 and after reading it carefully, The letter states that according to the Application of Laws Regulation 1952, the President of India, Rajendra Prasad, has already given his approval for the implementation of the letter. You shall not be subject to the laws adopted by the UKJHADC under this Act.
Give the bapli a new C&RD Block and re-establish the Wapung C&RD Block, which has been given once a day to the Wapung area, so that you can get confidence from both sides.
There will also be lifestyle modification services along with a specialized clinic to treat neuromuscular disorders, psychological disorders, metabolic disorders and others.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah S Mawlong Director of MIE said that the government will provide assistance to improve the supply of agricultural products including fish. I'm not better off.
In this regard, the union and the village headmen on 1.05.2020 met with the SDO of Pynursla and suggested that a temporary market should be set up.
On the ruling side, Bah Reniktone Tongkhar, in his speech, said that he is against this issue, but what is interesting is that the ancestors of The ethnic parties have now entered the minds of the national parties.
Shillong, Lber 01: The FKJGP Mawsynram Circle is deeply saddened by the destruction of the Training Cum Production Center (TCPC) in Mawsynram by the Government authorities.
The Additional Deputy Commissioner of South Garo Hills District, AM Sangma told SP News Agency that the collapse of the bridge happened last night and it is the only bridge connecting the bridge. the villages between Siju and Baghmara.
Speaking to SP News Agency by phone, Rai said that they are ready to reject their complaint if they come in the right way to talk and understand, to resolve the issue. The JCMA has requested the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills to convene a meeting to resolve the issue.
Shillong, Nailar 08: The Independent Inquiry Committee of Retired Judge Justice Rumi Kumari Phukan (Retd.) today expressed her regret that the investigation has been suspended by the Meghalaya has been arrested for shooting dead people in Mukhroh West.
Relatives said that the police have taken the two KSU members for further investigation.
Why do we dare to come, because we know that we have nothing to do with this (to kill the two foreigners), we have not done anything about it.
This was announced in accordance with the decision of the Central Government from the Food and Distribution Department as these items are to prevent the spread of COVID-1
They are involved in demanding T.20,000 from a victim in North Garo Hills,” he said.
The blast, suspected to have been caused by gelatin sticks, was placed inside a house, which damaged the doors of the houses nearby.
They said that many farmers and especially the consumers have begun to understand the need to stop buying agricultural products that have been treated with chemicals.
This is the fourth time that the leaders of the Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union (MEMRIWU) have conveyed their demands to the colleagues of Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh after she took over as the Minister of Health and Family Welfare.
He also asked how the Meghalaya government has found it difficult to quarantine the people of the state who are from abroad and has sent them to home quarantine. quarantine them if they are infected.
The scheme also includes drinking water filters and a hand washing facility.
On the demand for 100% salary increase and 30% annual salary increase, their demand is from the government, but in this meeting today the government has made it clear that it cannot, from the government. GVK has promised to increase the salary by 10%, 10% salary increase every year and 10% other increases to 30%.
The public hearing was inaugurated by the Union Minister of State for Home Affairs , Dr Subhash Ramrao Bhamre . India in setting up its own businesses.
Initially, the SOP said that no films are allowed to be shown in the containment zones and the states/UTs can introduce further security measures according to the circumstances.
Answering additional questions, the Minister of Education said that those children who do not have teachers in the schools have been sent to other schools in the same village and those who are far away the government is still looking for them. how to get teachers.
After the strike, the government has ordered to dig up the area and the work is ongoing now.
The two students who passed well were Barlanstar Kharpran with 88.33% marks in Mathematics, Science, Khasi, Health Education and Social Science. 76.33% with distinction in Mathematics, Khasi, and Social Science.
As Meghalaya, which has never been prominent in the illegal cattle trade in recent years, has suddenly become prominent and the reason is that the smuggling of cattle from this state is easier to smuggle into Bangladesh.
The auction will be held at 12.00 noon at the ADC office in Amlarem, Civil Sub Division.
Shillong, July 07: U Bah Pretone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, on Tuesday requested the employees of EMRI 108 to suspend their strike. their demand even for the contract with the company that will expire in October 2022.
The party also condemns the state government especially the power minister in charge James Sangma for not performing his duties as the power minister to look after the welfare of the people of the state. The state should not have any complaints about the distribution of electricity to the residents.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today inaugurated a fish farm at Mawlyndep in Ri Bhoi District.
There will be thunderstorms in eastern Bangladesh and this will spread to the eastern states of India.
Shillong, Lber 15: The office of the Sub-Registrar of Cooperative Societies, Sohra on Tuesday held a training on how to instill the spirit of cooperation in the area at Sitsohpen.
The Minister also expressed the hope that this initiative will benefit not only the elderly applicants but will also transform the Department of Textiles.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The High Power Committee (HPC) in charge of the construction of the new Legislative Assembly building in Mawdiangdiang has appointed M/s Design Associate from Noida to design the building. The Legislative Assembly of the State of Meghalaya.
Those who attended the meeting were Dr. Engam Pame, Director, CBC, Shillong, Dr. Moushumi Dey, Lecturer, Department of History, Women's College, Shillong. Meghalaya', Executive Members of the Village Council, Sohra, teachers, students and guests.
At the conclusion of his presentation, Thakur said that while 2023 has come to an end, 2024 presents many opportunities.
After this, there was a program of 10 hours at the Khmih Creative Society, Nongstoin.
The meeting today discussed how to strengthen the talks for closer cooperation between the sports federations of France.
The Hynniewtrep People Front (HPF) Ri Bhoi District through its President has strongly condemned the perpetrators of this crime and demanded that the police should arrest and punish the perpetrators. according to the work.
The purpose of the visit of the students of St. Edmund's School was to understand the work of the laboratory and the facilities available at the laboratory to examine the herbal medicines of the area.
On the other hand, the Commissioner and Secretary of the DC(A) said that this is a census which has not yet been received and the exact census will be announced tomorrow.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Bah Garod LSN Dykes, on Tuesday said that some pigs have died of wild disease. African Swine Fever.
The JSU suggested that the Police or BSF should cooperate in the patrol duty in which the villagers should participate as they know better who is not from here.
Amapti, July 10: The one-day Environmental Protection Day in South West Garo Hills concluded today with Sports Minister Zenith Sangma as the chief guest.
Shillong, Nail 7: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Kong Matsiewdor w.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) War Jaintia Circle on Tuesday sent a petition to the Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya through the office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District. The PWD Sub-Divisional Office at Amlarem has been upgraded to an EE office.
The race started from Jowai, Shillong, Umsning and Mawkyrwat.
There are 58 statues, but there will also be BSF and Air Force personnel to remove the statues as in Shillong it is scheduled to be held only at this place to remove the statues.
After assuming office, Prime Minister Duh first signed the release of the 17th installment of the Kisan Samman Nidhi to be distributed to the farmers.
He said that in three years the state will celebrate its 50th anniversary.
“NEEPCO has already prepared the project as an RR Plant, in order to pay the land fee to the land owners who will be affected by the project,” said Bah Neng.
In Shillong, the protest was led by the KSU, which is one of the members of NESO. In Shillong, the protest was held in front of the statue of Tirot Sing Syiem in Laitumkhrah. hundreds of thousands took part.
The factory department, seeing that these gates have appeared inside the Umiam Industrial area, wants to close them and not to appear in other industrial areas across the state.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: The Meghalaya State Legal Services Authority (MSLSA) today launched a training campaign for the public in the state to raise awareness among the poor and needy people. The Government will provide assistance to those poor households who cannot afford to appoint a judge in their cases.
He said that the civil society organizations and prominent leaders of the district have appealed to the people of Ri Bhoi District to maintain peace and order and urged the district authorities to they will lift the prohibition of 144 CrPC which has banned public gatherings.
In the 2nd division, Asif of Golflink won the Player of the Match award and Pritam Singh of Golflink won the Player of the Series award.
He said that besides the ban on coal mining, the mining of mawshuh has also been banned.
Replying to a question by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on the Pineapple Festival in Delhi, New Delhi, the Chief Minister said, “I am pleased to see that the people of Meghalaya have received such recognition. right at home and abroad.
On this occasion, Bah Pynshngian CEM of KHADC urged the people to give more and more support to this Khun Dap Shynrang to win the election in 2018 so that many things can be achieved. the aspirations of the people and especially for the nation as a whole.
Speaking to media on July 21, 2023, Bah Vincent Pala, incumbent MP of the Lok Sabha from 1-Shillong Lok Sabha Constituency, said that The Congress party from the beginning will continue to join this political party but only if the Congress expels him from the party.
The Director said that 32 cases have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills, 28 cases in West Garo Hills, 3 cases in West Garo Hills and 1 case in Ri Bhoi. to 499 people.
He said it is the first time in Meghalaya and among all the states in India that the allocation for the health sector has increased to 80% of the allocation.
There are 19 cases of COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, 12 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 320 cases in East Khasi Hills, 28 cases in North Garo Hills, 87 cases in Ro Bhoi, 17 cases in South Garo Hills and 17 cases in South West Garo Hills. South West Khasi Hills 11, West Garo Hills 74, West Jaintia Hills 23 and West Khasi Hills
He also stressed on the development of the manufacture of ingots, wafers, cells and modules in India which will create jobs along with other benefits.
Everyone is encouraged to have a bank account.
The district authorities have said that they will take this suggestion of the JSU and will convene a meeting with the examination conductors before preparing to write the CUET examination to avoid any confusion so as not to lose students. There are thousands of students who will write examinations in the district.
Mondal said the construction of the Damsite Bridge is expected to be completed by the end of November or the first month of April
The names of the participants in the competition are Edwilbert K Nongkynrih (Men -55kg), Glikerius Buhphang (Men -55kg), Wanphrang Jyrwa (Men -60kg), u Miss Banteilang Pdahsiej (Men -67Kg In Kumite).
After the discussion, there will also be a small ceremony to honor all the former members of the JSU and also to those members who have donated blood to help their precious brothers and sisters. program.
To have a clean government, you must first avoid being bought by the power of money.
The festival has been resumed since
He said that sometimes the drivers of arshaka vehicles do not believe and act improperly even when they see people using diengduhlieh walking on the road.
He urged the farmers to take advantage of this opportunity brought by the FKJGP and how they too should take responsibility for the work they are doing. Mawrynkneng will give his full support to this good cause of the Seng and he too will give a full service according to the authority given to him and he also urged the various self help groups. They should be hardworking and honest if they want to succeed in their goals.
The meeting was attended by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of State Comingone Ymbon and MLAs including Santa Mary Shylla and Wailadkimi Shylla, Chief Executive Member of the Government of Meghalaya. JHADC, Bah Thombor Shiwat and others.
Thomas Passah, president of the Youth Wing.
In Meghalaya too, there is a demand for a Garo state in parts of the Garo Hills. This is not the first time but it has been going on for many years now and the government has taken the ways how to play it because this is also related to terrorism.
Shillong, July 31: BSF troops at Borsora on the border with Bangladesh today seized a pla and when they opened the pla they found three pistols and bullets along with military uniforms. .
The house belonged to Onisha Wahlang and Minister Lyngkhoi, while the vehicle belonged to Derik Nongphud of Umlieh.
I am confident that like the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, the Jal Jeevan Mission will also turn into a protest.
Jowai, Lber 05: After the misuse of the NREGS scheme in Myntriang Village and the promise of the Secretary of the VEC, Bah W. Lamurong, to pay more than Rs 5 lakh by June 2014, u BDO of Saipung Block has personally inspected the implementation of NREGS in this village and urged the Dorbar Shnong Myntriang to appoint a Secretary VEC and its office bearers so that the NREGS scheme can be launched. lakh in 2013-1
Shillong, July 01: The BSF has launched a special recruitment campaign for people living on the border with Bangladesh at three places, Mawpat Shillong, Khliehriat and The Garo Hills section was held in Tura.
All schools and government offices will be closed on this day.
About 31 lakh trees were planted which is the highest number of trees planted among all the groups under the Ministry of Defence.
Before the distribution of the PPEs, a short speech was delivered by the President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, Bah Mawrie. handed over to them.
Therefore, the union urges the SDSEO to take action to suspend the Assembly in schools as this could affect the health of the students.
of India as Special Guest and other Kynrem ki Lyndan in the presence of the Minister of Kur Warjri in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong, Secretary Shnong and others. Members of the Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong, Mylliem Lum.
In his speech, KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar said that the government's failure for 50 years has caused the youth to suffer.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Chief Minister said that there is a land area of ​​60,000 sqft but the delay in taking over the land is due to the high price of more than 2 crore tyngka.
This year, the ParikshaPeCharcha 2024 program will be held on the 29th July 2024, starting at 11 am at the Town Hall at Bharat Mandapam, ITPO, Pragati Maidan, New Delhi.
After this, a speech was delivered by the Chief Guest, Pa'iem Ainam Manik Syiem and followed by the participation of the people to clean up this sacred mountain, the mountain where the last ritual is performed. those who have lost their golden soul and their silver soul, when they have finished their judgment from this earth.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) NEHU Unit today met with the Pro Vice Chancellor of the University on many of the issues faced by the UG and PG students in the state.
Because no matter how skilled these foreigners are and bring victory to the state, the desire and purpose of that is to develop the youth of the Jaidbynriew in sports will not succeed.
He said that many of his friends and family members have expressed their concern that this may happen as it happens in other parts of India as so far 40 to 45 RTI applicants have been lost in the country. The whole of India.
Speaking to media, Bah Danny Langstieh, Member of the Fair Price Shop Dealers Association, said that as the distributors of ration, they cannot accept this order of the government. The ration has come from outside the state and from the place where the ration was harvested until it was delivered to Guwahati, the ration has fallen gradually from the byrni until it has been delivered to them. ration shops in this state.
The office bearers are Samla Rebalson Lynser as President, Kitborlang Kharmaw as Vice President, Lynder Kit Lynrah as General Secretary, Dabiang Diengdoh as Organizing Secretary, Bankerlang Lyngdoh as Finance Secretary and other office bearers.
Besides the border security, the BSF troops are also ready to assist the people in need.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: The SP Rajkhowa Commission (SP Rajkhowa Commission) has taken up an inquiry into the escape of Fullmoon Dhar from jail in
The union also demanded the construction of a Mawmotsah in memory of Kiangangbah inside the grounds of the college, a warehouse, to improve the quality of education in the field of computers and the shortage of staff in the office of the college. the College.
The prize money for the winners of the group shooting competition was 35,000 tyngka, while the second and third place winners received 15,000 tyngka. thousand and 5 thousand tyngka.
The Government urges all residents, village leaders and various groups to cooperate with the authorities in the ongoing crackdown on illegal coke plants and in the arrest of those involved. in illegal activities.
In the sprint race, Didakamiwan Khonglah won the first prize, Sumitra Bhattarai came second and Sanhika Umdor came third.
Bangladesh Colony is a place in Umpling where Hindu refugees live and live as refugees before the end of the Pakistani war in 1971, when the Congress Government was still in power. Why didn't the government repatriate these Rohingya refugees after the end of the war while Bangladesh is still struggling to repatriate all the Rohingya refugees to Myanmar after peace has returned even though the Rohingya don't have their own? of the Ri.
Out of these five states, only nine states have railway lines and for Sikkim, the 44 km Sivok-Rangpo line has already been allocated.
The Governor of Meghalaya has sent a message to all the people of Meghalaya on the occasion of the Republic Day. Pravin Bakshi, Commissioner and Secretary to the Governor, has sent a message to the people of Meghalaya. of Meghalaya.
He gave the example of the Ayushman Bharat PM Jan Arogya Yojna Yojnabad and said that this has turned into a way to support the poor by helping them to raise up to T 80,000 crore.
Shillong, Nailur 09: Police of East Khasi Hills District (ANTF) have received a tip that some people were smuggling Yaba Tablets from Myanmar. Lapang was arrested in the presence of witnesses.
On the other hand, the KSU has requested the MLA of Ranikor to clarify the basis of the uranium mining project because as it turns out, there is something behind the allegations of the KSU. Shillong, November 11: The religious cession of the Khyrim Hima, known as Nongkrem, has ended. Tens of thousands of people from all over the country have flocked to this place to witness this holy festival.
He said this is a great example that if the government works in a far-sighted manner, the biggest problems can be solved.
The delegation was led by KSU Ngunraw Circle President Forwardman Nongrem, KSU Finance Secretary Marconi Thongni, Rutherford Lyngdoh General Secretary KSU Mawkyrwat Circle, members of KSU Ngunraw Unit and others. others.
Shillong, Lber 14: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the government has issued an Expression of Interest to the public. to the government to purchase for the construction of factories.
Bah AL Hek, MLA Pynthorumkhrah and Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya, laid the foundation stone for the construction of the Youth Cultural Center at Mawpat. Sanjay Goyal, Deputy Commissioner, Mawpat Dorbar Shnong and residents.
In this regard, the HYC has found that the Directorate of Housing has appointed a company named Hariana Iron Works Pvt.
In anticipation of this, we have announced the establishment of the Ministry of Jal Shakti to look into this issue in which the State Governments and the Central Government will work together to develop schemes and initiatives to remove the water shortage.
A book on tourism was also launched in the presence of Chief Secretary Y Tsering, Parliamentary Secretary Bah Kennedy Khyriem and Director Tourism.
Shillong, July 10: The Lawlynnong Sports Club Mynsang on 7th July 2017 launched the Final Football Tournament in Shillong, July 10, The elders of Mawkynrew Constituency, the youth and the children.
Police said that Sujit Paul, 31, of Karimganj, Assam, was trying to smuggle the drugs to Shillong.
Justice Vaidyanathan took over from Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee who retired in November last year.
For this, 130 crore people of the country have taken oath for this and therefore, no one can stop us from reaching the highest level in all fields.
When SP News Agency tried to contact the district authorities, they could not be reached for comment.
Therefore, every citizen has the right to speak and express his or her opinion.
The Awaken India Movement (AIM) Meghalaya State Unit together with other state units from all over the country held a meeting in Hyderabad recently through the National Meeting Central Body of the Union. in India.
In a letter sent to the Chief Secretaries of these three states by the CEO of the NITI Aayog, the D.O said, “It has been decided that the Digi Dhan Melas in these states can be held. The state governments, Meghalaya, Mizoram and Nagaland can hold this celebration on any day they feel like”.
Any people who agree with the way of working can join this party.
“As the President of the Mahila Morcha, I am sorry that the word Jaintia has not been included in the State Anthem.
Police have seized a Yamaha R15 bike number ML-08-G-7323 from Ghoramara and two persons, Rex John K Sangma. of Tura and Bishal Ch Marak of Tura.
One of the rules is to fulfill the date with enthusiasm and when you fulfill the work with enthusiasm it is to protect the environment, when you have a clear mind and even if you are the owners of this place but the mind is the whole world.
If you pass only class x (SSLC) or class xii (HSSLC), you will still be considered a student.
The Seng expresses its concern and condemnation over the notice issued by the Town Vending Committee of the Municipal which mentions 12 places where vendors can sell and only those who have registered with the Town Vending Committee. Municipal cannot sit on the market.
The traders of synsar and tyrpad leaves from Khasi Hills and Ri Bhoi District who arrived at Mawiong today have faced a problem in which they cannot unload the tyrpat and synsar leaves because the traders cannot buy them anymore. The KHADC said that the TP costs T.4500/- per vehicle.
With the death of this young man on 11/9/2020, the total number of deaths in the state has risen to
Regarding the setting up of police out posts, the Meghalaya government has said that it is a place where Assam should be on the border. The Assam government cannot do what Meghalaya cannot do.
This recognition will be valid until November 30,
The CEM of KHADC said that his visit to the area to see for himself is to set a goal to open this center for training and treatment of Khasi medicine in this area. the Lum of Heaven.
He urged the youth of Meghalaya to come forward and apply for the installation of petrol pumps.
She congratulated the KSU Tyrsad for working hard to develop the Tyrsad area in the field of education so that stars will shine not only in the area. but also to lead the nation.
Therefore, the union requests the leaders to work properly so that the employment opportunities will be clean and fair and so that the education of the children of the state will not be in vain for the sake of the country. Their future, as well as those leaders who are too busy with interviews or vacant posts in various departments should be removed. don't be in the middle of a storm.
It may be recalled that these workers every year do such a charity work, that is, in the past they used to go to build houses for those poor and needy families.
In the sixth grade, Ansh Gurung of St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong scored 557 marks and received distinction in English, Mathematics, Science and Technology, Social Science, Computer Science and Hindi.
He also congratulated the school principals and teachers and urged them to work harder not only to pass but to reach the top
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander Laloo Hek, has announced that a prayer will be held by all religions on Sunday to ask the Creator to bless us. this is the COVID-19 pandemic.
As part of this public awareness campaign will start from the capital of India on the 25th of this month at the Media Center in Delhi.
The IFC will play against Lawmali Football Club in the First Division tomorrow. The Chairman of the IFC hopes that they will win the match tomorrow. choose to enter the Super Division.
The Minister said that according to the wishes of the Prime Minister of India, the banks of the Ganga River should be transformed into a place that can improve the income of the people known as the “Meaning Ganges”.
Shillong, Nailur 30: Tens of thousands of Catholics from all over the parishes of the state have gathered to witness the Shillong Archdiocese Day in Parish Laimer today. valid accusation.
NESO has appealed against the implementation of the CAA to the Supreme Court of India and today the court has heard the appeal of NESO.Shillong, June 09: Ka Synjuk ki The Rangbah Shnong of Pilangkata, Bah Besterfield Shylla and Bah BB Makdoh, Chairman of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ribhoi District, today 9th June to meet with the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Singh Syiem and also with the Syiem of Myllien Hima, Paim Ainam Manik Syiem.
The Prime Minister said that the youth are easily misled by many kinds of evils and urged everyone to work together in the fight against these problems to educate the youth. that they may be useful in the community.
Shillong, July 27: Employees of the Meghalaya Transport Corporation (MTC) today staged a protest in front of the office at Police Bazar carrying placards.
When asked why the PAC does not have this machine, it said that the government wants to have Trauma Centers at three places, Civil Hospital Shillong, Civil Hospital Tura and in Nongpoh, but until now these places have not been implemented in these government hospitals.
Shillong, Jymmang 9: Ka KHNAM has expressed its regret over the government's lack of attention to the excessive price hike of petrol and diesel which has prompted the unions of commercial vehicle drivers to strike by striking on Jan. camp tells.
The Minister congratulated the district authorities and the health department for their hard work.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: Serina Wahlang, one of the oldest mothers in Golf Link Village, has inaugurated a herbal medicine center called “Mebaai Tribal Health and Wellness Centre”. Massage" at Golf Link Shillong.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: Police have arrested an unidentified mother from Choudhury Pharmacy near Choudhury Pharmacy in Khyndialad at 10.30 pm on the 7th of this month. Hospital for treatment.
During the investigation, the four persons have confessed to the murder. The four persons who have been arrested have been taken to court and the search is underway to arrest them. others who have been accused of involvement are still being investigated.
In Shillong today, a wreath laying ceremony was held at the monument erected by the KSU at Madan Iewrynhep in Nongthymmai. in Shillong and Nongpung.
On the other hand, the Governor of Meghalaya has spoken to the father of Vikas, JS Nandwal, who is currently in Hisar, Uttar Pradesh.
When contacted by SP News Agency, the Principal of the school said that the teacher of mathematics has retired in October 2023, from June 2023 until June 2024 no teacher has been appointed. counting.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The Upper Shillong Sports Social and Cultural Association (USSS&CA) has announced that it will hold the 14th AS Khongphai Memorial Football Tournament 2024 for the Under 15 Football Tournament. day January 18, 2024.
The Block Mawsynram has many beautiful places besides the title of the highest rainfall in the world. Mawshyiap Krem, the world's longest sandstone cave, has demanded that the government should recognize and promote tourism in the area.
Regarding the election of the acting Syiem of Bhowal Hima, he said that the dorbar is stronger to appoint and remove the EC. This is wrong to sit in the EC, and to regulate the rules of procedure of the DC.
East Shillong National People’s Party DR.MAZEL AMPAREEN LYNGDOH (WINNER), 17.
The President of Hito, Bah Donbok Dkhar, urged the people to cooperate with the health department of the government and if there is only one or two doctors, the people will come forward to help them. The problem is not to talk from behind so that the government doesn't have the cooperation.
The Chief Minister said the purpose of the MoU between the Meghalaya government and TICL is to install electronic weight bridges at all the gates of the state to ensure that there will be no theft. in the export of coal abroad as well as other mineral resources.
In addition, it also helps to prevent the spread of HIV, about 3.5 times the transmission of the virus to other people is because they will be aware of its presence.
Teachers are teachers regardless of whether they teach in any school and have to listen and address the concerns of all.
In the first phase, two Hindustan aircraft will be sent to Dibrugarh to fly to Tezu, Pasighat and Ziro.
The teachers of this school expressed the many problems faced by the residents of this village.
Before the start of the dance, a prayer was conducted by Rangbah Debren Syiemlieh and concluded by Rangbah Skor.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: BSF troops in East Jaintia Hills District on the border with Bangladesh have seized counterfeit money worth T.55,0
The BSF arrested the driver of the vehicle and after investigation he identified himself as SK Tluanga, 35, resident of Madanryting Shilling.
The NCPCR Secretary Rupali Banerjee Singh and officials of the Commission were also present on the occasion. the state government.
Speaking to reporters, Bah PW Sohlang, Secretary Shnong, in the presence of Rangbah Shnong, Bah M Marbaiang and members of the Dorbar Shnong, said that the village will never allow the Khasi Hima Mawsynram. to make its ownership appear in the media.
Shillong, June 25: The Sports Cell of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has expressed its surprise after receiving information that the state government through the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs has selected seven foreigners out of 12 basketball players. He will represent the state in the National School Games to be held in Haryana.
Justice Biswadeep took up his duties as Muktiar in November 1993. Before being promoted, he served as Additional Advocate General of Meghalaya since November Chief Justice of the High Court of Meghalaya.
He expressed his satisfaction that in Mylliem, about 3500 young men and women have joined the Congress.
There are 42 recoveries today, 96194 people have tested positive for COVID-19, 94109 people have recovered, the death toll has risen to to 1613 people.
“When we look at the HITO uniforms, we don't see that they look like Police Uniforms because they don't have batches or marks on the uniforms. HITO in Section 105 of the Meghalaya Police Act 2010 is also wrong,” said the statement.
The government is now preparing to set up Special Juvenile Police Units in all districts of the state.
In connection with this incident, SDO (Civil) Amlarem, Dr. Abhishek Saini, on Tuesday held a meeting in the presence of SDPO Amalarem Sub-Division, Dr. Seiboklang Buam, Dr. SHO PS-Muktapur and BSF troops. During the meeting, the past incident was discussed and a decision was taken to make peace between the two cases.
The fine is only for trucks with National Permit. Since November, trucks who are slow to renew their permits have been fined up to T.10,000/- per day. this has put you in trouble.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: The People's Democratic Forum (PDF) has nominated Bah LG Nongsiej as its candidate for the election for the post of Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). day.
It is learned that during the meeting, the CEM presented the request of these organizations to the Committee set up specially for the construction of the road. Chairman.
Shillong, Nailar 24: Tura MP Conrad K Sangma today met with the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, KS Kropha. GNLA militants have been shot dead in East Garo Hills.
G.Momin on the grounds that this appointment was made illegally without publicly announcing the vacancy and also in violation of the appointment rules.
Sohan said they want to start this by going through the Governor and the Chairman has been authorized to start this talk with the Governor.
Syiemlieh said that if this incident is true, according to the decision of the Supreme Court of India, it is tantamount to crime.
Shillong, Naitung 10: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today left for the 35th Ranikor Constituency in Nolikata to campaign for the National People's Party (NPP) candidate Martin M Danggo. Thousands of people have attended the election campaign.
Shillong, November 21: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma today together with the Minister in charge of Urban Affairs, Bah Sniawbhlang Dhar distributed assistance to the villages to beautify the villages in the city. Shillong and Jowai City.
The SRS, Eastern Ri-Bhoi has arranged to hold a meeting of all the Rangbah Shnongs of Eastern Ri-Bhoi on the 21st July at 2 pm at Lumdaitkhla Dorbar Hall, Bhoirymbong to discuss the issue. this is the work.
There are 6 recoveries from West Garo Hills, 4 from West Garo Hills and 2 from West Jaintia Hills. 92089 people.
Through this Act, the people will be able to see the work of the government.
During the meeting, a question was raised on the non-payment of any salary to the Village Officers or VEC and AEC Officers. to spend about Rs 15 or Rs 20 crore on the maintenance of VECs or AE+Cs as part of a thorough management of the expenditure of nearly Rs 450 crore per annum.
The implementation of this Act will protect the robbers and robbers from getting shelter in the state and will enforce the law to prevent the illegal entry of illegal immigrants. laws that can enter and remain in different villages.
To make it easier to understand the language it would be better if in three or four years of study you can learn Japanese or other languages ​​because by learning the language it will be easier to get a job, it will be The challenge for India and the state to provide employment is that by learning the language it will be easier to get jobs abroad.
The theme of the competition, which will be held in the Philippines, is “Empowering Women”.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Debormi, who is currently studying MA at NEHU, expressed his happiness to have this opportunity to go abroad to film with foreign companies. , but his goal in life is to become a teacher.
BJP sources said that the talks with the party leaders in Delhi have been going on for a long time and the BJP workers in Meghalaya want the party MLAs to join the cabinet because Shillong, Naitung 26: U Bah Charles Margnar MDC of Mawhati who visited Iongkhuli village under Umling Block to protect against the attack and burning of electricity posts by the Assam police. He said that this use of force by the Assam police is the failure of the Meghalaya government.
The Government understands that the environment should not be destroyed and at the same time the income should not be affected and this has to be looked at from all sides.
The Seng has also demanded from the owners and managers of these factories to immediately increase the wages of all our fellow citizens who work there according to the price set by the Government. allow our fellow citizens to do the work that our fellow citizens have been able to do.
A total of 585 people have recovered from the disease today, while the total number of recoveries so far has risen to 39377. These are the recoveries since the beginning.
He said that the failure of his EC is on the grounds that they have increased the salaries of the employees, but during his tenure the EC has been able to pay for several months, but on the part of the CEM He has said that he will pay the salaries but until today he has not been able to pay the salaries of the employees.
The examples are numerous.
The results show that Garo won 11 seats and only 5 seats were won by Khasi?”, and the government has announced that before May 23, Garo won more because it is a retrospective but they promised to release the results. the new OM to implement the Roster prospectively.
Regarding the target of 1000 children, it is only a target and they will go to the villages and enroll children who have reached the age of 18 years.
Ram Kumar, Joint Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare in charge of HNM, is also the CEO of MSSSCA and this will be from the date of assumption of office.
In the complaint, she said that the taxi driver's face showed that he was a foreigner.
“Furthermore, EMF emissions from mobile towers, which are safe in accordance with the International Commission on Non-Ionizing Radiation Protection (ICNIRP) and as recommended by the World Health Organization (WHO), do not have any evidence. that they affect health.
Among them, Sengsang Marak, 40, Teja Sangma, 40, and Suresh Sangma, 32, were arrested. The GNLA has been arrested but the police will not forgive them but will search and arrest them.
Speaking to media, HITO Shillong City President Banpyntngenlang Syiemlieh said that the search of foreign documents is because most of the foreigners earn their living in the state. , while the indigenous people are suffering from income problems because they have been deported to foreign countries.
It is learned that the vehicle that was hit by the petrol bomb was a Thar vehicle carrying police accompanied by the Director (Personnel) of NEEPCO. noh the fire.
After the snap of St. Anthony was placed at the Bishop's House, it was moved to the Cathedral Church Laitumkhrah in a procession where the people of God were able to visit and honor to advocate for their needs. to ask and don't have in mind.
The ICAR has donated three fish farming boxes to West Jaintia Hills District , the fish farming boxes will last for up to 20 years and the price of each is T.40000/- tyngka each first started in Meghalaya.
After the meeting, the leaders of the Regional Committee visited the Zero Point of Khanduli which is still within the border of West Jaintia Hills District.
On this occasion, Bah Lyngdoh said that the government is still committed to improve the livestock industry in the state and it is on this basis that it has introduced the Livestock Mission. At present, the demand and production of meat in the state is low and he hopes that through this encouragement of the government to the livestock industry, the state will be able to meet the needs of meat.
In another incident, two drivers of a truck ML04 A-6216 were injured when their vehicle collided with a truck parked on the side of the road. in Ri Bhoi District.
On the other hand, the organization congratulates the winners of this competition.
Shillong, July 12: Shillong Lajong FC will leave Shillong for the 35th Federation Cup 2013-14 in Kerala today.
Shillong, Lber 05: The Police Department of the State Government will soon announce to invite applications for 3100 vacancies within the department after completing all the requirements according to the rules.
On the other hand, it is encouraged to conserve water in areas where there is a lack of irrigation facilities.
The prize for the teachers is a cash prize of T.50,000/- tyngka.
Shiva Thapa from Assam won the light welterweight category 60-63.5kg.
It is learned that the land owners have met with the Hima authorities.
At present, there are more than 100,000 people working in this field in India.
Sohra, Jymmang 07: The number of candidates for the MDC election in Sohra Civil Sub-Division has reached 3 on Tuesday.
In this meeting with Prestone Tynsong Deputy CM, KSU South West Khasi Hill together with KSU Ranikor Circle expressed to him that he should take action against this. BSF troops have been arrested.
According to the latest news, it is not clear whether the Medical College will belong to the Meghalaya government or will be run in the form of PPP mode.
When the party suggested to him to convene a special session, he said that if necessary, he can do so.
Shillong, Naiwieng 07: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) ShillongCity today closed down many offices and banks in Shillong from Motphran to Keating Road and also in other places including Members of the HYC Nongthymmai Circle have visited the Nongthymmai Circle.
They also thanked the HANM Khliehriath Circle and the JSM Central Body for their full support to the curfew.
The Himas which submitted their documents are Raidmynsaw, Rambrai, Nongspung, Nongkhlaw, Sohiong, Jirang, Nongpoh, Mylliem and Khyriem. documents relating to border matters.
Until today, even the Acts and Rules of many Hima and Elaka have been pending for more than 70 years. Only a few Hima have ILP and those ILP rules are not clear.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, has expressed her deep sorrow over the passing away of Dr. Andreas.
Replying to questions and comments, Rahul Gandhi said the Indian National Congress Party respects all people, all religions, all languages ​​according to the customs and traditions of the Khasi Hills. Jaintia, and we see how the RSS and the BJP have differences of opinion with the Congress on India.
U Bah Lyngdoh said that the districts which are like the country's citizens have been looked into to strengthen the existing laws so that they cannot violate the laws or regulations of the country. The old days were not the birth of the mother.
The funeral service will be held at the residence of Kong Dliss today at 1.00 pm. After the funeral service, the funeral service will be held at the cemetery. Presbyterian Church in Rymbai Village.
The Seng has also sent a statement to the Government through the BSF to complete the signboarding and to install CCTV cameras in the border areas to prevent the infiltration of foreign authorities. Bangladeshi border with India.
In rural areas where there is no or less exposure to the disease, the following shops are allowed to open not more than three times a week with strict compliance with the rules as mentioned.
We would like to remind you that this letter was distributed to the public and was also discussed at the meeting of the MITCRM held at the KSU office, Jaiaw, which was held in August/September to discuss the non-recognition of the Dorbar Shnongs by the Government of India in the amendment of the Sixth Schedule, and in the presence of the leaders and office bearers of the Union of Village Authorities of Bri Hynniewtrep (SNSBH), including the FKJGP, KSU, HNYF, JYF, and others, if you have forgotten, we will not ignore that but the most important thing is that we as a nation need to meet urgently to understand clearly about the future of traditional rule from what comes out of this letter.
“As an MLA, I want to bring about development works in the constituency, when I am in the same house, the Congress party cannot get it. MLA for the benefit of the people for what they have been demanding for many years”.
The Director General of Police, Bah Peter James Henaman, who was present at the press conference, said that there are 343 polling stations at risk on polling day. There are 375 polling stations.
The SP of West Garo Hills, Mukesh Kr Singh, said that there was no incident during the curfew called by the GNLA and the police are ready to arrest if it happens. anything that happened.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: The Grand Council of Chiefs (including the Chiefs of the Federation of Khasi States) has met at 11 am on 29th November , at the Dorbar office, Lumjingsuk, Madanryting, Shillong, to discuss the issues arising from the recent meeting with Government officials in Delhi including Shri Rahul Gandhi, MP Kharshiing said that there has been a meeting and discussion with the Government authorities in Delhi which has lasted until more than three hours to discuss the demand of the Chief Executive Members on the Instrument of Accession and the Annexed Agreement, dated 17 August 1948, which has already been accepted and approved by the Government of India. to allow the Chief Executive Members to be members of the District Council or to have their own Federal Council/Regional Council within the District Council.
On this occasion, the Chairman of KHADC, Bah LG Nongsiej, accepted the motion of no confidence in the Executive Committee and fixed the matter for discussion in the House on Friday date of this month.
Shillong, Lber 02: The Hynniewtrep People Front (HPF) has left to help a family affected by a fire in Sohriewblei village in the past few days.
Meghalaya Police have conducted a search operation at Mookyndur and seized a truck carrying RJ-10GB-1 1168.18 kilos of heroin worth T.3.5 crore were seized.
Shillong, Nailur 29: A bus of the Meghalaya Transport Corporation (MTRA) heading from Tura to Shillong collided with a truck at Ringdi River in Nongshram, East Garo Hills District at 12.00 pm. Garo Hills.
He urged all those who came to take part to take this opportunity to make this meeting a success.
KSU Central Executive Council (KSU) Publicity Secretary Pynshaiborlang Rani said that the KSU Central Executive Council (KSU) has sent a statement to the KSU Central Executive Council.
“We have postponed this date because the 3rd of November falls on Sunday,” said the Assistant Commissioner for Persons with Disabilities, Bridget Warshong.
School authorities, school and college students, youth and others who wish to be trained in this Free Demo cum Coaching Camp in martial arts judo can contact O/O DSO Tura or the office bearers of the Tura Judo Association.
Shillong, March 31: The Meghalaya Government today charged the Assistant Information Secretary of the FKJGP, Bah Regional Thabah under the Meghalaya Prevention Detention Act.
Referring to the peace and stability, the Chief Minister rejected the allegation by the opposition that the state is not in peace and stability, saying that incidents have happened in the past and now, but it has not. easier now than ever before.
The 46th Meghalaya Day was attended by many government officials from various departments of the central government as well as representatives from other countries. retired and active IPS from Meghalaya and Assam.
The meeting also unanimously rejected the Town Vending Committee set up by the State Government as it appeared in the newspapers on 10 June 2016 because it was done without consultation. talk or negotiate with the vendors in the market in accordance with the Act.
The President of the Federation of Khasi-Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP), Bah Joe Marwein, said that although the civil society groups are still looking into the laws, they have not yet rejected their demand for implementation. ILP is not available in this state.
The Empowered Group on Economic and Welfare Measures has briefed the Prime Minister on the measures such as the continuation of the PM Garib Kalyan Anna Yojana.
These studies should be further developed.
He lodged a complaint at Palasbari Police Station in Kamrup District of Assam. After this, Kalita promised to remove him as Secretary of Nongspung Hima. He informed the Commissioner Secretary, Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of Meghalaya.
Shillong, July 23 : The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh today said that the construction of the new Legislative Assembly at Mawdiangdiang, New Shillong Township will be completed within the stipulated time.
The government has now upgraded many dispensaries to CHCs and CHCs to PHCs, and has also improved many health centers across the state from urban to rural areas.
Bah AL Hek, who is also the Minister of State, said that the purpose of the Children's Park is a project for the welfare of the village for the benefit of the people and Pynthorumkhrah. Golflink.
When asked why there is a collection of tax on goods and also not to collect parking fees without proper receipts, where does this money go and why it is necessary to collect it and who has done it? send mountains.
He was a BSF personnel in Tura.
At the same time, Bah Nongsiang said that the union has submitted a proposal to the 5th Pay Commission to implement the Assured Career Progressive Scheme for the deficit teachers so that they can benefit from the deficit teachers. increase in rank because at present teachers are staying in their jobs until they retire as well.
It is to be recalled that this road has been taken over by the National Highway Authority of India and the residents of this area have vowed to protest if the government does not do anything for this road but until now it has been abandoned. road without construction.
Other speakers at the meeting included Bah J Mynsong, Chairman of Madan Umwang, Bah H Mynsong, one of the elders of Umtlih, Bah Jim Lamare, Rangbah Shnong of Khlieh Umwang and others. that rich man.
Shillong, March 08: Speaking as the chief guest at the opening ceremony of the Don Bosco Cultural Indigenous Center (DBCIC) in Mawlai today, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that details on the tribes of North East India.
At the same time, the CE of PWD said that the lack of funds and the inability to pay the contractors on time has delayed all the works.
Along with the achievements of the North Eastern Development Finance Corporation, schemes worth T.5490 crore have been approved from July 2023 to November
On the other hand, the KSU said that if the talks do not succeed and if the Assam government continues to harass the residents of Bri Hynniewtrep who live in the border areas of Block 1, the KSU will not hesitate to take others. The General Secretary of the KSU West Jaintia Hills District has said that the government should take responsibility for the incident.
Besides the Wanggala dance, there will also be a Ruga and Chugan dance.
Nongpoh, July 11: The SP of Ri Bhoi District has been transferred to the 3rd Battalion Jowai after he failed to investigate the incident of a truck colliding with a government vehicle. which belongs to an ADC of the Governor.
The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, said that one person has died of COVID-19 today and the name of Timish B Marak, 65 years old, has died. The death toll from the disease has risen to 102 in Dobasipara, Tura.
He gave an example of how many of the peace accords between the NE groups came after bloodshed which showed that India should create more special channels of dialogue to listen to the concerns of the people. He also expressed the problems between the NAGA, BODO, MIZO, TRIPURI, GARO, and the rights of the KHASI through the IOA. that the delay of India in implementing the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement (17 August 1948) has caused many problems until the uniqueness of the Federation of Khasi States including the Himas. The Khasi States have not been included in the Constitution of India to this day.
“The JAC will hold a meeting on the 9th of this month to decide how to proceed with the protests and to discuss whether it is necessary to appeal to the Meghalaya High Court against the Vice Chancellor of Meghalaya. NEHU,” he said.
On the other hand, Bah Banshai stood up to speak and explain clearly on the issues that are responsible for the Fundamental Rights, Directive Principles and Fundamental Duties of the Constitution of the People's Republic of China. India.
Bah Tynsong said that the train and airplane fares have to be paid by themselves and the government cannot pay for them.
The NESO leader said that is this because the people of the North East of India have been demanding protection from foreign and domestic invasions since the time of India. you have received your freedom.
(Dr) Albert Dkhar expressed the concerns of the students against the order issued by the College.
The union would like to congratulate the police from Jowai PS and Raliang PO who were quick to arrest the Assam Police on that day and urges them to be vigilant to prevent such incidents before they happen. occur.
The closure will apply to all three MDC constituencies for the mid-term elections on November 13, namely 8 Nongkrem, 15 Laban-Mawprem and 22 Nongspung-Sohiong. .
Besides this number, for Tura, you can call this number r mobiles, 9856822988, for Shillong, this mobile number 9863082268 and for Jowai you can call ha une number
: The first competition was organized by the Jaintia Students Union (JSU) known as Mr.7Wasa.
According to the petition submitted to the CEO of the Municipal signed by the Vice President Bah Francis G. Mawlong, the union said that these drugs happen even in the morning and the union has arrested persons who were taking drugs in this area on the day of the inspection.
The Minister said that the government is committed to bringing about a governance that can provide services to the people. see the implementation of the Jal Jeevan Mission Scheme.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the employees of the area said that the purpose of installing these trees is to prevent people who come by vehicle from entering the lower parts of the country which have not yet been used. although parking lots have been built for vehicles that go to drink alcohol.
“We welcome suggestions and and briefings from a variety of groups.
The total number of deaths in the state has risen to 64 so far.
Shillong, July 18: A total of 650 people have been tested positive for COVID-19 in the state today, bringing the total number of cases in the state to
During his two-day visit to Meghalaya, the purpose of the meeting was to meet and understand how far the preparations for the election have progressed.
Shillong, July 08: The Cabinet meeting today decided to extend the term of office of the GHADC for six months and the two Houses of Parliament, KHADC and JHADC. to 15 days.
Furthermore, Shem also explained that the Khasi are the inhabitants of Assam.
Call the AVBP and HYC members at the Police Station and check the mobile phones of those who telephoned those robbers to come to the school,” she said.
Shillong, Naitung 06: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today announced that 457 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in Ri Bhoi District. now 4305 people.
Shillong, Nailur 16: The Committee on Women Empowerment today called a meeting with the two Superintendents of Police on the delay in the investigation and arrest of those involved in rape. Two children, one in West Garo Hills District and one in Ri Bhoi District.
The union also requested the Minister to support the government's plan to develop a mobile application for the farmers.
In the past, when the Khasi went to plant the rice, no one stopped them but when it was time to harvest the rice, the Karbi mob shot with jri and khnam at the Khasi farmers.
Many political party leaders from ethnic groups came to meet and greet him.
There is no One Way traffic, there is also a political need for a strong and clean khadar governance to close all the loopholes in the Government revenue collection areas.
Besides this, the bike riding exhibition was also showcased by the skills of dogs and horses.
The KSU urges all those poiei under the umbrella of the CWC to hold their hands so that they do not get injured because the KSU will not sit idly by and listen to the complaints of these poiei. “The KSU feels that if those CWC officials feel too tired in Meghalaya, they should immediately return to their hometowns, Bangladesh and do whatever pleases you in your own land.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with the Minister of Education, MSSASA, Bah Aristotle Rymbai, President of MSSASA, said that the government has promised to pay two months salary from the Minister of Education. the State Government and the remaining three months will be paid immediately by the Central Government.
“The government should not hold more meetings to discuss border issues at the Secretariat or at street houses to drink and eat just to mislead the people.
It is to be recalled that Bah Kitbor W.Nongrum is one of the most prominent Khasi writers who has published more than 70 books on various subjects.
Shillong Lajong FC will play against Neroca FC along with Chennai City, Indian Arrows, Minerva Punjab, Mohun Bagan, Aizawl FC and East Bengal FC. at Mobile Centre, Police Bazaar, Sports Spirit, Muda Complex and AL's Seat Cover, Mawlai Nongpdeng.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The Superintending Engineer (PHE), Electrical Circle, Shillong, on Tuesday informed the public that on the first day of the 21st of this month, they will not be able to distribute water due to some works. improve the 7.5MGD pump ring water.
This approach, as the world's third largest oil consumer, has ensured affordable electricity to the people and has also stabilized the world oil markets.
Shillong, Naiwieng 07: Little Flower Secondary School, Meghalaya, has celebrated its 50th anniversary today.
The BSF arrested Sumiron while he was driving a bike number ML-12-0529 while he was leaving Patkura Market for Gumaghat.
The House has passed it and now it has become law.
In his welcoming remarks, Surjit Bhujabal, Member (Customs), said, “The launch of the EDI system now marks an important step towards improving efficiency and ease of work in the country. it did not trade in the countryside of the north.
According to the Official Data, most of the ASHA workers have received salaries ranging from T.23,000 to T.82,000 in the six months from 1st June to 30th November 2023 according to the date of payment. that Bank Account.
In the Art stream, the college has sent three students and all three of them have passed the examination. Emunsing L Mawnai and Awarika Marnger passed the examination in the third grade. Emunsing L Mawnai and Awarika Marnger passed in the third grade.
Two lakh households in Meghalaya have already been supplied with water and the government has set a target to supply piped water to all wells in Meghalaya by November mothers and children from walking for many hours to fetch water.
The youths who performed were Lasukbiang Kurbah and the group, Anisabet L Nongum, Balasiewdor Ryntathiang, Arethelbakor Nongrang and Anbelnes L Nongum.
Shillong, Nailur 01: The Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSSASA) has announced to hold a strike on the Teachers' Day on the 3rd of this month. urge all SSA teachers not to take part in this strike.
The Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, said that as the Chairman of the HLC, he has just submitted a report to the Government. and after that the report shall be made public.
The Congress party has sent a letter of resignation to the Working President of the party, Bah James Lyngdoh.
The Prime Minister launched Startup India in
Before cleaning the Umkhrah River, the members of the Green Tech Foundation (GTF) have applied chemicals to prevent any pollution from the wastewater.
Through the NRC, it is understood that the people of Assam have been in a state of shock and anxiety in which they have to find ways and means how to get back to peace in Assam. places in other regions where they can live in peace without being recognized or persecuted.
In the men's category, Jharkhand came second and Rajasthan came third.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: Meghalaya Police on Friday night received a tip that a tourist taxi was heading from Guwahati to Shillong. they are drug dealers.
The election committee for the MP election was also written at the CEC meeting with Dr Donkupar Roy, president of the party as chairman.
The 3rd North East Youth Festival 2012 has been organized by the Office of the Zonal Director of NYKS, Meghalaya Zone. and to participate only in competitions.
At present, they will implement this project and will decide later what to do in the future for the residents of this area.
The program was held at a school in Mawtnum, Ri-Bhoi District. The training on self-employment and standing on one's own feet was held at the Entrepreneurship Development Programme. The training was held at the Rural Self-Employment Training Institute, Umran in the presence of Bah Heasting Lyngdoh, owner of HL Candle Megha Brand who is also a prominent entrepreneur. I'm from this institute.
Nongpoh, July 20: The Union of Elders (URA) has formed a new Community and Rural Development Block in Ri-Bhoi Constituency to implement the wish of many churches in Ri-Bhoi Constituency. Shnong, Eastern Ri-Bhoi to consider this issue for the development works in the area.
Police are conducting a search operation for the kidnappers.
Furthermore, Prime Minister Duh has met face to face with the beneficiaries of the Viksit Bharat SankalpYatra twice (November 17 and 18) during his visit to Varanasi last month.
Kong Saioo also encouraged and encouraged three other fellow farmers, who have been able to build their own houses through the planting and cultivation of Lakadong ushynrai.
The meeting was also attended by MSOA Working President John F Kharshiing and Sports Adviser Lanu Ignatius.
After completing the training, she worked at Rani Motors for about six months and has been working with Frank Yamaha for three years.
Shillong, Naitung 6: Answering a question by Carnes Sohshang, EM in charge of Development Works within the KHADC, he said that the assistance to schools from the District Council will be depending on the availability of funds.
Shillong, Iaiong 13: The 10th Annual Shad Suk Mynsiem, organized by the Khasi Seng Kmie Mawkhar, started today and will end on the 15th of this month.
Bah Adekbert congratulated the people who have given him this opportunity to serve the people of the constituency and the state. Speaking on the distribution of equipment to the villages, he said, “I will fulfill the need, not the wish” in these years. He said that he has struggled to provide for the needs of the villages.
The government provides the facilities in terms of communication – but it is up to each of us to use the internet in the right way: to gather information, create opportunities and improve education.
Police took the injured to Sohiong CHC and later to Shillong Civil Hospital.
The awards ceremony will begin in 2013.
On the other hand, the Spokesperson to the Government, Dr Lapang, said that this work is a service to God because their work is with the poor and needy in the rural areas especially with the people who still lacking in knowledge.
At the time of his departure from the house, he was said to be wearing a blue jacket, a blue patlum and a blue sinker.
Shillong, Nailar 11: Police today arrested a man suspected of involvement in the bomb blast in Laitumkhrah on 10/08/2 Police of East Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, July 9: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that although there is a curfew across the state to prevent the spread of COVID-1 It has empowered the Deputy Commissioners to take decisions according to the situation in the Districts under their jurisdiction.
The Dorbar will present the Report of the Seng, the discussion to strengthen the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi Language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India and the discussion among the authors for the improvement of the Khasi Language. kamthohkot Through this announcement, KAS requests all writers who are members of the Seng to attend this Dorbar, including members from various parts of the country. Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has said that the Shillong Municipal Board, the Shillong Cantonment Board and the Defense Estate Officer have been unable to take action. ) today visited the illegal residential areas of the people at Lum Survey and told them to stay there.
In an interview with the Vice Principal, he said that there is still another course which does not have enough equipment to be used in the training. The people who have to bring these items have to be quarantined in each state until they arrive.
The Minister said that the power plant is divided into three phases, Stage-1 will be commissioned in April and Stage-1 will be commissioned in April. two more will be completed in the coming months.
The Governor of Meghalaya has been in Delhi for several days now, although the statement did not mention the talks between the Governor and the Prime Minister of India but it is understood that they have talked. in relation to the state in many respects.
He also directed them to provide an assessment of the damage to houses and farmland as soon as possible so that the government can provide assistance to those affected by the damage. environment.
The Meghalaya Football Team exhibited exceptional prowess in the league matches.
Celebration of Bamboo Culture of North East India 2016 sponsored by Indira Gandhi National Center for the Arts, New Delhi; CMS Gayle Memorial Award since 2018 for the best in Thohdur and Thohkot Thohsla.
Shillong, Naitung 28: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Malki Circle has organized the Mait Shaphrang Award 2019 at Malki Circle. on the 27th of May
The Government of Meghalaya has already expressed the need to amend the Sixth Schedule,” he added.
Shillong, Lber 02: The National People's Party (NPP) has won 12 constituencies, 10 UDP, 4 INC and 3 Independent constituencies in the JHADC.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Phasmon Dkhar, MDC, said that as one of the youth, as an MDC he understands well the youth and the problems they face and he always thinks how to to find ways and means to shape them to become the stars of the country and the nation in any field.
March 3: The Passing Out Parade of the SF-10 Commandos will be held at Mawiong on the 3rd of this month at 11.30 am. .
The highest amount of money was received by NEEPCO with T.364 crore, followed by T.28.39 crore and NTPC. T.24.65 crore and the National Hydro Power Corporation T.21.23 crore, he said.
Nikman said that all the civil society organizations from Garo Hills have come to take part in the expression of their demand for Garoland in accordance with the Constitution of the country. India.
"“Another statement to the VHP on the claim that it looks after all Indian citizens, but the surprising thing is that the VHP looks after those mynder foreigners who have obtained their documents through They don't steal and don't care about us the indigenous people of this place.
Shillong, Nailar 03: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today confirmed that 9 people have died of COVID-19 positive out of which 8 have not been vaccinated.
The Aadhaar rule has also ensured that government assistance goes directly to bank accounts.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, the Minister expressed his pleasure to take part in the AJMW&LU's honour.
In the next match, Shillong will face Fujian Outshion FC of China at 7 pm Indian time.
Marak contested the MLA election in 2013 but lost and after that because of his knowledge he was invited to the rebel party.
It would be better for the former Governor to do his homework on the history of the indigenous people in Meghalaya and the North East and it would be better for him to do something about the displacement of villages. Bodo who belonged to his tribe in Assam before he invaded Meghalaya.
Williamnagar, Naitung 28: Police this morning, after receiving a tip that six or seven suspects were in Rongchekgre and Chambugong villages, went to Rongchekgre and Chambugong villages. Police have arrested four persons and others have fled the scene.
The land that was found is privately owned.
This was stated by Epsiroy K. Dewsaw, President KSU Kensimphlang Unit.
Besides, 5,86,841 people have used the India Post Payment Bank, 5,86,841 employees with Aadhar signs have already registered and the money has been transferred up to T.73.67 crore, said the head of the post office in charge of the North East.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (HYC) has launched a leaflet entitled "The Citizenship (Amendment) Bill, 28.05.18 and started distributing them from the Secretariat gate, government offices like DC Office, MPSC Building, Chief Engineer PWD, District Council Office and others. other places on this day.
Reconciliation of disputes at reasonable cost.
According to Article 19.
On the other hand, the party is hopeful that it will win from this place.
She emphasized on promoting physical structures and eating a good diet.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to
Almost 100 percent of the residents along this road are farmers. The most prominent crops are syieng, synsar and kba, the nearest market for the farmers. The area is Umsning Market which falls under Ri Bhoi District.
The works related to the election in Meghalaya should be completed on
He spoke specifically about the plans for the Library, which will lead the group in the history of India in this era, as well as for the opening of the PradhanmanrtiSangrahalaya in June this year. not finished.
In the Science Stream, 3,766 students passed in the first division, 1,295 students in the second division, 1,597 students in the third division.
After taking this decision, the Ministry of Road Construction has been directed to formulate rules in this regard, according to a statement from the PIB.Shillong, Iaiong 26: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Jaiaw Circle in collaboration with the office of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Jaiaw Circle, in collaboration with the office of the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Synod, Urban Mission, will hold a public march on the 28th April against the spread of drugs, which has spread rapidly to destroy the lives of young people.
The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Titos Chyne, said that after receiving a letter from the Department of Transport written through the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, the KHADC has requested for the NOC. council in relation to the railway line in Byrnihat.
Other speakers who were present included Bah Pynshngainlang N Syiem, MLA & MDC, Chief Executive Member, KHADC, Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MIDC; Spokesperson, Bah Harlinjai Skhemlon, Secretary, Secretary, Ryngkatdor Malai Syiem, Bah Lossanstar Jithod, Bah Lossanstar Jithod, Bah JS Chyrngap, Bah JS Chyrngap, Bah J.S. , Sirdar of Synnei Hima, Dr KK Marbaniang, Minister of Mawsynram Hima, many Ministers and Rangbah Shnongs of Mawsynram area.
We hope that the leaders of the state will take action to promise on this day that they will stand firm on these grounds to fight like Syiem Tirot Singh without ceasing.
The organization sends its best wishes to all the staff in the office, especially that you will be able to provide adequate services to the entire Area II.
These are just a few examples but many of the government schools in the rural areas are often neglected in this way.
Regarding the border issues with Assam, many people say that this government has not done anything, the question is what has it done in the past 48 years, this government has taken decisions that others have not done. I don't want to take a decision, but this government listens to the voice of the people.
Arunachal Pradesh Chief Minister Pema Khandu in his speech said that the time has come for investors to come and invest in the North East to develop agriculture.
In West Khasi Hills District 6, Ri Bhoi District 85, West Jaintia Hills District 15, East Jaintia Hills District 6, West Garo Hills District 65, South West Garo Hills District 2, South Garo Hills District 2 and North Garo Hills District .
Shillong, June 28: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) has expressed its deep sorrow over the passing away of Bah Trueman Rngaid. Bah Trueman Rngaid is an intelligent patriot, a fighter, an empowerer of the youth, a writer and a myllung of the nation.
Police have found the body of Bah Banshandor Syiem, who was lying on the road at Mawlai Iewrynghep, GS Road, Shillong. He was taken to the Civil Hospital for treatment but died on the spot. cause of injury.
After abducting the kidnappers, they phoned the family members to demand a high price for the release of the kidnapped.
He said that if there is any shortcoming, the writers can file a complaint to correct their answer even after receiving the result. If they are still worried, they can file an application to the office. DERT also to organize and clarify.
The exhibition showcases the Indian independence struggle through a display of paintings.
At this meeting, which was attended by civil society organizations and one road, they condemned the incident and the people who took advantage to damage vehicles and shops.
He said that the festival will showcase the talents and culture of Meghalaya.
The award was received by the Commissioner Secretary, Finance and Planning, Dr. Vijay Kumar and the Union Minister in charge of Commerce and Industry, Piyush Goyal at a function held in New Delhi.
The post of Governor is a post in accordance with the Constitution of India and when such allegations arise it is a shame, the party does not want to see such incidents happen from this. The Central Government will send a team of inquiry to investigate to find out the facts.
Replying to a supplementary question by the Umroi MLA , the Chief Minister , Prestone , who is in charge of the Ministry of Agriculture , said that the government is ready to assist those who have been affected in this conflict the shniang.
Officials from the Cooperation Department and Fertilizers Department also attended the meeting.
In the afternoon, the Chairman of the Elders Committee of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Shillong, Rgh Skor Jala, gave the thanksgiving ceremony. Rgh Donbokstar Kurkalang in the presence of leaders of the Seng Khasi Mawlai including Rgh DL Nongbri, General Secretary Rgh Phira Warnongbri and MLA Mawlai Constituency Bah Process T. Sawkmie.
When asked whether the District Administration will appoint a team of inquiry into the incident on Friday night, the Deputy Commissioner said that this too will be discussed briefly at the meeting. The Superintendent of Police to discuss whether there is a need to appoint a team of inquiry or to seek a report from the police.
Dalbit CH Sangma, a former member of the ANVC(B), said that he came to surrender this morning.
He said that the people of Mawlai Constituency are turning to the BJP for development as promised by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi and he expects the people to welcome the BJP. Shillong, November 11: In today's society, the cleanliness of the village is one of the most important issues of every village.
Police suspect that the child was raped by the robbers before she was killed.
SI for the benefit of the people of Meghalaya especially in getting accurate information on the culture and identity of the particular ethnic groups in the world and in set out to promote and protect human rights.
Shillong, November 18: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today laid a wreath at the statue of Babu Soso Tham in front of the State Central Library Shillong to commemorate the 83rd birth anniversary of Babu Soso Tham. the greatest writer of the Khasi people.
The group will continue to protest for now.
The Managing Director of MCCL, Mrs WAM Booth, the Chief General Manager of MCCL Bah K Lyngdoh and other officers of the factory took part in the meeting to explain the problems of the factory to the members of the Committee.
In the technical session, AK Paul, Assistant Commissioner, GST Shillong, said that the Goods and Services Tax (GST) in Meghalaya in the last six months has been successful.
In this regard, the Government of Meghalaya has urged all those who have been treated or taken medicine at GMC Medical College and Dr B Bruah Cancer Institute Guwahati from 23rd June 2020 to inform the Government at the government will be able to do what it needs to do.
The event was led by the Chief Minister of KSU Nongstoin Circle, Samla Johnfisher Nongsiang, Finance Secretary Samla Wanbhakupar, Vice President of KSU Nongstoin Circle and Samla Wanbhakupar. The meeting was attended by the KSU San Village Area Unit in the presence of the Secretary Sohpian Village.
“To be successful in life, choose the job you don't want to do, when you choose to reach the goal, work hard with determination, rules the world and thought rules human life,” said Marianus.
Shillong, July 29: The Ri Khasi Hills District is home to 30 species of animals and this has shown that today people from the Ri Khasi area have caught another animal which they did not know. I have never seen it before because it doesn't have a beak like other animals and its hands are like human hands.
According to the complaint, Amanda informed the police that she received the news of the death of her brother between 8.45 pm and 9:00 pm on Tuesday. Steffanie's wife on the incident.
Therefore, it is not fair to compare with other successful initiatives in the past years, as the Riti Academy together with the State Government has had a well-developed preparation system. for several years to associate with the Indian High Commission in Dhaka.
He said that the main demands of the union together with the farmers are to declare 2019 as the Year of the Farmer, to introduce the Farmer Commission, to pass a law. The Agriculture Produce and Livestock Marketing Promotion and Facilitation Act, 2017 is a law for the market.
The first is from God because the mercy that comes from the throne of God's mercy is truly the only one, the Source, the Thymei and the Umpohliew of mercy that does not do anything and therefore we know that it is the Power in you and me, that faith and works must go together.
Bah Min Lamare, Rangbah Shnong of Kuliang Village, said that the Lukha River, which is used by dozens of villages, is no longer willing to use the water from the Lukha River. The star cement will not take up more space.
By focusing and promoting one product per district, this initiative brings about social and income development in the areas where special clusters and communities have built their own special situation.
The book was published by the Publications Division of the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting as part of the Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the Chief Minister, Bah Sangriang, he said that the JAC urges the government to build this road for the sake of employment. The people of this area are still lagging behind in many ways.
Police are conducting investigation to find out the truth, police said.
Ningthouja Lancha from Manipur has been elected as the President and Robertjune Kharjahrin from Meghalaya will be the Secretary General of NEFIP. Nickman Ch Marak was elected as Vice President and Bandari Ryntathiang as Secretary Finance.
The irresponsible government should think first to protect the indigenous people and not to arrest the mynder.
According to the preparations for MHIS III, the number of households eligible for MHIS III will be 762316, while the government has to decide when to start implementing MHIS III. At the same time, in the implementation of MHIS in the past years, there have been many problems in the registration of people, problems faced by the employees. They are in terms of the authorities, there are shortcomings here and there and also from the involvement of the Rangbah Shnong and many other issues that the government wants to address.
To the grace of God is life and salvation to many; for without mercy how can you love and help those in need, when they are hungry how can you have mercy if you do not give food.
The finalists out of the 16 teams were 11 Star Wahlyngdoh and Young Star Nongryngkoh.
The JAC Chairman congratulated the MDA government for implementing the demands of the people of the area. It is through the hard work of the government that it has been able to implement this demand since
The union will consider this issue and urges the leaders to take action on this issue to improve the road which has been deteriorated due to deterioration.
The seven MLAs who have agreed to form the UPF under the MDA government are Banteidor Lyngdoh, Hamletson Dohling, G.Mylliemngap, Jeson L Mawlong from the PDF, Bah Lambor Malangniang Ind and Saleng A Sangma of the NCP. According to the claim of these seven MLAs, they do not have a leader to be the Chairman of the UPF. Lyngdoh and other MLAs after submitting a letter to the Joint Secretary of the Legislative Assembly.
Speaking to SP News Agency, he said, “I have received a letter that the Congress has withdrawn its support from the PDF. will take a decision on Monday".
The decision to join the NFNS is to stand together and demand the support of each other to convey the strength of the leaders in Parliament.
More than Rs 80 crore has been allocated under the PMS to conduct trade fairs/exhibitions/awareness programmes/seminars across the country through State Governments/Industrial Groups/Social Enterprises for more than 350 programmes.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the DC, the President of the Seng Khasi Sengkmie, Bah A Rynjah, said, “The Seng Khasi Sengkmie has decided to hold a dorbar bah at Madan Shad Weiking Jaiaw on 20th July to speak on the protest of the people of Madan Iing Syiem village to burn the body of the Khasi leader on the 11th of this month.
The Chief Minister said that the training centers should not only be training centers for students to higher levels but should also be centers that work with the government to develop them. problem and education will help government.
During the meeting, the Chief Minister said to the Prime Minister of India that what has been allocated for the state should be implemented because the states of the North East have India is small because what they produce cannot be supplemented by the implementation of development schemes.
During the meeting, the Deputy Commissioner decided to take action on this issue and in order to avoid any inconvenience to the students, as mentioned and indicated by the union, the shops selling books will be allowed to open during the day or odd. and even as it was done in the shops last year during the lockdown.
The Chief Secretary of the State today said that all the Deputy Commissioners have to fix the opening hours and pork in relation to their work.
Shillong, March 29: The people of three constituencies, 13-Mawryngkneng, 24-Mawphlang and 47-Rajabala will cast their votes tomorrow morning to elect new MLAs to the House. the state legislature.
NEIGRIHMS, Diengiong, Mawkasiang, Tynring, Mawpdang, Siejiong and other villages have expressed their concern over the power outages and light outages in the entire New Shillong area. daily.
Regarding those who lost their lives due to electric shock, the government has decided to increase the compensation from T.1,00,000/- to T. lakh rupees.
A proper inquiry should be conducted to reveal the reason for this result,” said the AVBP. The AVBP leaders also raised five questions and demanded that the Education Department should answer.
The fourth regional workshop is scheduled to be held in June
Acknowledging the opportunities that this center can open, the Minister said, “We have very few high altitude training centers in India – one in Shilaroo near Shimla, one here in Shillong.
At the same time, it is important in terms of security for the country as it is on the border with Bangladesh.
There are 102 recoveries today, 379 cases are still in critical condition and 29 cases are undergoing treatment in hospitals.
The driver of the vehicle died at the Civil Hospital Shillong after receiving treatment.
When the BSF saw the arrival of Khar Bangladeshis in India, the BSF personnel in the area were very alert and when they tried to arrest the Khar Bangladeshis, they fled. Two gold biscuits have been seized by the BSF. Two gold biscuits have been seized from the same place. The BSF has started to understand that the smugglers of Masi Na. Meghalaya to Bangladesh export cows and goats.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The President of the Khasi Jaintia National Union (KJNU) on Tuesday said that the central government should have given away the Khasi Land or the Khasi State. Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club today.
On the part of the farmers, they cannot accept any proposal but they want development.
He said that 58 students have come to be trained at this center and only 11 of them have passed their examination in
At the meeting, it was also announced that the government has already allocated 54 posts in the police service to strengthen the presence of police in the new district which was opened on the 10th. Beyond 2021.
Shillong, Nailur 01: U Bah Synshar Khymdeit today came to clarify that, the name belongs to him but I am not the one who demanded money as reported, in these days when the name of u .
To tell the truth, he is still a member of the HSPDP, but he had to support the PDF EC led by Bah PN Syiem on the grounds that the CEM has been standing until today. He is still a member of the HSPDP because he has not received a letter.
Shillong, July 30: Following many complaints from the people of the area regarding the irregularities of government employees in fulfilling their duties, the KSU Mawkyrwat Circle has strongly warned against government employees especially government officers. of various departments within the District Headquarters who take the opportunity to come to work only three times a day.
The ceremony started at the top of the market where the children of the Hima especially from the Kur San Kpoh and Khatwei Kpoh of the Raid Mylliem, in the presence of Pa'im Ricky Nelson Syiem. and he was with the nobles of the kingdom.
The distribution of 35 kilos of rice started in June
Shillong, July 09: Ibahun Basanshrieh, resident of Mawlai, Syllaikariah, passed away on 8th July
Those who have Car-pass should wear stickers especially the vehicles of Fathers and Sisters and all vehicles attending church are requested to wear white flags to make it easier for the Volunteers to drive their vehicles. This was announced by the Media In-Charge of the Diocese of Jowai, Fr.
The government departments that attended the meeting included the Rural Development Department, the Health Department, the Police and other government departments.
Yes, prepare yourself, when bringing to the public the films and filmmakers that the panel of judges found deserving not only of our commemoration, recognition and praise.
The CEM said that this bill will protect against the robbery of the family members if it is a deceased family. there is a law that protects them too.
One of the reasons given in the resignation letter by these two Congress MDCs is that due to the political changes within the KHADC and the allegation by the EC that there has been such a resignation. The Council's money has not been wrong and this has also led to their resignation.
Marak, Director of School Education and Literacy (DSEL) has called for talks with the leaders of the union and said that the Government has not held hands in relation to their demands.
Shillong, July 03: As part of the celebration of Environment Day 2023, the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) in collaboration with several Dorbar Shnongs in Shillong has conducted a training for the public to clean the rivers.
Mitelda, who is over 100 years old, will be buried on the 25th November 2018 at 2 pm from her residence at the Marbisu Catholic Cemetery.
He said that the implementation of the Meghalaya Building Bye Law in the rural areas will help in the event of any natural disaster.
The meeting also decided to appoint 12 government ministers, 8 from the NPP, 2 from the UDP, 1 from the HSPDP and 1 from the BJP. Four ministers are from Garo Hills and eight from Khasi Hills.
Also present on the occasion were Shakil P. Ahammed, Additional Chief Secretary, Sampath Kumar, Principal Secretary, Social Welfare Department, Bah IW Ingty, Secretary, Social Welfare Department, Government of Meghalaya and Idashisha Nongrang, Director General. Meghalaya Police and other village officials.
Speaking to reporters, Ranjan Daimary said, “I am now out and I hope to take part in the peace talks”.
The union received information about this from the residents of Mawiongrim village after Adsan Mahindra released an advertisement on social media and other media stating that Adsan Mahindra is located in Mawiongrim village. Front.
Because social media platforms are very popular, this policy also regulates how the CBC can make announcements on behalf of the Government on these platforms.
His team were more aggressive in the second half, with Andyson Lapang missing out twice, first with Sawmer keeper Pyrshang Dkhar pushing a shot on target away and then a long-range effort scooted just over the bar.
The scheme has been successful in Meghalaya where 4,36,788 lakh households have been registered and 15,57,008 people have benefited. to 201 hospitals across India.
Other speakers at the meeting were Dr Haen Doley Regional Director, Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, in his speech on how to prevent alcoholism. which is still small.
He also taught us how to respect time and take responsibility for our work.
"“The people are tired and excited, they are ready to vote, because even the candidates they win cannot bring about the change that the majority of the people want and expect,” he said. “My goal is to bring about a transparent work without hiding from the people or going beyond the villages where I will cooperate with the organizations or groups that have with the same goal of increasing income and economic development in the community.
The 10th International Tourism Mart (ITM) for the North East was held from 17-19 November 2022 at Aizawl, Mizoram in collaboration with the Government of Mizoram.
Referring to the current state of peace and order in the state, the police have been able to curb the crimes, but what remains now is the rise of the GNLA. where the government is seriously concerned.
As part of this nationwide campaign, a special IEC vehicle, through multimedia, provided information to the people about various programmes, schemes and initiatives of the Government of India to improve the lives of people in Meghalaya.
Noting that in some States and UTs, the testing capacity, the use of testing centres, especially those run by the private sector is currently very low, the States/UTs are advised to take all measures to ensure the full use of all COVID-19 testing centers in the State/UT. private caregivers, to recommend COVID test to any person by meeting the requirements for testing according to the ICMR guidelines. to test any person according to the guidelines of the ICMR and the relevant authorities in the State should not prevent people from being tested, as early testing will help to curb the spread of the disease and will release lives.
Gurjit Singh said that the Meghalaya government's refusal to take action based on the report of the High Level Committee to provide accommodation to those in the area is a violation of many allegations. Secretary of the HPC in a statement sent to the media and sent a letter to the Governor, Chief Minister and also to the Central Government authorities as well as to the Syiem of Mylliem Hima.
The Deputy Commissioner, while handing over the cheuqe to the landowners, said that the land being taken for the construction of the airport is 58 acres.
Speaking to reporters after the opening of the KHADC, he said that the UDP and HSPDP have joined hands against the Congress party. Shylla said that the people have now understood the nature of the two political parties, the HSPDP and the CEM. The UDP, because today it appeared in the House that all three parties have worked together.
This will apply to all those who have entered Meghalaya, but those who have already tested positive if the test is within 72 hours will be released without further testing.
They were welcomed by the Congress candidate HM Shangpliang.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Samlin Malngniang, Minister in charge of Water Resources and Water Resources, said that the party supports Clement G Momin, NPP candidate and the people should vote for NPP candidate Clement G. Momin. Momin said it is important in this election that even a single step will bring about a big change, he urged all the party workers to work hard in the remaining days to win the election. NPP party and it will be an honor to defeat the Congress candidate.
The remaining areas of the state will be completed in the coming days.
Police recovered an AK-riffle with UBGL-3, an AK-rifle with drum magazine and 4 bipots, two UBGL Grenade cells and seven rifles. can be used in a variety of ways.
The government should have the responsibility to explain the truth to the people and not to mislead them as it has appeared on social media, said Dr Mukul Sangma, Leader of the Opposition.
All these posts should be called for interview according to the rules of law, not to be backdoor seats for leaders to win elections.
There are 4 total Charged and Voted Grants, 06 Charged Appropriation and 56 Voted Grants.
SSMP President Samuel Biam said that this is the first meeting since the formation of the committee and the purpose of the meeting is to discuss how to expedite the search for a garbage dump site. don't be afraid of Bio Medical Waste.
Shillong, March 15: The AJYWO Central Body has urged the Dorbar Shnongs of Jaintia Hills District to be vigilant in issuing Residential Certificates so that such certificates do not reach the Dorbar Shnongs of Jaintia Hills. the hands of those who don’t really deserve it.
The question was also asked what the meter reader does when he goes to pay the bill light every month. a commission of inquiry should be appointed.
Helen Giri from Meghalaya has received the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award for 2023 for her contribution to the traditional music of Meghalaya.
This word mang tyngka is widely used and widely understood.
Shillong, March 05: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has been in short supply of funds for six months. salary due to lack of funds.
During the meeting, the Union Minister said that the Government under the leadership of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has set a priority to look after the North East. India, in order to bring other parts of India closer to the North East.
It is for this reason that the Avenues has decided to accept only those who came first and those who did not come from those who came to register will be admitted.
The HYC has made a change behind the request, suggestion, request and proposal of congratulations of the National Highway and Infrastructure Development Corporation Limited (NHIDCL) under the management of MORT. Ricky Sohshang, President of HANC and Chairman of JAC on Two Lane, said that the KHADC should not issue NOC for this road.
He urged the state government and the district authorities to look into this so that it will not cause any tragic incident to the people and if more than 10 tonnes of vehicles are allowed to pass, the district authorities should immediately remove the vehicle. The writing prohibits the carrying of more than 10 tonnes as it may cause confusion or misunderstanding to the residents of the area as trucks carrying more than 10 to 40 tonnes pass every day.
After the meeting, these Himas sent a letter to the District Council requesting them not to accept the soskular signed between Meghalaya and Assam regarding the border demarcation. The Committee has convened this meeting to discuss face to face.
“We hope that the people of Hynniewtrep will respect Bah Manbhalang Jyrwa as a fellow human being,” he said.
“Therefore, there will be a huge reduction in the number of textbooks to be used.
These three relationships have brought benefits in all their work, he said.
Answering a question, the Union Minister of State for Child Development said that so far there has been no complaint against any scheme. any complaint activities.
The meeting decided to install a petrol pump on the Iewrynghep-Nonglum road and Thangkhiew Point petrol pump.
The union is waiting for the report/reply from this office and will continue to monitor the case until those involved in this alleged corruption get fined and the affected families get their rights. .
There are 231 police stations in the state.
Speaking on the new scheme, the Pradhan Mantri Vishwakarma Yojana (PMVY), launched by Prime Minister Duh on 17th November, the Minister said that the Government's goal is to improve the the lives of designers and manufacturers and provide them with technology that will strengthen them to participate in today's markets.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Punjab National Bank, one of the banks that has taken the initiative to develop the rural areas, has laid the foundation stone of its rural branch in Meghalaya. Self Employment Training Institutes (RSETIs) in Upper Shillong of East Khasi Hills District.
A total of 584 people have tested positive for COVID-19 today and 6110 people are still infected.
The BSF spokesman said the incident had nothing to do with the raid on a GNLA camp in South West Garo Hills where they seized many weapons.
In the month of October, the police have collected a fine of T.6,65,450/- from the drivers who have violated the rules. Shillong: However, many people are still violating the rules and regulations laid down under the MV Act.
The Director of Health Services (DHS) has confirmed that 84 cases have been recovered from the disease today. 4, West Garo Hills 4, South West Garo Hills 3, South West Khasi Hills 1, North Garo Hills 1, East Garo Hills 1, the total number of recoveries is
Director Monica in charge of the U.S. Consulate General Kolkata said.
The Prime Minister today convened a meeting with the Forest Department to discuss what the government has started to implement by the government department and the aim is to reach the goal through cooperation.
The arrested persons include Sub Inspector Sudarshan Sangma, Constable Claipson M Marak of the MPRO Operator and Constable Basant Lama.
According to the police case, Rahul Kr.
Therefore, on behalf of the Meghalaya Awaken Concern Citizens, as we try to speak and witness as citizens who stand to serve for the good of the society, we strongly urge the State Government.
This means that in these States there are still many people who have been infected and will continue to be infected.
“We have lodged a complaint at Umïam Police Station,” said Bah Syiemiong. “While they were standing to buy something, suddenly a truck came and hit the vehicle from behind until the vehicle entered a truck. store.
On the other hand, the members of the union have reached only 4 uranium waste dumps and there are some places which they have not been able to reach due to floods and heavy rain.
On the other hand, residents and villages in Shillong have also installed lights on the streets to celebrate this Christmas which will be held today which is the Christmas Eve.
The total number of people who have tested positive for COVID-19 in Meghalaya since the beginning of the outbreak has risen to 96663, the total number of recoveries has risen to 94983 and the death toll has risen to
The goals were scored by Redeem Tlang and Samuel Kynshi both of Meghalaya.
Because of the increase in the price of food items, the people especially those with low income, besides the lack of employment, the increase in the price of food items has caused a lot of problems especially in the country. this is the time of the world.
When SP News Agency went to meet with the traders of synsar and sla tyrad who came to drop off these products at the market, they expressed their happiness that they have been able to sell without any more. anything that has happened in the past month.
The law enforcement authorities should arrest and punish these perpetrators immediately.
Police have recovered two pistols, four 7.65 carbines, IEDs and electronic detonators from the scene.
Jowai Police on the 24th of this month recovered the body of a child from the PHE water pipeline in Jowai.
Speech at the 104th session of the Mann Ki Baat, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has praised Bah Brian D Kharpran Daly from Meghalaya for his contribution in the field of crematoria. in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Nailar 17: The KSU Employment and Monitoring Cell today met with the Director General of NECTAR to inform him about the complaint of the applicant at the office.
Any party in the central government has given special protection to the minorities in the North East, as in the North East of India there are many ethnic groups who speak their own language. those of words.
Chalai said the NEC has been involved in the launch of many major projects such as the RIMS, Imphal, NEPA, Shillong.
Speaking to reporters, he said that the number of injured has risen to 20, one teacher has died and four are undergoing treatment. and 15 others were injured.
Besides being stupid, they are wise and don't even respect the morality of man or the morality of God.
Other speakers on the occasion included the Deputy Commissioner, Bah W. Nongsiej and the District Transport Officer, Bah W. Makdoh.
On these issues, many of those who attended the meeting spoke in detail and the government has taken action on them all. Internet will be available from 6.00 pm today.
JSU/CB/F3/Gen/2009-10/57 Dated, 24th November 2010 5.
The purpose of this is to be able to spend the money available even if it is not in the budget by increasing the government's salary as it is now receiving T.100 crore from the central government for NERGS. and as it is, the money in the budget has already been spent.
At a meeting held recently at Pdengshakap, UDP MLA from Amlarem Constituency, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, who is also the President, requested the election of Bah Robert June Kharjahrin so that it will be easier to work in terms of work. Amlarem Constituency.
Shillong, Naitung 06: The Chief Justice of the High Court of Meghalaya, Justice Ajay Kumar Mittal today inaugurated a session on the topic “District Council Courts in Meghalaya”. The meeting was held at the Conference Hall of the High Court, Shillong.
The coaches included Bah Khlaiñpyrkhat Syiemlieh as Head Coach, Playerson Syiemlieh as Asst Coach, Freddy Kharpran Manager and Lucky Mary Marbaniang as Physiotherapist.
It was this army that first shot at the Pakistani and Bangladeshi troops in defending the border of the country.
It is necessary for those groups who organize protests during the seasons when it is time for the farmers to sell their produce in the markets to work together for the welfare of our fellow citizens. so that it does not affect their livelihood and the fruits of their labour.
In the complaint, Bah Warjri said that the Rangbah Shnongs of Bakhlapara, Rostom Bora and Halhor had given permission to Assam on the 16th of this month to set up a polling station for the polling station. The residents of Baklapara, Lyngkhung, Zimbabwe, Hawla, Patgang, Bilpara, Ranibari and Halhor have turned out to vote.
He said that this will bring about a major change in the way of health care which will be affordable and available anywhere.
One in West Garo Hills, two in Ri Bhoi, one in West Khasi Hills, one in East Jaintia Hills, one in East Jaintia Hills. create a hole inside Topcem.
On Tuesday morning, the BSF seized 144 cows from six places on the border with Bangladesh and counted these cows worth more than 13 lakh tyngka.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: This year's MDC election in Mawsynram Constituency has been different from other years in which the people have talked about this MDC election, not like in the past. But now the people have talked well about the current election.
Manish Sharma turned in a mind-blowing bowling performance whereby he took 8/14 in 15 overs as Meghalaya defeated Sikkim by a colossal 328 runs in their U-23 men’s Col CK Nayudu Trophy match in Rangpo, Sikkim, today.
During the meeting, they also discussed how as elders they should act to maintain the position of head of the family.
Therefore, we must have the power to protect ourselves and we can do so if the power to reject the Acts of Parliament is in the Governor who is subject to the discretion of the State Government and the State Legislative Assembly.
The death toll has risen to 11 from East Khasi Hills District, 11 people have recovered from the disease, 54 people are still in critical condition and 54 people are still undergoing treatment at hospitals. there are 17 of them.
The Union Minister of Home Affairs spoke on the measures taken by the Government in the fight against COVID-1
He said the EC has also approved the KHAD Services (Amendment) Rules, 2023 which aims to increase the age of employment of young applicants in the Council to 37 years.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: The Deputy Director of Higher and Technical Education, Government of Meghalaya has informed all those students who are eligible for the Umbrella Scheme who have passed matriculation and those who have exceeded their marks. should be received for the year 2021-2022 by the citizens.
The union today also wanted to meet with the SP, East Jaintia Hills District, to urge him to take strong action against such thieves but could not meet with him because he had a meeting at Shillong: The AJYWO has met with the ASP of the district, L Sangma, MPS and handed over a copy of its FIR to him and urged him to take action against him. Nepali.
The office will be open tomorrow morning even though it is Holy Tuesday. All Rangbah Shnongs have been asked to report on the incident. It is estimated that the damage to houses will be between 1800 and 2000 houses, but the exact count will not be available tomorrow morning, but the severe damage will be between 200 to 250 houses.
Shillong, March 09: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HANM) today launched its Anti Influx Operation Cell in East Khasi Hills under the leadership of Ubah L Syiem President. and Bah Bawan Nongsiej Secretary of the ILP in Shilong yesterday as part of the implementation of the ILP in the state.
Since that day, these nine villages have not received electricity.
Therefore, if the Council really wants to implement this decision of the Executive Committee, it should first allow the people to give their opinion to know whether it affects those who are Rangbah Shnog.
The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government led by the NPP, with the joint support of the UDP, PDF, BJP and HSPDP, has nominated Dr Donkupar Roy as its candidate. He is also the oldest MLA in the Legislative Assembly.
The Seng feels that at this time when India and the states are still severely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, it will not be easy for the students of the state to write their examinations if the authorities NEHU will conduct the examination in July.
Unfortunately, the Government and NHAI have cleaned up the parts of the road that are still good and leave the crematoria along the road.
Periodic inspection and maintenance of hospital facilities to comply with safety standards as defined in the National Building Code This includes ventilation, doors which have fire protection and lighting at walkways and bridge stones.
Shillong, April 16: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government wants to bring services closer to the people. of South East Khasi Hills District, in Sohra.
This is according to a statement sent by the Education Secretary of the JSU Shillong Circle.
The Supply Department should not only ask the dealers to return the money they have taken but should also ensure that everyone who receives the goods should get the money back and not just comply.
Shillong, June 16: The President of the KSU Laban Circle, Samla Reuben Najiar and the Secretary of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Laban Circle today sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya. Conrad Sangma, Minister in charge of Defense Prestone Tysong and DGP Dr LR Bshnoi.
Regarding the Anganwadi Centres, the village leaders said that so far there are still nine villages without Aganwadi Centres. day.
We should be proud to see such participation in all parts of the country.
The struggle for freedom is a mass struggle based on justice and avoidance of bloodshed.
On the part of the Rangbah Shnong of Mawlyngbna, he expressed his gratitude to the Governor of Meghalaya for opening the parking lot for these 6 kayaks. The state has welcomed this tourist attraction.
The Seng demands that the Director of Agriculture should clarify on what basis these two students have been given the opportunity as Scheduled Caste to study through the state Quota.
Shillong, Naiwieng 8: With the aim of encouraging and motivating the students who have passed well in various subjects, the KSU Marshillong Unit on Tuesday honored five students from the area.
At the same time, during his visit to the area, Bah John F Kharshiing, expressed his concern over the concerns expressed by Bah Emerson Dyia, Sordar Mawdem, regarding the problems faced by the people. The border area especially in relation to the poor condition of the road which is about 10 km, and where the people are facing problems in many ways due to the lack of road.
He said that the KSU has requested for the number of employees and has estimated that there are 547 employees, but most of these employees are from abroad and there are very few locals. who work in this place.
It is learned that private individuals have now started to provide assistance and as of now the amount has reached almost 1000 tyngka from the donations of the people.
Shillong, Lber 23: U Bah Daskhiatbha Lamare, Minister in charge of Housing, PWD, Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that what he is now is from the training he received from the school he attended. Pestle Weed School" is located in Dheradun.
The DHS's request for clarification came after one of the RTI applicants, Bah Disparsing Rani, found through an RTI reply that the amount allocated by the Central Government to assist Meghalaya is still Rs 43 crore.
The Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya has been writing petitions to the Government since 1950 and has been waiting for the implementation of the Government of India.
During the meeting, the Chief Minister informed these leaders that the second round of talks with Assam will be held after the Independence Day celebrations. in Guwahati, the only thing left is to set the date.
However, other smugglers have managed to escape as the incident occurred in the early hours of the morning.
To wait for the PWD tank, the residents of the village have come out since 9 pm and filled the road with thiew ki syar so that they cannot walk on the road in their village. .
Shillong, November 22: The Khasi Jaintia National Union (KJNU) together with its circles and units wishes you a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year to all our brothers and sisters and the world. other.
Other party leaders who attended the function included David Kharsati General Secretary, Ernest Mawrie, Edmund Sangma, Bianca Kyndiah and other party office bearers.
The government's decision to replace the currency is to curb illegal money, to curb the purchase of weapons and to curb all crime in the country.
The Minister of State for Power, New and Renewable Energy and the Minister for Skill Development and Entrepreneurship RK Singh said this in a written reply in the Rajya Sabha today.
With this new approach, the government will have to spend more than T.1027.17 crore per annum and T.85.60 crore per month.
During the times of foreign rule, the schools in these areas were run by the heads of the Welsh Calvinistic Methodist Mission, this is also the case with the government schools.
During the meeting, after listening to the comments of the people, the Chief Minister promised to work together as the people of the state.
He said that the party will go to inform the state government in this regard as it is necessary as a state to raise a single voice, that the age limit should remain fixed. 35 And he went out all the way.
We hope that these efforts and aspirations of ours will come true and on the part of the Minister he said that the land is suitable for the market and hope that the works will go ahead,” he said.
Shillong, November 15: The Speaker of the Hills State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) today celebrated its Golden Jubilee and unveiled the statue of Bah Hopingstone. Lyngdoh, the first president of the party, was not elected.
In his speech, Samla Ryngkat said that when we become heads in various positions in the government department, we should serve our fellow citizens.
Superintendent of Police (CID), Meghalaya, who explained the work done by the Village Defense Party in the fight against drugs.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong Lamin said that the government has not yet provided any assistance to the families of those who have died.
It is only those who want to borrow money, or those who want to deposit money in banks, who require the people to register at the office of the Deputy Commissioner (Registrar).
Urging the people to be vigilant, Bah Wahlang said, “Allow us as leaders to dig deeper for the good of this work which we have done. walk.
He said that at present they cannot say what the cause is, but the loss is three large transformers each worth more than Rs 2 crore and the loss of machines alone has exceeded Rs 2 crore. MeECL officials are still taking a detailed estimate of the exact loss of Rs 6 crore.
In the past, this Training Center has provided many benefits to the youth who have gone to study there but now as the days go by we see that it is no longer working as in the past.
The Lum Jingthang Committee would like to thank all those who came to take part in this annual cleanliness drive.
Alvin Sawkmie MDC of Mawsynram PWD Division said that the collapse of this road will affect dozens of villages. street.
The decision of the 13 candidates will be taken by the people of the three constituencies on the 30th of this month by casting their votes on that day. It is only the people who will decide whom to send to the House to complete this term which remains more than a year.
Speaking at the public meeting, Embhah said, “We have already discussed with Paul Lyngdoh in the Assembly regarding the border issue. He said that Assam has been defeated but the Congress in power has remained silent. He urged the people to allow Bah Paul to appear in Parliament this time. ways to resolve these issues.
One of the ULFA members was killed while the others escaped. The ULFA member who was shot dead was identified as Dharma Kanta Rai, you are not known as Garo Champa.
Shillong, November 17: Shillong Lajong Football Club will play against Dempo Sport Club at home on the 21st of this month at Jawahalal Neru Stadium Shillong.
“I am pleased that former athletes who have competed in prominent sports tournaments around the world and won medals have applied for these posts and have already been selected,” said the Union Minister. Tnat Youth Affairs and Sports, and Anurag Singh Thakur.
In another incident, BSF seized a Bolero Pickup carrying stolen motorcycle parts worth T.8,00,000/- tyngka and arrested two Indians. .
What is needed now is to manage the information through this system which he has personally supervised in collaboration with the officers of the distribution department of the central government.
The cause of the fire is suspected to be a light failure, but police have not been able to confirm this and are investigating to find out the cause of the fire which has caused damage of more than crores of rupees. .
She was taken to Civil Hospital Shillong on 16/9/2020 but died at 9.45 pm. The death of the mother was due to diabetes and other illnesses. COVID-19.
The Central Government contributes 90% of the scheme.
On this occasion, Captain Praveen paid tribute to the 4000 soldiers who died in the 1971 Pakistan war. and Home Minister Swarrow Singh and other troops who sacrificed their lives in this war.
This bill will also protect those who have another husband because there are many cases where there is a dispute over the rights of parents when they die. .
Shillong, Jymmang 12: U Marcus CH Sangma, 26, a prominent member of the GNLA, today surrendered before Sankatha Prasad, Commandant 20 Bn of BSF in Tura.
The Committee includes four MDCs who also hold the post of EM, two Council Officers and also experts from Jaintia Hills including Chaphrang Ch Passah, Rikoma.
Other speakers at the meeting were Bah S.Lytep Executive Engineer (Road) of NH Shillong Bye Pass Division. witness to this day.
The purpose of this seminar was to make the students aware of the rapid pace of the need for digital in addition to textbooks and to make them aware of the role of the New Education Policy (NEP). ), that the College plans to provide training to students in accordance with the demands of the time to use technologies.
On the other hand, u Samla Nongïalam welcomed these youths who have recently become full members of the KSU and reminded them that when they come to join the KSU they should not expect personal gain and that The KSU will not have the money to pay them but the price it will pay should instill in them the spirit of love for the Jaidbynriew.
K.V.Giridhar, IFS, Director, Tribal Welfare Dept.
This year, the topic given to the participants was on company law.
In fact, instead of taking the loan, the government should have improved these two machines and the proceeds should have paid the electricity bill to these companies belonging to the central government.
Under the Cheetah Project, 20 radio-collared cheetahs have been brought from Namibia and South Africa to Kuno National Park, Madhya Pradesh, in the first relocation of these cheetahs from one forest area to another. even.
The Minister said that the government will make rules that this area will be only for foreigners, the state residents will not be allowed to enter this area even if there is If the license is not granted, the license shall be revoked.
He said that the Government's allocation of large areas of land is like a bias in which the indigenous people have been treated without any compensation while the foreigners have been treated like the last children and They also alleged that this action of the Government has something behind it.
The polling day will be on 27/2/23 from 7.00 pm to 4.00 pm and the polling day will be on 01/03/2 The Cabinet to decide when to hold the elections to the KHADC and JHADC As these two Assemblies end in October
The benefits of a special Lok Adalat are, A speedy conclusion and reconciliation.
The ministry has approved an incentive of Rs 500 crore to promote air connectivity and for related infrastructure in the North East until October,
Taking the verdict, Muktiar ND Shullai informed the court that Bah S Kharsyiemlieh is not in Shillong and will return in November.
The work of deploying computers in 62000 PACS has started, and the trial has now started in 10080 PACS and the computers have been fully deployed in 1800 PACS. PACS, functioning as CSCs provide more than 300 Government of India services facilities to the public.
He said that this training is like a door that opens the door for them to improve their skills even though the training is short.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today said that the government will set up 36 new police stations to streamline the work of the police.
Speaking on the Prime Minister's Ayushman Bharat Health Infrastructure Mission, the Minister said that through this scheme, the Government is looking into the strengthening of health facilities.
Most of these Acts are the Acts of the Central Government enacted since the time of the British Government in India which have been included in a Schedule or a Book and approved by the Governor. Assam, Jairamdas Doulatram, in the United Khasi-Jaintia Hills Regulation, 1952 on April 22, 1952 and only on May 3, 1952 received the approval of the President of India. , Rajendra Prasad.
The PDF party has four MLAs, two of whom are in the Cabinet. There are discussions within the party on this issue. Shillong, Nailur 20: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government led by the National People's Party (NPP) has sent a letter to the EC of the party. The government has also included road construction schemes to the central government for funding through the World Bank and the bridge on the Umiam River in Shella.
We have suffered in the trade, in the wages, in education, in employment and also in the rule of law.
Those who participate will gain knowledge about current trends, market demands, regulatory frameworks and supervisory aspirations, with those with industry experience providing advice to assist these projects to they will reach the thong.
Since June, 2015, the radio program has been broadcast on the last Sunday of each month.
This city is beautiful.
Nongstoi, July 12: Meghalaya has been independent for 42 years but according to information received by this reporter, there are still 70% villages that are lagging behind in all aspects. Whether it is the availability of educational facilities, roads and other development projects that the government should deliver to the people especially in the rural areas.
In his speech at the State Funeral, the Prime Minister said that the greatest lesson in politics from this leader is the “confidence” of Dr Donkupar in what he has done. This is the most important teaching in the world.
The Prime Minister expressed his deep sorrow over this untimely death. On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that he prays that at this time of sorrow, May the Creator grant peace to his soul.
The SP of East Khasi Hills, Pankaj Kumar Rasgania IPS, said that the arrest of Leenstar Shabong, 27, of Nongthymai, is in connection with the murder of a foreigner in Ichamati. .
Regarding the distribution of PPEs, this is only for those who have to be in the COVID-19 rooms, but for others who are unemployed, the hospital authorities are not stupid enough not to follow. The rules and regulations laid down by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Central Government.
The central theme of the day was, “Think, Eat, and Protect”.
The total number of positive cases so far is 938831, the total number of recoveries is 92233 and the total number of deaths is
Speaking to reporters after submitting the complaint to the Speaker of the House, Dr. Ampareen said that they have the right to take a decision on the complaint. their.
The places where COMSO will deploy volunteers to search for foreigners will be in Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
Mayralborn urged the Prime Minister to include the 20 km Nongpoh-Umden road in the list to send to the DoNER department to get funds to repair this road as soon as possible.
Regarding the opening of schools, the government has not yet given any thought as it is up to the central government after which the state will take a decision, but it has not yet decided. have any talk of opening schools.
The total number of samples taken so far is 40700, 39294 tested negative, 383 results and 26,286 returnees.
In his speech, Bah Marbud Dkhar said that if the government does not listen to the demands of Ka Sur Ki Paidbah ka Bri Hynniewtrep, as a group, we will continue to intensify our protest. the government to establish temporary police.
The Technical Manager of NHAI Biswa Jyoti Lahkar has promised to complete the maintenance of the road within six months from 09/08/2 something.
Under the Aspirational District Programme, 112 districts in the country have been identified as having the lowest levels of development.
Shillong, July 11: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today announced that four cases of COVID-19 in the state have recovered after testing negative twice.
There are 30,284 single mothers and 11,695 single mothers.
The Chief Executive Members of Block-I are Bah S Rynjah, Bah Dilip Marbaniang of Block-II, Bah Batlin Chyne of Block-III, Bah LB Chyne of Block-IV. Warjri, Johny Blah of Block-II, F Warjri of Block-III and Paul Lyngdoh Mawphlang of Block IV. Members are Donphang Kharkrang from Block-I, Bosting Marbaniang from Block-II, M Kharjana from Block-II and Khraw Lyngdoh from Block IV. K Talang Social Secretary.
The Superintendent of Police, West Garo Hills District, Dr Raghavendra Kumar, said that the police have suspected that it was a robbery. people involved in this case and now they will be arrested.
To say that the incident was committed by the people of Mawtlong I cannot justify because the people nearby have joined hands,” said Bah Mawloong.
He said that this invitation has been received by many of the family members of the leaders of the Bhalang, as of now no one has come forward to give their speech. If these leaders cannot appear before the officers for investigation, the police can prove that the charges against them are true. to send to a special court for the purpose of the case.
The rugged fields, the lush plains, the snowcapped mountains, these are some of the signs of Meghalaya's relationship with nature.
At the same time, Bah Pyniaid Syiem acknowledged that the passage of the bills is a victory for the Council in passing the Act and also the Bill. land act.
In his speech, Ranjen said that the scheme was launched by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi on 1st June 2016 at Ballia in Uttar Pradesh.
That will be until May and he can stay in Shillong for a month as he is more free and has more time.
“It will be of great benefit to the residents of Sohra Market and they will be free from the rain especially during the rainy season as we know that the Sohra area is the rainiest place,” he said.
When the MHC tries to tie the hands and shut the mouths of the media, then what is the freedom of the media especially those who are the strongest overseers for the benefit of the people and the state as a whole.
Dr. Doricia Pariat, Director of Health Services (Research), Meghalaya, said that the purpose of studying medicine is not to encourage anyone to go to study doctorate but after completing their studies they should. understand and help people by having a spirit of compassion.
The BSF from 172 Battalion also distributed tree seedlings to the villages to explain to them the need to bring about a change in the mindset to protect the environment.
The State Resource Center on Disability Affairs, Bah Dylan Syiem, said that this is the first time that this program has been held for people with disabilities in the form of a festival.
Regarding the HNLC, I cannot say anything because I am no longer in the party.
Following the information of Muktiar Bah Shullai, the Judge of the Meghalaya High Court has ordered that it has not yet reached the point where it has to order the Chief Superintendent of Police of East Khasi Hills to bring him. Bah S Kharsyiemlieh, but he should appear in court on the day of the hearing.
On the other hand, the GSU said that the GSU stands on the basis of Greater Garo Land and will continue to demand until it is achieved.
MEEPL is like other government companies with a chairman, MD and other members. They are taken from the electricity department, planning MeECL, finance department, law department. However, you do not have to pay for your membership because you are a government employee.
At this time, there were only 700 oxygen cylinders initially but now there are more than 3000 oxygen cylinders.
During the meeting, Shri Rahul Gandhi, MP & Vice President, AICC, said that Meghalaya is a beautiful state and asked and talked about the development in tourism destinations. in Meghalaya such as Sohra and other places.
In addition, there were many complaints that there was insufficient mechanism to identify the people behind this case.
The relatives of the deceased have lodged a complaint with the Jhalupara Out Post Police Station.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District (KHNAM) on Tuesday demanded that the Government/Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District should immediately suspend the implementation of Section 144 CrPC from today. 10 pm shops, food shops, music playing in vehicles around Shillong.
At the same time, if it is true that there is no order from the Central Government, the State Government should not announce it, and if it is still being issued later, the State Government should suspend it this year and implement it again next year. to come.
The Seng has discussed the plight of the Khasi students studying at Manipur University after the clashes and bloodshed, who are now in the midst of struggling to return to continue their studies.
The National Law University Ordinance 2022 was approved by the Cabinet of Ministers on 4th July
The Minister said that at present there are two Chief Engineers in the Western Zone and the creation of this new post in the rank of Chief Engineer is only to look into the collection of light bills in Garo Hills.
Shillong, Nailur 03: U Bah Embhah Syiemlieh, one of the leading office bearers of the UDP party and former MLA of Mawlai, has left the UDP and joined the NPP today.
Shillong, Lber 06: The Pro-tem Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Timothy D Shira today swore in all the 58 MLAs who have just won the elections to the 1st Legislative Assembly. state.
“We are pleased to point out that these existing Acts, Rules and Regulations, when amended and strengthened, should have a good and cooperative relationship between the various laws and departments and especially the and the Act which the Government is preparing to enact, and the new Act should be free from conflict between the various authorities such as the State Government, Autonomous District Councils and Hima/Elaka.
In 2003-2004 he played for Mohan Bagan and after many years he played for the Goan Club Salgaocar of Goa. Shillong Lajong was the first player to play for the Indian National Team followed by Aiborlang Khongjee and Eugeneson Lyngdoh. to the Ri.
While the ILP has not yet been obtained, the District Taskforce should be implemented first, but the sad thing is that no District Taskforce has been set up yet. Members of the party were present at the venue to welcome the visitors.
: means an urgent message to be published before other media are published.
Basing Roy Kharshandy of UDP from Nongthymmai, Gilbert Laloo of HSPDP from Mylliem and Sara Kharlukhi of UDP from Mawkhar-Pynthorumkhrah.
Besides these office bearers, 36 members from all over the city and Khapsor were also elected as members of the Executive Committee of FKJGP Shillong City.
He said the IPC is not a law based on thought and research but a way of thinking that has been brought in hastily by introducing the laws of another country.
Pretty Thapa said that this will be a platform for the youth of Meghalaya to enter the modeling industry. She said that the youth of Meghalaya are talented, the important thing is to open the platform for them. the road to them.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Sarita said that she has an intention to contest the MLA election and is now moving forward to hold meetings across the Mawlai Constituency.
On the other hand, the leaders of Mawrong constituency under the leadership of Bah Moving Mukshiar and Bah C Barim together with the party workers have unanimously decided to leave the party and also the supporters of you party.
The Tata Group will invest about T.300 crore and once completed, the IIS will be able to train 5,000 trainees annually.
The curfew in the state has been implemented smoothly without any incident.
Therefore, the side has followed up on this issue by submitting a letter to remind the government on this issue.
In a letter sent to the Minister of Education, HITO has made it clear that the appointment of teachers in UP and LP schools of the government is not according to the number of teachers and students. this organization.
The Transport Department of the State Government has revived the post of Assistant General Manager (AGM) at the office of the Meghalaya Transport Corporation (MTC) which has been abolished since
The event was attended by the President of the State Mahila Morcha, Shillong District President and the President of the State Yuva Morcha. that it is Amrit Vatican.
At the same time, Bah EK Sutnga said that this march today shows that all the people who have been affected by the coal mining ban do not want the decision taken by the NGT, and the actions of the NGT. NGT has been exactly like coming to take away the livelihood of the people.
Mawkohiew, Mawmluh I, Shitangbah, Ramsngiwar, Nongkdait, Umlongpung, Dirang, Mawthungmarwei, Mawkohiew, Domjri, Domshohksoin, Phudumbah, Phudumbah, and Mawkohiew.
The mammoth C17 Globemaster was able to land at this site because it is built in such a way that it can be launched even in the mountains. skills also of the airmen who drive it.
Development of livelihoods, by recognizing the opportunities available in tourism in the state.
This donation was made after the members of the party donated to each other and after doing this they went to distribute to the people inside the party. a village that really needs help.
This has resulted in a cost of Rs 2.2 lakh crore to the Central Government.
Amit Sinha was pronounced dead by the Medical Officer of Sanar International Hospital, Gurgaon while Digvijay Singh was also injured and was admitted to the same hospital.
With the withdrawal of the opposition from the House, the EC of Bah Pynshngain has been dissolved without any power struggle in the House.
State Minister Bah Paul Lyngdoh who is also the Spokesperson of the MDA Government said that the law should stand firm.
Set your goal to reach higher because you are the future of our state,” he said.
Regarding the demand for salary increase of SSA teachers, AMSSATSA supports MSSASA and other demands put before the government to implement the demand of SSA teachers. in the state.
Prestone's statement that a crime is always a crime goes against the belief that there may be a difference in the nature of different crimes,” he said.
The meeting was conducted by Bah SD Khongwir, Rangbah Shnong Mawlai Nonglum.
The job of these parties is only to promote Meghalaya.
Commenting on the Assam Government's border crossing with Meghalaya, Bah Dohtdong said, “From time to time we see that the Assam Government does not respect the Status Quo. The Government of Meghalaya.
People have been banned from entering the village and residents have been banned from leaving the village.
According to the recommendation of the state government to the central government, the scholarship system has been sent in four phases. The salary shall be increased to T.35000/- per annum.
The party also wants to see how many political parties will include the ILP in their election manifestos regarding the ILP, if there are parties that do not include the ILP as one of them. The party will campaign against the candidates of that party.
The Leader of the Opposition said that the time has come for a new government, he has conveyed this to other parties and has written a letter to the political parties.
Dil Bhadur BIswa 72 years old from Nongmynsong was taken to NEIGHRIMS on 01 September 2020 and died at 8.45 AM. The cause of death was due to respiratory failure and COVID-1
The Union Finance Minister also urged the Customs Department to be vigilant when implementing these border areas, especially in the most densely populated and dangerous areas.
For children who do not receive these existing scholarship schemes, PM CARES will provide scholarships.
The KSU has sent petitions and also met with the MPs and Union Ministers as soon as possible and requested them to urge the central government to elect Dr. Sungoh.
Shillong, Naiwieng 05: The 100th Anniversary of Dr H Gordon Roberts Hospital, Jaiaw has been celebrated by the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Assembly Synod (KJS).
This will be so that the whole world will know that the nation is a nation that is united in all aspects and is also a nation that is clean in thought.
The Meghalaya government has allowed residents of Meghalaya or those who intend to stay in the state from East Pakistan, now Bangladesh, to apply for the post of Assistant Conservator of Forests under the Forest Department.
As part of “India@75: Azaadi ka Amrit Mahotsav”, the office of Superintending Engineer PWD (Roads), Eastern Shillong Circle recently conducted a District Rural Road Seminar on “Role of PMGSY in development of respective rural”. areas" was held at the Conference Hall, PWD Secretariat, Shillong.
The death toll has risen to five and nine have been injured.
On this occasion, the Governor of Meghalaya congratulated the Police and various units of the Central Government Army in the State for their hard work. has been conducted to reduce the presence of insurgents in the state.
The dance and all the rituals were held in the square in front of the dance hall, which was specially built. dang put, and at this time when the king was dancing, she had attracted a crowd of spectators. Her dress was really beautiful from head to toe. the shatri which was covered with the shad.
The march was to urge the government to take measures to introduce strict laws to prevent criminals from falling into the trap of violence.
The Seng will soon leave to convey the problems of the community especially the deterioration of the road to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Minister in charge of PWD, Bah Preston Tynsong. The HYC has reminded the Meghalaya government of its promise to the people of the area through Local MLA Bah Gigur Myrthong to introduce a two-line. He promised to build Siang Rong from Nongstoin to Maweit after three months. If he reaches the goal, he promised to build Siang Rong from Maweit. you lap election Ong more and more your statement.
Twelve teams from the states will compete for the 77Santosh Trophy and Meghalaya, which is in Group-A, includes Arunachal Pradesh, Goa, Assam, Services, and Kerala.
The Overseas Nursing Job Fair 2023 has been a success after 27 female Nursing students from Meghalaya have been selected to start a new career. work in Japan after completing their training.
On the other hand, the drivers of vehicles in the area also expressed their happiness that they have been able to travel easily despite the lack of a proper road.
The terms of this contract were finally finalized at the meeting held on
The reason for this change is because of the secretive and secretive activities of the Syiem in many areas especially the inability to convene the Dorbar Hima for about 7 (Nine) years or more which has brought sorrow to him. majority.
Because the chiefs and sirdars have signed the soskular, their opinion is needed.
The villages that received the assistance today are Hari, Hangria, Kuliang, Lamasaki, Partakona, Laijuri, Lailong, Baskona, Donaskur, Donabhoj, Umkiang, Lumdhyllut, Sanghat, Jaliakhola, SP Tilla, Rattachera and Barsora are located in the district.
The exhibition was held at the State Central Library Shillong where many people attended the exhibition.
The SP City, Bah Vivek Syiem, in charge of the Anti-Narcotic Cell of Shillong, in his speech to the youths who attended the meeting at Madan Student, said that the Drugs have been available throughout Shillong and the number of drug users has increased.
The drugs were hidden in soap boxes.
Regarding the bomb blast in East Jaintia Hills, he said that police have already arrested all those suspected of being involved in the incident. who don kti.
The Government violates the rights of the citizens of the country and enforces strict laws.
The program was organized by the HQ Research and Development Institute (BRO).
Due to two threats facing us now, the search for asylum of 40 lakh non-Indians found in Assam, have fled to Meghalaya as medical seekers or treated at NEIGHRIMS early this morning. and every day they came by bus from Assam; Afghanistan, Pakistan, Bangladesh after the Parliament passes the CAB. It is up to us to demand the removal of this Governor who does not understand this right. The Constitution of India gives us a minority, we Khasi-Pnar and Garo are not only minorities but we are the ones who will lose our race because of our clean marriage with them. heh-paid is almost like a plague! Therefore, we cannot demand a Governor who is not communal and anti-constitutional but pro-tribal and constitutional.
There will also be a launch of many fighter jets of the Indian Army. This will be an opportunity for the public to get to know the Indian Air Force.
The procession started from Kala Academy in Panaji to the grounds of the Entertainment Society of Goa which will be decorated with art installations.
The Minister in charge of Factories in the State, Bah Sniawbhlang Dhar, has requested the House for an additional T.6,76,92,000/- crore to pay the salaries of the employees of Mawmluh Cherra. Cement Limited, this money has been paid from the Contingency Fund and now has to arrange for this expenditure.
Speaking to reporters, Dr Tiwari said that there are two seats in Meghalaya, namely the Shillong seat with 36 constituencies and the Tura seat with 24 constituencies.
Lambor Malngiang said that they have not said that after the dorbar has passed the resolution on the ILP, they have decided that the government will not take action on this issue.
Two cases in West Garo Hills are civilians, one case is from a shopkeeper and in North Garo Hills, one case is from Pynthorbah.
Police have arrested the suspect and charged him under the POCSO Act.
The Government understands that important issues such as the infiltration of mynder and illegal immigration and the border dispute between Assam and Meghalaya and the decisions that result from them remain the main issues of this Government.
It was blessed by the saints of the Dharmic Mutt in Tamil Nadu.
The households eligible for this scheme are taken from the SECC data of 2011. The gas supply is done by authorities recognized by the Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas.
The NEC has allocated Rs 2.46 crore for this special hospital.
The statement, which was published on 14/1/2024, affected the personality of the party president, Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit MLA, and the statement was against him personally.
SARTHAQ has also been prepared as a dynamic document from time to time and will be updated from time to time based on the suggestions of those involved in the process.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: The Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, today said that the names of the Chairpersons of the Meghalaya State Commission for Women (MSCW) will be discussed soon at the Cabinet meeting.
Speaking to reporters, Mayborn Lyngdoh, spokesperson of FASTOM, said that they have been told by the government what they said on 12th June 2022, the government has not kept its promise.
Although the party has not yet announced its candidates, it is clear that Ernest Mawrie, President of the party, will contest the MLA election from Shillong West Constituency.
There were also information competitions, drone flying demonstrations, health camps and others.
The dorbar, which was scheduled to last for 18 days from 18th November to 12th July, was adjourned due to the completion of the Government's main tasks and the demands of the members for the two holidays coming up.
The Mrs.Ri Bhoi competition has raised awareness among the public on the need to recognize women and children because the questions asked to the women who took part were about the needs and duties of women. in the home, in the community, the way to fight against violence against women, the role of women in relation to adults, young men and also there were questions regarding the education requirements and more.
This man works as a bridge builder.
Therefore, the question of whether this is a census does not exist and the detention of illegal immigrants can be done by the relevant authorities in places where there is no litigation,” said the union.
Therefore, in order to bear the burden of these families, the Seng has been able to donate cooking utensils, Khaw ki Kombor along with money to these families. This is part of helping them to resume their jobs to support their own families.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: The Government of Meghalaya through the Director, Food Civil Supplies and Consumer Affairs, Meghalaya, has invited those who wish to supply Point of Sales (PoS) machines to install as part of the implementation of the National Food Security Act
The fine for unregistered vendors with the office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima will be 1000 tyngka and half will go to the reporter.
He said the Central Government is working with a target of more than Rs 100 crore in terms of assets.
Tura, July 05: The Meghalaya Pradesh Youth Congress (MPYC) has burnt down the Congress party's demand that the Prime Minister should clarify the issue of the withdrawal of 500 and 1000 tyngka notes. Narendra Modi, Arun Jaitley, Amit Shah and Nalin Kohli in front of the BJP office in Tura.
Nearly 4500 athletes from 200 universities will participate in the 2023 KIUG.
We focus on multimodal connectivity to support each other.
the mutka is the root of the tree;
In this regard, there is a need for cooperation between the District Council and the State Government.
We strongly urge the MDCs, MLAs, MPs, children of Hajar, youth, women, Dorbar Kur, Seng Kur and Nongsynshar from Village to Raid and Hima, to be vigilant, to be alive and to be to seek, read and know about the customs and traditions, the history of the nation, to stand on the foundation of the islands according to the promises in the treaty of union and treaty" () signed by him. hope because the children of thousands to this day continue to hope that the Government of India will fulfill its promises, and that the islands of the twenty-five (25) Hima Khasi States or known as the Federation of Khasi State In recent years, they have reached the table of the President of India, the Prime Minister and Home Minister, including the National Commission for Scheduled Tribes, the National Commission for Human Rights, the Government. India, what remains is to get intelligent leaders who have an understanding of the customs and traditions on these issues, in order to pass laws by incorporating these treaties into the Constitution of India, to protect them. the Khasi Jaintia Hills and the Nation.
However, political parties are prohibited from opening any building if it can attract voters, if it is in this way the model conduct will work.
Even if you pass the ranks of Engineer in various lines, you will find that you are late for jobs and you have to stay at home and spend a lot of time, energy and money just to apply for jobs.
Because of the refusal to speak, the opposition left the House as a sign of protest.
You are a jar jar person.
There have been 14 recoveries today, 1 from East Jaintia Hills, 1 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from Ri Bhoi and 1 from West Garo Hills. There are 83338 people to date.
Roykupar Synrem said that in 2006, the government issued a notice when there were only nine districts at that time and in 2013, when there were only nine districts, the government issued a notice. The DCs were appointed as the lamphangs and the Superintendent of Police as the lamphangs.
After inspecting the market, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh said that the market is the best place to provide convenience to the farmers of the area, but it is necessary to encourage the farmers to bring their products. and they went to the market.
The KSU has expressed its deep regret that while the KSU is preventing the free entry of foreigners, the Labor Department is delaying the issuance of Work Permits to foreigners. The labor department's actions have put the employers in trouble.
On the other hand, the BSF, on seeing that the Bangladeshis came to quarry stone from the Ranikor River, they chased them away and in this chase, the Bangladeshis ran into the water to escape to Bangladesh and left the Bangladeshis. The smuggling of stone by Bangladeshis from parts of India is frequent.
Thousands of children of the Hima Myllien were present to witness this ceremony to thank and bow down to the 'lei Lum Shyllong, along with the elderly, the children of the Raid Mylliem who were present. This thanksgiving ceremony was held at Lum Shillong.
The CEM said that he is saddened to know that there are those who work hard and there are those who are not happy. responsible for leading the EC also have a great responsibility for the staff of the Council.
During the meeting, the discussion focused on the financing of the Smart City, for which Shillong has been selected.
Shillong, July 31: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has taken more action in this election by deploying inspectors in all places as the commission knows that there is money laundering in the election. “It's a shame but it can't do anything if the people are not willing to cooperate,” said the Chairman of the Expenditure Office of the MLA candidates. All the residents of the village have joined hands and asked the residents to inform the Election Commission if there are any people who give or distribute money.
Speaking to reporters.
He said that as of now, even the Chinese people support the demands of the Tibetans.
Shillong, Jymmang O1: The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Shillong, on Tuesday said that they have received a tip that a man who identified himself as Dinesh Roy has a mobile no. .08416085170 claiming to be an agent of Guwahati Paltan Bazar, and the company's Shillong office in Paltan Bazar.
Before the meeting at 12 noon there will be a traditional song and dance competition for the school children, a Penalty Shoot-out and a song by the famous musicians of our State. Snowwhite is from Shillong.
Many government departments do not disclose the names of sub-contractors and details of JJM, PMGSY, NREGA, suppliers and others as these contractors belong to some political parties.
The Secretary of KJCLF, Rev EH Kharkongor, congratulated the KJCLF on its Independence Day. The nation, the country, the state has faced many challenges one by one and as Christian leaders we have an understanding that as leaders we have a great responsibility to bring about something good, hope for the future. good obvious.
On the sudden death of Dr Zaman, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, sent his condolences to the family of Dr Zaman and prayed that his soul may rest in peace. eternal rest.
The total number of people who have tested positive for COVID-19 has risen to 94881, the total number of recoveries has risen to 92727 and the death toll has risen to
The budget session of the KHADC for the fiscal year 2024-2025 has been postponed to 11/3/2024 due to the three-day Monolith Festival. The ban will continue on the 7th and end on the 9th of this month.
The JSU said that it is true that the JHADC is facing many financial problems, but to hear such words from the CEM as the head of the Council in The face of the majority of the people is unimaginable and sad and it has really disappointed the country and the nation as a whole which has entrusted to the Council to look after and preserve the customs and traditions, the the land and the uniqueness of the Jaitbynriew as a whole as empowered under the 6th Scheduled of the Constitution of India.
The first Nalanda University, founded about 1600 years ago, was one of the first universities in the world to also have a student residence.
One of the measures that the government will take in addition to those it has already prepared is that the government will go to the central government to demand that the Representation of People's Act should be amended to ensure that foreigners do not enter the country. to have the right to vote.
The work, not only now but since he has associated himself with the party since the past years.
Therefore, the Seng has suspended these workers and has dismissed them immediately.
He said that the union sees that this issue is important for the patients because if they need blood, the patients have to rush to Shillongtang for blood, so it is right. The government should look into this so that it does not cause any problems to the patients.
The Chief Minister of Assam said that the meeting today will be held to go beyond the mutual respect on the border to resolve the issue which has been going on for decades. to resolve this issue.
The Prime Minister said that in the beginning there will be many challenges but only those who work hard will reach the goal.
The 23rd Battalion of the Assam Riffle under the command of the IGAR (East) together with the Mizoram Police have seized such weapons in the past. to seize 33 firearms.
The purpose of the meeting was to discuss the government's plan to open the export market at Tamabil Dawki.
With the victory of the UDP in the 23-Sohiong (ST) Assembly Constituency, the number of MLAs in the NPP-led MDA government has risen to 46 in the 60-member Assembly, the NPP , UDP 12, HSPDP 2, BJP 2, Independent
These Non-Tribals who have received Trading Licenses have trading properties in the following villages: Byndihati-1, Chiehruphi-7, Caroline Colony-1, Dawki-3, Dkhiah East-32, Dkhiah West-6, Ialong. -2, Iawmusiang- 59, Khliehriat-17, Khliehriat East-78, Khliehriat West- 116, Ladrymbai-11, Ladrymbai B-158, Ladrymbai Datsimpein-102, Ladrymbai Dongwah- 85, Khlieh-8m, Ladrytha-1 Ladryponi -41.
Replying, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that this is not the responsibility of the state government, but the responsibility of the central government where the MPs are the chairs to run the government. this meeting which he attended the MP understands this.
The UGC Act 1956 allows the Central Government to recognize any institution other than universities to receive the status of 'Institution Deemed to be University' as defined in the Act. Section 2(f).
This place is cleaned twice a day but nothing can be done because these market dwellers throw their garbage in the same place.
In fact, the interest rate is 9 percent, but the central government will pay 5 percent and the farmers will pay only 4 percent.
This is the BRICS U-12 International Youth Football Tournament.
Shanborlang Wartde will be the fourth Father from Rangmaw.
As an initial step, the scheme has received 600 proposals from 600 applicants.
The aim is to flow the wealth in terms of mineral resources from East Jaintia Hills to the northern states,” he said.
To fight against the use of plastic bags, KHADC has passed the Solid Waste Management Bills but the bill has come back and the office has already corrected the shortcomings. They will be brought back to the House in the next session of the House.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: Police of East Jaintia Hills District today at about 9 pm raided a coal mine at Umshong on suspicion of carrying firearms.
At the same time, Bah Diral said that he has already requested information through Right to Information (RTI) on the MDC scheme which has been implemented at this cost of T.133 crore. do what is necessary.
Through the complaint, the CWC, Shella Block has convicted the killers of Ishan Singh and Sujit Dutta.
On this occasion, the MSOA has also prepared free tshirts only for those who arrive first on the morning of the race. provided for all participants.
The tournament which started on 11th November 2023 at the Second Ground Polo Ground, Shillong, was attended by teams from all over the districts of Khasi and Jaintia Hills including Dkhiah from Nongstoin. Nongpoh in Ri Bhoi District, Mawsynram in East Khasi Hills District, Jowai in West Jaintia Hills District and Mawkyrwat in South West Khasi Hills District.
It is learned that the office today sent its personnel to inspect the villages affected by the natural disaster. to get a clear estimate of how many homes were affected.
Police have recovered an AK-47 rifle from the deceased.
and live by agriculture to fill the household, but turn away and wander in darkness and despair.
Therefore, the election committee of the KSU invites all its members and paradoh parasnam to attend the ceremony.
On this day, the chiefs of the Hima, the Syiems, the Rangbah Shnongs and the children of the thousands from all over the Hima have gathered.
The earthquake occurred in the northeastern part of Assam.
Another employment opportunity is to do value addition to the agricultural products produced in their villages, therefore he urged the youth not to lose hope if they do not get government jobs but to look after the agriculture sector. which cannot judge them.
This decision was taken at a public meeting held on the 3rd of this month at Madan Iewrynhep, Laitumkhrah. buh now for many many years.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma has sent his condolences to the family of Bah Rowell Lyngdoh Symbut. The party has donated many gifts and prayed that God will grant him eternal rest.
Shillong, Lber 18: U Vincent H Pala, MP candidate of the Congress party from 1-Shillong Parliamentary Constituency today appealed for the support of the people for the MP election to be held on the 11th of this month. of June 2019.
Nongpoh, Nailur 11: Police in Ri Bhoi District today arrested seven persons who came through the Guwahati Shillong highway for carrying counterfeit money on their bodies.
The victims were identified as Sengnam N. Marak, Kalam R. Marak, Corporal Commander, Gikdik Momin and Bhatnagar R. Marak.
On the same day, the residents of Dangar area in the evening welcomed the new MLA of Mawsynram Constituency and held a ceremony to honor Bah Himalaya Shangpliang. The meeting was attended by the people of the area including other ethnic groups in the border area.
Through the Tiger, Lion and Elephant Projects, in recent years, India has been able to increase the number of these animals that play an important role in the environment.
Foreign Ministry spokesman Wang Wenbin said Li Hui, China's Special Representative for Eurasian Affairs, Previously as Ambassador to Moscow, he will also visit Poland, France and Germany in connection with this work.
The Seng also urges the authorities of schools, colleges and universities to enforce this order of the Ministry of Education.
The state government has passed a resolution to demand ILP, implement it first and then talk about the railway line, because we urgently need laws to protect the railway line”.
Despite the poverty and the lockdown due to the fight against Covid-19, the Primary Unit of the UDP party in Mawpran village under Pynursla Constituency has been able to distribute foodgrains to 120 households in Mawpran Nonglyndiang today.
“This is an important example for the community to work together and it will also be good news for the state.
The government has focused on the health care of women and children.
Police have seized the heroin in front of the people who were present at the shop as witnesses.
Shillong, June 06: The Confederations of Meghalaya Social Organizations (CoMSO) has left for the 1st North East People's Conference 2019 at Imphal, Manipur from 1-4-19 to 3-4-2 The meeting was invited by various Sengbhalang of the North Eastern Region and organized by MANPAC, Manipur.
Police have admitted that the HNLC has committed its crimes through VOIP and Social Medai. If you want to become a friend of the HNLC members, please inform the police or block them. their name.
He said this is the largest scheme in Garo Hills.
The complaint came from all over the districts and areas of Shillong.
Other speakers were Uggen Tshewang from Buddhism in his speech on the teachings of Buddha. to strengthen the unity of all nations.
Bad and Bah Swir King.
There are 10,99,517 lakh male voters and 11,27,047 lakh female voters in Meghalaya.
: The employees of the Ministry of Education under the umbrella of the All Meghalaya SSA Non-Teaching Staff Association (AMSSANTSA) have failed to fulfill the promise of the Minister of Education, Rakkam A. Sangma. On Thursday, they decided to continue their protest programs after the expiry of the 15 days suspension from the State Government.
Trade between these countries will grow to US $100 billion in the next five years, three times higher than before the pandemic.
In the current MDA government, government employees have not received their arrears, MeECL, MCCL, SSA teachers have not received their salaries. On the other hand, the MPYC leader said that MLAs belong not only to the constituency but also to the state as a whole.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Bah MS Lhuid, said that the roof of the school was damaged by the storm. the town to hold a temporary school on one site until the school building is completed.
Dhyanada Charan Sharma has passed away at the age of 90. He spent 70 years in public service and was the pioneer of the light crematorium in Mawprem. .
This allegation shows that as a leader of the people he does not understand the Constitution of India, and does not understand the customs and traditions of the people and the ways and means how to preserve and strengthen their culture and customary practices. of Hynniewtrep ) and to comply with the provisions of the Constitution of India.
A mother has lodged a complaint with the South West Garo Hills District Police that her 16-year-old daughter has been missing since the 11th of this month from Modokpara village in Mahendraganj district. police station.
Today November 27: Today Govt.
The purpose of the Eucharistic procession is to worship, sing, praise and thank God who loves us to the end and who gave Himself to us through His Body and Blood.
Referring to the 2-Tura (ST) Parliamentary Constituency, he said that there has been a problem in the network and it is expected that when they reach the right places the network will increase. get all the counting.
On this occasion, the Minister honored the BDO of Mawkynrew C&RD Block Bah WB Marbaniang and all the 67 Sordars of this Block who have also received the Swachh Bharat Award. Mission.
As parents, they would like to thank all those who have helped their son in this journey.
On the other hand, the speakers said that it will be difficult to get the recognition of any party in the House if they don't have a leader. earth.
Shillong, March 14: The Congress party has held a meeting at Congress Bhavan today to discuss the mid-term MDC elections to be held in November.
Why doesn't the government invite the Rangbah Shnong or Sordar to discuss this?
This is based on the patients’ preferences of where they want to go.
When investigated by the school authorities, it was found that there were three employees who had embezzled the money from the school fees and they were FG Daimari, accountant, Supriyo Biswa. Rishot Shanpru, Assistant Accountant, Banteibah Niangti and Dhurbajeet Dey, all employees of the school, were found to have misused the money.
Shillong, Lber 08: U Minister of Home Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, in reply to the Zero Hours of Bah Phlastingwell Pangniang regarding the overturning of vehicles in Nongspung in which many people lost their lives. of life and many were injured.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The Border Security Force (BSF) from 193 Battalion on Saturday arrested 13 Bangladeshis who had entered India near Sonatola village in East Khasi Hills District. They were arrested and charged with going to Kashmir.
On the state of India's economy, the Minister said that in 2014 the responsibility to improve the economy and bring about order in the working methods of the Government has been heavy. well, and said that this Government had succeeded in this task by following the firm belief in 'The First Country'.
The meeting of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya with Ashay in Pune today has raised many questions on the relationship between the NPP and the famous Hindi film star in India.
“The time has come for us to ensure that the poor in India receive good and affordable health services,” he said.
The officers were brought in thanks to the hard work and initiative of the MLA of the area, Bah Himalaya Shangpliang who led the officers of the Water Resources Department including the Executive Engineer PK Hajong. and two SDOs including Bah WL Nari and Bah C Kynjing who is also the SDO in charge of Dangar. The meeting was held at the Multipurpose Hall in Dangar on Monday.
In his speech, OP Agarwal said that it is not enough to give a holiday on this day, but the government through the Education Department should include special holiday in the textbooks about the great men of Meghalaya so that the children schools do not learn to know the bravery of the leaders of the past who dared to fight against the British Empire.
“We therefore request to allow some of the women members of our group, who are Viksit Bharat Ambassadors from the tribal state of Meghalaya, to present the Policy Document and Framework for Implementation to the Prime Minister and at the UCIL office in New Delhi.
About 30 factories in Byrnihat area took part in the camp.
Similarly, the word Tar in the word tar means to tar kpong in the ksaw ka kpong, that is, to tar the tor of a blang or cow to see the signs and also to dkhat the members of the lamjew in the sacrifice of the sacrifice.
Speaking to explain to the new office bearers of HANM in Umlping at the meeting held at the Dorbar Shnong, Ubah Lamphrang said that as the youth we have a heavy responsibility to carry the burden of the country. of the nation.
The total number of recoveries is
Shillong, Jymmang 29: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the government has decided to ban shooting teams and any other sports that do not require human interaction.
Any issue demanded by voters should be provided.
Upon receiving this accreditation, these institutions will be considered high schools.
According to an order issued by the District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills on 28th November 2023, all Shillong Tourist Taxis operating to Guwahati from 1st November 2023 must park their vehicles. Private vehicles will not be allowed to park in this parking lot.
In this regard, the contractors want to get a written notice.
The Prime Minister said that agriculture is one of the most important sectors in improving the income of the people as this sector is one of the most employable sectors for the people and farmers. there needs to be a special place in government control.
As we know, Bah Alexander L. Hek, Minister of State from the BJP, has also complained about this issue during the Cabinet meeting but the Government has not listened,” said Kong Pariat in a statement. .
She said that the government's working methods in relation to people with disabilities are inadequate and inadequate. The parent associations are disappointed to see this action of the government.
Shillong, July 04: The Dorbar Shnong Mission today inaugurated the 100th Anniversary of the Combined Amateur Club (CAC).
Stating that Nalanda was once the center of India's culture and traditions, Minister Duh said the meaning of Nalanda is the continuous journey of knowledge and education and that this has been the Indian system and attitude towards education.
“We are thinking of the Council, if we don't support the NPP, the Governor will come to power.
He urged the students not to make the libraries not only a place to store books, but to take it as a source of digital information outside the information centres.
There are 17 cases in East Khasi Hills, 14 cases in Ri Bhoi and 3 cases in Ri Bhoi.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: A clash between Meghalaya Police and suspected GNLA members took place at Lai Nala near Nongjri today. happen during the day.
He said that as he had promised during the elections, he had already brought talks with the government to convert synsar and sla tyrpad as agricultural products from the markhlaw which the riwar areas eat from these plants.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The Finance Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNLC), Bah Wankupar Marwei, today appointed Bahhep Traisiej He today surrendered before the Director General of Police, R Chandranathan.
Shillong, March 22: Shillong, March 22: More than 1,000 people have gathered to listen to the songs of various singers at the two-day concert sponsored by the government. it was held in Hyderabad.
The new roads connecting to Nongkhlaw Village, West Khasi Hills District which have been allocated funds by the State Government for the preparation of the Samla Synod Sepngi in Nongkhlaw Village in 2023 have remained empty. They were not employed after the end of the Synod.
Shillong, Jymmang 1: The Meghalaya Joint Council Trade Union (MJCTU) today celebrated May Day to commemorate the workers.
“Ka seng in a statement said that it strongly condemns the police who have arrested members of the party across the country as perpetrators.
His love for teaching has made him famous especially among the students.
“Where will our children eat when we don't get paid?  What shall we do for our children? If the Government does not pay the salary for the months we have worked, we have decided to stop going to school until the Government pays the salary,” she said.
The banners wrote that drug abuse not only destroys the individual but also affects the family, income and many other aspects of the community as well.
It is reported that there was no accident this morning.
The deaths from 25 July 2020 to 22 June 2021, 69 in East Khasi Hills, 59 in West Khasi Hills, 11 in South West Khasi Hills, 96 in West Jaintia Hills, 78 in Ri Bhoi .
In his speech, Bah Rhembor Saibon congratulated the vision of the Samla Rangbah of the area who have come forward to join hands and serve through this Seng.
Besides these two Himas, the Deputy CEM also presented a report on the removal of the Syiem of Mawsynram Hima, Amossingstar Malangniang. Beards.
The Prime Minister urged the people to cooperate with the government for the delivery of development works to the villages.
: it means to be strong; to follow others; to be strong and to do exactly what others do.
With her assumption of office, Rebecca will also become the Chairperson of the State Vigilance Commissioner from today.
They are also ready to take action against the members of the Sengbhalang of Ri Lum Khasi-Jaintia if anything happens to Mynder one day.
Meanwhile, the directive of the Sahitya Akademi is that the State Sabha Academy should be an autonomous body.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya said that the meeting has decided that the border demarcation will be based on history, the number of people living there, the ability to service, promptness, more specialized is according to the feelings of the people and their continuity in the area.
In request for clarification and comments, the village, raid and Hima rulers expressed their concern over the lack of explanation regarding the Kur, Shnong, Raid and Hima Dorbars. These days there is no clarity on the traditional rule from Dorbar Kur, Village Raid to Hima under the Constitution of India.
Shillong, Naitung 27: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has approved the increase in the salaries of the CEM, EMs, Chairman and Deputy Chairman and MDCs. you have to spend more than 100 lakh tyngka every month.
Shillong, Nailar 20: The Nongkhlaw Kur today handed over the land of the Kur at Themiew Mawlong to the Hima Mylliem.
According to the statement, Bah Lakhon joined the BJP on the basis of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi's commitment to make India corruption free.
Both the two Ministers discussed the further strengthening of multilateral relations in areas such as trade and investment, debt and people-to-people relations between the two countries.
In this regard, it is necessary to work together and respect each other.
Shillong, July 14: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Laban Circle on Saturday approved the work permit for the construction of a new building at Sankerdev College.
The BSF has intensified its crackdown on smugglers of cattle to curb smuggling on the border with Bangladesh.
Before the Wangala festival, in the households, they hold a phirat prayer by placing jhur at the door and throwing a white dakshin in front of the door with rice. the Wangala ceremony in the villages according to the arrangement.
Seven cases have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills including a woman who owns a shop in Rilbong. more putting the healthcare system at risk.
She said that the new EC will now fight hard and monitor the pending bill.
Shillong, Lber 14: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, while presenting the Budget for the year 2021-2022 in the House, today announced that the three District Councils in Meghalaya will receive T.711 crore. The Finance Commission of the Central Government.
Shillong, March 02: The District Social Welfare Officer, Shillong, together with the office of the District Medical and Health Officer, Shillong, today celebrated the Day of the Deceased. The International Day of Older Persons was celebrated on the 1st March 2022 at the Mawkdok Dorbar Hall, Laitkroh, Khatarshnong C&RD Block.
After receiving the explanation from all, Bah Shangpliang urged the Rangbah Shnongs to inform the villages and also the VECs of the villages to create the mechanisms how to to continue to carry out good works in the villages.
It was made clear that this scheme will exclude state government employees as well as central government employees.
Shylla said.
Although the Government of India recognizes and knows these rights, at this time we are facing problems with laws from outside Parliament which are ready to violate these rights through those. The laws of the Hima Khasi States have not been passed.
She also expressed the ability of the committee to conduct this program so that those who will attend this training program will be encouraged and improve in their studies in these days and years. come.
According to a statement sent by the Chief Organizer of these four circles, Bah B.Syiemlieh, after five days of appeal to the police department to release the three members of the Seng. who have been arrested and to stop the search for the leaders and members of the party.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed 7 recoveries out of 59 cases in East Khasi Hills. 8, Ri Bhoi District
The total budget for the project is T.5 crore.
This is according to a message posted on the Twitter account of the police department tonight.
That can only be achieved if the people themselves do not change themselves by consulting and judging before electing their candidates for the seats in the State Legislative Assembly.
A team led by Sub-Inspector BD Sangma on Tuesday cut down the trees that threatened a house in Babupara, Tura to ensure that the occupants of the house will not suffer any damage. the day is not coming.
The last day of the 10-month celebration in Shillong was held at the office of the Advocate General (A&E), Shillong on 24th November 2023. Shillong gave a speech on the uniqueness of this program and the role of the CAG teams in bringing responsibility according to their responsibilities as explained in the CAG. Constitution of the country.
To convene the Dorbar on the 19th April, 2013 at 11 am at Shillong to continue the discussion on these amendments to the Sixth Schedule.
“In particular, the Seng urges all the Khasi people to stop employing foreigners and start employing Khasi as part of our fight against and protection against the infiltration of foreigners into the country. our beloved country," the statement said.
The Durga Puja festival has also become a festival in which all religions can come and go to visit the pandals from one pandal to another.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister urged the people to strive to maintain peace and order for the sake of income growth.
Shillong, July 04: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today met with a delegation of the 15th Finance Commission which arrived in Shillong. The Government of Meghalaya has submitted to the Commission the budget of the state for the next five years of T.82,815 crore.
The Minister in charge of GAD, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, has taken the initiative to ensure that all the files are in order. The government has been working hard to complete this house which has been a source of concern for the government in the past years.
Hundreds of supporters of these two parties have blown ksieng ka dhah at the venue to welcome the leaders who have been able to stop the CAB which the people of the North East have voted for. The north of India does not accept it at all.
The post of chairman of the commission has become vacant after the chairman of the commission, Anan Kumar, was appointed to other states and asked the government to dismiss him.
“Besides the difficulties in traffic, this road in Jaintia Hills is very bad but the people from the passengers to the residents, now eat the smoke and garbage.
Those who attended the meeting agreed on three High Level Principles to 'develop public affairs bodies and authorities to prevent and fight corruption.
Shillong, Naitung 02: The teachers of St Edmund's College (MCTA) have staged an indefinite strike under the Lama of St Edmund's College to demand the re-appointment of Bah Jefferysan. Wahlang as a teacher of the College.
Drome said that the dispute started in 2001 and after 40 years the court has decided against these four families on the ownership of the land where they live and live. rep that riang until now.
According to the office of the Directorate of Health and Services (MI), the drugs have been expired and cannot be used during the COVID-19 pandemic.
The flag raising ceremony started from Thomas Jones Synod College, the march went to Jowai, through Iewmusiang. a clean city and to encourage the people to keep Jowai clean and tidy.
Speaking at a public meeting at the NSCA Mini Stadium at Pahamsyiem, Ribhoi District, Rahul Gandhi said the purpose of the march was to unite the people of the country. He also criticized the BJP Government for its reluctance to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Khyrnit Baphra of the Constitution. India also condemned the smuggling of coal into the state which has affected the residents who earn their living from this industry.
The body was taken to Tirot Singh Memorial Civil Hospital, Mairang. The identity of the suspect is still unknown and the investigation into the incident is ongoing. .
The Congress party has allocated T.90 crore for 40 years from 2002 to 2011. The party has allocated T.90 crore for the 40 years from 2002 to The National Herald has spent T.90 crore and T.67 crore.
The census shall include the population of the Seng Kur Rynjah and shall be announced before the Dorbar Kur every year.
Besides Kishan, four other cricketers from Meghalaya have won awards.
He said with the use of computers in the PACS, the government has made the PACS more involved and empowered them to operate as FPOs (Farmer Producer Organisations).
The union said that if the number of passengers is only half, commercial vehicles can charge more, but if the number of passengers is as usual at all times, the fare should not be higher.
It may be recalled that in the past few days, the Chief Minister, Symbut, has said that if any of the people of the state are stranded abroad, they have to inform the Indian Embassies. don't have that Ri.
The shopkeeper said that the song in front of the shop came out of the house and this shocked the people and this happened at noon.
Within the Containment Zone, the relevant measures shall be followed as approved by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Central Government.
On the other hand, Bah Banteidor said that the Meghalaya government has set a goal that football is the top priority among all sports.
These teams have scored 10 points in this match because they have scored 10 points.
When the 27-Nongstoin Constituency was taken over, the villages under the South West Khasi Hills were removed and merged with the 26-Langrin Constituency.
Or divide them into one for women and one for men.
This special celebration was held for three consecutive days.
: The Expert Committee on the State Reservation Policy, Meghalaya, which held its second meeting on Saturday, has decided to issue a public notice for consultation/comment on the State Reservation Policy.
The government has purchased rice from the FCI to sell to the public to relieve the shortage of rice in the markets and the rice can be transported from the FCI warehouses. The FCI is still in talks with the FCI to transport the Khaw.
James also informed the union that the government will soon invite companies to start the construction of the Shillong Medical College.
PN Syiem said that on this occasion, the KHADC has invited the ethnic groups from Garo Hills and Jaintia Hills to showcase their traditional handicrafts and as well as their native food.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said the decision was taken on the conduct of the Class 12 examinations with the welfare of the students in mind.
The schemes which have started now are to build 1000 toilets in nine villages and to draw drinking water in Nongtrai village at a cost of T.5.94 crore and for the construction of school buildings T.5.94 crore. T.2.33 crore and for agriculture and forestry T.5.22 crore.
He said that after many years since the formation of the APHLC, after being merged into the HPU and merged into the UDP, they have never got a house to set up an office for the party. It is expected that the work is in progress and it will be opened in November this year.
The presence of these tree bridges is not only in one district but in all 11 districts.
Prestone said there will be at least three or seven such committees along the border with Bangladesh and these committees will meet from time to time to understand each other.
The agreement was signed in 1978 where the government has to appoint people from the Hima in the posts of Grade III, Grade IV and Khalasi. were full-time government employees but unfortunately one of them passed away in
During the raid, the Joint Action Committee has seized and returned many trucks carrying excessive loads.
The Government has allowed them to set up a group to manage these markets according to their knowledge and to have rules so that no one can take advantage of such markets. full authority was given to the farmers to manage.
However, after a while, the Assam Police fired tear gas at the Pnars who were running in the farmland in Tahpat to disperse the Pnars who came out to fight against the Karbi.
He said this during his visit to Shillong where he held a meeting with Government officials from the Social Welfare Department and NGOs. the side of the power of the people.
One of the driver's licenses was in the name of Soikholen Hookip.
On this occasion , a Song Tyngka was donated by the members and residents of the Dong as part of the donation to Samla Nehemaya Tyngkan This is part of the ceremony to honor this young man of the village who has dared to fight against other candidates who are rich even though he comes from a poor family.
These groups are those sheep in sheep's clothing who love the nation just to gain fame and defame the KSU which has stood firm for 46 years to be the stronghold of the Khasi nation.
Shillong, July 06: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has condemned the statement of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District that the police have not arrested the members of the KSU especially in the district. This is in conflict with the actions of the police of Ri Bhoi district, because they have searched for the members and leaders of the party. that member.
He said the HNLC has received complaints from the people of Block I and Block II that they have been insulted by the Karbi Anglong rebels. Meghalaya should turn to Assam because their problem is with the Assam government.
Shillong, June 11: The Minister of Water Resources, Dr RC Laloo, in reply to a question by Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit MLA of Nongkrem, said that the government will soon have a policy on the water supply. keep the water in this state.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Sanbor Shullai expressed his gratitude to the government of Dr Mukul Sangma for allocating funds for the school in The government of Conrad K Sangma has taken the initiative to complete this work on time.
The 26 students, students of Himalayan Pharmacy Institute and two students of Sikkim Manipal Institute of Technology, Majitar, East Sikkim, arrived at the Inter State Bus Terminal, Mawiongrim, Shillong on Saturday at about 6 pm. :45 pm after a 24-hour journey since they left Sikkim at 5 pm on Tuesday.
When invited to explain the implementation of the site if they get it, the KHADC responded to the request of the Center of Learning Knowledge and Services from Shillong.
In a letter sent today, Pyndap said, “When you resigned, you addressed your letter to me as the President of the Seng. This means that I am still the leader.
As the village leader, he also wished all the leaders and office bearers of the KSU to have a healthy body and also to reach the goal of rising from the KSU. from time to time in the service of the people of the district and also of the state in order to revive the country and the nation as a whole.
He said that Nongkrem has once again made history because it is the first time that there is only one candidate from this constituency while in the past many candidates have applied for ticket. Bah John F Kharshiing has encouraged many to think again to get a suitable candidate and urged the supporters who have come from all over the country for the MLA election The Congress candidate from Nongkrem Constituency.
