Many places in the world are in insecurity.
Dr Mukul said that the Congress party will take all necessary measures to ensure that those involved in the looting of the state are protected. they shall be punished according to the rules of the law.
From other sources, it is understood that although the government is ready to call for talks on this issue, JACATAM will not hesitate but they are ready to talk to the government. The government has not sent any letter to the leaders of JACATAM to speak.
Employees of the Shillong Municipal Board today covered themselves with rain covers to collect the garbage of Shillong, which is located around the Secretariat Hills Shillong.
These office bearers were confirmed by the Organizing Secretary of KSU-CEC Raymond Kharjana.
Shillong, Naitung 09: Students who have passed special in agriculture who have been sent by the state government to study today held a protest at the State Central Liberary, Shillong.
Shillong, Nailur 08: A man was rescued from a petrol pump on the highway in East Khasi Hills District today.
He said that many of the students who passed from this institution have got government jobs and those who still want to study have gone to NEHU. government authorities in accordance with the provisions of law.
On 24th June 2016, the Cabinet of the Government of Meghalaya has decided to demand from the Government of India to exempt Meghalaya from the Coal Mines Nationalization Act 1973 and other Acts. The Rules of the State and expressed their gratitude to the State Government for taking such a decision, this is a violation of the right to ownership under the IOA & AA. There are still many Acts and Rules which have been passed by Parliament since the past which have affected the rights but due to the sleep of the people as a nation these laws have become more and more widespread.
These new rules will not affect the people, he said.
In this regard, Ms Macdalyn said that the KHADC has already sent its complaints against the announcement of the central government on 7/8/2020 and the issues that the KHADC opposes. The EIA, 2020 is 12 years old.
After the death of Rev Bishop Vincent Kympat, Archbishop Dominic Jala visited Shillong from Shillong. Archbishop Thomas Menamparambill visited the state. Rev. Bishop Victor Lyngdoh officiating.
The body of Bah Skot, who is also known as Ieit, has been brought to Shillong today amidst the deep sorrow of the father of the family. son, and all that are in the house.
As a rule, periodic reporting on the activities, adherence to the rules is brought before the participants of the NEVF and other groups in a systematic manner.
Earlier, the Chief Minister had said that it is not easy to take a decision because it will cost more than hundreds of crores of rupees and if the government takes a decision it will have to take it together. The government has directed the education department to look into this.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The meeting of the North East Students' Organization (NESO) held in Guwahati on Monday this month has decided to demand that the central government should arrest those who killed Nido Taniam The National Students Union (NESO) has also demanded the arrest of those who assaulted a girl from Manipur in New Delhi.
Speaking to reporters, Prestone said that this announcement will come into force from 5.00 pm on 1/05/2021 to 5.00 pm on 10/05/2 area will work in these three places.
Under the theme, “Celebrating Inclusivity,” the ECI said that the Lok Sabha elections will be held in a fair and impartial manner.
He said that at present there are only two shelter homes in the state, one in Shillong and one in Nongstoin. get a special place for them.
The NH-44, which connects parts of Assam and other states like Tripura and Mizoram, has been empty today with no vehicles moving.
Anurag Singh Thakur said that this is the first time that the first film has been screened before the opening ceremony at IFFI. Tomorrow until the premiere of the films.
The 20th edition of the tournament will be held at the Saw Aiom Swimming Pool in Shyiap and the purpose of this tournament is to encourage the youth who have just entered the electoral roll to take part in the tournament. vote of the country.
He said India is the oldest, oldest and most efficient democracy and this is still bringing order and peace around the world.
Dr Ravindra Verma, Managing Director, TransAsia Infrastructure Group, the contractor, explained how the discussions were successful. Gadkari's has been an important part of the improvement of existing roads and the budget will be $1 billion in US dollars and most of the jobs are in India.
NPP MLA James K Sangma, who is also a member of the MPF, said that the recent seizure of power by traders in Garo Hills has led to a great deal of unrest and the emergence of insurgent groups in Garo Hills. it is excessive and this government has done nothing for it.
The bodies of the children were taken to Civil Hospital Tura for post mortem.
The presence of the party in the border area with Bangladesh is to monitor the entire area.
In a statement sent by the HNLC leader, Bah Nongtraw said that they have done this because of his struggles against the party. year 2008.
“The DEO has also banned the holding of protests such as strikes, processions, rallies and others to be held by several different groups in the district.
The Prime Minister said that the price of these Tika vaccines is T.300 per Tika vaccine. The government has decided to distribute the Tika vaccines to the public. all those who are eligible to receive this Tika vaccine.
In her speech, the principal of the school, Kong S Kharkongor, congratulated these students who have brought glory to the school and this will also be an example for other students to follow. follow your example.
The Government will amend the Lokayukta Act, 2013 and introduce a new one in accordance with the Lok Pal Bill introduced in Parliament in November
He said that there will be a collaboration with the people in the collection and distribution of nuit.
The Dorbar Shnong Mawthlong Mynsaiñ has held a public meeting after the police arrested these three persons for further investigation into the incident on Saturday. on Social Media.
Prof. Prabha Shankar Shukla said that as the VC of NEHU he does not have the authority to invite the MCTA leaders to discuss their opposition to the implementation of the NEP from this year and the MCTA does not have the authority either. He said that as the VC of NEHU he has held many meetings with the Principals of Colleges, teachers, students and civil society but so far the MCTA has not come forward. “I am ready to talk to the MCTA if they come forward but so far they have not come but only the Principals, Sengbhalang leaders including KSU, HYC, FKJGP and The students of NEHU have come to talk to me and all of them have agreed to continue the implementation of the NEP from this year,” he said.
It is the responsibility of the government to report such deaths in police stations to the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC). .
Furthermore, due to the increase in the number of COVID cases, the Secretaries, HoDs have been empowered to reduce the attendance of Government employees in view of the need for them to come to work and the number of cases in their departments. .
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The National Khasi Union (NKU) has worked hard to monitor the distribution of foodgrains from the Supply Department of the State in each district by requesting information through RTI from the Supply Department of the State. Regarding the distribution of food items , the NKU leaders did not hesitate and continued to visit each district to find out whether the people have received the food items the right as applied by the government.
I had the opportunity to welcome him recently in Gujarat where he was the chief guest at the Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit
Shillong, Lber 25: The driver and passenger of the vehicle were injured in a fire at M/s Baman Service station in Nongrim Hills on Tuesday.
There was also an allegation that after the bombing of Mawphor's vehicle, the CrPF police tried to bomb the vehicles on the road in the area. tear gas to disperse the crowd due to the clashes of the CrPF police has caused panic among the crowd.
We congratulate all the government employees such as police, DCs, SDOs, C&RD Blocks, Banks, DIPRs and all the government employees who implemented the lockdown.
Speaking on the role of Space Technology in the development of the North East, Dr SP Aggarwal, Director, NESAC spoke about the efforts of the Indian Space Research Organization to transform the North East. India to one of the leading countries in these fields.
Two persons were seriously injured when a Scooty (ML05AB 8875) collided with a Bolero (ML04-B 5829).
The Chief Minister said that these two persons who tested positive this morning are those who are under quarantine in East Khasi District.
As the years go by, he starts increasing the investment and thus the income also starts increasing.
GNLA cadre Bande Ch Marak was arrested by the police on the 29th of last month near the hideout.
Tura, Lber 03: The internal strife of the ANVC(B) has emerged after the emergence of another rebel group of members of the party which they have named “Ka rebel group ANVC- B signed peace talks with the Government of Meghalaya on 5th July
Various organizations including the Vishwa Hindu Parishad, Bajrang Dal, RSS Women's Group, Vishva Hindu Parishad have expressed their protest against the damage to places of worship in Bangladesh.
Shillong, Nailar 26: The meeting of the office bearers of the MPCC was held today at Congress Bhawan, Thana Road, Shillong under the chairmanship of Bah DD Lapang.
With the aim of encouraging and motivating the children and youth of the kur, three students who passed the top in the HSSLC and SSLC 2018 examinations were honoured.
Regarding the proposal to appoint MDCs from other ethnic groups, they decided to oppose that other ethnic groups should not be allowed to appoint MDCs.
Shillong, July 18: A fire broke out in a shop in Dhakheti this morning causing heavy damage and police have estimated the total loss to Rs 3 crore.
“A person shall be examined before taking blood from the blood vessel for transfusion.
In his speech, KS Kropha Principal Secretary, Rural Development Department, said that the people in the villages turn to the Gran Sevaks for any information from the government. the public.
The price of PHH rice will be 4.999 kilo per month and the price will be 3 tyngka per kilo.
Sunil Boro, 33, of Dhupdhara, Assam Police, has arrested Sunil Boro, 33, from Dhupdhara and a Scotty number ASI8J-0181 used during the robbery. Kaltu Rabha, Turti Basumatary and Sahadev Basumatary escaped from the scene.
Regarding the CUET examination, he said that all the colleges in the state are affiliated with NEHU which belongs to the central government. the government may exempt the students from the examination.
Decades ago, the people were reluctant to call the English language 'liengsuiñ', but now it is widely accepted.
Police have registered a complaint at Sardar Police Station and have charged him under section 5 of the IPC and Section 5 of the Explosive Substance Act.
These awards were selected on the basis of skills in cooking, cleanliness, cleanliness, ability to attract people with dignity and other special skills in the field of relationships. and sells food and drink.
According to sources, the Hati came into the village at night and it is not known where he came from and destroyed 12 houses and crops especially to the Trun fruit.
On the other hand, the way of the cross reminds us that Jesus stands with and fights for the rejected and persecuted.
Shillong, November 02: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today announced that Meghalaya has received T.300 crore. For the improvement of tourist attractions, he announced to allocate T.50 lakh for the improvement of the site.
What is surprising is that at the time of selling the mine, it is necessary to inform the Government authorities in charge of the mining industry. Please inform us that you are using MINOR LIMESTONE.
Shibun said that the party has already sent a letter regarding the party's feelings from Meghalaya because it is sad to see such an incident. will happen in this state.
During the meeting, Manipur Governor Najma Heptulla recalled her close relationship with Conrad's father Purno Agitok Sangma in the past.
Shibun Lyngdoh President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit was also present on the occasion.
Professor of Social Work, Bah Randolph Langstieh, elderly women including those who received assistance from Bansara Eye Care, MSW students of St Edmund's College who took part in the research on diseases. Under the leadership of Samla Juster Lyngdoh, school children and others.
The Director of Health Services (DHS) today said that a man named Limatoshi Ao, 59, has died of COVID-19 at Bethany Hospital, Nongrimbah. The death toll has risen to
Replying to a question by Bah PT Sawkmie MLA Mawlai on the protection of workers to fight against COVID-19, Bah AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, said in the House that The Government has taken many measures to protect them by providing PPEs in accordance with the guidelines laid down by the Central Government.
The law enforcement authorities should have brought such people to severe punishment as they have been the reason why 17 people who wanted to attend the church but lost their lives and to others who have to suffer great pain.
“We will suspend the strike and wait for a reply from the Government and if their demand is not met we will announce the strike again,” said Melinda Shullai. The ticket counter at the MTC will reopen from tomorrow as usual.
He informed that during the discussions between the three parties, the Government has proposed some suggestions.
Shillong, Iaiong 07: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 1 person has tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District. don't go to the hospital for treatment.
Speaking at the donation ceremony, the Chief Minister said that Bah Ryntathiang has been a recipient of the Prime Entrepreneurship Scheme. he promised to help him on the journey.
This is the highest drug seizure in the fourth day in just 40 days, police said.
The celebration will be held at the JN Stadium in Polo. The celebration will be held at the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Congress Bhavan and other venues. parts also prepared by the villages and townships.
It will also ensure the export of goods from the North East.
By November 2022, this scheme will cover 1,55,000 health facilities.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: The KSU Balat Border Area Circle (KSU) has met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Kong Matsiewdor War regarding the delay in issuing the names and the inability to issue or renew the names of the residents. and buyers at Balat Border Market.
Freight trains carrying electric locomotives from other states have now reached Meghalaya.
The Khasi, Garo and Jaintia communities are the people who strengthen the country. He said that they should unite as one and improve the development of the people of Meghalaya.
“Special congratulations also go to those students who have reaped the fruits of victory by improving in their grades and subjects.
Under the NikshayPoshan Yojana (NPY), financial assistance has been provided to TB patients through Direct Benefit Transfer.
“In talks with the parents, we have directed them to send a petition with the names of the affected students and to request the NTA authorities to allow the students to write again. This is the same examination,” said Kong Blah.
He said that the people of this area are strong and the youth are talented.
There have been many suggestions but the main suggestion is to exempt the state from the draft Indian Forest Act (Amendment) Act 2019 under Article 244(2) of the Constitution of India. The Committee has also decided to remind the State Government of the Meghalaya Assembly Resolution dated 13 April 2000 which has decided to issue the FC Act 1980 from Meghalaya and others. others.
Police have seized a Scotty number ML05-Q-9828 and four phone numbers. Police are investigating to find out the shops. money and the search for others involved in this demand is ongoing.
It is learned that they have lodged a complaint with the Dorbar Shnong and they have called for a settlement but the alleged man has not been able to appear. The village leader, Bah Shlek Suting, said that they will not hesitate to ask for the help of the HYC to resolve this issue.
Perhaps it may be acceptable or rejected according to the understanding of the writers and if anyone has any suggestions to criticize for the sake of building the Khasi language it will be useful in the future.
To ensure that the KHADC officials should close down the shops without trading licenses, members of the HYC were also present on the occasion.
The two Dorbar Shnongs also congratulated the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma and the MDC Phasmon Dkhar for their hard work in achieving this aspiration of the people.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The KSU Umdohlun Circle has strongly criticized and alleged that the work of the two contractors on the Rangblang, Wahkaji to Phlangdiloin road has not been completed. The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has allocated T.4.5 crore for the construction of this road.
The AAMEF has decided to lodge a complaint with the Labor Commissioner in Guwahati to find out whether the problem of the newspapers is really a lack of funds.
The Meghalaya House Kolkata has brought about many changes in the world of Meghalaya, not only that but it has also brought about a 100% increase in price.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: A group of students of Kiang Nongbah Govt College led by KNJC President Precious Star Sten today submitted a memorandum to the Chief Secretary of the State Government. Speaking to reporters, Preciousstar Sten said that there is only one college in Jaintia Hills, which was established before Meghalaya got its independence. compete.
These teachers under the JACATCM group want the government to take the teachers to the government, but the government takes the schools to the government.
"The Bishop of Jowai Diocese, Most Rev. Ferdinand Dkhar, who gave a speech in Khasi, reminded the faithful that the visit of the Apostolic Nuncio, the leader of Pope Francis, The presence of Bishop Joachim Walder of Aizawl with the faithful from across the state and even abroad shows clearly that the Catholic Church is one and looks to Jesus as the supreme judge as the source and source of the you are loved.
Members of CoMSO carried placards with the demands for ILP, first at NEHU and then after he came to NIT Laitumkhrah.
If Bah Weljone Syiemlieh does not withdraw the money (1,40,00,000.00) for himself but for others, he shall not be subjected to any punishment or any penalty. method.
On the other hand, the party will not stand idly by until peace has come to Garo Hills.
The ceremony was held by the MSCSO at the hall of Step By Step Sec School, Wapung.
Before confirming these office bearers, Samla Marngar said that the ILP is still in force in Rilum Khasi Jaintia and this issue is still strong to demand from the government to implement it immediately according to the demands of the party. other organizations in our beloved Khasi Hills.
Mawsynram, November: The Syntein area is under the Mawsynram Hima and includes four villages: Kenmynsaw, Kenbah, Mawkaphan, Dongskong and Jympiat.
Satya Pal Malik, Governor of Bihar, has been transferred and appointed as Governor of Jammu and Kashmir.
“Once this Office Memorandum is issued, the recruitment process in the State will proceed,” he said.
Furthermore, there is freedom to change the nature of the scheme to be converted from a grant in kind to other types of grants.
The Information Technology Government of Meghalaya today distributed laptops to those students who passed their examinations in Class X and Class XII of the year 2016 in the examinations conducted by the MBOSE. , ICSE, ISC and Class XII examination conducted by the CBSE was held at Yojana Bhavan, Shillong.
To compete with other media groups and operate quickly, news aggregators rely heavily on publicly available information.
Letters sent to IBs and SBs are also through him.
At the meeting, Captain Praveen said that in November 1971, 10 million people from East Pakistan, now Bangladesh came to India. Although it knew that the United States and China would oppose it, India decided to liberate East Pakistan, now Bangladesh.
But if the father protects their illegal activities where is the future of the state? If the leaders do illegal deeds it is a great shame for the state and if our leaders do good deeds it is an honor for the people of Meghalaya.
Dr Amir Ali Khan also delivered a speech and a welcome speech was delivered by the Executive Director of Mawlong.
Jowai, July 02: The Seiñ Raij Jwai under the leadership of the President of the Seng, OR Challam, today celebrated the 150th Anniversary of the death of Kiang Nangbah. .
According to reports, the MDC of Umsning was on the ground floor of her house talking on the phone when suddenly she heard someone throwing stones at her and at that time she entered the house.
New Delhi, July 13: The Ministry of Information and Broadcasting today directed the media, electronic media and digital media to refrain from disseminating information about online gambling platforms.
Before issuing the Sanad, he must first receive an appointment so that he can act as a full-time Doloi.
The Secretary of the North Eastern Council (NEC) K. Moses Chalai on Friday said that the allocation for the North Eastern States has not been as expected.
Those who go out and about are also advised to stay away if possible, to stay away from crowded places, and in public places such as offices. avoid shaking hands.
“He announced that Myntri Rangbah Duh has written letters to all Gram Pradhans to encourage the participation of the people and to spread yoga to the rural areas.
“They have asked for time and they have said that they have promised to support the KHDA.
Wansuk has filed her nomination with the Secretary of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, H Mylliemngap after the Congress party has elected her as the candidate.
He said that if the prime minister does not call for a speech, they will hold another protest on the 12th of this month and said that they will hold a sit-in in front of the secretariat even if they do not get permission.
The thanks for the support to those who have passed away are according to a statement sent by these four organizations.
Speaking to media, Bah John F Kharshiing, Working President of MSOA, said that the purpose of the Sohra Half Marathon is to encourage the participation of to promote tourism in the region through this competition which has been approved by the Athletic Federation of India.
Police have registered a complaint against them under various sections of the law and are still searching for others suspected to be involved in the shooting. to the death of man.
When asked for clarification, Kong Nongbri said, “I cannot say anything (on this) at present.
He said that all the members of the Kur Shangpliang who live in Shillong or surrounding areas who are not yet members of any unit of the Kur are invited to attend this meeting to discuss the issues. of the Kur and especially to establish a unit of the Shangpliang Kur in Shillong.
The joining of Bah Bamon to the Congress party will be of benefit to the party during the MP elections where the people of 1-Shillong Parliamentary Constituency will elect a new MP in the upcoming MP elections. 11th of this month.
The Delhi High Court has fixed the hearing for December.
Guwahati, July 16: Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi told reporters in Guwahati that the Congress party is not afraid of Narendra Modi but the BJP is afraid of him.
The Wing Commander of the Eastern Air Command (EAC), who led the Air Force, promised to immediately suspend the operation and in connection with the Deputy The Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Rosetta Mary Kurbah, has decided to convene a meeting between the PWD Department, the Army and the Dorbar Shnong Rngi Shyllong.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: A girl who was studying in class 4 at a school in Laitumkhrah has committed suicide by hanging herself by hanging herself.
SAWM41RIATSAMTHIAH, EAST KHASI HILLS, SHILLONG-793002102013-02-0119INDIAN NATIONAL CONGRESSINCHANDM61RILBONG, NEAR SHILLONG TIMES BUILDING, SHILLONG – 792-301010301ATYUN411 MM38LUMMAWBAH, BLOCK IV, SHILLONG 793005122013-02-0120INDEPENDENTIND1.
Paul Lyngdoh said that the police department has learned of this and has taken steps to investigate to find out who these people are. shall be accused of having a hand.
This is according to a statement issued by the Chairman of the Wahkhen People's Assembly, Bah M Khonglein and Secretary Bah R Buhphang.
KSU Mawlai Circle on the 4th July 2022 has been able to hold the Rakhe of the Environment Day on the 5th July 2022, but as this day falls on the Lord's Day, the District has decided to hold it on the 4th July July.
UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh, who is also the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, said that what happened did not happen in the right way.
The purpose of the meeting was to create opportunities for cooperation in various fields in Sports, Tourism and Culture.
Franky PapangLem and about 40 EC members.
On the other hand, the union expresses its regret over the increase in the spread of corona virus in the state in recent days, which is equal to other states in India.
He was speaking at a webinar on Ek Bharat Shreshtha Bharat (EBSB) organized by the Press Information Bureau, Lucknow in collaboration with PIB Meghalaya and Arunachal Pradesh.
“The problem faced by the farmers is that they buy agricultural products such as seeds and fertilizer at a low price while when they sell their agricultural products they have to sell at a low price,” he said. Mr. Olet.
In these years, coal has been exempt from excise duty because it has not been accepted that it has been mined from the ground and sold to Bangladesh without being cleaned. ) On the part of the exporters, they did not want to comment as they are still waiting for this announcement.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: Ka Angela Rangad, one of the leaders of the land vendors, has lodged a complaint with the police today. Unidentified persons in plain clothes have stolen items worth T.50,000/- tyngka.
“You rich people, don't steal the land of us who are poor, think of us who are small, maybe one day you will get your reward,” said Bah Kharumnuid.
Shillong, November 01: After 12 Congress MLAs led by Dr. Mukul Sangma left the party in the past few days, the Working President of the Congress party today resigned. James Lyngdoh.
The Chief Minister also awarded the Overall Champions award to Manipur, the second award to Assam and the third award to Arunachal Pradesh.
The Commission has confirmed that a compensation of T.1,00,000 lakh should be paid by MePDCL to the four widows whose husbands have died. your own life from electric shock.
That word of faith, that word of waiting, on my part, has burned me up.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Himalaya Shangpliang said that the government has allocated about Rs 15 crore for the filmmakers of the state in the fiscal year 2023-2
Answering a supplementary question by Bah RV Lyngdoh regarding the expenditure on salaries in KHADC, the Deputy CEM said that the monthly expenditure is T.4.5/- crore and annually it has reached T.4.5/- crore. of Rs.54/- crore.
The RBYF has alleged that besides the torti work, it has also been found that there are many places where the width of the road has been reduced and narrowed, which has caused a great surprise to the The union said that the state government has a plan to improve the roads, but the contractor has been narrowing the roads.
On the other hand, the union leaders said that they have given time to the state government to do something on their demand but it has not done anything and this has prompted the teachers to move forward with the demand. their protest shall begin in the morning.
Shillong, Nailur 06: The Estimate Committee of the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday visited the Residential School at Sabahmuswang village in West Jaintia Hills District.
He urged the CEOs to report from time to time to the ECI for further improvement in the working methods and promotion of openness to the voters.
Police have conducted a search operation and on 21/3/2024 someone called and demanded T.50 lakh from the family members and the manager of the company. They shall take their lives within three days.
The KSU also urges the MLAs and MDCs of the district not to be mere spectators at such times but we feel it is their duty to look after the needs of the people and to provide for the shortcomings in the PHCs and CHC, This is according to a statement sent by Samla Frwardman Nongrem President KSU South West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, July 05: The North East Students' Organization (NESO) has strongly condemned the attempt of the Central Government to pass the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill 2016 soon. Parliament as revealed by the speech of the Prime Minister of India.
Manly Nongpluh, President KSU Laban Circle (SP News).
He said the Union has requested the relevant authorities to understand that many of the job applicants from the state come from low income families and it is not easy. They have been forced to travel to other states just to write examinations and this is like depriving them of their rights.
Specifically for the SF-10s, T.73,76,132 lakh has been allocated.
According to information received, the light started to go out at 4 pm and it is estimated that it may have been at this time that the incident happened on the morning of the 20th of this month. month of July.
Dr M Ampareen Lyngdoh, PWD (Building) Information Technology, Information and Public Relation and Labour.
Saleng A Sangma of the INC filed his nomination papers in Tura today with the support of party workers.
Police have seen that this killing of drug traffickers is to destroy the society by smuggling drugs. Police in their hard work have arrested the traffickers and the drug traffickers. Investigations are ongoing to identify those involved.
In the petition submitted to the Minister, the union said that the PHC was built in 1950 and was upgraded to a PHC in
It said it had assessed the readiness of the IAF to operate.
They also said that the AJHDA will take action for those who come in the top 30 to be appointed as dance teachers and also to send them to national shows like Dance India Dance and India. Got Talent.
According to information received, the earthquake has affected not only the houses in the border area of ​​Block II but dozens of houses in the Jirang area. different parts of the Ribhoi Valley.
Martle N Mukhim, MDC and candidate for the 2023 Legislative Assembly elections, said that his service in the public service is no less than 50 years of which 25 years have unpaid service and 25 years have earned and paid service.
Cable Network: 23rd at 8:15 pm.
The three-year soskular is the goal of the two parties to generate hydropower in the state.
Training opportunities should be provided for employees on fire safety precautions, fire actions, and the use of fire extinguishers.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister also expressed his gratitude that the difficulties should not be an obstacle to reach their goals and this is the best example that Bah Ryntathiang has set. The book will not be lifted to the ground.
The Government has amended the Act to strengthen the punishment of offenders.
The surprising thing here is that in the RTI MUDA has not shown the presence of Maxi Cabs or Wingers. They talk only about Buses. They have replaced maxi cabs and wingers with buses.
Speaking to reporters, Dr Lumbor Mawsor said that this is the fourth time that the festival has been held by the District Administration. to run this festival.
And your coming to this place is sent by God䬠said the old man.
During the inspection, the PWD officers informed Dr Jemino and the Rangbah Shnongs that the construction of the road at Iew Rynjah will be completed before Christmas and the construction of the bridge at Umpling will not be completed before Christmas. do not want to slap.
The 1917iTEAMS has worked hard to connect farmers and buyers from the state, the North East, India and abroad as well, which has increased the export of agricultural products of the state. to foreign markets.
And 26.
He said that there are many things that need to be done if there is a true spirit of love for one's own community especially in relation to the nation as a whole.
The room and the deity are ours.
On the other hand, the Hima has urged the Prime Minister to reopen the Mawphlang CHC as the number of people coming to Mawphlang CHC has increased from year to year. During the meeting, the Hima also reminded the Chief Minister of his desire to set up a Commerce and Science College at the CHC. The Hima has allocated 20 acres of land for this school.
The people of the state have the desire to see that the state will have a safe border so that the people on the border will be free from the problems they face from time to time. At the same time, the lands which still fall under the Khasi Hima which they still rule to this day should not go to Assam.
Referring to the lack of action by the police department when a Khasi youth was shot dead by a group of 15-20 people abroad, the KSU leader said, “In the past four months, about four or five people have been shot dead. and he came to Laban.
The deceased were identified as Masmandra Kharkylliang, 54, of Shyrwang and Melar Kurbah, 36, of Shyrwang. to the village of Demthring in the Himalayas.
Shillong, Naiwieng 25: The District Council Court today heard 21 cases and the total number of cases received is 106 but out of these 21 cases have been settled today.
We are looking for knowledge all over the world – we don't know the light of the country.
The meeting was held at Mawdatbaki.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Samla Malngniang, Minister of State, at the same time, MLA of this area, said that the farming of rice in the villages has helped in the development of the country. It is also a source of employment for the people.
The HYC Mawrynkneng Circle strongly condemns Bah David Nongrum and demands that if he continues to remain silent and if he does not support the 14 issues, the HYC will continue to protest against him. She urged all the Durbar Shnongs to warn this MLA not to enter the villages if he does not speak and advocate the issues of the jaidbynriew.
It is wrong to reveal to the public that the Congress party did not attend the meeting.
(ii) No registration of land or any immovable property shall be granted by any authority without a No Objection or land Registration from the Syiem and his Durbar.
He said that the presence of people in the market causes many kinds of evils, pollution due to the lack of toilets and adequate drinking water.
Regarding the entry and exit of people from one state to another, Meghalaya has not yet allowed the entry and exit of people from one state to another. The lockdown will end on the 31st of this month.
The KHADC spends about Rs 4 crore per month for the salaries of all its employees from the CEM, Em, Chairman, Deputy Chairman and all the employees. .15 Lakh per month.
Shillong, July 15: At least 29 bodies and nine injured have been recovered so far this evening, the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Bah WI Lyngdoh, today said.
Charles said that Sabuda is a village in conflict when people from Meghalaya are arrested, the Meghalaya police should investigate and when people from Assam are arrested, the Assam police should investigate. They have not allowed the Meghalaya Police from Mawlasnai to investigate.
Shillong, Lber, 28: U Bah Embhahlang B.Syiemlieh, MLA Mawlai Constituency today inaugurated the Annual School Sports Tournament organized by the Sacred Heart Girls' Higher Secondary School. Savio Junior, Shillong.
He said that the bill needs to be discussed further but the government should not forget to implement the ILP which is a strong law to curb the illegal entry of foreign authorities. He said that the state has a Land Transfer Act but what has happened is that this Act has its shortcomings because foreigners cannot transfer land without the permission of the District Council. .
The BSF is vigilant to ensure that smugglers should not be allowed to smuggle on the border with Bangladesh.
There are 517 recoveries in East Khasi Hills District, 206 cases in West Garo Hills and 181 cases in West Garo Hills. The total number of cases in the state has risen to 64,3
The Government has provided emergency assistance.
Speaking to media at the NPP office in Lawchimier, she said that as a person who came from a working background to look after the rights of every human being to enter science. The world has different opinions, her willingness to accept the post of National Youth President within the NPP is because she sees that only the NPP understands the North East.
Bah Nongsiej said that during their inspection today, they have seen with their own eyes the condition of this place and they have been able to see it.
Titan also offers high tech lenses for single vision, bifocal and according to their needs.
Shillong, June 30: The Khasi Indigenous Foundation (KIF) has announced that it will hold the 2024 Session 1 which will start soon.
The North Eastern Hills University Students Union (NEHUSU) has given only 40 days to the NEHU authorities to review the grading system implemented at the university.
On the other hand, the hospital wants to see that the authorities should immediately complete the construction of the pipes to transport oxygen so that the oxygen can be used fully. Hospital.
Whether you like it or not, Parliament can pass any law regardless of how much it affects the nation.
On the other hand, the General Secretary of the JSU Central Body, Samla Treiborlang Suchen, said that the JSU has started demanding the return of the 108 ambulance after receiving a complaint from the people of the area. 108 vehicle in Amlarem Sub division.
Mr. Hamletson Dohling presented the students with momentos and cash prizes.
Elinda Mukhim, a resident of Nongthymmai, Nongkhryiem, has completed her Class XII education from Morningstar College.
Syiem said that if the House approves and the EC approves the report submitted by the Delimitation Committee, the Council will have to send it to the Governor through the DCA. get approval.
College, Jowai, Nongtalang College, Don Bosco College, Byndihati and Jaintia Eastern College, Khliehriat.
The story from Sohra tells of only one person who was called by a woman who was still famous for the large mawramsong called Khoh Ramhah on the road from Sohra to Mawlong near Thangkharang.
In the petition, the HYC demanded that the government should implement the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation Act, 1873 to prevent the influx of mynder.
Speaking to reporters, the All Meghalaya Upper Primary and Secondary Deficit Teachers Association (AMUPSDPST) said that they have put forward their demand before the government.
Shillong, November 16: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) in its Central Executive Committee (CEC) held on November 9, Nongpoh, has discussed the issue of 261 km long road. The Executive Committee of the CoRP Central Body has sent the matter to the Central Executive Committee.
“Because of the promise of the DC of EJHD to start repairing the NH 44 tomorrow, we have temporarily suspended our protest and we will see if the government does not keep its promise we will not listen to the words. jail jaum but we will continue with strong protests,” said the statement.
"He said he didn't want to say anything on his part," Cornad said.
According to the survey, there are 16,0000 lakh unemployed youth in the state.
“We don't want to hear that you are biased, as journalists we should be independent without being controlled by anyone to provide services to the people, not like politicians who are biased. Speaking as the chief guest at the opening ceremony of the media center at KHADC, the CEM of KHADC said that in fact this should have been done long ago but for reasons that are not This work has been done but today it has been completed.
All those who are under home quarantine will remain under home quarantine for 14 days.
The President of India will arrive in Shillong tonight and after the awarding ceremony for the students of NEHU Umshing, he will leave. the state.
This has been a blessing to many of the youth and has also encouraged the youth who have registered for phase 2 and phase
The people of Sohra and the villagers in the land of Hynniewtrep do not want to become another Hindu in India who no longer accepts their own name Tynrai.
: it means a lynter metbah that grows on the ground; it is the length from end to end.
KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar said that in a meeting with the CEM of KHADC today, the CEM has made it clear that the allocation of funds for the year 2015- 2016 is no longer available but what is being allocated now is for the year 2017-2
From time to time, it has been witnessed that the MLA of South Shillong has been fighting for the welfare of the rithor from the issue of trading license and others, said KHNAM. KHNAM Youth Wing President Thomas Passah, President of KHNAM Youth Wing, said that the KHNAM Youth Wing (KYWW) has decided not to allow the names of rithor to be replaced by the names of roads.
The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, while speaking to SP News Agency, said that he has received a tip that the Assam Police have come today to demolish the school. which is newly built.
The Commission has already deployed staff in all places but its staff alone cannot do anything if the political parties, private parties and the people cannot support it. committee.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Isawanda Laloo, said that she has already sent a notice to the owners of these shops as the construction of these shops is without permission. .
Shillong, Nailar 25: The Kharsyntiew EMS Trust has donated an ambulance to Dr. Gordon Robert Hospital Shillong to commemorate the birthday of my mother.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has confirmed that 4 cases have recovered from the disease today, out of 38 cases, 7 cases have been admitted to hospitals. cases from East Khasi Hills, 1 case from Ri Bhoi and 1 case from West Garo Hills.
In their short speeches, Dakishan Z Malngiang and Badonkupar Nongbri said that the Muay Thai Association of Meghalaya will always be with the Muay Thai Association of Meghalaya.
Some of the proceeds of the tournament will be donated to the victims of the cyclone in West Khasi Hills.
Welbirth said that besides receiving protection from the police, how can they still carry weapons, even in front of the police, they are no longer the ones who can carry weapons, because they are inside the police station. protection and protection of the law.
Referring to the burning of two vehicles yesterday, the COMSO leader said that this is an exploitation by those who want to defame the group under the banner of COMSO. , as a group strongly condemns this behavior of people who want to cause trouble.
In 2016, the Tura seat was held by Conrad K. Sangma, son of Purno A. Sangma from 2016 to 2019 from the National People's Party.
As the teachers do not want to disturb the students who will start their examinations in the next few days and also the school principals, he said that the strike will continue without disturbing the students. read and also the school authorities.
These are the issues that the student union has put before the Minister.
Shillong, November 25: Despite the cold weather, Christians in Meghalaya have gone out to their respective churches to perform their rituals for the celebration of the night. A holy Christmas because it is on this day that Jesus was born on this page to show mankind.
This is in accordance with the provisions of SI 7 of the Guidelines for the Acceptance and Rejection of Applications for the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes in Meghalaya issued through the Office Memorandum on 19th October. , 2014.
The stability of the country has been enhanced through campaigns such as taalithali and diya, he added.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: Sonali Mishra IPS, Additional Director General, Border Security Force (BSF) of Dong Moh, Shillong, on Tuesday visited the BSF team in Meghalaya. They discussed the security on the border with Bangladesh.
On the other hand, KHNAM would like to urge the Minister of Urban Affairs to look into this issue as the emission of vehicle exhaust in this area affects the health of the people and this the removal of this love barrier in this area is wrong.
The death toll has risen to 9, 5 from East Khasi Hills, 5 from Ri Bhoi, 1 from West Garo Hills and 1 from West Khasi Hills. there were 1040 of them.
As the government has already set up a special police force (SA-10), it is necessary to strengthen them in the fight against insurgency especially in parts of Garo Hills and parts of Garo Hills. West Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills.
The leader of the party, Doang D Shira, said that many members of the party have been killed on the grounds that there was a shooting. from a bullet shot.
The MLA shall be elected to the State Assembly iii.
“The Union cannot accept the Thangskai Village which has put the Jaitbynriew in trouble and danger.
He said that the matter can be resolved after consultation with legal experts.
Other speakers on the occasion were Bah Samuel Jyrwa Chairman of NESO, in his speech he said that to love the nation we must follow the example of Kiangnangbah who has four qualities, to be courageous, to be knowledgeable, to be knowledgeable of God and to seek the law of God.
Dr Toi entitled this book Anne Jones (1812-1845) 'The First Woman Missionary in Khasi Jaintia'
Those who can pass the vehicles will be from the office of the Director, District Agriculture Officers from the Department of Agriculture and the Department of Soybean.
On this occasion, there were also those who took part in the release of the film in Khasi.
On the other hand, the pastor said that the time has come to contribute to the mother of India, we should not just accept,” said Rev Basaiawmoit.
There was also a concert by the musicians of Battle Rock – VI who have won the title of 'kings of rock' in the area. Meghalaya has awarded prizes to the winners of the Wangala Festival, Garo War Dance and many schools and colleges.
Shillong, January 27: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Bah PS Dkhar today launched the Intensified Pulse Polio Immunization Program 2018 at Jongsha Village. in the presence of officials from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
The Smart Cities Mission, launched on July 25, 2015, aims to provide resources, a clean and sustainable environment and a sustainable lifestyle for people through the use of smart solutions. '.
“Whether it is at Madan Rapleng or Lum Rapleng, the tourists should respect each other by not throwing bottles, plastic and other things and especially not throwing bottles because “It's a danger to others who come to this place,” said Bah Warbah.
The CEM said it is not easy to pass a law.
“This is an important law which has not been introduced yet known as the Prevention of Illicit Trafficking in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act, 1988 (PITNDPS).
In the same year (July 31, 2009 to July 31, 2010), the KHADC has authorized Bah B.Nongrum of Sohiong to collect Labor Service License from Non Tribals at the price of Rs.100 from Unskilled. , Rs 150 for Semi Skilled and Rs.200 for Skilled Labour.
Bless said that the HNYF announces to all those who have been demanded money in the name of the HNLC to come to the HNLC office if they have received such demands. There is no way to believe whether it is true or not.
The arrested persons are not members of the HNLC but officials of the central government from Delhi who have been authorized to meet with the HNLC leaders to move forward with the peace talks.
Manstudy Nongrem said that the Hima should remain the same, this action of the EC is something that is not appropriate to make Syiem Iawrod only once this action is a violation of the rights of the people. this is the kingdom.
The Magistrate is available from 10 am to 6 pm.
The MYAF in a spirit of sorrow has taken this step to express its condolences to the Federation whose members are the youth who have received the Youth Award either in the State or in the National Level as well and often the leaders of the Federation visit the State and even India itself to other countries of the world as part of understanding better their situation and problems. youth to different parts of India and the world and to find ways and means to address all the problems through dialogue.
Members of the KSU under the leadership of President Samla Pynkmenlang Sanmiet saw a Bolero Camper (ML 10 B 3595) carrying about 20 people. Members of the union immediately phoned other youths who were at the scene of the incident. The youths of the village said that the vehicle had just parked and left. turn.
Other dignitaries who were present on the occasion included Bah R.Nongrum, Sordar of Jatah Lakadong, Sister Elmolin Lyngkhoi of Holy Cross, Head Teacher of St. Paul's School, Jatah. Lakadong School and other teachers along with other guests.
He also handed over the Sela Tunnel to the country and launched the UNNATI scheme worth about T 10,000 crore.
The BSF troops patrolling in the area caught from a distance the smugglers who were on their way to Bangladesh . The BSF troops chased them away but due to the forest , the smugglers broke the These clothes were seized by the BSF and handed over to the relevant authorities for further investigation. to ensure that illegal immigrants do not have access to illegal trade.
On the other hand, the MDC said that this scheme falls under the Jal Jeevan Mission and the aim is to provide water to all the households in these four villages. Representative.
On this occasion, Kong Ampareen said that the allegation is not true.
As a group of people who are interested in the development of tourism in the area , they have worked hard during his tenure as DC in South West Khasi Hills District , I am confident that the same work will be done for the benefit of the people of the area.
Out of the 398 coaches, 101 coaches have joined the deputation process from PSUs and other government agencies.
India started the surveillance one year ago from today.
The Chairman of NESO said that they are still in Delhi to seek the support of other political parties to oppose the Bill if it comes to the Rajya Sabha.
The task of this group is to meet with government officials from government ministers to officers to discuss development projects for the area and to inform them of the problems of the area. “I urge the government to turn its eyes to Mawsynram,” said Bah G Kharrasawai in a statement.
Therefore, through this statement, it was informed that since the raid by the JSU Sengkmie, no one has been able to claim themselves as leaders or members of this Circle until another one is appointed.
Shillong, Nailar 20: Today, 232 cases have been confirmed positive for COVID-19, 128 cases from East Khasi Hills, 29 cases from West Khasi Hills and 29 cases from West Khasi Hills. The total number of cases was
Shillong, March 05: The National Mission on Edible Oil Palm Business Summit for the North Eastern States was held today in Guwahati.
The mother of the father has lodged a complaint with the Nongstoin Police Station against Bah Eveningstar Sangriang for arrest. he is the one who does evil.
During his tenure as CEM, he said that the government should issue a government notice to clarify, because as it is now, the courts appointed by the government have started hearing cases that it is among the brothers.
Lasky Rymbai (UDP) from 21-Tuber constituency, Kerbhami Dkhar (NPP) from 21-Tuber constituency, Bhalang Bang (INC) from 21-Tuber constituency, Bah Helping Phawa (PDF) from 21-Tuber constituency, Bah Wanthmu Phawa (Independent) of the 21-Tuber constituency.
Police have conducted investigation to find out the cause of the arrest.
At present, the HNLC is ready to talk peace and the government should not miss this opportunity for the sake of peace in the state.
Furthermore, these foreigners have been expelled and left their workplaces and the members of the union have warned that they should not resist without proper documents.
As the Prime Minister has signed a social peace agreement with the rebel groups in Ri Lum Garo, it should now be clear to the people of Khasi-Jaintia that the Prime Minister wants to have peace. The Chief Minister of the State has taken note of this peace talks.
The Shnogn wishes all those who were injured on this day a healthy body through the grace of God, said the Rangbah Shnong Bah Lasting. Pala and Bah Nicolas Lyngdoh, Secretary of the Village Council.
During the visit, it was found that the PWD Mawsynram Division has taken seriously this issue and has already given the contract to work immediately. They said that the lack of heavy vehicles has put the people in great trouble.
The union strongly condemns the violation of human rights by the Education Department JHADC as a source of inspiration for others in the future.
The adoption of khaddar jurisdiction within these tribal areas is taken from paragraphs 4 and 5 of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India; and the term “Administration of Justice Orders and Rules” as mentioned above.
Police have collected the items from the scene for post-mortem.
He said that there are some things that the Hima has done properly within the Hima but it is not included in this Bill, so he does not want to change what the Hima has done properly now. .
We still think that if the State Government is strong enough to demand it is the right time but we have the attitude of some that our visit to Delhi is nearing the end (term of office) of the Government.
The Minister's visit to the district was to see how well the officers in the district have been able to do the works that have already been tendered by the PWD and how many remain. which have already been completed.
When you arrive today in Tura, the townships and villages have covered the beautiful colors after banners or posters, both large and small, have been carried on all the streets to show the sign of the city. is ready to host and hold this major sporting event in the State and to run smoothly.
Shillong, Nailur 05: Meghalaya today celebrated the 56th Teachers' Day at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong. education of the state government in the presence of school children.
The reason for the delay in these two months is that the money that should have been received from the government has been received slowly. should and development works cannot be used to pay salaries.
Tura, July 18: Arvind Kumar, Manager of SBI Amapti Branch in Tura, told reporters in Tura after police released him that the robbers had phoned him at his house. Bihar and demanded that he should be paid T.50 lakh as a fine for his release.
The total number of recoveries so far has risen to 1235, with 65 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 52 from West Garo Hills, 5 from West Garo Hills, 4 from Ri Bhoi District and 2 from Ri Bhoi District. South Garo Hills 2.
The Prime Minister said that they don't have that special knowledge and if they have that it is only with the determination to work for the benefit of the people. in Nongstoin today.
The Meghalaya High Court has authorized a bomb blaster accused to apply for bail from the Special Court.
He said that there have been many times in the journey of the KSU in various ways and in various challenges when they have not understood the symbols of the poet's thoughts. Decades ago, they were words to destroy the country and the nation as a whole.
The Congress party is also looking for ways and means to come back to power and the attempt to influence other MDCs is ongoing.
The offices of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) which celebrated World Environment Day on Tuesday have planted 1050 trees across the villages in Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
Faleiro said.
Erwanmiia Nongsiej came first with 145 points while Riskhem Muktien came second with 140 points. Ebanisha Pathaw for the support and Eva Kharkrang for the opposition got equal points.
If the leaders are stingy, it means that Meghalaya will soon be like the Philippines, Colombia, Mexico and other regions that have been affected by drug crime.
One militant was killed and two others were arrested in the shooting.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Fourstar Kharbuli.
On the issue of tourist taxis, Bah Syiem said the council had already convened a meeting with the tourist taxis of Meghalaya last year and a letter had been sent to the office. The District Transport Officer (DTO) East Khasi Hills and other districts have requested them not to issue permits to foreigners who have not yet received trading licenses from the council.
Shillong, July 17: The State Youth Wing of Shillong Municipal Board has requested RTI from the Shillong Municipal Board to seek information on the non-indigenous residents of the city. also the labor license and work permit of these residents.
Other demands of the union are that the government should expedite the implementation of the Inner Line Permit in the state to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners. The ILP should not be implemented but the Residential Permit should be implemented where foreigners have to get permission before coming to work.
Jowai, July 02: The KSU Myntriang Unit has expressed its gratitude to the BDO of Saipung Block and government officials who visited Myntriang Village on 29/05/2014 to explain about the NREGS (100 Days Scheme) especially those directives to the Dorbar Shnong to provide the necessary documents within 5 days, so that the scheme for the Myntriang-Kyrluh road can be launched.
Shillong, Naitung 19: Police from East Jaintia Hills District have arrested two drug traffickers from Shillong, Shillong. Lheinei Hoakip, 40, and Khailen Hoakip, 42, are from Boljang, Churachanpur, Manipur.
The fourth is the concern and opposition of the Dorbar Ri on various Acts passed by Parliament and the State and which should be amended such as the Meghalaya Land Regulation Act 1971, the Indian Registration Act 1908, the Land Acquisition Act 1894, the Forest Conservation Act 1980, the Mines Act 1952, the Coal Mines Nationalization Act 1973, and many other laws which violate the fundamental rights of the people and which are against the IOA & AA. .There will also be a session of the Dorbar Ri which will be held for 10 hours and a half, in which the members will be allowed to speak within 2 minutes each. The speaker to allow many to speak in the DORBAR RI, because there will be a bell and a chairman, but the speech should be written down so that it can be put as a proceeding. .
The Cabinet also approved the amendment to the Meghalaya State Consumer Protection Act in relation to salaries and other remuneration for employees within the Commission so that the remuneration should be equal to all. .
Amit Shah also launched the Greater Sohra Water Supply Scheme.
It is an honor for the Government to honor this brave and strong man of the Hima by naming this house after him.
However, after winning the ILP issue, they are now looking for a place through their scientific methods to convince and deceive the innocent people of West and South West Khasi Hills. people).
There are 63 cases in Eastern Khasi Hills, 1 case in Eastern West Khasi Hills, 8 cases in Ri Bhoi, 1 case in South West Garo Hills and 35 cases in West Garo Hills. I'm from Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh today said that before taking any decision, an independent Third Party Audit will be sent to all the cases. three divisions of the legislature.
New Delhi, Nailur 26: India today launched the Asta BVR missile to shoot from the air.
Shillong, Nailur 26: Eight cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Shillong, five cases in East Khasi Hills and three cases in Ri Bhoi.
The Leader of the Opposition said that they have received complaints from all over the country that those villages which have been closed due to the COVID-19 pandemic have faced problems in terms of food items because they are far from the markets. hat, the government should ensure that those villages should get food items.
Prestone said that the government under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma has prepared many schemes for the benefit of the people, in the field of roads including the road. SARDP and border markets.
In June 2020, he met with the Directors of Distribution and promised to appoint the shortage of staff. The linemen who died since 2010 has not been appointed yet. He is a day laborer and has to look after up to 34 villages alone how he can provide for the needs of the people.
The Hon'ble Supreme Court has said that the Governor of Meghalaya can also issue the Notification if he wishes. to be implemented in all areas of the district which is now divided into two District Councils (KHADC and JHADC), because the words refer to the above –.
In addition, we have decided to empower the Village Organizations (VOs) by providing them with the necessary equipment and other equipment to produce cultural products. and also to promote tourism.
The HPF will follow up on this matter and will follow the legal procedures.
The union has found that all these seven households are low income.
Hubert Ford Riang of the HSPDP has filed his nomination papers from the 8-Nongkren MDC constituency, Banri Kupar Wahlang from the 15-Laban-Mawprem MDC constituency and Samlin Malngiang from the 22-Nongspung MDC constituency.
Shylla said that the state is very small and even if this railway line comes to the state, it will affect the ability of foreigners to enter and leave the state. to light up the light as they please.
Mr. John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, congratulated the officers of the C&RD Block, and promised to take the issues of the Gram Sevaks before the State Government as part of improving the working methods of the Gram Sevaks. they.
On the other hand, the Deputy Chief Minister urged the users of these vehicles to use them properly.
Shillong, Nailar 18: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has said that instead of building a market, Barik should be turned into a public meeting place and statues of the great men of the jaidbyndiew should be erected.
This was announced by Bah Forwardman Nongrem President KSU SWKH District.
The number of recoveries today is 176, 5 from East Jaintia Hills, 146 from East Khasi Hills, 11 from Ri Bhoi, 7 from West Garo Hills, 3 from West Khasi Hills. 16262 people.
I'm from Sports Club, Umsohsun.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that what has happened inside the KHADC is that within a month there has been a tree dispute in which one MDC from one party has turned to another group. The Cabinet today decided to send back the Governor to enact the Administrator Rule within the KHADC. It shall also send the documents to the Governor of the State.
The statement from the KSU Umsning circle to the students is, we should not put the problems in front of us, but the minutes to reach the goal.
The presence of this bank in this area shows that the bank wants to help the people in improving their income through various schemes of the government.
The application for Occupancy Certificate is not only in Upper Shillong but also in other areas outside the Municipal.
It is said that Lord Krishna married Rukmani, the princess of the North East, at Madhavpur, Porbandar.
The Cabinet today also approved the Lokayokta Rules 2019, which was introduced in 2014 but the rule has now been drafted and has been approved by the Cabinet.
At present, the KHADC has 29 MDCs, 15 of whom are on the side of Bah Latiplang and 14 on the side of Bah Teinwell Dkhar.
Dominic Savio Diengdoh, owner of T7 News Channel, was elected as the General Secretary without any opposition, while Gershome Hat, Editor of Peitngor, was elected as the General Secretary without any opposition. he was elected Treasurer.
We always know that school is the second home of children and teachers are the second parents of students and I think it is an important part of schools to take care of this for the sake of health of children.
The circle urges the members not to be afraid when we stand on a firm foundation.
The Nalanda was recognized as a UN Heritage Site in
Shillong, Lber 02: The Commander-in-Chief of the ASAK (ASAK) today surrendered to the South Garo Hills District. in front of the police along with all the members of the rebel group in the presence of religious leaders and civil society groups.
However, surprisingly, trucks carrying up to 40 tonnes are still running smoothly and this action of the government has upset the passengers.
When he left the party, how can he go to the ECI, on the request of Bah Adelbert, the letter sent by the ECI has not been seen.
Upon receiving the complaint, the police conducted a search operation at the scene to release the abductee and at the same time to search for the kidnappers. The search for the kidnappers in the area is ongoing.
PD Sona, Speaker of Arunachal Pradesh Legislative Assembly spoke about connectivity works in border areas, improvement of relations between security forces and villagers and urged the Central Government to think about the situation of border areas when it comes to national policies.
In Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Mairang Block has affected 14 villages, 69 houses, 2 schools and 50 hectares of farmland. .
According to the High Court, 242 FTCs have been opened since 2017 (596 FTCs as of 31.12.2017 and 838 FTCs as of 31.10.2022).
Speakers at the meeting included Bah RV Lyngdoh MDC, Bah Himalaya Shangpliang MLA and four members of the party who joined the party. MLAs and MDCs. Surprisingly, none of the Congress MLAs from Garo Hills attended the party meeting.
It is true that when we go to Guwahati we see that along the roads in Meghalaya we don't see the faces of Khasi and Garo anymore but only the mynder suda, which is exactly like Tripura where they live. state everywhere ritepaid.
She added that we have to ensure that women should be able to participate in income generation opportunities, we hope to strengthen our income as women and to strengthen the family.
Special Judge Noor Ain Khan of MHJS East Khasi Hills District of POCSO has suggested to the government that the state government should pay T.3,00,000/- to the victim.
: The book written by Bah Daniel Stone Lyngdoh entitled, “What shall we do in this life? The ceremony was held on Thursday at the residence of Wickliff Syiem, the youngest chief of the Nongstoiñ Hima in Rajai, Bangladesh.
According to the RTI Report, the grant was received by Coming Pyrtuh on 02-12-2 His relatives received T.11,20,000/- including his brother Sanbok Rymbai T.6,50,000/- and his mother Tein Rymbai T.1,7 ,000/- to his brothers including Lasan Rymbai T.1 lakh, Kitbok Rymbai and Mar-o Rymbai T.50,000/- and his wife Lewanka Dkhar T.1 lakh.
The meeting was opened by Dr R Shadp Manner, AH&VO, Mawthadraishan C&RD Block, and Kong B Kharsyntiew, Agricultural Development Officer, Mairang C&RD Block.
With the resignation of Michael T Sangma, the number of MLAs who have resigned to join the Congress party has now reached the line of two Independents and one from the NCP. This MLA will not join the Congress party.
New Delhi, Naitung 27: The Union Government has recently released the GST compensation of Rs 13,806 crore to the States for the month of October
He became a saint of clothes known as Budhi Sagar Ji Maharaj.
The distribution of medicines by the SMB employees is from the village roads, the gates of houses, streets and vehicle parking lots on the village roads.
“Of course, we understand that the party has been slow to announce the candidates for the Lok Sabha elections from Shillong and Tura Parliamentary seats, but as it is now, it has not affected us who work within the party. “We want to request the High Command or the BJP Sengkmie to announce this month,” said Bah M Kharkrang, Chief Spokesperson of the BJP Meghalaya. .
The Suk Mynsiem dance is a dance of thanksgiving to the Creator who has blessed us and to pray for us to continue our work. The Suk Mynsiem dance should also show the world that as a Khasi people we have our own. of the Riti Dustur of the Riam of the original.
To bring peace and stability in the state, the HITO through this petition has urged the Union Minister to invite the HNLC to the peace talks table. I want to talk to peace talks.
We intend to take steps for their welfare as well.
Before the end of the 44th day, more than 32,54,611 cards were distributed.
At present, 750 youths and farmers have been trained.
On the other hand, the Minister said that he does not see the need for such an investigation, because what the government is doing is in accordance with the rules of law.
The NGT has ordered to set up a committee to visit the coal mines to find out the truth about how much coal has been mined and how much remains in the hills and to find ways and means how to clean up the coal mines. The remaining committee should submit its report.
During this visit, it was seen that there are areas where the hills and trees have started to be cut down and this will be a threat to human life in the future. The couple, who rode bicycles to promote the environment, named the Matrivumi Local, the All India Couple Tour.
Shillong, July 23: U Bah Kornding Nongbsap of Umroi village, one of the RTI requesters, said that he does not agree with what the Lokyukta is doing.
In the letter, Agnes Kharshiing said that the election has passed and the House has already seated. .
This year, tens of thousands of people from all over the state and abroad have flocked to the Nongkrem Festival which is also known as the Niam Festival within the Hima Khyriem. these are the days of the present.
“We agree to support the curfew announced by the JSU on 12/06/2014,” said Leningrad Tariang, General Secretary KSU Laskein Circle.
He said that the union has sent a petition to MeECL to fulfill these demands by 19th November 2012, but it has promised to mislead the people to wait from time to time. and until now it has not implemented these demands of the union.
On the part of Prof Dr DM Thappa, he congratulated all the staff of the hospital for their hard work in bringing about this victory and said to the staff of the hospital, “Your hard work you've paid back now"
If this person continues to insult, we, as FKJGP, will hold a rally on the 7th of June, under the umbrella of the Meghalaya Linguistic Minority Development Forum, to hold a rally in Khyndailad. ," said the Seng.
The crops produced from this village are Kwai, Tympew, Soh Niamtra, tyrpad leaves, synsar and others.
Referring to the employment opportunities in the army, he said that the purpose of this is to encourage the people of this area to join the army. Your son will fly a helicopter at this Air Fest.
Speaking to media, KSU Mawlai Circle President Rapbor Nongrum said that the purpose of the meeting was to raise the demand of the Sur of Mawlai Circle. the trial of the murder of Bah Cheris.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The Dorbar Shnong Laitkor Mawrie Lumheh today held a public meeting at Madan Laitkor Pyllun. and CEM of KHADC Bah PN Syiem.
“However, when we went there (near the pond) we saw that there are some who are not students of NEHU especially some who are leaders of the Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP).
But for reasons unknown we hesitate to give muslim women their due.
The RSBY health insurance scheme allows only five persons from one household to register.
Those who are eligible for this award should visit the website www.ditmeghabya.
The airport will boost travel in the area, tourism, trade and employment opportunities.
It is therefore imperative that the G20 work together and bring consensus and actions to address these challenges before women and girls in life and work.
The Director of Health Services (DHS) said that the temperature scanning was conducted at four places, Byrnihat, Airport, Dawki and one inside the High Court of Meghalaya.
Although the victim (Poonam Singh) has not yet lodged a complaint with the Commission regarding this incident, the Commission has sought an investigation report from the Police Station concerned and we are now waiting for the report. before taking action on this issue,” the Commission said.
She said India has demonstrated its ability to host major tournaments along with other programmes.
The GST results will advise those involved in this process to renew and strengthen, in a country-specific manner, measures and support, along with the promotion of international cooperation to control climate change.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: Four cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills and three cases in West Garo Hills. cases were reported, 2 cases were admitted to hospital.
A very special functional aspect of these meetings is community engagement.
Today, I promise to work for the party with integrity and fairness and to serve the people of the state to the best of my ability,” he said.
Students who have completed Degree and Diploma must have obtained 80% or above. Any students who have obtained the above percentage should submit their documents before 2018 has a number 8974256738 /
Up to 11 members including four leaders of the NLCN have been arrested by the police.
Groups around the world praise the work in improving living standards, building infrastructure and ease of doing business.
Shillong, November 25: The spirit of the IOA&AA and paragraph 20 of the Sixth Schedule should be well grounded when talking about the border issue. NPP Chief Minister Conrad K Sangam, who is also the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, said that as the party and as the president of the party, he will not take stingy on this change in the political situation in the state.
Furthermore, T.86.02 crore has been allocated for Meghalaya in 2019-20, but due to the slow pace of work, only T.43.01 crore has been released and out of this, the State has been able to spend only T. .26.35 crore and T.17.46 crore.
He said that as a leader he has many shortcomings but if there are shortcomings he cannot fix them but this has put the people in darkness. He said that if the Sixth Schedule is amended there will be a law. Your organization will not be closed in the future.
East Jaintia District is one of the most drug addicts and drug addicts in the state and the union has said that East Jaintia is entitled to receive this shlem. Treatment of drug addicts especially the youth of the area to get rid of this misleading drug in their lives.
Vitness Langbang, Headmistress of Sein Raij UP School Khliehrangnah, also submitted a memorandum on the cost of construction of the Khnap Thangbru which amounted to T.15,20,0 .
The people have the right to know what their representatives are saying in the House through the media.
The child died without anyone's knowledge and after the child suffered, the doctors found that she was poor and after questioning by the family members, the child told the police what had happened. occur.
The celebration will start on the 22nd and end on the 28th of this month which is Science Day. The celebration is also part of the 75th Anniversary of India's Independence. from the rule of foreigners.
All the works in East Khasi Hills have been completed and sent to the REC and the works in Jaintia Hills and Ri Bhoi District have also been completed.
Shillong, July 01: Chiefs of Jaintia Hills have decided to work together through the GEF/UNDP scheme to preserve and enhance the Holy Laws, Hima Laws, Raid Laws and Adong Laws. Village, Family Law, and Private Law.
Hundreds of people from the area came to take part and listen to the explanation of the BJP leaders especially the speech of the General Secretary of the party in charge of North East Ajay Jamwal. .
However, as usual in the past, the cut motion was allowed to be introduced and today the cut motion was accepted but after receiving the explanation from the CEM, the cut motion was withdrawn. motion and the request for additional funds for the Legislature was accepted.
There are 10,000 people participating in this program.
T.66 crore has been allocated for the purchase of medicines in government hospitals.
The cost of repair of this section will be up to T.12 crore and the last repair of this road from Umtyngar to Sohra was done in 2013, the Chief Minister's Secretary Speaking at the inauguration ceremony said. that the government is working for the improvement of roads in the state.
Leaders of the drivers of commercial vehicles on the morning of 20th June 2023 went to Sadar police station along with the people who saw these people who shot the driver.
At the same time, the union strongly condemns the government's decision to evict the vendors in this area who are the people of the state and to give this area back to others.
Sing Syiem Chief Executive Member of KHADC MDC of Sohryngkham and former MLA of Mawryngkeng, son of Bah Skot, said that the funeral service will be held on the same day. on the 18/2/2024 at the church of God in Lummarboh Nongrah at 3 pm.
To be able to collect revenue properly, it is necessary to use modern IT technology.
On this occasion, the KSU Shangpung Unit also donated dustbins to the Seiñraij Shangpung for the purpose of collecting garbage.
Shillong, November 17: The KSU Sawsymper Circle, FKJGP Sawsymper Circle, Dorbar Raid Sawsymper today held a public meeting to demand the non-implementation of the Citizenship Amendment Act, 2019 in the state. Introduction of Inner Line Permit throughout the State.
Shillong, March 28: Several traders from Mankachar, Assam who came to market at Bilkona in South Garo Hills District this morning were abducted by suspected militants.
Titan Eye Plus, one of the leading eyewear marketers in India, will introduce a variety of progressive lenses that are designed according to the shape of the users. which are also more comfortable when wearing them.
The BJP on Thursday decided to support the National People's Party (NPP) in Shillong and Tura for the victory.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: Ferry Filarisha Wann of St May's Higher Secondary School has been awarded the top 10 positions in the HSSLC Examination 2024 for Commerce Stream. , Khasi MIL, Economics, Mathematics, Accountancy, and Business Studies.
U Bah Carnes Sohshang MDC of Mawkyrwat constituency as the chief guest urged the talented youth of the area to be equal and work hard to spend time in sports and to avoid alcoholic beverages. and bad habits that can affect health.
The deceased was identified as Ruga of the GNLA. Police today identified the full name of the suspect as u Sundaybirth T Sangma.
:The month of April invites us to celebrate the goal of a healthy India by focusing on the steps taken in the opening of access to affordable health care through the Ayushman card, Jan Aushadhikendrabad, AIIMS and new district hospitals to strengthen the capacity of health-related services in the country.
This was stated by Donal V Thabah in a statement sent today.
However, he said that for the benefit of the people, the KHADC has decided to hand over this share to the State Government Department (PWD) in charge of implementation.
It is learned that the office has seized several types of food items to check whether these food items are suitable for public consumption according to the rules laid down by the central government when producing food items for public sale. especially those that are wrapped in plastic.
It is important not only to conduct a thorough investigation but also to punish those who harass and intimidate non-indigenous peoples.
Thus, with this step, the farmers have now been able to sell at a higher price than they used to sell.
They should also not allow crowded places inside their shops.
With the opening of this swimming pool, it is an opportunity for the swimmers and the public who want to swim.
The opening of the Parish in Mawpdang is a change of time and has a history in the Shillong Diocese in the presence of Parish priests from neighboring parishes.
The Government should set up a hot line within the State Commission for the Protection of Child Rights where people can lodge complaints in case of any abuse.
On the other hand, the Doctor Incharge admitted that it is not necessary to get a CHC according to the population of the area.
The former EM of KHADC said that with the intention of getting the money, Bah Basaïawmoit has dismissed 7 employees on the grounds that the Council does not have the money but has appointed 12 employees. They are the people of the land.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Hamletson Dohling, Minister in charge of Rural Development, said that there are only 417 banks in Meghalaya and out of these 188 banks are in the rural areas. Villagers need SHGs to work together.
Regarding the Transit Pass, it was issued by the market vendors and these market vendors did not know where the cow would go.
We have been authorized by the Court to remand these two men for 7 days for further investigation.
The number of Bangladeshis arrested in the last three years is 116, in 2018 36, in 2019 18, in 2020 37, now u As of 31/8/2021, 44 of those arrested have been sent back to Bangladesh and 72 have been imprisoned.
In his speech, Bah Syiem said that the Central Government has already issued a letter of cancellation and if the State Government wants to continue the distribution, it has to buy the sugar itself from the market. only.
At the same time, the union demands from the state government and the tourism department to stop the influx of foreigners to Meghalaya.
Shillong, July 08: Shillong, July 08: Shillong today has been in turmoil due to the curfew called by the NESO in the North East. other.
In his speech, James K Sangma said that the allegation by the people that the NPP has links with the BJP is a misunderstanding. The NPP's goal is to protect the minorities in this country and especially in the North East.
The statement that they don't want to leave Them Motor area is only the opinion of private individuals, but many of the residents of this area don't have the same feeling. This is why the government will amend these rules.
NEIGRIHMS was established on the basis of being on par with AIIMS in New Delhi, PGIMER, Chandigarh.
Also present on the occasion was MLA Winnerson D Sangma.
“Ka AJYWO expresses its deep sorrow over the tragic and terrible incident of kidnapping of Kong Fullness Lyngdoh at Lad-Sutnga, Dkhiah East, East Jaintia Hills. , on the second day of the month, the Seng strongly condemns the act of these wild animals which have not forgiven even the lives of poor women and children. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah MH Dkhar, President of AJYWO.
This is the first time that the Khasi people have come together at the same place which was organized by the KHADC. of traditional culture.
What encouraged the leaders of the Seng on that day was that it was found that there was a woman who wanted to come for help from the P.H.C. I was still receiving medicine until 2:55pm because of the crowd of people and there was also another woman who was receiving medicine for too long and she suddenly fell ill while she was receiving medicine until she fell down. It took less than 10 hours for the doctors to treat the woman because there were too many people to take medicine and there were only 2 doctors.
Robert said that the demand to prevent the influx of foreigners into these tribal areas has been going on since 1948 and that has appeared in the Bordaloi Sub-Committee. the influx of foreigners is no longer new.
Shillong, Naitung 02: The office of the Chairman of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today announced that the swearing-in ceremony of the newly appointed MDC Bah Bindo M Lanong will be held tomorrow at 11.00 am. in his workroom.
He said that there will be a screening of the children on the 31st May 2024 where the children should bring their Original Birth Certificate and Adhar Card on this day.
Shillong, July 07: Unidentified persons have allegedly set fire to a truck number TN-45-AS-0599 belonging to Shillong at 12.30 pm today. Bonus Rattan was erected at Industrial Estate near FCI Godown, Shillong.
Besides, it was decided to invite as invitees all the officials of the Government of India, the Government of Meghalaya, including the Chief Executive Members of Khasi, Jaintia and Garo Hills (three Autonomous District Councils).
There is no expenditure of money to become a village leader, or a kur leader, or a Minister, or a Syiem, Lyngdoh, and Sirdar.
The athletes are now looking forward to winning gold medals and also to prepare for the Olympic qualifiers.
Before entering politics, Bah Nonhtdu was a teacher as headmaster of Sutnga Presbyterian Higher Secondary School until 1972, when he contested the MLA election. In 1996 he was elected as an MP of the Rajya Sabha.
Since its inception in 2019, this initiative has been able to convert these aromatic plants into equivalent products to increase the production of sustainable crops, with the aim of doubling the production of aromatic plants. income of farmers and to improve their livelihood.
It is because of cheetahs that other animals such as lizards have to change their behavior to be able to run fast.
In a statement, it said that the second installment of the arrears for the year 2016-2017, the central government through the MHRD department has already sent the money to the state government in June. 2017 but for five months the state government has not released this money.
Shillong, March 04: The Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, Dr Mukul Sangma, has written a letter to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, alleging that the transfer of police officers is not enough. it's not the politicians' struggle.
The District authorities have struggled to send relief to all those households affected by the natural disaster and have directed the BDOs to submit a full report within three days. natural disaster.
The meeting will also be attended by senior officials from various armed forces, governments from various departments of the central government, especially the Metrological Department, Indian Meteorological Department. The Central Water Commission, the Indian National Center for Ocean Information Services, the Geological Survey of India, the Ministry of Defense and the National Disaster Response Force, explain how to be done during a natural disaster.
In his speech, FKJGP President Bah Joe Marwein explained how the GSU has been fighting against the government. The government has also set up a High Level Committee to discuss the issue and the recommendation has been submitted to the government. It is only up to the Prime Minister, which he does not want to implement.
There are 95 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 88 from East Khasi Hills, 2 from Ri Bhoi, 3 from South West Khasi Hills, 1 from West Garo Hills and 1 from West Khasi Hills. today.
This is in a statement sent by Bah Riskhem Khar, President of HYC Mawryngkneng Circle.
Referring to the availability of mineral resources in the state, he said that Meghalaya is blessed with almost all the mineral resources in the state.
He also stressed the importance of libraries, despite the rapid growth of digital information sources.
They ensure the protection of our mothers and sisters.
Lamare said that the Adhoc teachers have been serving for a long time and there are also some teachers who have died without receiving their salaries and those who have passed away have to live without anything. you have benefited.
The new Integrated Ayush Hospital in Dudhnoi has treated thousands of people since it started operations in November,
During the meeting, they discussed the incident which happened on the 27th of April in which six people lost their lives due to the shortage of light.
Shillong, Lber 05: Despite the arrest of cow smugglers from India to Bangladesh by the BSF almost every day, these cow smugglers are still brave enough not to give up because of the high number of cow smugglers by the BSF. BSF troops and Meghalaya Police have arrested seven persons involved in the smuggling of cattle at Gopinathkila, South West Garo Hills district. Jodha D Marak from Fokachindi, Ponam Marak from Hathimara, Dalu, Artish M Marak from Radangpara, Namzan A Marak from Radangpara and Bansang M Marak from Hatimara. Up to 35 cows were seized from these people.
The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of NEHU has vowed to hold a massive protest on the 13th of this month against the allegation that the Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof. Prabha Shankar Shukla. There is nothing wrong with these questions.
The KSU Students Union (NESO) today held a flag raising ceremony in Khyndaitlad, Motphran and other prominent places in Shillong. .
KSU leaders visited Pathew PHC as part of an inspection of the facilities of the hospital to prepare for the spread of Covid-1
Regarding the debt of vehicles, the HPF urges the government to extend the deadline for payment as they cannot go to work. Regarding the rice, the HPF demands that the government should provide The price is T.1150/- to T.1200/- per 50 kilos.
The Ministry is taking necessary steps to provide support to the States/UTs to curb the disease, including financial assistance and technical assistance.
Shillong, Nailar 29: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has expressed its shock over the allegation by the Superintendent of Police against the members of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) over the incident at Upper Mawprem on the 26th of this month. months in which you have a petrol bomb.
We will look into it so that the detailed information will help us to take a decision later,” said Sadhu.
He said that this will also include the selection of places where land will be allowed and where it will not.
Shillong, March 26: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War today said that 48 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 23 in West Jaintia Hills and 14 in West Jaintia Hills. The total number of cases in Garo Hills is 5, North Garo Hills 3, South West Garo Hills 1 and South West Khasi Hills
Regarding the wood chipping factories for the production of veneer, the PAC has directed the Forest Department to review the licenses that have already been issued and if necessary, to close down half of them. protect the environment because these factories consume a lot of wood, or to encourage them to reduce the production of veneer.
Simsang K. Marak, 40, of Resubelpara, is a former member of the UALA, said Superintendent of Police Bruno A. Sangma. (Simsang) is the leader in this work.
He said that this is the first time that the KHADC has worked with the Hima Mylliem to clean up the area and this is according to the order of the National Grenn Tribunal. and they shall be with other kingdoms.
According to this rule, the Assam Government has the power in any part of the Territorial Councils within the state to enforce any laws of the Central Government which are not in accordance with the customs and traditions. The land laws and the laws of the land will not be able to work if this amendment cannot be achieved.
Atal Bihari Vajpayee has served three terms as Prime Minister of India, the first term for only 13 days in 1996, the second term for 11 days. He served as Prime Minister from 1998 to 1999 and in the same year 1999 he took over as Prime Minister until the end of
About 2 lakh North Koreans are believed to have been imprisoned.
Speaking at the meeting, Samla Lambok explained the foundations of the Seng which since its inception in 1978 and in the past 42 years, the Seng has stood on three pillars. It is to preserve the customs and traditions that have been established by our ancestors.
Shillong, July 03: In a meeting convened by the CSWO and Tura today, they discussed the issue of prostitution of children by public leaders using the The houses are run by the family members of the Minister of Home Affairs.
The KSU Laban Circle recently gave a deadline to the illegal residents of Maxwelton estate to leave immediately as it is a government property. get the answer.
Shylla also said that the Chairperson of the Meghalaya State Women Commission, Kong Thelin Phanbuh, will use the Commission as a civil society organization because the Commission is a judiciary and has the power. “almost judicial Power”.
Speaking to reporters, the Deputy Commissioner in charge of Navodaya Vidyalaya Samiti Schools in the North East said that the celebration of the NEP-2020 will be held at Pragati Maidan. in Delhi where the Prime Minister of India will deliver a speech.
However, the public should not worry about any impact on the health of humans and plants and animals in the area as the DoT has provided adequate procedures to ensure safety from Electromagnetic Radiation.
Shillong, March 02: GNLA member Bande Ch.
The rally will be held in Dangar and the date of the rally will be announced. For young people who want to become security guards, young people who want to become mystery wood or cement, young people who want to make lights and also to make water and also for women who want to sew clothes and those who want to set up beauty parlors .
The office bearers of the HYC Hima Malai Sohmat were confirmed by the Education Secretary of the HYC Hima Malai Sohmat in the presence of the Women Wing of the HYC.
On the same day, the president of the KSU urged the state government to talk to the central government to provide the jobs that NEHU will provide for many students. The MCA is not located at Shillong NEHU. The MCA has received a speech by the Chief Minister's Secretary, Bah Prestone Tynsong, in which he said that the study of Japanese will soon start. There is no complaint but the courses should be provided according to the grades that are still in short supply in the school.
This mother was a great man in that she rejected the thousands of thousands of dollars offered to her. "I rejected the Lei Longspah by showing my steadfastness until the day of my death by standing firm. to oppose uranium by looking far and thinking about the future of the community, the region and the nation”.
We must move forward in these matters.
It was his vision that continued to achieve the objectives of the government.
One of the songs that the group has performed is 'Anti-Litter Jingle'
The preparations for the commemoration of Tirot Singh by the Hima have been completed.
“In this way, it is the responsibility of the people of the country to exceed expectations and show the world the potential, beliefs, social strength and wisdom of India.
In the meeting with the union, the Minister said that the government is now ready to introduce the State Police to curb drug abuse in the state and how to change those who have been involved in drug trafficking. fall into this evil drink.
Lumdiengjri Police Station said that the MVI report was made on Tuesday and the vehicle was released on the same day.
However, to get the report whether a person has contracted the disease or not, it takes about 24 to 48 hours.
On this occasion, the people from all over Shillong have come to this venue to wait for the outcome of the discussion in the House whether the House will accept or not the implementation of the ILP in the state. she claimed.
The KSU has questioned how the Cantonment Board cannot own the land where the Lady Keane College is located when the college was established in 1935 many years before the Cantonment Board was established.
Bah Erwin said that at this juncture, if we oppose the government to restore the coal mining industry, we must come out publicly or we must leave all of us, because when we get it, we must get together and when you lose you should lose together.
The Payment for Ecosystem Services (PES) is a scheme that provides financial assistance to Villages, Kurs and individuals who come out to conserve and protect the forests in Meghalaya.
Also present on the occasion were the Sordars of Nongthliew, Bah OS Kurbah Langkyrteng, Bah S Lawriniang Kurbah War, Bah T Balawan Syiem Nongthliew Sharum, Bah M Lawriniang and Bah E Khongjee.
According to Bah S Langrin, we as a party feel sorry for these refugees but as human beings we cannot do anything because such incidents happen all over the world and it is also a God's purpose and order.
He also explained that Abul Kalam Hussain's claim to be President is wrong and that the group led by Hussain was illegally formed and was only a power grab. get personal benefit.
The officers there don't understand anything,” he said, adding that if the CCTV footage doesn't show what he witnessed, he is ready to be arrested and detained.
As the days went by, the students also came forward in their campuses and it was in 1972 that the college received the government's recognition as a deficit college. .
Because the patient is from the health sector, the state government has now quarantined all those who have been in contact with the patient to prevent the spread of the disease.
Tur also wishes to express its deep sorrow that the CAA 2019 has created unfounded fear among the minorities across the North East including us Khasi, Jaintia and Garo.
The Government through various Block or Departments of Government such as PWD, PHE, Health, etc should not leave it to the Village Authorities but should look into it and take action if they really want to bring about cleanliness around the area. the village of Khasi-Jaintia.
Regarding the setting up of police out posts on the border, the government is still working to ensure that the setting up of police out posts should not be a cause of conflict. Discussions will also continue to address the issues.
The Bangladeshi delegation was welcomed at Dawki and taken to Umpling at the BSF Frontier.
Speaking to media, Bah Roykupar Synrem urged the District Administration that after finding out for themselves, the DC should not delay to investigate and if they do not act soon, the DC will take action. The DC has urged the people of Hynniewtrep to join hands with the HYC. On the claim of the DC that there is a fight against smoking, that the place where there is smoking is only in the areas where the weapons are collected. Therefore, the District authorities should remove all these illegal residents as this place has not been involved in the fight against smoking.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: A group of religious leaders of the KJCLF today held a discussion on the situation of Christians and the situation of churches as it is in the country as a whole. you are now.
Bah A.Andrew Shullai, Dy-CEM of JHADC in his speech said that the children who get to study in such schools are indeed specially selected and urged them to become who are responsible for their own work to rise in society.
If these things continue to happen, the government should take responsibility and if anything happens, the government should not interfere and should not interfere because we cannot just look at the corruption and corruption. government's violence against the state.
Cross the floor- Ryngkoh Pynkheiñakor which goes beyond the boundaries of the Legislative Assembly as a ryngkoh to violate the human rights in the legislative assembly in the society.
After conducting investigation, the driver of the vehicle was taken to Laban Police Station for further investigation.
Shillong, Naitung 10: The Union Defense Minister, Rajnath Singh, on Tuesday said that the road to a 'new India' will pass through the economic development and stability of the 'new North East'
The church was founded by Hajom Kissor Singh Lyngdoh Nongbri and his followers, Mar Sutnga Paslein, Kat Sohmynting Shylla, Men Kurimai Lyngdoh and Phareinbon Rani, wife of HK Singh. in the city of Jowai.
The purpose is to avoid any conflict during the elections.
This is according to a statement sent by Dusterwell K. Lyngdoh, Organizing Secretary of KSU Umdohlun Circle.
Others who were present were DC, Bah CVD Diengoh, Assistant Director, Border Areas Development, Garo Hills, EGR Marak.
The meeting was held at Pinewood Hotel Shillong. The meeting was held today at the invitation of the Government. .
An application for a driving license under Rule 14 of the CMVR, 1989 must be accompanied by Form 5 or Form 5B. The authority to issue driving licenses is with the department that issues these licences.
This is also to ensure that the people can come out to cast their votes without any fear to exercise their right to cast their votes in a clean and transparent manner as voters who have your rights.
Shillong, July 28: U Flaming B Marak, one of the volunteers from Garo Hills, has sent a complaint to the Chief Secretary of the State Government, Katakey, alleging that there is no coal mining. beain in Darengre in Chokpot.
Please contact us at 9612154102 Bah Rasting Thabah, Treasurer, 9436117184 Bah HS Shylla, Chairman, 7630091170 Bah Egenstar Kukalang Nongum, Vice-Chairman.
Suchiang won the MLA election from the 4th Assembly Constituency in 1988 from the Congress party.
Mahatma Gandhi raised this issue in 1942 in his struggle against British Rules.
When it was tabled in the House, the Bill was not passed because the ruling party, which had the right to vote, did not vote against the Bill.
Shillong, Nailar 15: Regarding education, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the MDA government has taken seriously this issue and said that the students in secondary schools There are 1,04,727 students in Higher Secondary Schools and 54,739 students in Higher Secondary Schools.
Speaking after the presentation of the Central Government's budget in the Lok Sabha, Prime Minister Duh said that the budget promotes the commitment to Aatamnirbharta and the participation of every person in the country.
Shillong, Lber 28: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Teinwell Dkhar, in reply to a question raised by Nongpoh MDC Balajied Ranee regarding the permission to survey the geological resources of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). India by former CEM of KHADC Bah HS Shylla, if the NOC has anything to do with uranium, the EC will remove it.
Shillong, July 18: There are 15 MDCs in the ruling PDF including the Chairman of the KHADC. Shillong, July 18: After the State Government decided to issue more C&RDs, Block Office including Mawlai C&RD Block.
Most of the expenses were incurred in the construction of many facilities for the National Games.
On the opposition of various groups from East Jaintia Hills to the proposal of the State Government to bring a railway line to East Jaintia Hills, the Chairman of the MJAC, Bah Biangshwa Shylla said that as a group of vehicle owners. They are against the Government's plan to build a railway line because they will suffer a huge loss of revenue as the railway will carry thousands of tonnes while the vehicles will carry only tens of tonnes.
The time has come to demand and achieve a Khasi-Jaintia State because the achievement of a Meghalaya State is not based on the identity of the Khasi-Pnar.
On behalf of the Save Hynniewtrep Mission, we strongly condemn this statement by the KAAC leader and it shows that this person has no knowledge of the history and facts regarding the land. shyiap in Mukroh, Barato, Psiar, Khanduli and Block-1
To find out the truth, the police are now investigating the incident to find out the facts as at present the allegations are mutual.
During the VPP's visit, Mawlai MLA Bah Brightstar Marbaniang was initially blocked by the police until a clash broke out between the MLA and the police.
The performances included the traditional dances of the state, shad pliang, shad Wangala, traditional dances, organized by the Department of Culture and Heritage in collaboration with the Indian Council. for Cultural Relations (ICCR), if North East Zone.
Shillong, Lber 15: Answering a question by Mohendro Rapsang, the Minister in charge of Transport and Transport, Bah Dasakhiatbha Lamare, said that the flybig from Shillong to Delhi has started in you're right now.
The Union of Waheh Shnongs of East Jaintia Hills took part in the protest against the government's permission to import coal from the coal mining factories in East Jaintia Hills from Assam.
Shillong, June 21: The Bouncers Association of Meghalaya (BAM) today paid tribute to Bah Kennedy Warlarpih, Vice President of the Association of Meghalaya, who passed away in July.
In his speech, he said that these vehicles will help the people in the villages as many of the villagers do not have vehicles.
The president of HUAM said that in a meeting with the Executive Engineer of Mawsynram PWD Division, Bah Andrew Umdor, he said that the contract has been awarded.
This includes eight candidates to contest the postponed elections in the 29-Betul (ST) PC of Madhya Pradesh.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Minister said that many schemes have been prepared by the government to improve the income of the people in the rural areas. of the people.
The meeting was attended by the Heads of Police, District Social Welfare Department, Director of Health Department, Director of NIMHANS and Heads of Police of the District. it is not enough that the policy to fight drug abuse has been accepted by the government.
Therefore, as the BIET Center has been completed and started in the past few years, the union is pleased that if the BIET Center does not reach anywhere, the government should convert it into a D.I.E.T Center with the allocation of funds. It will be completed on the land which the government has already taken over in previous years.
Regarding the deployment of workers at night, it is necessary to leave and especially the safety of women.
He said that the attack on the farmers from Thyllaw village is an act of treating them like animals and not like fellow human beings.
“I have ordered the workers to clean up once again so that it will look like the same and many projects in Umphyrnai village have almost been completed and the remaining work is about 10 kilometers long,” said Bah Lambor.
Shillong, Nailar 30: The question is why the Congress party in Meghalaya has not held the election for the election of the President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC). On 22nd July 2012, Congress leaders from Meghalaya have written a letter to AICC President Sonia Gandhi requesting her to resign. The Acting President of the committee, Dr Friday Lyngdoh, was not able to appoint a healthy body at that time.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that the extension of the term of the JHADC is to allow the members of the ANVC to take part in the session. The election will be held in this House.
Bah Bull was arrested and tied up by the government authorities.
In a petition sent to the Minister of Agriculture, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh through General Secretary Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon, the VPP said, “The department, therefore, needs a lot of attention. not only in the initiation of various schemes but more importantly in their implementation.
Speaking to media after the meeting, the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem said that all three ADCs have been elected to the National Assembly. They have decided unanimously to oppose the Government of India's plan to implement the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) in Meghalaya. The ADC Council will send a resolution on the 14th of this month to the Law Commission and the Government of India to express the clear grounds for its opposition to the UCC. The District Councils of the State have not received any letter from the Law Commission but have decided to send a letter to the Commission against the UCC. The purpose of the letter to the Law Commission is also to give its opinion to the Commission on why the Autonomous District Councils and the people of Meghalaya are strongly opposed to the UCC,” said Bah Pyniaid.
It is learned that today there was a meeting with the village headmen where the government gave them the guidelines on how to act if anyone from their village returns to their village.
Shillong, July 19: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has sent a letter to the Chairman of the North Eastern Electric Power Corporation (NEEPCO) to suspend the post of Managing Director of the North Eastern Electric Power Corporation (NEEPCO). The examination and all examination centers should be located in the States of the North East of India.
“As we do during blood donation for this treatment we have to look at the blood group and the compatibility of Rh.
The group also said that the inability of the Syiem to bring clarity regarding the land within the Hima has turned into a source of grief among the residents and also to the Hima. the sons of thousands of Hima.
The Secretary, Culture, Govind Mohan said that the program will include the laying of the Shilaphalakam handed over to the freedom fighters and the security forces along with the Panch Pran Pledge, VasudhaVandan, Veeron and Vandan in honor of the sacrifice of these heroes of the country.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that he wants to restore the glory of Meghalaya as a source of education for the North East.
While they were selling, the four youths suddenly found them and immediately fled the scene and broke the golden tin containing drugs and injections in the ground floor of the house. Icybon firecrackers.
These technologies such as satellite Earth observation, satellite communications and satellite navigation help in agriculture, disaster management, transportation, health and also addressing the challenges posed by climate change, he added.
We are careful not to offend anyone's feelings and ensure that there should be no impact on the rights or the nation,” he said.
If the government does not do anything regarding the border, the party will have to go to the people.
Officials from the PWD department of the state government said that the difference here is that the central government has to pay only 40% and the contractor has to pay 60% of the cost of construction of this road at a cost of T .360 crores.
Three years to complete the work and 17 years to collect from this road to cover the cost of construction of this road.
The union urges the government to release them immediately especially why the police don't have any compassion for those young women who have small children. For them because we are the servants of the nation and we as the nation of the land of U 7trep we must get our rights.
Secretary of Psiar Village Ma Bhalang Lamare The Secretary of Psiar Village on the 14th of this month lodged a complaint with the leader of JACJO that the Assam Police have seized a vehicle carrying stone and shyiap. Surprisingly, the Assam police also took away the mobile phone of the Secretary of Psiar Village.
The deceased were four, Donia Khyriem, 59, of Mawkriah, MD Salim, 72, of Mawbah, Dran Lyngkhoi, 65, of Smit and Minati Chakraborty, 75, of Last Stop Laban.
Shillong has held its 10th annual meeting and this is the 4th meeting and this meeting was held at the Garrison Engineer Shillong (MES).
However, this certificate does not exempt those who have received it from the requirement to take a driving test under sub-rule (2) of Rule 15 of the CMVR,
Shillong, Naitung 20: The MSSASA today expressed its dissatisfaction with the speech of the Minister of Education of the Meghalaya Government against the SSA teachers. The Ministry of Education has warned the SSA teachers that if they do not stop their strike and go home, the government will count or cut the salaries of the SSA teachers. struggle.
The four houses that were destroyed include the house of Bah Drome Nongrum, Kong Skhirmai Nongrum, Bah Koslin Mynsong and the house of Bah Thnowel Lawai.
Shillong, July 27: The Dorbar Shnong Wahthapbru in collaboration with Bawri Nethralaya, today conducted a Free Eye Camp at the Community Hall of Wahthapbru where 280 residents of the village received eye treatment. advantage.
Shillong, Lber 21: The Rangbah Shnong of Golflink, Bah Michael Hek today distributed food items to 35 residents of the village and 5 of them are ASHAs from the village.
The Farmer Association has already lodged a complaint with the police regarding this incident, said the president of the Farmer Association Adogre.
A letter has been sent to Vincent Pala, MP of Meghalaya, on the proposal to set up NEHU in Jaintia Hills.
She recently led the group to participate in the traditional dance at the Adi Shaurya Parv Parakram
The CEO said that there are 326 polling stations in urban areas and 3186 in rural areas.
Shah said the raising of the national flag at more than 21,600 feet by these NDRF members was a victory for the entire team.
He said that NESO calls for the restoration of peace and at the same time urged the Government to take action against these incidents and to maintain peace and order and arrest the perpetrators. bad.
The Mishmi people are descended from King Bhishmak and through him to his daughter Rukmini and Lord Krishna.
He said that 25 blocks will get EMRS schools, for which the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has allocated T.50 crore. Doctors in the preparation of schemes as this has put them in a difficult situation where 50% of the time they are busy in the preparation of schemes they don't have time to treat the patients.
On the first day, the day will be held at the designated places and after this there will be a visit to the homes of those households with children under five years old. The application will also be under the supervision of the District Medical & Health Officer, Nongstoin.
Various groups who came to encourage Kong Bindas Syiem on Friday who was sitting in the parking lot near the Additional Secretariat Office, Shillong have strongly criticized the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government. The National People's Party (NPP) has ignored the deterioration of the Nongpoh-Umden-Sonapur road.
The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Y Tshering, welcomed the guests on the occasion. Many officers from various government departments, Rangbah Shnongs of Shillong were present. The ceremony was held at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong.
According to the latest news received by the SP News Agency, the Chairman of the KHADC has written a letter to the Minister of Home Affairs of India to include the KHADC in the meeting. The Speaker of the KHADC, Bah PN Syiem, the CEM of the KHADC, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, have left for Delhi today to meet with the KHADC. Besides the Lamphang and CEM of KHADC, other members of the UDF who attended the ceremony were Bah Lamphrang Blah, Bah Alvin. K Sawkmie, Balajied Ranee, Karnes Sohshang, Mitchell Wankhar, Grabiel Wahlang and Macdaylne M Mawlong.
As Congress employees, they will soon demand from the Congress leaders that Irin should not be included in the Executive Committee of Bah Pynshgnain Syuiem in KHADC. (SP News).
Replying to a question by Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh regarding the Rat Hall Mining, the Chief Minister said that such coal mining in Meghalaya is found in other places. but it is known as a tunnel mine.
Besides these devices, there has also been a problem in terms of damage to computers and mobile phones due to charging during sudden power outages.
In an interview with the officer, he suggested that they should meet and lodge a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of the district, to take the necessary action. Shillong, Nailur 03: The KSU has not accepted the MBBS 2023 syllabus issued by the government. The union has received information that many Non-Tribals have been admitted to the Open Category.
The total number of cases in the state is 690, East Khasi Hills 438, BSF 87, civilians 279 and Army
The RSETIs will be a training center for the villagers to be trained in any job they wish. The Bank will provide training to the youth who have come to receive training. The Bank will select 1000 women to donate equipment worth up to T.3000/- tyngka.
Earlier, there was a discussion on the issue by the MDC of Sohra who is also the Leader of the Opposition, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne.
Treiborlang R Suchen said that the party is sorry for the exploitation of the people and the party wants to send a clear message to the people that they should not use such phones. call of the recipients.
Police said they will investigate again after the man has recovered.
He urged the people to take advantage of the schemes under the factory sector of the state government.
This was announced by BJP National General Secretary and Headquarters Incharge Arun Singh in a letter of appointment.
The union strongly opposes the statement of the Deputy Commissioner when she said that AMD has not asked for permission from her. who owns the land".
If the Dorbar Hima Mylliem cannot be convened properly, it is clear that there is something behind it which will put the country and the nation at great risk especially to the future generations.
Those who apply should not be more than 35 years of age and should not be less than 19 years of age, but for those who have not been approved by the government, they will be approved up to 40 years.
It is not easy to understand Gandhiji.
More than 1.7 crore Ayushman Cards were issued and more than 2.2 crore people were screened at Health Camps during the Yatra.
The Secretary, North East Council (NEC) is a member of the Forum.
In a statement sent by the students who passed the examination, they said that since the list was issued, MeECL has not been able to appoint a single candidate. seven months passed, and now there are only seven months left.
The four town committees which the EC today decided to abolish are Mawkyrwat Town Committee, Mawlai Town Committee, Sohiong Town Committee, Umsning Town Committee and Mariang Town Committee. Committee.
Shillong, Nailar 02: An MDC from Umsning Constituency today lodged an FIR with the Superintendent of Police of East Khasi Hills District for posting an indecent post against her on social media.
Police have registered a complaint against Lahbor and the investigation into the incident is ongoing. At the time of writing, Lahbor is still in Civil Court. Hospital for treatment.
Shillong, Naitung 30: A public meeting called by the civil society organizations against the New Shillong Township has been scheduled to be held at Madan Malki on the 1st of July. what they have to explain.
Another is, Life Stories written by Cassandra Syiemlieh, who has retired from teaching English at St. Edmund's College, Shillong.
This is part of efforts to bridge the gap between farmers and large foreign markets.
The GSU said that the Khasi have been the last children of Meghalaya since independence and the VPP's allegation that they have been discriminated against is groundless.
On this day, there was a free treatment and distribution of medicines. On this day, there was a football match for men and women and after the match, weapons were distributed. to the various villages who came to take part.
Up to 54 children who have been blind since birth have regained their appearance through this treatment at Ganesh Das Maternal and Child Health Hospital.
“This is a demand based on the Union of Hynniewtrep Sordar Shnongs of this area,” he said.
Prestone said East Khasi Hills District is still under the Orange Zone and the government has to inform the central government about this and will issue a notice.
Shillong, July 24: BSF troops have arrested Sahinul Islam of Assam while he was taking money from a Bangladeshi at Bagli in South West Khasi Hills. to flee.
In a meeting with the Seng Leaders, the Commissioner said that he has done this through the directive of the State Government and will respond as soon as possible and in more detail to the letter of the State Government. the Seng after receiving the direction of his superior authorities.
This is part of the program.
“It is something we cannot accept as a party and (for now) we will wait for the results of the investigation into the case of Bah Tarson,” said Bah Sadon.
Shillong, July 13: The National People's Party (NPP) has accused the National People's Party (NPP) of corruption in the purchase of sugarcane distributed to the people through ration shops in the form of contract awards. “The food and beverage department should be closed down and the CBI should investigate,” said James K Sangma.
The union is very sorry and angry that the government has not used these items for the cleanliness of the village as a whole. The relevant authorities should take action to reactivate this office.
These Congress youths who carried placards in front of the BJP office in the state are part of the protest against the implementation of the CAA in the state and abroad. India as a whole.
The DC said that those who went to work have already gone to their places of work, those who went to get medicine or Tika can go, students who went to write examinations, teachers who looked after the examinations can go. you can show your ID if you don't ask.
He said that he has been appointed in the Ministry of Education without any knowledge and the KSA should accept him. He said that he can take the Khasi language examination in the ICSC, MBOSE and ISC while he cannot take the examination. In his capacity as an officer, he wrote to the CBSE Chairman that Khasi should be allowed to be taught in Khasi because other languages ​​like Dukra, Nepali Lepcha and others are small languages. but they have, but the Khasi and Garo do not have this written but it has not come far.
This is the first book in which the author has contributed to the literature of Hynniewtrep.
“I have received information that there are up to 3 lakh drug addicts in the state,” said Tsering. the news.
However, if the Government wishes, it can take action to improve the construction of roads and in any way it can avoid the destruction.
Speaking to reporters, Dr Mukul said that the blame for this unjustified shooting is on the police. If you say there is a need for an independent investigation, how can you ensure that it will be independent? the blame is around senior police officers, do they have that confidence to say that that investigation will be independent.
At this meeting, it was discussed how to ensure a smooth and efficient election.
As part of the celebration of the iconic week of Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav, the Regional Outreach Bureau has organized a photo exhibition on the freedom struggle at Rabindra Bhawan from 23rd July.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Bah T Lyngwa, said that the office has already prepared all the surveys regarding the land to be taken for the construction of the road from Nongstoin to Kyrshai. Connect to Assam.
“This protest is the right we protest in a democratic country,” said Bah Ardent.
In the Dorbar, Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Dorbar of Chiefs of Hynniewtrep, informed that the Dorbar has prepared various meetings in preparation for the Dorbar Ri and said that the Dorbar of Sordars including the Rangbah, Youth from the Villages, Raid of the Hima Nongkhlaw will meet at 10 am on the 21st January 2013, at Mairang, Office of the Syiem of Nongkhlaw;  The meeting will be held at 11 am on 22nd January 2013 at the Office of the Syiem of Nongstoin. The Dolloi and Sirdar of the 18th District of Jaintia Hills will meet at 11 am on the 25th January 2013 at Hall Tpep Pale Locality, Jowai. , and the Village Authorities of Mawsynram at 11 am on 28th Jan 2013, all the Village Authorities from Shnong, Raid of Hima Khyrim will meet at 11 am on the 30th at Smit, Hima Khyrim with the Authorities, Elders, Youth from Shnong, to Raid Hima Mylliem, at 12 noon on 31st January 2013, at Mawkhar, Office, Syiem Dorbar Hall, Mylliem Hima, therefore, the bador is strongly requested to take action in time to get clarification regarding the need to arrive. Please attend the Dorbar Ri at Mairang on 13th February 2013 at 10 am.
If this happens, it will put our State in great trouble.
Out of the four Ministerial posts in the MDA-I government, only two have been given in the MDA-II government and if they continue to support in 2028, the NPP will zero them.
Shillong, Naiwieng 8: Police have arrested Bah Breezy, who was known as Bah Breezy, who came from Byrnihat to buy drugs.
These groups expressed their regret over the absence of the Vice Chancellor of NEHU from attending the meeting, despite the Governor's order to hold an emergency meeting on the incident.
Patrisha Sylliang was the President, Sahnam Moksha was the President, Eucharist Moksha was the Vice President, Eucharist Moksha was the General Secretary, Thirteen Syngkli was the Assistant General Secretary, Phangei Moksha was the Finance Secretary. Modest Makdoh, Treasurer, Sibilian Shadap, Education Secretary, Twenty Shadap, Organizing Secretary and Apkyrmen Lymphuid, Publicity Secretary.
Shillong, June 08: The President of the Mahila Congress of Meghalaya, Dada War, on Tuesday said that Wansuk is entitled to become an MP in the Rajya Sabha as she is one of the oldest workers in the Congress party. .
The meeting was not to congratulate the Congress leaders but a special invitation from the AMDC to congratulate the leaders of the Congress. The All Mawsynram Development Council Lawbah Area Unit and also to explain the photography for the MHIS-III scheme so that the organization can continue to raise awareness among the people as many of the people from the area are afraid to As the leaders and members of the area, they understand the importance of the MHIS-III scheme. The people in charge of this scheme, they too as the people within the organization can explain to others about the MHIS-III scheme which the people need to get.
SC Sadhu DC of East Khasi Hills has been transferred to the post of Director Rural Development Department, Secretary Rural Development Department, Fisheries and Agriculture Department. they shall not look upon the waters.
In recognition of his outstanding contributions to the state and India, the Union of Riti Academy has honored and awarded him the Ma S Quotient Summer-2023 Memorial Award.
He said that about 10 states have already written to the Food and Civil Supplies Department to extend the distribution of rice under PMGKAY for three months.
She also emphasized on the link between diet and various diseases and proper diet.
Police have also been directed to accompany doctors and health workers who go to different places to examine people for signs of the disease.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: Ka FKJGP today met with the Minister in charge of Urban Affairs, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar to urge the government to implement the authorities. built in Marten to remove this blood.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that in the fight against the spread of COVID-19, there may be shortcomings here and there, but it is not the time to criticize. I don't know why you don't have the cooperation of all.
Because of the COVID-19 pandemic, it has been found that there are differences in the way people seek treatment and that there is a reluctance among patients to go to hospitals, which has led to a problem and a decrease in people's health just because they delay going to the hospital.
The briefing of the Chief Justice of the High Court of Meghalaya was held at the Governor's residence at Raj Bhavan Shillong today.
On the other hand, the Seng has warned those who sell expired goods and those who sell expired goods.
Furthermore, the KHADC has sent a letter to the union informing that it has already canceled the NOC for uranium mining from the 22nd.
At present, the airport in Guwahati is an international airport.
The length of this road is 3.359.59 kms; Of these, 2,762.11 kms were completed in November
The Seng also found many school children in uniform, who came to sit here in the forest during the school holidays.
Minister of State for Steel.
Replying to the allegation by the HSPDP that he is an agent of someone, Prestone said, “I am a Khasi” and I understand the problems caused by this land grabbing.
Wansuk is one of the members of the North East climbing team to climb the highest mountain in the world.
Bah Michael Kharsyntiew, one of the members of the Trust, said that these are the supports that the Ktiews Trust has done in these years to support the Hospital which has provided services to the people. the state.
It was for this reason that Mawryngkhang took the most beautiful young woman and hid the cup behind her.
He urged the residents to take advantage of this training through the VLE at CSC Lawsohtun.
The KHADC shall introduce amendments to ensure that there is an adequate count of the entry and exit of foreigners.
Members of the union who investigated the foreigners said that they were planning to go to work in Ummulong, West Jaintia Hills. India and immediately the leaders of the party have deported the foreigners and the vehicle that entered the state illegally without proper documents.
Adding on this, Bah Louis Dohtdong said that the Government should not waste time to summon the Sengbhalang to the Police Stations but should fulfill its duty by sending the Police to to protect the people in the border villages who are facing 40 types of harassment by the Police and Karbis living in Assam.
At that time, as we know, it was not released because the market was closed, and the people to transport kwai, tympew, tyrpat leaves, synsar were still in trouble because the market was closed completely.
According to information received, the Governor will appoint a Provincial Chairman to conduct the elections tomorrow morning and an interim CEM to look after the office. The Governor of Meghalaya will have to issue an announcement today so the CEM election will be held tomorrow.
There are 129 confirmed cases and 20 cases in hospital, 1 case in East Garo Hills, 12 cases in East Khasi Hills, 1 case in North Garo Hills, 1 case in Ri Bhoi, 1 case in West Garo Hills and 1 case in West Jaintia Hills. Hills 4 people.
On the other hand, the BSF said that due to the high price of beef to Bangladesh, the smugglers have been arrested from time to time.
The purpose of this inspection was to address the problems faced by the people at the gate in the past few days. they faced problems from time to time in this area.
Police have registered the incident and at the time of writing, police have not arrested the suspect.
He said that he accepts the RDA's election of him as a poor and poor child who has no experience in politics but the RDA's appointment as a candidate has been an honor. and it shows that the RDA is a group of the poor, the needy and the poor.
“We hope that the Congress party in Mawsynram in 2018 will win a glorious victory unlike in the past years,” he said.
Syiem Wickliff is a Syiem whom the Jaidbynriew does not remember because he has not received recognition from the Government of India.
It is learned that this is the first time in the past year that these wild elephants have come to destroy the area. Last year, in these months, they came to destroy. The Wildlife Department of the Government has not done anything to protect the farmland or to provide assistance to the affected people.
Shillong, Nailur 24: The month-long celebration of the Poshan Abhiyan was held today at Mariang with a march by the BDO of Mairang Block, Bah V Swer. .
At this meeting, the KSU strongly criticized the temporary recruitment of more than 50 persons at the Civil Hospital Mawkyrwat without issuing an advertisement or calling for an interview before filling them for various posts.
Umsning Block Development Officer Raja Brahma said that 47 villages have been affected from four Gram Sebak Circles so far this evening. there have been no reported incidents so far this evening.
“We cannot create skills.
The union has found that this activity of foreign tour operators has affected the indigenous youth who are self-employed especially in terms of the development of tourism in the state.
“So far I have not received any letter from the Principals of Colleges that they are against the implementation of the NEP 2023 but there are only one or two who have expressed their disagreement with the implementation of the NEP,” said Prof. Prabha Shankar Shukla.
He urged the soldiers to be disciplined.
In this regard, there is a need to talk to the Assam government and the most important thing is the feeling regarding the movement of people in sending jhur from one place to another. you still want to avoid this conflict.
Jha has requested the President of India to take action to resolve the issue. to all the problems.
Jowai, Naitung 11: Once again, the Behdeiñkhlam, the religious festival of the Niamtre people of the Raij Jowai, has been celebrated.
Tura, Naitung 18: The election for the post of Chief Executive Member of GHADC was held today in which Congress candidate Boston Marak won against NPP candidate Sukharan K Sangma by seven votes. .
“We have also been informed that there are some papers selected by the students that are missing from the Admit Card.
“Former Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, on the second anniversary of GST, said on his blog, “...GST helps consumers and assessees.
In another development, it was learned that many of the people from Assam today went to Dawki area but when they reached Pynursla they were arrested and sent back from Pynursla Police Station.
It was reported to reporters at Shillong Press Club today that the party has sent a letter to the CEM of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem. The CEM said that he will go to Delhi to get clarification on this road and when he comes back from Delhi he will give an answer. On the other hand, Bah Stelin Thongni, Rangbah Shnong of Pendeng Umjarain, said that the JAC is clear in requesting the NOC. The KHADC has also made it clear that it will not issue NOC for uranium mining, but should issue NOC for road construction.
The HYC demands the immediate removal of Power Minister James K Sangma at this time, as the government has appointed a team of inquiry to investigate the allegations within MeECL and other departments of MeECL. MeECL has received the removal of the CMD and the Power Secretary. The HYC wants the Minister in charge to be removed.
Speaking to media, Charles Marngar said that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, has promised to immediately ask the officers to prepare the funds for the construction of the noh to these roads.
It was also agreed by all parties that the NOC cannot be issued in the name of private individuals who are the leaders of the Company but should be issued in the name of the Company.
In his speech, Sanjay said that if the people of Mahendraganj elect him as their leader, the goal is to eradicate poverty and find ways to create jobs for the youth. you're the city.
“We are still collecting more information to find out the truth,” said the General Secretary of the KSU on the incident in Laitumkhrah on Friday night.
Answering a question regarding the market, the Minister said that the market belongs to the Hima Mylliem and it is up to the Hima to decide if it needs the cooperation of the Hima. The government is ready to do what it can.
People from all over the Khasi Jaintia Hills District have come to witness this day.
Police have recovered three mobile phones, a laptop and other documents from him. HNLC has been elected by Bah Man.
With the timely arrival of the police, they were able to rescue the damage to the houses in the area.
Speech was also delivered by Bah LT Tariang, Block Development Officer, Mawkynrew C&RD Block who was also the chief guest.
He also praised the courage and success of the Make in India initiative.
On the other hand, the government authorities have strengthened the security of the police in all the districts and areas of the city.
The Minister said that the construction of these schools has been funded by the Asian Development Bank. The construction of the school building in Khliehrait will cost T.1.68 crore and the school building in Byndihati will cost T.1.75 crore.
According to sources, MPCC President DD Lapang said that although it is up to the Chief Minister to elect the minister, it is understood that the invitation is which is very strong among the Congress.
She said that those who have received their names are only those who have come forward to lodge a complaint or not.
The dance is very interesting in which young girls and boys take part in this dance to thank the Creator and at the same time to preserve their own customs and traditions as children. Khasi Khara doesn't have its own culture.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the Minister of State, Bah Aristotle Rymbai, President of the party, said that the Minister of State has said that the government has The salary of these SSA teachers will be increased according to the budget estimate of the Central Government on 1st June this year. office.
Independent candidate Jubanlak Kharbhikhiew said that the reason for his election is to guide the youth.
Chalai said the money is expected to be released within the next two or three months and the State Government should implement it immediately.
At this meeting, the BJP party has decided to support the Prime Minister's wishes and that is to make India a country full and standing on its own feet. broadcast to the people of the state.
On the other hand, Kumar said that there is a need to import foreign bees such as Apis and mellifera to strengthen the production of honey in the state.
Latest reports said that there has been talk that the mid-term MDC elections should not be held and if the NPP or UDP wins, the EC led by Bah Latiplang Kharkongor will be dismissed.
Prime Minister Duh said India's goal is not only to increase food production capacity.
Regarding the Antigent Test, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has been directed to start immediately in those 71 areas which the government has already announced.
After the incident, the driver of the truck fled the scene and police are investigating to arrest the driver of the truck. A complaint has been registered at Mawryngkneng Police Station.
Shillong, Naitung 04: The Congress party has proposed to the UDP to cooperate by proposing the post of Chief Minister to the UDP. which led the NPP to fail.
In East Khasi Hills, 1 case is from the army, 5 cases from the BSF and 4 cases from the civilian population. , 1 is near the Civil Hospital and 1 is working in the health department.
The RPF has stepped up its search operations inside the rails after rescuing 41 children from the hands of human traffickers in July last year. Line these voluntary organizations and to family members.
He urged the School Principals (SMCs), teachers and especially the students to be vigilant.
At the same time, they also asked the Minister why she has ignored the call of the civil society to raise this issue in front of the people.
When asked why he doesn't want to contest as an independent candidate, Samborlang said that this is what he wants, and if he is elected as a leader he will not work for the development of the party. the development of the people especially the farmers.
The blood donation was concluded by saying that this is another milestone in the service of the NCC to the people.
The Chief Minister has removed three ministers and appointed three new ministers. The names of the ministers are unknown as this is in the The Congress party has appointed the Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
The meeting was also held with the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare as this disease is still present in Meghalaya and at the same time if the rainfall is less, the puja will come. , but the decision will be taken by the Election Commission.
A few months after the meeting of the AJYWO with the former CEM of JHADC, the AJYWO sought information through RTI and surprisingly, in Jaintia Hills, there are only 1397 Trading Licenses so far.
On the other hand, the MDCs who met the CEM today, elected Bah HS Shylla as their leader and authorized Bah Shylla to speak to the media. This is the outcome of the talks with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
Meghalaya football players will leave home tomorrow to take part in the 77th Santosh Trophy to be held in Itanagar, Arunachal Pradesh.
There have been opportunities for progress in mobilization but large numbers of people are still not secure that they claim that organizations will be supported or not by banks.
For more information, please contact the district officers.
Ibashisha Mawlong, Joint Secretary, Revenue and Disaster Management Department, told SP News Agency that they have not yet received all the reports from all the districts regarding the floods. by the Fani storm.
The suspect is undergoing treatment at the government hospital.
He said that farmers can take advantage of various schemes and programs where the subsidy is very high.
Meanwhile, the employees of GHADC have not received their salaries for nearly two years and the employees of JHADC have not received their salaries for nine months.
As it appears from the videos released in the media, it was clear that the people were shouting, bombing and using rude words and insulting and this has led to a clash against the police and the police. They are not responsible for the District.
At the same time, MEPA requests all the journalists and daily readers across the Khasi Jaintia Hills to attend the meeting. and on the demand for the recognition of the Khasi language as the official language.
Jowai, Jymmang 11: The Meghalaya Joint Action Committee (MJAC) today held a meeting with the coal owners at 7-Mer in West. Jiantia Hills District and at this meeting one voice was raised demanding that if the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma cannot resolve the coal mining issue he should resign immediately.
In a meeting between journalists from Meghalaya and scientists from the Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR) of the Union Ministry of Science and Technology in Bhubaneswar, The Institute of Minerals and Materials Technology (IMMT) has provided advice on minerals.
The Association also held a draw in which the first prize was awarded to Serial No 11746, second to Serial No 57406 and third to Serial No
According to the latest news received by the SP News Agency, from the fiscal year 2020-2021, the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government has not accepted any new schemes sent from Meghalaya. , now three years in a row.
In his speech, he asked why the previous MDCs who have been in power for many years have not been able to build the House.
We need the cooperation of leaders, intellectuals and the people to achieve the goal.
Police alleged that members of the civil society groups who called for the protest did not forgive even the dorbar halls and even the ambulances carrying patients threw stones.
At the same time, the Project Director of MACS has ordered to recruit some employees of VHAM to MCSWA as the existing employees have been able to do the job.
At the same time, the Prime Minister said that as in the world, the Corona Virus affects the elderly more, as the Prime Minister urged to avoid going abroad as much as possible. .
Two new cases have been confirmed today, one from West Garo Hills and one from West Jaintia Hills, bringing the total number of recoveries in the state to
On the other hand, Hon'ble Justice T Vaiphei, after listening to the arguments of both the cases, gave the government three months to file the petition against the plaintiffs. The case will be heard on the 21st of this month.
All of them expressed their opposition to such changes which could affect the uniqueness of the nation.
LG Nongsiej, after Zero Hours, announced in the House that he has received the no confidence motion moved by HS Shylla MDC of the UDP today. this before the House and asked the permission of the House to accept it or not.
The last review meeting was held on 1st June 2023 in Guwahati.
On this 5th of June, we must awaken the power of the 130 crore people of the country.
As explained earlier, it has been maintained that there has been no such proposal to reduce the pension and the Government has no intention of doing so.
Speaking to reporters, Muktiar ODV Ladia, Chairman of the State Coal Owners, Miners and Dealers Forum, said that the central theme of the decision taken today is to stop the coal mining. sound of coal mining.
Speaking to media, the Chairman of the FOCSS, Bah Pynshngianlang Syiem, Chairman of the KHADC, said that today's meeting is the third time since its inception.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the government has already received the money from the central government and will send this money to the PWD Building to do whatever is necessary in relation to other needs of the PWD Building. The College said the government will take action on the demands of the students.
To demand that the government should take action to ensure that such incidents should not happen again.
On the other hand, Agatha Sangma asked whether it is true that the foundation stone has been laid twice in relation to the Medical College. The foundation stone of the same Medical College was laid twice, the first in 2012 and the second in
On the demand for an investigation into the coal mining by the opposition, the government will look into the matter.
At the time of writing, the name of the man who was found dead in Wahumkhrah is still unknown.
The benefits are piggery farming scheme through the Ministry of Animal Husbandry, Dairy and Fisheries and supervised by the Veterinary Department of the State Government. .
In his speech, the Minister said that the purpose of the festival is to educate the youth on how to take care of themselves to be healthy and strong. body and mind.
Furthermore, the residents along the road can no longer prepare for Christmas because it is not possible to paint or decorate their houses due to the dust.
Momin President of the party said that the party's visit to this place to set up its office is to address the needs of the people of the area in many aspects, especially The development projects in the region are still lagging behind and need to improve to keep pace with other parts of the state.
This institution is trying to have faculty available on time and to improve the quality of services to the patients.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that the allegation of the Prime Minister has affected those who have doubts about the work of the police because they are the ones who are on duty for the sake of peace and order. 99% work hard no one is happy if they are wrong 1% are criticized.
Also, our athletes enter the tournament for the glory of the country.
Speaking as the chief guest, Conrad Sangma said the goal of the Swachh Bharat Mission (Grameen), which is the National Flagship Program of the Government of India, is to make all villages ODF Plus.
The Secretary of the Commission has directed the DGP of the State to submit an Action Taken Report within 10 months from the date of receipt of the order.
Lyngdoh was also the General Secretary of the NPP, Ranikor Block Unit to support Cornelius Nongbri.
Regarding the attack on Khasi-Pnars in Lapangap, the two Chief Ministers said that they will direct the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, Bah BS Sohliya and the Deputy Commissioner of West Karbi. Krishna Paul said that if there is any dispute, the Regional Committees will take action to resolve this issue to maintain peace and stability especially for the Khasi-Pnars. to reap the harvest and the fields that they have planted.
Many school children and students from Nongkrem area attended the training on how to shape their lives for a brighter future.
He directed to make full use of the experience and opportunities they have acquired over the past 15 years in this regard.
Meban Shan Umdor and Rubbarlang Nongbet of Pamsangut were named Promising Player and Best Goalkeeper respectively.
Replying to a question on the unemployment rate in the state, the Chief Minister said that the unemployment rate in the state is 3% while in the country as a whole it is 4.7%.
Meanwhile, the Congress has already appointed the incumbent MP from Shillong seat, Vincent Pala, to contest the Lok Sabha elections in the fourth phase.
Shillong, July 7: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District today announced that the 9th of this month will be a public holiday in the district. of the celebration of the Silver Jubilee of the District.
On this day, not only was there a sermon but there were also songs from various departments and it ended with a thanksgiving ceremony at Madan Weiking.
In the petition submitted to the Union Minister, the SSA teachers said that according to the last PAB, there was no such rule and the salary was the same for all, since 2001-2 In 2010-2013, they received T.3000 to T.6000 and since 2013, they receive T.6000 and now in LP schools they receive T.9,200 and in UP Schools T.9,9
It was in 1953 that Umsawkhwan Village handed over the land to the Jhum Control Department of the Assam Government at that time for its tree planting project. that after 30 years from 1953, the government should return the land to the village.
Women from this area can benefit from the schemes of this department as there is a subsidy of 33% for the people from this area, he said.
D also applied for this and will be considering the matter.
The Pomthied Kur has requested for seedlings from the Forest Department of the State Government and has received 100 seedlings which are known as Doh trees which are good in the fields. the village.
These cows were seized by the BSF and had to be tied to kwai trees in the kwai fields.
About 50 percent of start-ups are located in tier 2 and tier 3 cities.
During the inspection, the BSF clarified that the area where the biri is smuggled to Bangladesh from Pilar 1283/5-S is no longer under the jurisdiction of the Muktapur BOP but under the jurisdiction of the Muktapur BOP. Shillong, July 01: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawlai Circle has approved the construction of a new market in Mawlai Mawroh. .
Out of the nine requests for clarification, the secretary of MUDA has answered only four, while no reply has been given to the other five.
He said that the HPC has requested the State Government to allow them to discuss the outcome of this meeting with the people living in Them Metor before they come back to the final meeting on this issue. .
In this regard, I have also informed the Dorbar Shnong Mawsynram about the problems faced by the people even to use only 2 or 3 Wah Shnongs for transportation, but as I have witnessed so far. These days, it remains the same without any action through the Shnong because many politicians have turned it into a Khaïi Pateng Department.
He asked for a wider acceptance.
The UMAI National Muaythai Championship was held at Shrimant Tukoji Rao Pawar Indoor Stadium, Dewas, Madhya Pradesh from July 18 to July
Shillong, Nailur 21: The Apex Bank Ltd. has demanded the installation of ATMs in Mawsynram.
According to information, the planting of short trees started in Egypt, spread to China and the most improved is Japan where there are more than 500 trees. years also in this country.
Speaking on the occasion, the Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya and Director of AYUSH, P Bakshi, said that there is a need to recognize the Khasi doctors because they have been able to treat like other doctors.
If he had lived many years after independence, many of the problems that arose in the country, especially the border, would not have been resolved.
New Delhi, Nailar 16: Speaking on the occasion of Independence Day at Red Fort, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said the Government has allocated T.10 lakh crore as subsidy for the Red Fort. urea to farmers.
Shillong, November 17: U DP East Khasi Hills District President Titos Starwell Chyne on behalf of the party has congratulated all the people who have supported the UDP in this mid-term MDC election.
They advised parents to be close to their children and to associate with them on a daily basis in relation to marriage without any hesitation so that the children their hands shall not be led astray in the walk of their neighbours.
He said that the BJP has been in power for the last eight years in the central government and has also been involved in the MDA government.
A total of 3000 programs have been conducted this year.
From the sound of the fire, the explosion was heard from the scene of the fire.
In the railways sector too, there are projects for economic development being implemented in these regions.
About two-thirds of these loans were to women entrepreneurs.
There are more than 150 households of foreigners living illegally here and the Seng has urged that these foreigners should be removed immediately.
District Horticulture Officer BG Momin explained to the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma about the garden and how to strengthen the garden. This is a source of income by planting flowers together with other flowers.
The event will be open to the public until 10 am and will end at 4 pm.
The driver of the vehicle was Dipal Das. Other players involved in the incident were R Santosh Kumar, D Kishore Kumar and S Abhinash Prasannaji. They were taken to NEIGRIHMS for treatment and sent home today.
The chief speaker at the meeting was Dr. Andrew Ahoto, one of the leaders, Bah JR Myrboh Secretary of MYCA Shillong.
Shillong, July 04: U SG Esmatur Mominin MLA of Phulbari constituency has resigned today and it is understood that he may join the TMC to contest again for the MLA seat from the same constituency. .
W.Nongsiej Deputy Commissioner of EWKH District has been dismissed from his post and appointed as Secretary of the Department of Prisons in the state.
The Women's Students' Union strongly condemns this incident and demands that the law enforcement authorities should take action on this issue.
Shillong, Nailur 08: The KSU Mawprem Circle has once again conducted the issuance of Work Permits to foreigners working within the boundary of the Mawprem Circle.
The award includes a certificate, signed by the Minister of Home Affairs, that the amount of money they will receive from the departments of the Union Government and the State Governments will be the same as that of the recipients. day.
The FB post was written in the name of Sofior Rahman, an independent MDC from GHADC who has joined the BJP and is currently the State President Minority of the BJP. He said that he lodged the FIR on the 22nd of this month.
: Mulane tanka is the misuse of funds from one party to another who has the opportunity to take advantage of himself.
The meeting was held at the Dorbar Hall of Nongkrem.
The bridge is located only about 10 kilometers from the site of the existing bridge.
Besides, the union also demanded the implementation of the market intervention scheme especially when there is a decline in the price of agricultural products.
There were two groups in this meeting, one group opposed the issue and the other group supported the issue put forward by the party that called for this meeting.
Prof Kayang explained that there are no risks in the production of these fertilizers derived from other living organisms which can kill plant diseases (bio-pesticides). because the path by which they are taken does not pollute the environment and includes only micro-organisms which we cannot see with our naked eyes (micro-organisms) but which are very important.
On the other hand, the CEM expressed his feeling that he is ashamed to come and open as CEM when the district cannot do anything.
“While they were taking me to Zero Point Indo-Bangladesh, I called for help and fortunately two women and a shopkeeper who was nearby heard my call and came to help. and the BSF to rescue me.
A month before the observation of this day, all schools were given directions to make preparations in respect of identification of space and resources.
“The threat was strengthened by inserting two pistols inside the letter,” said HCMBA President C. Chakravarty.
The BSF raided the area from Borsora in South West Khasi Hills.
The suspended officers include Director of Inquiry and Prosecution Bah J. Rymmai, a former IPS officer, along with Inquiry-cum-Investigating Officers Bah RPde and Anil K. Sangma.
After the meeting, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that the meeting held today is a continuation of what they have said earlier, because there is a misunderstanding regarding the roads. you can't mine uranium.
Dipayan Chakraborty, GS Nongbet State General Secretary and Shewan Jhunjhunwala, who holds the BJP treasury in the state, were also present at the registration. Bah M Kharkrang was accompanied by party leaders from the constituency to express their support to the candidate who wants to contest from the BJP. There are two candidates for ticket, M Kharkrang and Michael Kharsyntiew. These two candidates have done their job to get the support of the people in the name of the BJP. Shillong, July 16: The Food and Civil Supplies Department of Meghalaya today announced that the distribution of rice to those under the NFSA will begin from 1/01/2
According to the residents, the clean lyntang on the bridge has burnt and the clean coins inside the bridge have also burnt about four pieces. long that the truck has been loaded.
On 28/7/2022, it was received a tip that many Bangladeshis have been on the border to enter India. The BSF has conducted a blockade of Bangladeshi vehicles.
The Symbut Myntri Rangbah said that after the Cabinet meeting, it will inform the public and will also inform the Governor for his approval. .
On the part of the army, they remember those soldiers who gave their lives for the sake of the country.
Regarding the EVMs, the NPP leader said the party has nothing to say as they have not opposed these polling stations.
He said the Prime Minister has also launched a project to connect all the capitals of the North Eastern States by road, rail and air.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the Chief Minister said that the Cabinet has decided to introduce new rules in relation to the COVID-19 pandemic. especially during this Christmas season.
Badaganvi Sarkar World Open University Education Society, Gokak, Belgaum, Karnataka.
Many of the residents of Garo Hills said that the current situation in Garo Hills is due to the government's inability to curb the perpetrators and many of the residents of Manchachar tomorrow morning will hold a mass protest against the government. this happened.
Regarding the boundary dispute in Block-II, he said that this has happened since there was no District Council since 1951 because the Governor at that time had done his duty to take the land in Block-II. which has the power under the Sixth Schedule to increase or decrease the land.
The participants include from the youngest to the oldest, there is no discrimination between young and old, the selection of the opponents is based on just luck.
The union also removed the signboard reading Lady Hydari Park and replaced it with a signboard reading Phan Nonglait Park and Animal Land.
The adoption of scientific thinking by the people of the country, in accordance with the Constitution of the country.
Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangmau has thanked Prime Minister Duh for his decision to hold G20 programs across the country and said, “If we look at the whole issue brought up in this Today's discussion on space technology and income generation, I am proud of what is happening here in Shillong today.
He said that the youth who join the party should have the same foundation as the party has stood until these days to fight and demand the ILP and many laws to protect the party. the Nation.
On the other hand, the KNGCSU has put forward 14 demands to the Minister, to build more classrooms which the Minister has promised to start in July 2017, a laboratory for science students where The Minister said that he will not take action.
In this regard, the State Government has invited a tender through the Tand Food Civil Supplies Department for those who wish to supply sugarcane to the Government. Beta Edibles Processing Private Limited Coated has bid T.54,270 per kilo at T.54.27 per kilo.
The curfew has been fully implemented in the North Eastern States.
Fredric Roy Kharkongor, Commissioner Secretary in charge of Culture and Heritage, said that the unveiling of the statue of Syiem Tirot Singh will be held on 16/2/2024 as scheduled.
Finally, the SSSS requests that anyone who has passed Engineer and wishes to take the UPSC Examination on line Indian Engineering Service please write a letter along with their resume to the SSSS (ERC).
According to the decision of the Hon'ble Court, the case between Bimolangshu Roy and the Government of Assam in Civil Case No.169 of 2006, for to abolish the membership of MLAs in the State in accordance with Notification No.CA.09/2013/4 issued on 14.03.2003 the names of the MLAs holding the post of Parliamentary Secretary.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: U Chief Executive Member of Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) Rakesh A Sangma today sent his resignation letter to the Deputy Chairman of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC). Governor of the state.
The Seng demands that the Directorate of Research and Training, Technology should immediately cancel the names of the two students who have been nominated according to the notification.
and the lessee is the one who rents the land.
JSU/CB/F2/Gen/2008-09/28 Dated, 23rd June 2009 4.
We also urge the Government to send all the posts to the DSC or MPSC and not to hide them in this Civil Hospital so that the DSC or MPSC can issue the advertisement and call the interview so that the youths who are eligible for employment can enter as employees in the Civil Hospital,” said the union.
Shillong, Lber 29: A regional orientation workshop for journalists from the North East on the rights of children was held today at Pinewood Hotel, Shillong.
The UHM's protest is based on the fact that the number of cases of COVID-19 in the state is increasing day by day and at the same time the state government has already announced that they should appoint before the state's skilled workers who returned because of the pandemic.
Shillong, Naitung 04: The KJDWA today sent a letter to the KHADC seeking permission to set up a temporary cow market at Byrnihat.
The laws and regulations of the state which were intended to protect the indigenous people, have instead become a stumbling block to the foreigners.
Some houses have light while others have only the strength of a cigarette, zero power is not enough.
Gatherings are prohibited in liquor stores.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle has started repairing the Upper Shillong Highway from 7mer to Lummawbah by a company known as Kum. Dhar Construction although this highway does not need to be improved but because as the Seng does not want to clean up or to interfere with the development of the area. The State Government understands that the Upper Shillong Road is one of the most important roads in Upper Shillong. The road does not reach Shillong.
: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, SC Sadhu on Tuesday called a meeting to discuss the issue of illegal residents in the Cantonment area near the Fire and Emergency Service Station. in Forest Survey, Shillong.
Jowai, Jymmang 12: The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) Jaintia Hills Unit (HANM) has alleged that the CEM of JHADC should be punished by the law enforcement agencies as found by the RTI. He recalled that when the leaders of the party went to meet him regarding the slowdown in the office, the leaders lodged an FIR with the CEM of JHADC. The union demands that the law enforcement agencies should take action as the amount of T.1.18 crore is public money.
The program aims to strengthen startups' understanding of business-related activities and to assist them in developing and marketing their activities.
At the same time, he urged the agriculture department to look into this. He said that he has heard the voice of the farmers that the price of synsar should remain as it is or it may exceed. At the same time, Bah HM Shangpliang said that the price of fertilizers in the state has arrived and urged the farmers to They should send a letter to the office of the DEO or the District Horticulture Department for further investigation.
Bah Albinus President of the PDF party from Umroi Constituency said that it is necessary to talk and any issue should be clarified within the party to resolve the issues should be discussed because the party workers are not happy. I don't see it in the newspapers.
This survey center focuses only on mineral resources, such as Mawshun, Coal, other mineral resources and also to inspect the areas where there is an earthquake which has been inspected in the same area. Two new cases have been reported in Arunachal Pradesh.
As a family, we have lost one of our family members at an unexpected time.
In his speech, the Minister of Agriculture said that the government has recently met with the Union Minister of Agriculture to discuss how to develop the farmers in Meghalaya. officers to ensure that agriculture should improve the income of the farmers.
Sadly, these bapli have had to hold a sit-in protest today before the day to celebrate this special day of theirs.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 13: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District under the leadership of Samla Forwardman Nongrem as President and Samla Truelywell Lyngdoh, General Secretary, has met with Ripnar Lyngdoh, Deputy Commissioner of Khasi Hills District. to urge the Deputy Commissioner to set up a District Task Force Committee as part of the fight against the illegal entry and invasion of villages by foreigners especially in places like Ranikor, Nongjri, Borsara and others.
The scheme is only for students who have completed Class XII and intend to study outside NE in their various courses.
However, what was surprising was that after the UDP Central Body announced and gave ticket to Bah Pious Marwein as the UDP candidate from the 35-Ranikor Constituency, it was surprising to see in the media that Bah Pious Marwein Airmarshal Diengan, who has only 11 days in the UDP party, has announced that he will contest the MLA election 2018 only because he has not received a ticket from the UDP party. The rangbah who did not find the juban lak which he had donated to the JAC and the people of the area.
This shows that it is the government itself that is 'communal' and often it is alleged that it is the political parties that are 'communal' but now it is the government that is starting.
Tura, November 14: The SSA teachers in Meghalaya today decided whether to accept the new salary proposed by the government as it is not according to the approval of the Ministry of Education. of Human Resources Development (MHRD) government of India.
Dr. MA Lyngdoh, President, Meghalaya State Hockey Association, who is also the Minister, Urban Affairs, Meghalaya, has expressed his gratitude to the Director, Sports and Youth Affairs for supporting the Association in all aspects. He advised the children and said that they should feel proud that they can leave the state hockey team to lead the state.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has been authorized to manage the transfer of resources between the relief agencies and the implementers. ) as needed.
The complaint of the residents of Dawki area is that the BSF does not allow people to turn to Mawthum, while the BGB does not allow people to set up shops up to Mawthum.
She said that East Jaintia Hills and West Jaintia Hills are the worst affected areas.
Earlier, DSEL had visited other states in India to study and seek detailed information on the government's takeover of teacher posts or Provincialisation.
This will be the first time to visit the Shad Nongkrem.
Those who attended the event were parents and youth from Garo Hills.
The Seng strongly urges the State Government not to ignore the influx of foreigners and to proceed with the relocation of these SMB employees and others in other government departments and Those who live illegally shall be punished according to the provisions of the law.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District today announced that if anyone can provide information about the rape of a 9-year-old girl in Malki on the 8th of this month, On the 1st of this month, the police will award a reward of T.20,0
The KSU is not afraid and will not allow these people to discourage and attack our fellow citizens.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: U M. Chuba Ao, National Vice President of the BJP, Meghalaya, on Tuesday met with two MLAs of the party and the State President of the BJP. in the state of Meghalaya.
Shillong, July 26: The opposition led by Bah PN Syiem today withdrew from the Khasi Hills Automobile District Council (KHADC) without the end of the session. This was due to the opposition to the passage of the Hima Bhowal Bill.
“Our decision as the party is not the end, but from now on we will continue our efforts to eradicate drugs from South West Khasi Hills District,” said Bah Thyrniang.
They requested the Minister to release the remaining stock of coal. The Minister promised to release the remaining stock of coal. remaining stock.
He said that the MLA has also taken action despite his illness and the MDC has also visited as the leaders of Umroi Constituency.
The reception will be held at 12 noon at the party office in Lachumier on the 23rd of this month. Media sources close to the NPP said that these leaders are from Ri Bhoi District and have been MLAs in the Legislative Assembly. , but the names of them have not been disclosed yet, they said they will wait for the 23rd.
Bah Marwein said that the Nongjri area has an urgent need to have a mobile tower to get a good network. It is very difficult to go to Nonghyllam, but if the network is good, you can only call by phone.
MEPA also sends its condolences to all the employees of U Mawphor and Highland Post.
He spoke about the importance of lifelong learning.
Ernest Mawri said the defeat in the no confidence motion was due to the fact that one of the BJP MDCs arrived late in the House.
The French Consul General also visited the old Khasi house which is more than 90 years old near the Lyngdoh Law.
The government has allowed 50% commercial vehicles and 50% private vehicles to travel in East Khasi Hills District today according to the directive that only odd numbers should travel today.
Sangma said there was no wrongdoing by the Government in taking the loan for development projects, as the rules of the RBI and the Government of India were followed.
Shillong, Iaiong 05: The Chairman of MeECL today issued a public notice that MePDCL will start cutting off the light bill to all those who have not paid their light bill. from the 16th of this month.
The Government of Meghalaya has considered how to develop agriculture in the rural areas according to the land availability to produce a particular crop.
Shillong, Nailur 04: The Assam Regimental Center today held a march of the soldiers who have just completed their training.
Referring to the number of children who have dropped out of education, the Chief Minister said that it is a fact that the dropout rate is very high in the state. However, in the coming days, the state government will take action on this issue.
When SP News Agency tried to contact the Ri Bhoi District authorities on the incident by phone, the ADC could not be reached.
The workshop concluded with a speech and thanksgiving speech by Prithul Kumar, Joint Secretary (Films), I&B. The AVGC Promotion Task Force was formed under the leadership of Secretary I&B, Apurva. Moon.
The smooth running of the indigenous culture within the Hima Sohiong is the aim and desire of the JAC and the people of the Hima Sohiong as a whole,” he said.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 96,404 people have tested positive for COVID-19, 94,689 have recovered and the death toll has risen to in the entire state.
In a statement, the Pro-tem Chairman said that as there are no clear rules in such cases, the Pro-tem Chairman has adopted rule 123 of the AD Rule which states that the Chairman must It is on this rule that the Pro-tem Chairman has announced in the House that the absence of the candidate Grace Kharpuri has withdrawn from the contest. Shillong, Naitung 13: Grace Kharpuri, the candidate who has registered for the CEM election in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), today has been elected CEM. pep did not come to the court.
This is the threat now that the Bangladeshis find that the North East of India is a heaven for them to get shelter. 1.29 crore Bangladeshis have fled the country after entering the North East with proper documents.
Minister Duh said he was pleased that students from more than 20 countries have now studied at Nalanda University and said this is a sign of 'Vasudhaiva Kutumbakam'
The FSP has been able to provide protection to 289 children from 72 households through this FSP, now through this FSP Shillong has been able to provide support to 439 children from 116 households.
The HNLC has alleged that the state police force is blind to what has happened to the people in the border areas and as it is now it seems to be not working.
He said that there are still many households who are still facing difficulties in getting their daily wages. It has also affected the online and offline education, the conduct of the examination and the sending of The Congress party wants to talk to the government for the benefit of the people of the state.
Shillong, July 13: Mawtap Village, Sohiong Village, has staged a road blockade for two days to protest against the PWD department of the state government which has banned the construction of a road. The PWD government has issued a written notice of no complaint for the construction of the footpath.
The conference reviewed key areas of security in the country, including new laws relating to crime, measures to prevent terrorism, left wing extremism, emerging cyber threats, global efforts to prevent bloodshed, and others.
Since 2012, the project to build the Governor's residence on the site has been suspended and the MDA government under the leadership of Conrad Sangma has decided to resume the construction. the house of the Lat in Tura.
Man has the right to live on earth, the law itself will control him and not man.
On the other hand, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, MLA & MDC, CEM, KHADC, said that the KHADC authorities are ready to introduce laws to protect the Village Authorities. The Laws and Rules of Village, Raid and Dorbar Hima, as part of their recognition by law and to become the traditional rules of the people, the children of the thousands, in accordance with para 3 , and 11 of the Sixth Schedule.
Shillong, July 08: Former Miss Shillong and Mrs. India Universal 2017 Sabina Parvez Warjri has inaugurated a long-awaited shop called 'AGEFYTE' sold in this shop is to take care of the skins.
At the same time, we are known as a nation that knows man, knows God, knows family, knows family.
Shillong, March 05: The Congress party today welcomed Bah John Anthony Lyngdoh to the party and he will be the candidate for the 2023 MLA elections.
However, during the meeting between the MDCs and the MPCC president, many of the MDCs still supported the incumbent CEM as their leader.
This video has five songs and all the songs speak of God's love for mankind, the release of this song at this time is appropriate because all people are preparing for the coming of jesus is not at christmas.
At the same time, he also denied the allegation that the Police on duty inside the police station did not receive the complaint lodged on the night of May 6, 2023.
Incentives to such activities have a financial, social and economic impact, especially on the youth.
On the other hand, the HSPDP MLA has requested the government to think for the family so that they can live together as it is now since he lost his job. his brothers did not have the opportunity to go to school.
Regarding the statement by Bah Charles Marngar MDC and Bah Karnes Sohshang MDC that foreign buyers are now going to the farms to buy their produce, Bah War said. He said that the office will seek information on this issue.
There are 1839 cases in the state, 144 cases in hospitals, 113 cases in East Khasi Hills, 4 cases in Eastern West Khasi Hills, 2 cases in North Garo Hills, 2 cases in Ri. Bhoi 2, South West Garo Hills 2, West Garo Hills 12, West Jaintia Hills 9 cases.
He said that in memory of this great man of the state, financial support will be given as the incumbent MLA.
Shillong, Nailar 30: The Business Advisory Committee (BAC) under the chairmanship of the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya has decided to hold a five-day session from 15th November 2023 to 22nd November 2023.
GHADC CEM Denand T Sangma said how long can they wait because as of now the employees have not received their salaries for six months.
The VC said that NEHU is ready to assist the colleges to implement the NEP 2023 as this will bring good and benefit to the youth of Meghalaya and that is why all have approved the NEP. The KSU East Jaintia Hills District Unit on Thursday demanded that the MDA government should expedite the draft policy.
Delilah M. Lobo, Vice Chairman, ESG, Ankita Mishra, CEO, ESG, Monideepa Mukerjee, Director General, PIB, West Zone and Dr. Pragya Paliwal Gaur, Director General, PIB. “One of the highlights of IFFI is the Satyajit Ray Lifetime Achievement Award (SRLTA) for outstanding achievements in the field of production. movie.
The traders agreed to temporarily suspend the movement of trucks until another arrangement is reached between the two groups, namely, the Dorbar Shnong Majai and the Syiem of Sohra Hima.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: Congress candidate Miani D Shira has won the 53-Ampati Constituency of South West Garo Hills District today. NPP scored 3271 goals.
The Chairman of the party, Bah ED Nongsiang, today announced that the protest will start from the 27th of this month and end on the 5th of November. Teachers' Day.
The Customs Office in Shillong from time to time has seized drugs and Ganja from outside Meghalaya and according to the rules of law, today they have destroyed by burning. they.
He stressed on the need to revive and re-establish the Village Defense Parties (VDPs) as they are the basis to monitor and prevent illegal activities within the village affairs.
The union is deeply saddened by the fact that this will cause serious damage to the residents of Nongbah Jynrin, Mawthabah and other neighboring villages through the lyer bih blowing from this area.
In the case of non-resident workers, they should be registered under the Labor Act.
““On this incident, the village, we do not accept that it is a threat.
As a Founding Member, she has represented the country twice in Brighton (UK) and Thailand, Bangkok.
I will have to resign and I will have to decide how to act after consulting with my Muktiar,” said Phidalia Toi.
On the other hand, the government has directed all the Deputy Commissioners of the districts who have coal mines to shut down the illegal coal mines.
“If they are found stealing, they should be handed over to the law enforcement authorities but not take the law into their own hands and create ways and means for them to return to a good society,” he said. statement from the Seng.
Recently, the Dorbar Shnong and the MLA have inspected the area behind the Hawker's Market, Golflink and Dogs Squad for the construction of the Children's Park. Shillong Golf Club to manage the park.
Secy FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle, At the beginning of the meeting, Sheryna Nongkhlaw, President Seng Longkmie Mawnianglah expressed her happiness to be present on this occasion. Therefore, we must work together to fight against many kinds of evils such as drugs and alcohol which have started to spread in these days.
In another raid, police of South West Khasi Hills District conducted a raid at Gomaghat village and seized more than 105 liters of pyrsi liquor.
The first day featured the participation of the barikorna from all the five states who enriched the Mahotsav through the traditional dances of all the five states.
Shillong, July 08: The National People's Party (NPP) today came forward to clarify the removal of three officers to investigate from the Lokayukta. that they are only temporary members.
Ratchet CP 3.
The improvement of the road will be 31.091 km from Umrit to Umdu and the funding comes from the World Bank.
The Prime Minister recalled the words of Woh Kiang Nangbah when the British executed him, “If my eyes turn to the east, we will be on the cross, India will get “If it turns to the east, the French will continue to rule”. At this moment, the face of King Nangbah turned to the east.
It has worked with stakeholders such as District Administration, DRDA, Municipal Corporations, NSS, Bharat Scouts and Guides, Youth Groups, Mahila Mandals, SHGs, Village Groups such as Rotary Clubs, Lions Clubs, Red Cross, Village Authorities and others operating in districts and villages.
Titos said that the memory of Bah Bring has a good reason, as the nation has produced many leaders, but Bah Bring is a great thinker and as it is until now no one has been honored. within the state to be united in thought with this great man.
However, the union is surprised to see that the department has also ordered the shops to give red color to those who sell beef and white to those who sell pork. to hide the meat through the iit iong so that tourist authorities cannot see it.
Shillong, Nailur 01: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Tuesday expressed its gratitude to the CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KSU) Bah PN Syiem for taking the decision not to issue NOC for the road. Your claim is from Nongstoin.
Meghalaya currently has two hospitals for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, Shillong Civil Hospital and NEIGRIHMS.
The information on land titles has been linked to the State databases so that further linkages with the State databases can be carried out smoothly.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, SC Sadhu, said that the office is still monitoring the price of food items in the market. rise in price to excessive.
“The NH-6 is the only road for the traffic of people from all over the states of India, especially those from Northeast India.
Police have recovered two boxes of soap and 23.95 grams of heroin from them. Police have recovered T.44,500/- from their bodies. Police have registered a case against them.
The DC's office has issued this order after receiving information that there has been a threat to the hills. This order will come into force immediately throughout the entire East Jaintia Hills District until don't announce anything else.
During the investigation, the three persons arrested from Umtyra confessed that they had intended to hand over the drugs to a woman named Maya Gwala alias Puchki who was waiting in Khliehriat.
Speaking at the meeting, he said that the festival is to showcase the traditional identity of the Khasi in song, dance, food and traditional costume.
“We are ready to work with the people, we are ready to work with the Government for the health of the people.
The stolen items include 3,000 bolts and nuts, 47 silver plates and 120 120 rounds, 222 rounds of wheels and the total value of them has reached T. 1,88,17,808/- were stolen from the company's warehouse.
Currently, all PACS in the country have adopted the law.
“Just within 18 months of the introduction of the new State-run operations for ASHAs, once again there have been threats and protests by ASHAs affecting the very essence of it is not a voluntary service and it also disrupts the health service.
On the other hand, Samla Forwardman Nongrem, President, KSU South West Khasi Hills District, said that now is not the time to watch but it is the time for the people to come forward and fight against the plans of the BSF. to find land in quiet and remote areas of South West Khasi Hills District.
“We respect the contribution of other non-Khsi communities who have contributed greatly to the State and they need protection and the party will ensure that their welfare and welfare will be protected. at the same time we have to protect the State from illegal immigrants.
For the examinations to be held for Class X and Class XII for those who have not yet taken their examinations will be held in the second month of November and this will be discussed with the Department of Education. The result of Class XII will be released before 31st May
President Von der Leyenka congratulated Prime Minister Duh on his victory in the election and wished him a third term.
