On the statement by the Minister of Education, Debora Marak, that she cannot do anything because of the power of the village in the Chief Minister, MSSASA said that if she does not have the power as the Minister Why should you sit on that bench if you don't have the authority to hold the department?
Ri Bhoi District came in fourth place with 2 medals.
It is to be recalled that in these days, the offices of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) have conducted the issuance of Work Permits and Labor Licenses from foreign workers across the city.
Jedwin Lyngdoh, president of the union, said that they have been meeting with the heads of the health department and also with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek for two years but the government has not responded. it did nothing and now they have no choice but to carry out this protest on hunger strike.
To say that Tymmen Basan distributes kiad shows that the whole church distributes kiad and it is not appropriate,” said Bah Vincent Pala.
On the part of the Principal of the College, Bah Boldness L Nongum, while reading out the award ceremony, he congratulated the Meghalaya Board of School Education for giving permission. Special to these students to write the examination because they have been in class for many years.
The Deputy Commissioner promised to take action on this matter and to send the District Social Welfare Officer to look into this matter once again.
If 23 states in the country have abolished the Personal Interview, it will be difficult for the state to abolish the examination through the Personal Interview but the conduct of this examination is in conflict with their income.
It is mentioned that the Yaba Tablet, which is a mostly consumed  drug by youth of Bangladesh.
Four members of the National Liberation Council of Rural Development (NLCN) who were arrested from Jaintia Hills were brought to Shillong on Tuesday and appeared in court.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Morgan J Lyngdoh, Member of the HYC, General Secretary of the HYC Mawsynram, Bah Bras Dewsaw. Acting King of the Kingdom.
The Seng also congratulates those students who have brought glory to the District and the state as a whole by passing well and receiving Distinction in various subjects.
Therefore, it suggests that out of 100%, 50% should be allocated to the Khasi (Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War, Maram and Lyngngam), but the Garo should remain at 40%.
The residents requested the MeECL to install such light poles and to check them from time to time to ensure that there will be no injuries to the residents.
It is learned that the landslide has also occurred on the road from Lat Balat to Ranikor and also on the road from Mawkyrwat to Ranikor. the car in the liet comes.
Stressing on the need for holistic economic development, Minister Duh said that all regions of the country should be taken care of.
Marak said the Bill is against the NRC in Assam and the bill should be looked into carefully as it affects the position of India against the Constitution which has no objection. religion.
Shillong, March 16: A house fire broke out at Pingwait village in Mawkynrew Block at 4.30 pm today.
Speaking to reporters, the Minister said that the money released by the government is to help those affected by the natural disaster, such as houses, schools, crops. and also for those who lost their lives in the natural disaster.
The State Government has already sought all the means to obtain the funds for the start of the construction of the sports grounds. the NEC, DoNER, and other central government departments.
The party also supports the program organized by KAS on 22nd September 2018 and requests everyone to take part in this march with concern for their own language.
He said that they have not received the Post Matric Scholarship since 2014-2015, 2015-2016 and until now those students who live on the border should have received the Border Area Scholarship. They have not received their share since 2011 until now as well as the Minority Scholarship which comes through the North Eastern Council (NEC). He said that this is because the state government does not have the funds to pay even 10%.
Regarding the Bill, Opposition Leader Titosstarwell Chyne MDC of the UDP has proposed to replace the word “Registrar” with the word “Record or Recoder” in Article 3 of the Bill. .
According to the Bill prepared by the Ministry of Tourism, those who wish to build tourist houses must register with the government and also those who operate vehicles to transport tourists such as same to the people who guide the tourists.
Vijay Kumar Minister, Director of Corporate Affairs, Government was the chief guest and MeECL officials such as Bah T PASSAH, Bah EW Nongrum, Bah T PASSAH, Bah EW Nongrum, others were also present. Both of them are Directors of MeECL and the welcome speech was delivered by Bah Frederick Kharshiing.
Students who intend to apply for scholarships or grants have faced a lot of difficulties as they have to stand in line for hours just to buy the E-Stamp due to the lack of places to sell these E-Stamp. -Print.
The purpose of the meeting was to discuss how to strengthen the relationship between the Central Government and the State Governments in order to develop the countries in many areas of development. .
The protest was supported by the Jaintia National Council, the Hynniewtrep Youth Council Narpuh Circle, the Voice of the People Narpuh Circle and the East Jaintia Hills Truck Owners and Transporters Association.
It is unbelievable that the growth of the population to some extent will be due only to the indigenous people but it is clear that this increase is due to foreigners who come to settle in this area. The state does not have enough laws to curb the illegal entry of mynder and foreigners.
She further informed that the department has launched an R & D Lab which is currently providing advanced research services to all the people of the society.
Due to the participation of Yuva Tourism Clubs in the B20 meetings, the people of the state have started looking for tourist attractions in the state and people have realized that it is not only foreign places that attract people but that it is also necessary to find beauty in our own state.
In a letter to Conrad, Dr. Jemino said that there has been a mismanagement within MeECL especially in terms of money which has led to the state being turned off from time to time. The UDP has demanded the release of James K Sangma from the electricity department.
Grace Kharpuri of the INC from Nongskhen and Macdalyn Sawkmie Mawlong of Umsning from the PDF have been elected to the new KHADC. The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) will hold a meeting tomorrow with the participation of all the newly elected MDCs including the NPP, UDP and PDF. , HSPDP.According to sources, the meeting was attended by 40 MDCs from the RDA and 9 MDCs from the NPP. The MDA has held a meeting to discuss the formation of the EC within the KHADC. The RDA today discussed the formation of the EC within the KHADC. Shillong, Lber 02: U Dr WR Kharlukhi state has said that the EC in KHADC should be led by the UDP which has 7 MDCs and the NPP which has 12 MDCs in JHADC. The President of the NPP Meghalaya State Unit has congratulated the people who have given their support to the NPP party in this MDC election where they have won 12 MDCs in JHADC and 7 in KHADC. Dr Kharlukhi said that the EC in these two District Councils will be formed by the MDA group which will be in the government. Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and UDP President Dr Donkupar arrived in Shillong today.
He is one of the filmmakers whose films have won awards in the country and around the world.
Therefore, the KSU Iooksi Unit urges the leaders of the 13 Sengs to demand from the government to implement the COMPREHENSIVE MECHANISM which has been sent to the state government as soon as possible. pictures from the village here in our country.
The Director General, who visited the state for one day, gathered information on the performance of AIR and Doordarshan in terms of technical activities and programmes.
Lamphrang congratulated the NPP party for being able to appoint him to this post, congratulated the UDA party including the UDP, HSPDP and private members as well as the opposition party. he was given support to be in this position.
For the first time the GST collected exceeded ₹1.75 lakh crore.
Besides this hill you can see farmland such as Kwai trees, Sohmarit, Sohniamtra trees, synsar, slatyrpad, sohphnat trees, other tree plants, siej and even the villages of Bangladesh.
During these three days, there will be many events related to the District.
It is better to avoid walking during heavy rain and at night.
Speaking on the occasion, the CEM of KHADC congratulated the Managing Committee.
Special Expenditure Monitoring Teams will be operational and there will be places where the public can complain if there is any contact with the media from time to time.
Shillong, March 17: U Bah Himalaya Shangpling MLA Mawsynram today met with the Minister in charge of Culture and Heritage. and Sanbor Shullai.
The allocation for the next three months from 1st June to 30th July 2020 is for nine departments of the Council and this allocation has amounted to T.81,21,54,4 /-.
Shillong, Nailur 03: A seven-year-old child from Sohiong village of Len Mawtap district has been injured in a road accident.
Kilapara, Jymmang 25: A monument erected at Kilapara in Garo Hills to commemorate the war between India and Pakistan in 1971 and through this war Bangladesh gained independence. the independence of Pakistan.
The Roster has been in place since 1950, but when the courts spoke in the 1995 cases, it did not say that the Roster should be implemented from 1950, 51 and so on.
A team has been appointed to oversee the logistics so that athletes and officials from different states can enjoy a memorable hospitality, and more than 100 hotels have been retained in the city, a reception areas at railway stations, bus stands and airports.
The PWD office was burnt down at 12.50 am and the KHADI office was burnt down at 1.15 am.
Lapangap, Mukroh, Khanduli, Langpih, Sabuda, Umwang, Moolber, Moojem, Psiar, Khatkasla and other Khasi villages fall under the jurisdiction of Meghalaya and KAAC and the Assam government should not own them. This was stated by the General Secretary, Samla Donal V Thabah.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: U Bah Jambor War EM in charge of Elaka Department on Tuesday said that the Boundary Committee of KHADC has decided that the Hima which have proper documents can appeal against the the soskular signed between the Governments of Meghalaya and Assam regarding the border demarcation.
Other speakers at the meeting were Rev Pastor GS Lytan, PCI, Rev R.Imiong, Church of God, Mr Hammarsing Kharhmar, Seng Khasi Kmie, Gurcharan Singh, President SGSS Gurudwara, Raj Bhavan, JL Das, General Secretary, CPC and Rev E Kharkongor, Secretary, Shillong All Faiths Forum.
Minister for Child Development in the Ministry of Railways.
The opening of Districts, Civil Sub Divisions and Block is to bring the services of the government closer to the people. sun.
Many of the MCC members today cleaned up the posters of political parties especially inside the Shillong-Guwahati highway in the Mawlai area.
Domsohkhai Sports Club has won a cash prize of T.1 lakh in the 1st Invitation Football Tournament 2024 organized by the Southern Border Sports Association (SBSA). Nongkdait Nongtwah Sports Club will play against Nongtwah Sports Club in the final match which will be held at Panchiring Stadium, South West Khasi Hills District on July 29,
The Chief Minister said that the curfew has been imposed in Shillong and the internet shutdown will continue.
In another incident, Grelista A Sangma of Kalikapara village near Dudhnoi police station in Assam has lodged a complaint at Shallang police station that her son Sengsal A Sangma, 36, has been arrested. Anand Ch Momin, 28, and Martin R Sangma, 37, have been missing since 13th July and have not returned.
She said that there are 5112 cases in Meghalaya and one patient can spread the disease to 15 others if there is no proper protection. The state to prevent this disease is only by taking medicines properly.
He said that the police had forced them to stop the hunger strike, but they refused and continued the hunger strike inside the jail.
The Commissioner and Secretary to the Governor, BDR Tiwari said that the Government's objective of providing quality services cannot be achieved if it cannot provide services to all the people.
This action of the NDA Government is inappropriate and threatens the indigenous people of our Khasi Hills and the entire North East.
: it means, it is an event that has been told;it is the age since ancient times;it is the oldest days and years;it is the centuries according to the passage of time or age; It is an event from the beginning of the world to the present day in the culture of the War Amwi, which continues with the story.
He said that it has been a fact that the arrival of the Missionaries 200 years ago has brought about many changes.
He reminded that this day is also the 6th Anniversary of the HYC, and as the HYC itself from the beginning has been founded and stands on the basis to demand the immediate implementation of the Inner Line Permit in the state.
At the time, the president of FKJGP strongly condemned the government for not doing anything to stop the AAMSU from blocking the road to Garo Hills.
The National General Secretary of AITC at the opening ceremony of the office congratulated the party workers who have worked hard to develop the party as it is today in Meghalaya.
The rally was led by a group known as the Support Group for Women.
Sonia Gandhi, MP, Chairperson, National Advisory Council on 7 and 9 June
Riba Jana performed the Surya Namaskar.
Regarding the appointment of teachers, they should be in accordance with the requirements laid down by the NCTE or any relevant authority. rules to have a smile.
Erwin Sutnga, Chairman of JACBOM, said that the decision taken at the meeting was to oppose the Soskular signed at seven places between Assam and Meghalaya. the government should not interfere with the second phase in the settlement negotiations without resolving the signed peace agreement.
The GSU, FKJGP and ADE, in a letter to the Minister, said that the doctor in charge of the PHC has refused to build a well. On the part of the civil society in Garo Hills, they strongly opposed the march of the people.
Speaking at the launch of the CMRG, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma stressed the importance of research and documentation.
On the part of Samla Joplang Kharnaïor, he said that as youth, they should be strong, steadfast in their work and said that the power to shape society depends on the youth because of the nation. There is an urgent need to raise many talented, selfless and able to stand on their own feet for the survival of the Jaitbynriew.
Ranjit Saikia, the leader of the guards, said that the presence of these boats will help them to rescue the animals that are trapped in the middle of the water.
, and paint ia ka , Border are development Department, District Council Affair Department, Public Health Engineering Department.
According to a report released by the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) on the first blue discoloration in the river in this is the District.
On the other hand, the JSM leaders have tried to meet with Bah Thombor Shiwat, Chief Executive Member (CEM) of JHADC to provide a new one to replace the old one, but On the other hand, the CEm refused to meet them.
The Government has decided not to import pigs from other states or sell pigs from one district to another.
The child surrendered to the East Khasi Hills Police Chief claiming to be a member of the HNLC, but nothing was brought with him.
Shillong, Naitung 29: The people of Garo Hills need peace and the priority of the region is peace, said the Minister of Social Welfare. Deborah Ch Marak, Without peace, we cannot bring about development.
This has caused panic in the villages, townships and areas without receiving certification from the health department of the state government.
The Director said that they will soon convene a meeting with the Chief Secretary to discuss the issue of protection of the Chief Minister after the incident. it was an attempt to harm the prime minister.
In the statement, the BSF in Sonapyrdi said that the presence of the BSF in Sonapyrdi is private property and this is an illegal occupation.
Meeting with the Minister of Home Affairs on the issue of demanding the immediate implementation of the fire station in Raliang village within this year.
The five universities in Meghalaya where the bills have been introduced are the Mahatami Gandhi University (Amendment) Bill, , (Amendment) Bill, 2019, Maharashtra Institute of Technology University of Meghalaya    (Amendment) Bill, 2019, The Techno Global University (Amendment) Bill, 2019, Martin Luther Christian University (Amendment) Bill, 2019 and The William Carey University  (Amendment ) Bill,
Others who attended the function were Dr. Jennifer Basaiawmoit, Medical Director of Bansara Eye Care Center, Dr. Saurabh Sarma, Medical Retina Specialist, Sanjay Goyal, Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, Shillong and others. other de.
“As the people of this state want to be protected from the influx of foreigners through the ILP, introducing other laws is of no use,” said Bah Laptiplang.
Shillong, November 12: The Khadsawphra College Mairang (KCM) has held a festival which started on the 4th and closed on the 11th of this month.
The Chief Guest, Bah Prestone Tynsong, MLA of Nongpoh Constituency, Bah Mayral Born Syiem, was the Chief Guest. Minister of Health and Family Welfare Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, MLA Charles Marngar, President Isynei Hinge and others.
“If we don't surprise people as a society, Shillong within 10 years will turn into a zombie city,” he said.
According to a statement sent by the Joint Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, Forest and Environment Department, since November 2022, strict measures have been taken to close down illegal coke plants and continue to destroy coke. The coal mines have been moved forward to ensure that they cannot continue their operations once again.
The allegation by the BSF that the BSF troops had threatened to shoot him and throw him away is groundless and misleading against the BSF. The BSF troops in the border area are protecting the people. who live near the border areas.
The treatment was conducted in the presence of doctors and the blood test was conducted by the students of the university.
Smuggling issues were also discussed at the meeting.
In his speech, the Chairman, Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, explained in detail the challenges faced by the party less traditional governments and the party based governments. party based and party based, under the jurisdiction of the Sixth Schedule.
Speaking on the implementation of the programme, Myntri Rangbah Duh said that these are trainings when facing difficult tasks in the administration of the Government.
The speaker released the magazine in three languages.Volume: 5 Issue:1, e-zine.
Speaking on the occasion, Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court, Sanjib Bannerjee, said that the opening of the National Law University (NLU) will benefit the students to learn about the laws and customs. of the tribals in this region.
Phaidlimon Siangshai, Secretary of the Manbei Seiñ of the Dong, in her speech, urged the MDC to serve properly the task entrusted to him by the people of the constituency for the sake of the Jaidbynriew. and also to advocate for issues and to pass laws in JHADC for the protection of the minority and culture of the Jaintia people.
The Minister was welcomed by the Medical Superintendent Dr Nongrum, Reverend Pastor SS Majaw, Chairman of the Committee in charge of the Hospital and the Officer in charge of the Hospital. Bah KW Marbaniang and others were also present.
Jowai, Nailur 08: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) Mynsoo Unit has expressed its strong opposition to the decision of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to dismiss Dr. Khainmi War from Mynsoo PHC. The PHC will be closed on 18th July this year.
Rangdajied United FC Head Coach Aibanjop Shadap said that the team has all the players ready for tomorrow's final. This is a sign of hope for this club, which although it is the last in the state, but it is eager and determined to win the title. The RUFC has won the SPL Championship trophy. To look back at this year's season, the journey of these two teams, until the end of the round robin of RUFC Mawlai SC have 18 points from 7 games while Mawlai SC have 16 points, and in the semifinal RUFC beat Mawlai SC 1-0 Shillong Lajong FC beat Langsning FC 2-1 in the first leg of the tournament.
Daryl William Cheran Momin, son of Capt Williamson Sangma and brother of Chief Minister Zenith Sangma, has applied for tickets for the 2nd Tura parliamentary seat.
According to a statement sent to the Minister of Rural Development, the area has 55 villages with a population of more than 45,0 light.
Shillong, November 10: A truck (AS-01-PC-3895) heading from Lumshong to Guwahati collided with a truck (AS-01-PC-3895) at 12.30 pm this morning. -6 The tire burst and the car caught fire.
He said that the government will also listen to the central government departments but the most important thing will be the suggestion of the state governments.
The office, which is based in Shillong, now covers nine states in the region, including Sikkim.
The meeting was accompanied by the President of the Hills Farmers Union, Bah Komander Shangpliang and the General Secretary of the Union, A.Kharsyntiew.
The party urges the people to support the party in this election and demands from the new MLA and MDC to support the party's demands.
The purpose of the meeting was to discuss whether we can work together within the BJP party for the development of the state as a whole.
Shillong, Nailar 21: The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, Bah S.Nongtnger, on Tuesday said that they are still investigating whether the letter was signed or not. , which is written like this, cannot be written.
According to him, the raffle tickets that the party has already sold to the public so far are only about 5 percent of the total.
Bah RV Lyngdoh in his speech said that there is a need to amend the AD Rule of KHADC. He said that if the owners have been affected, it means that they are no longer the owners. that if there be any work, let him go up to the house of those who have work.
Mawhati MLA Charles Marngar on Tuesday visited Bindas Syiem, resident of Mawlong Nongtluh village, Ribhoi District. at the Parking Lot opposite the Additional Secretariat Office, Shillong.
“He is one of the young men who is smart enough to carry out the duties of the party and who carries out the responsibilities assigned to him without hesitation,” said the statement.
“On the HNLC's claim that leading leaders could be arrested if they come forward to the talks, Bah Kharkrang said that the HNLC should trust and believe in the Government because it has provided protection. .
The meeting also elected the new office bearers of MEPA for the term 2022-2
This is a sign of success because it is difficult to ban the sale of these types of tobacco near schools.
To strengthen the monitoring of the distribution of food, a smart phone will be provided to all the employees of the Aganwadi Centers and through this phone they will be able to monitor their work, if the work The phone will send a notification to the server that is specially designed for this purpose where the employees will not be able to cheat.
According to the complaint, at 8.30 pm, he gave a sign to stop the Ford Figo (ML-05Q-8412) at District Council Point, Shillong.
The letter was sent to the Chief Minister, Deputy Chief Minister, Minister of Home Affairs, Minister of Agriculture, Chief Secretary, Principal Secretary, Chairman and Secretary of Meghalaya Farmers. Empowerment Commission, Advisers of the Hill Farmer Union for information to take action on this issue.
However, this has not been the case for many years which means that there is no equal pay,” he said. The President of the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) Bah Lamphrang Kharbani has expressed his concern over the shortage of IAS and IPS candidates in Meghalaya. , IFS and other high ranks due to the loss of opportunity due to the non-inclusion of the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
When SP News Agency contacted Bah Ymbon to confirm his resignation, the MLA did not answer the phone despite repeated phone calls.
The permission was issued only on 14/12/2020 to comply with the guidelines of the MHA and the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Union Government regarding the prevention of the spread of COVID-1
He said that the government has already submitted an estimate to the NGT that there are still 32 lakh metric tonnes of coal, when it is correct and this is true and the government should ensure that the shallan should be available to the public. The price of one person shall not exceed 90 or 1000 tyngka as it is now but shall be according to the government price.
This was constructed at a cost of T.5,40,200/-.
Referring to the arrival of other countries of the world to join hands with India in the maritime dispute, he said that this shows that India is strong, in terms of the lack of naval base he said he would weigh in on the matter.
He said that the BSF wants to help the people in these areas by providing these assistance to improve their income.
“We have worked and we have never hesitated to contest the elections since our former MLA Martin M Danggo was still in the Congress party and now that he has left the Congress party to contest. from one party they have worked and we don't stieng”.
The Government continued to support these brave people who were willing to support themselves.
Many of the members have been arrested and many have been injured.
“I am confident that this National Hackathon will improve governance and bring about modern solutions for the people of the country,” he said.
The raid started from the Fire Brigade to Beat House as well as from Shyllong Market and Police Point to Don Bosco Square.
The first, second and third place winners of the marathon received cash prizes of 3,000, 2,000 and 10,000 tyngka.
Dr Mukul said that during his inspection at Negra in East Garo Hills, it was found that according to the government's auction of coal, the coal in the Negra depot is 34,000 MT. According to the decision of the NGT issued on 3rd November 2019, the Chief Secretary and the Director General of Police have been empowered to look after the transportation of coal. this did not happen as directed.
Speaking on the occasion, the President of the Northeast Student Organization Jalandhar, Arup Nath from Tripura said that this festival should be held every year to promote the culture and traditions of the North East. of India to the world.
He said that it is necessary to have CCTV cameras because if there is any incident in Meghalaya especially in the capital of the state the most affected is the 17-Shillong North Constituency because in this constituency there are CCTV cameras. largest markets in the state.
They are residents of Nokrianala village under Dangar Police Out Post.
The party requests the support of all the Syiems, Daloi, Lyngdohs, Sirdars, Rangbah Shnongs, Ministers and so on.
Nongstoin Police have registered a case against these two drug traffickers under the NDPS Act. Police across the state have stepped up their vigilance to fight against them. work drugs.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma today visited two hospitals in Shillong, Ganesh Das Hospital and Reid Provincial Chest Hospital. I'm going to the hospital.
Shillong, July 17: After the meeting of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee on Demonetization at Congress Bhawan Shillong today, MPCC President Dr. DD Lapang today spoke on the issue of demonetisation. The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPC) has condemned the incidents of violence against women earlier this year.
Shillong, July 15: Four MLAs have joined the BJP, five have joined the NPP and Saleng will join the NCP. Shillong, July 15: KHNAM Mawlai Youth Wing Circle has held an emergency meeting on 13/01/2018 and decided to remove Bah Carlos Rapsang from the post of President Mawlai Youth. Wing.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The second day of the 6th Meghalaya State Shooting Championship 2021 was held in collaboration with the North East Small Finance Bank Ltd.
After investigation , the union found that it was through the issuance of a Syrnod pathar by the Sordar of the village to Pappu Das confirming that he was born and is the full owner of the village of the Sordar of the village is unfounded and threatens the village and the minority.
Those who wish to join the army can reach the venue from 5 pm on the 5th ground.
“We have spoken face to face and if NHIDCL and the Government do not take action to build the road, we will file a PIL in the Meghalaya High Court,” said Bah Edmund. “I am speaking clearly to the Government, for three years we have been experiencing the deterioration of roads, the increase in the price of goods, the increase in the price of travel, The affected people who are sick and school children have been injured due to the collapse of the road during the rainy season.
India was born by those people who have endured the tyranny of the British, and it is right for them as a Seng and a Jaidbynriew to fight for freedom from oppression, whether it is rule. khadar,your income or your community.
It may be recalled that the Civil Sub Division Pynursla was inaugurated by Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya in 2017, which has pleased the people of the area and the house has been built in just nine years.
As a nation we need the youth to work hard to reach the ranks of IAS, IPS, IES and others so that in various Government Departments in our State there will be foreigners. as it is now that we are too few.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister of India expressed his feeling that the leaders of the two countries talk from time to time.
ejhd@gmail.com," or on WhatsApp Nos.
Speaking to reporters, Bah RB Shadap President of RDSA) after meeting with Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh at his residence, said that their visit today is to congratulate him for implementing this scheme. for this football field.
There have been no new deaths from the disease today, bringing the total number of deaths to 1462, the highest number of deaths from East Khasi Hills. District 992 people.
He also stressed on the development of local resources and collaboration with educational institutions to promote tourism adding that it is necessary to improve accessibility to different places. different and the participation of large companies so that tourism activities can develop rapidly in the region.
On the other hand, the state government said it condemns the LRO for trying to stir up and confuse the people on unfounded statements. He said that the LRO has misused social media to stir up the people. in other states against religious organizations and indigenous communities.
The injured were taken to Civil Hospital Shillong for treatment. After treatment they were discharged with minor injuries.
"“Is the State Government the only Government of one ethnic group? Are the non-ethnic groups not the voters/citizens of Meghalaya? Can't the Government do anything against the State authorities? Meghalaya.
It can be witnessed that many countries have closed down uranium mines in their own villages due to the spread of various diseases which can be passed down from generation to generation.
Lambor said that the Agrilla Health Center will be opened soon and at the same time he expressed his regret that the Agrilla Health Center still has many shortcomings in the health facilities. Thain, on this occasion, a special congratulations was given to the ASHAs who have worked hard in the fight against COVID-1
On the part of the MCS Officers Association, they said that they cannot forget their gratitude to Bah Donny.
Jowai, Jymmang 23: U Rangbah Chui Lamin Polynjar, Daloi of Nongtalang Electorate, today announced that the biggest meeting of the Lamin clan of all the descendants of Ïawchibidi and Ïawshibijai will be held on Saturday 27th at H. Enowell Pohshna Memorial Hall, Amlarem Haka at 10:30 am.
Therefore, the students should work hard to earn a reputation for themselves, their parents, the community and the nation as a whole.
At the end of the meeting with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, for the benefit of all the people who use the NH-6, especially the residents of East Jaintia Hills District, The Joint Action Committee has urged the government and the district authorities to implement the Motor Vehicle Act, 1988 and the Prevention of Damages to Public Properties Act,
This may be the first words in human beings, such as 'Mei' and 'Pa' which may have originated from the speech of children who are just learning to speak. in any nation, although there are slight differences according to their date and place.
Therefore, the union demands that the Meghalaya government should take action regarding this book because it misleads the students of class XII and others as well about the Khasi people and in this book as well. At the same time, the union demands that the government and the teachers should study themselves before using the books to the children so that they can understand the books. whether the book is suitable for use by children.
Formulate a Youth Policy for the benefit of the youth of the state.
The union also urged Dapoiwanmi Laloo that if it is really his shop, he should first change the name of the shop and remove the manager and appoint a Khasi in his place.
In his speech, he said that he hopes that all those who came to take part in this day will be the spokespersons for the preservation of the environment.
“Bah Shanbor Shullai and Bah AL Hek do not have the authority to appoint Rangbah Shnong, if we look at the rules and regulations, therefore the KHADC should ask for clarification from these two MLAs on the authority. The Working President of KHNAM-CEC said in a statement sent to the media on Friday.
He urged the village authorities to talk and provide space to bring before the Government authorities to discuss this issue.
Recalling the entire incident that happened during the country's independence, Defense Minister Amit Shah said, “After 75 years of independence, many people in India don't know about this. The incident in which the seizure of power took place through the handover of Sengol to Pt Jawaharlal Nehru.
At the same time, the children of the Raid Marwet should follow this sacrifice and also that they should know the meaning of “Sohjer” and they should perform this Sohjer at the beginning of the year in that month. Every year with the participation of the people of Raid Marwet including Byrnihat Umtyrnga, Khanapara Mawsmai and Barapathar.
Faculty members, researchers and non-teaching staff have been allowed to work from home until 31st October
Therefore, it is clear that all these parties will have to create opportunities to appoint new leaders, which will not be easy to do so because in many parties there is no fair democracy. long Sengs that rule only from some families.
The meeting will be conducted by the Deputy Election Commissioner of India, Umesh Sinha. the state in a proper manner and other responsibilities.
Speaking to reporters, Superintendent of Police (City) Vivek Syiem said that the police have received detailed information from the intelligence agencies about the smuggling of Kynja to Iewduh, Paltan Bazar. , they conducted a shrip visit at 10:30 pm.
Sanjay Goyal, Chairman and Managing Director of MeECL, said that the purpose of the work is to clean up the bridge and the restrictions on the traffic during the repairs are for the purpose of expedited and can be completed in a timely manner.
On the other hand, the KSU, FKJGP, HNYF & RBYF urges the Syiem and Bakhraw of the Hima Sohra, the Sordars of Mawlong, Wahlong, Majai, Sohbar, the Rangbah Shnongs, the Village Authorities, the Wahadadar , Executive Members of the Shella Confederacy as well as the Miners and Exporters Association.
The Governor's Office has received information that the unvioersity has issued certificates to students from Assam who have passed their PhD from this centre. The university is still investigating the matter.
Speaking at the opening ceremony of the syieng planting scheme, he said that the government has allocated T.121 crore to spend in the last three years to promote the syieng planting scheme in the state. will spend T.18 crore to produce 2,200 Mt. The beneficiaries will be 9000 households from 400 villages in the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: A meeting will be held tomorrow morning to discuss the construction of the Dome of the Legislative Assembly.
Relvin Higam, Vice President, Shillong Manipuri Students Union.
V.Swer, Additional Assistant Commissioner, Mairang Civil Sub Division, will be appointed as Extra Assistant Commissioner, Eastern West Khasi Hills District from
Another is that the government should do something about the themetor but now it has been seen that many years have passed and the HPC has been given only 6 months to submit its report but now it has not done anything for years. They demanded that the government should complete this task before the 2023 MLA elections.
Shillong, July 17: Police have seized 650 kilograms of dynamite from Jalaphet village and arrested four persons. Nikalai Chyrmang, 21, Mij Chyrmang, 22, and Shanbor Chyrmang,
between the leaders of the Union and management.
In his speech, the Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy, said that this is the only university in India where 50% of the students are women. India because we are citizens and at the same time to love our region and state.
On vehicles, the Union Minister said that Bharat Stage Six (BS VI) will be another milestone in the conversion of fuel used in vehicles and this has reduced by % emissions from vehicles and of this 30% has reduced the emission of Nitrogen Oxides in BS IV vehicles compared to BS III. BS VI and this new rule will be implemented from June
“As mentioned in this article, the residents of Ranikor C&RD Block have faced many problems because we fall under the Ranikor C&RD Block. The distance from our villages to the Block Head Quarter in Ranikor is about 50 KM, while the distance from the District Head Quarter in Mawkyrwat is only 25 KM.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Aristotle Rymbai said he is pleased that the government has taken this decision to pay the salary for four months and it will be completed for another month. from the central government totaled T122 crore.
He said that in this age of change, the people get news besides newspapers, they get news through TV and online news in this age of the Internet.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said that there is now a Central Government and in the state that understands the problems of the poor, the neglected, the oppressed, the backward and the low income.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, said that so far, 3354 people have been tested positive, 3158 negative, 14 positive, 12 dead. One person has recovered and one person is still in critical condition.
Thanks to the work of the MLA, a police station has been opened at Umsohlait and it is on this basis that today under the leadership of the HNYF they went to demand from the MBOSE to set up a venue for the Matric Examination. Mawhati, which has been promised that in 2019 it will be installed.
At this meeting, they urged the government to take over the operation of these ambulances and if it hands over to other companies, the employees should be appointed. .
He said that as of now there has been no increase and the price of the Professional Tax has remained the same as in the past years as they have not received any written notice regarding this. treasure.
The illegal entry of well-equipped Assam police started on the 4th of this month, said the elders of the village.
Four IPS officers, including Naman Kumar, who have completed training at SVP, NPA, Hyderabad, have been appointed as Sub Divisional Police Officers (SDPO), Raksamgre and Dewansh Pandey as Sub Divisional Police Officers. (SDPO), Amlarem, Ishan Gupta as Sub Divisional Police Officer (SDPO), Dadenggre and Ashish as Sub Divisional Police Officer (SDPO), Sadar, Shillong.
The meeting was attended by Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, Deputy Chief Executive Member and Bah Teibor Pathaw, Executive Member in charge of Land Department. Rangbah Shnong attended the meeting.
Since independence, India has improved the work of the IMD throughout India, from 1971 to 1983 it has continued to work together to improve the dissemination of information. on the occurrence in nature.
The Malangkona Police Outpost was established in
Shillong Lajong will play against Rangdajied United on the 27th of this month.
We have opportunities as big as the Indian Ocean, our efforts flow like the Ganges.
Regarding the tax on synsar, the central government wanted to increase the GST to 12%, but it was due to his negotiations with the central government that the tax on synsar was increased to 5%.
The Deputy Commissioner's Office has laid down the rules for the sale and purchase of farmers' markets from 7.00 am to 5.00 pm due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Bah F.Dkhar from the Manbha Foundation spoke on the impact of those who have become addicted to alcoholic beverages such as kyiad, drugs and others which make it difficult for them to kill or escape from such addictions. health, mental well-being, family and social well-being.
These requests were announced by John F Kharshiing during the MDC Election 2019 campaign in Laitryngew as part of the campaign for Donovan Wanlang, MDC and MDC candidate from the Congress Party.
From these four women, police seized a large quantity of items intended to be sold in the Bahmara market.
Shillong, July 06: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has estimated that 1351 people aged 15 to 18 years have been vaccinated in Meghalaya so far.
This was the answer given by the Prime Minister in the House today to a question raised by Clifor R Marak.
Immediately, Bah Paul touched Bah Poland and the gang of robbers who seemed to have planned and intended to do something wrong suddenly appeared with weapons in their hands. They threw bombs at the enforcement officers. In this incident, the press workers and a Naga girl were injured.
“Nearly Rs 300 crore worth of drugs have been seized in the last two years.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04: Ka Seng Kur Warjri has started celebrating the Silver Year from 1st November, 2022 with a flower festival and other activities held at Forever Rosely Nursery, Pomlum which will end on Saturday. November 5th, 2022.
Regarding the demand for ILP, on 27th November 2013, the Government said that there is no need for ILP. This is the central government, why do the opposition ask when they know what the basis of the previous government is.
Speech by Theilin Phanbuh Chairperson, MSCW and Padmashree was the chief guest on the occasion. Dorbar Shnong officials and school children from different parts of Mawryngkeng area came to take part.
It is for this reason that we understand that the post offices often work at night to complete the deposit of salaries to the employees due to the lack of salary in addition to the salary they have already received.
On the other hand, Bah Krill Suting and Bah Plaris Nongkynrih Secretary, along with a line of assistants who are also the leading leaders of the Seng Rangbah Shnong, Khapmaw, said that it is not an easy task to run. The Crèche Centre, because as a group they have to face many challenges, but as a Seng they have not hesitated to continue their service because they are eager and determined to They provide the best and most accurate service even though they have to go through many difficulties.
In 2015, the KHADC took over the land in Rangmaw and the KHADC promised to appoint two employees from the household. you have already made this agreement.
Police have also received information that some vehicles have sirens on their vehicles. The SP of East Khasi Hills District has ordered all vehicle owners to leave immediately. it shall be punished according to the rules of the law.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister said that the government wants to continue to work together in the future in many areas because the work of this organization is very impressive. and the government will continue to work together.
This also explains the close relationship between the BJP and the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS).
From the 10th of this month, the new notes will be available at ATMs and people will be able to withdraw T.2000/- per day.
They may know only after reading the tender that the tender includes the construction of the road or they may have been invited, advised and offered special thanks from UCIL if they support this tender.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, who is also the MLA from South Tura, today met with the residents of the Reserved Gittim Zone II to discuss the development works in the area. .
The peace talks have gone smoothly and this is only a ploy to disrupt the peace talks by those who intend to disrupt for the sake of those who do.
You have this power within yourself.
This was stated at a meeting organized by the National Health Mission (NHM), Meghalaya and Red FM. The meeting was held today in different parts of Shillong.
Police suspect that there is something behind the scenes and police are conducting further investigation into the incident. A case has been registered against them at Dawki Police Station under Case No.15(11)2017 U/S 120B IPC R/w Section /13 U.A.P Act.
Regarding the salary, the MPCC President said that the state is in trouble and the time will come when the employees will not receive their salaries due to the mismanagement of the present government. .
““The truth is that the Government is not ready to introduce a Bill to include the Khasi Language in the Baphra Schedule.
Dr. Budnah urged the VBDO to expand its work to Garo Hills and to hold public awareness meetings in West Khasi Hills and SWKH District as well.
On the other hand, the party sees that such incidents happen only when there are development projects, if Meghalaya wins from Assam and if it is done from Assam, Meghalaya wins and such incidents happen from Meghalaya. for sha for.
Because it is impossible to have two permanent residence permits and one temporary residence permit, it is impossible to say that there are two permanent residence permits. Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, said this.
They said that due to the sudden closure of coal mining, they have no choice but to find another way to earn a living but now they are sad and waiting for the day of the coal mining. death shall come upon them because of the famine.
Furthermore, various groups such as the World Bank, IMF, OECD and ADB estimate that India will grow by between 6.4%, 6.3%, 6.1% and 6.7% in 2024-2
Have you ever been to this place? If it is not enough, why is it taken without checking? Or didn't the government check before taking it over? Or if it has been inspected, the officers who have inspected it have given a false report to the government that the land is sufficient and now that the work has been completed, it will be found that it is not sufficient? Or, is the opening of this block in Wapung just the wisdom of the District Administration and the BDO Office? JR Siangshai Vice President of AJYWO said, “Is it just a political issue for the people of more than 100 villages in this block?” said JR Siangshai Vice President of AJYWO. The present government under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister, will have such a policy.
He said that in the last three years, many schemes have been launched in Phulbari but nothing has been implemented.
He said that the protection of Balat village will be only after the completion of the well to prevent the flooding of the Umngi River during the rainy season.
There are 59 cases in the state, 54 cases in East Khasi Hills, 6 cases from BSF and 48 cases from civilians and 20 cases from Mawpat alone.
Relatives of Bah Tarson Lymba have said that they cannot accept the allegation that he was involved in the IED blast in Iewmawlong on Saturday at 10:30 pm. afternoon
We will strive to make 'Yoga at Home, Yoga with Families' a part of our lives.
There is no need to describe the works she has done. The world has seen and witnessed the incomparable service she has given to mankind and has revealed herself to mankind that she has a close love for us. god.
Shillong, Lber 18: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has expressed its satisfaction that after 21 years, the government has accepted the demand for the recognition of Lady Hydari Park. like Phan Light Park.
Shillong, July 17: The Deputy Inspector General of BSF, New Delhi, UK Nayal, on Tuesday directed the Meghalaya Frontier Department to be vigilant during these days as the smuggling of cows will continue. This is the Eid celebration.
The North East Small Finance Bank (NESFB) has announced to recruit about 200 people from the North East by November
These villages fall under the Sumer Elaka, the EJNC-SC has convened a meeting with the Village & Elaka Leaders to discuss the issue of neglect of the children of the area especially in relation to the deterioration of the country. Road passing through 4 villages.
The party will not stand idly by and will continue to monitor the issue that the government should implement this issue which the people have been demanding for decades.
The journey commenced with a rigorous selection trial on January 4th and 5th, 2024, followed by an intensive Coaching cum Selection Camp from January 6th to 17th, 2024, where 25 skilled players were chosen to represent Meghalaya on the national stage.
In addition, the Khasi Pnar medicine; The Social Forestry Department of West Jaintia Hills District also came to take part in the exhibition.
The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, AT Mondal, told SP News Agency that the dorbar synrai will start on the 4th of March and will continue till the 10th of March. It will continue on the 21st when the President of India will deliver his speech in the House.
On the other hand, the Assistant Engineer of the Ministry of Transport and Communications explained that the part of the tourism department that has been built in this area is only for the shops, but the decision has come from the house. leg belongs to the road construction department.
In his speech, the Minister of Sports and Sports on this occasion paid tribute to the people of the area who have been demanding for a long time to get this block and now their demand has been fulfilled and the entire office of the block. Block has also been built in the right manner and now they will transfer all the work to this new office.
Police said that three other passengers identified as Banrap Marboh from Mawlynrei, East Khasi Hills were also in the vehicle. Frick Kharkongor from Nongrah and Lewis Kharkongor from Lapalang, East Khasi Hills.
“The BJP is an ATM for other parties in Meghalaya,” she said. At the same time, a question was asked, “Is the TMC a close friend of the BJP? Is the TMC's arrival in Goa only to divide the vote of the Congress?
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) War Jaintia Circle led by President Eddy Kery Pohtam together with the Executive Committee of the JSU Syndai Unit led by President Pynshailang Suliang and General Secretary. Heiplan Tariang has lodged a complaint with the Executive Engineer of Jowai South Division PWD (Roads) and the Assistant Engineer Border Roads Sub-Division PWD.
Shillong, June 09: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the government has worked hard to ensure that there should be no shortage of food items in the state especially rice.
However, they saw that the prime minister has been saying that it is a continuous process and the data needs to be taken into account since
The Knock out Tournament for children born after 01.01.2001 is expected to start in February this year.
Using various channels to disseminate information on how to use face masks and social distancing.
The special training will start on the 17th and end on the 18th of July at 9.30 pm.
He has been directed to ensure that security guards are provided and if there is more work, more troops will be requested from the Central Government to patrol and ensure peace and order.
The driver of the bus said that there was a collision and he stopped near the Nongpynsong police out post.
Leaders of the HNYF Women's Wing have gathered at Madan Students to hold a rally in Mombati. The HNYF demands that the police should not take action against the women's wing. in connection with this incident to arrest the killers.
A tourist driver from Nongstoin-Shillong, Bah Mcbornbonnyson Kharbani, 29, resident of Pathew Mawthadraishan village, has lost his life after being hit by a roadside bomb. kill the enemy by throwing him into the hands of the thieves.
This is the first time that the Khasi people have produced it.
The tasks of this committee are to reform the examination system, to oversee the examination system and to recommend how to improve the conduct of the examination and to prevent any to review the Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs)/Protocols of the NTA and recommend how to strengthen these protocols along with the monitoring to ensure compliance with the rules at all levels .
The Police Department in charge of Jails in Meghalaya today conducted a cleanliness drive around the District Jail in Nongpoh to mark Gandhi Jaynati. said Bah M Kharkrang IG in charge of prisons.
What the Cabinet has said is to discuss the boundary between the two districts and the rules to be discussed the government will take a decision on how to proceed in this regard. conversation.
“Officers should not take part in political activities.
“He said that according to the suggestion of the MDC of Mawhati, the Executive Committee will soon visit the border villages under Raid Nongtung to listen to the problems faced by the people on the border so that the border settlement can be completed. it is not a loss to the Kingdoms and cities.
Shillong, November 14: The Assembly of the Chiefs of Meghalaya, which includes the Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya; The Federation of Khasi States, the Dorbar of Dolloi, and the Council of Nokmas, which met today, 14th December 2012, at Shillong, after nearly four hours of discussion, took the following decisions: Government of India to expedite and expedite the new arrangement by introducing, and to make clear the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement agreed and signed between the Government of India and the twenty-five Hima Khasi (Federation of Khasi States) on 9th, 13th, 14th August 1947 and 17th August
Conduct trials of all these measures twice a year, including fire evacuation procedures, to ensure that doctors and staff understand what to do in such incidents.
The KSU urges the government to visit the Civil Hospital or 100 Bedded CHC in Mawkyrwat to find out the shortcomings inside the hospital. .
Police have arrested Ngai Rami, 28, resident of Nongmynsong, on 16/07/2023, on 16/07/2 This is the person from Nongmynsong.
HYC President Robertjune said that they will meet with Claudia Lyngwa Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District at 12 noon today to discuss the incident.
Mazumdar and his friend Rana Chakroborthy, a teacher, were riding a bike when armed men suddenly appeared and tried to abduct the teacher at about 10:00 – 10:00:0 30 am in the morning.
The name of the child was Manga John son of Thangtin Khup.
The Central Government has set a target that by 2022, farmers will earn twice as much from agriculture.
On the same day, the union inspected many workplaces in Mawkhar village and found that many of the workers are foreigners and arrested them and suspended them immediately.
The directives of the university are not clear, it was also revealed that the teachers are also against the proposal to implement the NEP from this month.
The Sat Paul Mittal National Inter-University Debate Competition was held for two days on the 1st and 2nd of October at the IAPPD Auditorium, New Delhi. cup among the high schools of India.
Shillong, Naiaiwng 30: It is a great pride for the Khasi people and the state as a whole that a Khasi mother has been able to write and publish a book in Hindi.
Shillong, July 15: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) of South West Khasi Hills District has strongly opposed the government's plan to set up a headquarters of the ANVC-B in Garo Hills. Hill district.
There is no such thing as a 'lad aikam aijam'
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday celebrated the 64th birth anniversary of Rev. JJM Nichols Roy. Sixth Schedule.
Regarding the issue of NTPC, the Minister of Power will leave for Delhi in these days to meet with the Union Minister of Power to remove some of the rules. under the NPTC because this affects the state.
This was announced by Samla Risingstar Marwein, Organizing Secretary, KSU Ranikor Circle.
The theme of the event was “Let's stand forward to rise high” in collaboration with the District Social Welfare Office, Tura. Meghalaya Rural Bank.
On the same day at 5 pm, another meeting was held in the presence of the MLA of the area, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, Chief Advisor to the Government of Meghalaya, Additional Home Secretary, IG Law & Order. IG Border and IG BSF Meghalaya to discuss the incident.
She said that research and innovation in educational institutions, especially in higher education institutions, is essential.
The HYC understands that the decision should be taken by the Executive Academic Council and not by the Executive Council. to resolve these issues that have arisen in recent months and he should convene an emergency meeting with the Principals of colleges and the government to attend.
“It is a great loss to the Revenue Department of the State Government and even to the KHADC,” said John Lyngdoh. The HYC leaders said that they have seen with their own eyes that there are no Khasi children who can work in these two places and many of them are from Assam. He said that the union has sent the authorities in charge of the work to suspend the work of the foreigners until they have provided the documents according to the rules.
“The woman is Khasi, one man is Khasi and one Garo,” said Riang.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong R.Lyngdoh, IAS, said, “Health is a great wealth”, she said, “Eyes are the light to the world”. .
He said that the area has many kshiad, crema pubon which people from other places do not know and he hopes that through this festival people will get to know this area.
The posts required for the examination are for the post of Assistant Engineer in Electrical, Mechanical, Civil and Junior Engineer in Electrical, Mechanical, Civil for temporary posts with MeECL. The temporary suspension of the examination was approved by the Chairman and Managing Director of MeECL.
The celebration at the central government office began with the taking of an oath not to commit corruption and was led by the Deputy Director of HIS, Shillong.
Ramson said that the incident occurred at night and it occurred at night while they were working. who employ at least 45 persons.
The reason is that the Congress party has not given him a ticket.
The Chief Minister after the meeting with the DCs and BDOs through Video Conferencing was useful in seeing how the schemes have been implemented especially in the rural areas.
Regarding the money, the Prime Minister said that when the government and the Hima sit down to discuss, they will look at these ways and means how to raise the money. Bring many government officials today to see together”.
It is to be recalled that this work started 39 years ago (1979) when one of the great thinkers of the people (Late) Bah Martin N Majaw, MLA, Mawhati, introduced the Extension and Application. The Bill 1979 was introduced by the late Martin N Majaw, MLA in the House in 1979, but unfortunately the FORUM Government of the late BB Lyngdoh Chief Minister did not pass the bill. The Congress led by the National League for Democracy (NLD) did not accept the Bill because it was introduced by a member of the opposition.
Shillong, Lber 24: The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Shillong, has written to the District Superintendent of Police, Tripura to investigate Joy Shankar Jamatia in connection with his robbery. who fall within the city of Shillong.
Today, BSF troops seized 26 cows from this area while the smugglers were trying to smuggle them into Bangladesh.
He said that he and the government have decided to provide a special scheme for this school, 20 lakh tyngka.
He said that the Convention should also promote a system of love and unity among all the citizens of India.
It was further alleged that the Daloi did not allow the Sengbhalang to enter Sutnga area to see the welfare.
The Minister said that everyone has to follow the guidelines issued by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare in terms of social distancing.
As usual in the villages, his mother used to tell stories about the Ramayana and Mahabharata.
Two deaths have been reported today, both of them are from East Khasi Hills, bringing the death toll to 1415 in the state. whole.
In this regard, Bah Ksanlah lodged a petition with the High Court in October, 2012 alleging that the decision to evict the village was issued by the Dorbar Shnong Shella under his leadership. Bah Tobias Tiewdop is against the rules of procedure of the Dorbar.
The Central Government does not pay close attention to those people who intend to spread false information, as the country will uphold the rules of law.
The dorbar pyllun was filled with the participation of the youth and the elders of the village. Many issues were discussed in the dorbar kur. The dorbar was conducted by the president of the Kur, Bah Joplin Kharraswai.
There are 15 cases in Ri Bhoi, 9 cases in close proximity and 6 cases in East Khasi Hills. West Jaintia Hills 3 and East Jaintia Hills
The Seng also sends a clear statement to all the Village Leaders of Jaintia Hills and to all the Village Leaders of Bri u Hynniewtrep that they should no longer issue syrnot or any No Objection Certificate to foreigners without permission. whether these applicants are entitled to receive documents from the Dorbar Shnong.
U Bah Process T Sawkmie MLA of Mawlai, on receiving the information from the elders of Mawtawar, went to Mawtawar to see the incident. Many houses were affected and only one house was badly damaged.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the CEM confirmed that only one name will be sent but he did not disclose the name to whom the news will be sent. The name sent was that of Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, MDC.
: The meaning of syrnot-syrnot is a document that recognizes or recognizes the work or work of someone who has written only the title of that work.
Other decisions were taken that the party will not file any complaint against those people who caused the riots on the 11th of this month on the day of the arrest of Bah Kulam. However, the law enforcement agencies should arrest and punish them according to the provisions of the law.
Tura, July 15: The President of India, Droupadi Murmuka today inaugurated the 5th Meghalaya Games 2024 in Tura in the presence of Governor Phagu Chauhan, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and Tura MP Agatha Sangma was appointed to the Cabinet.
“The people of Meghalaya deserve a state free from corruption and good governance.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The Commissioner and Secretary of District Council Affairs (DCA) Bah Jopthiaw Lyngdoh today said that according to the count received till 7 pm today, the turnout of voters in the election has increased. MDCs in KHADC are 70 percent and in JHADC only 58 percent.
The foundation stone was laid on 19th November 2011 and it is now 10 years old.
Many government officials from various departments were present to explain on the work to improve the income of the people by working together. The meeting was conducted by J.C. Paul, Assistant Registrar. of Cooperative Societies, Nongstoin.
Shillong, Nailur 30: The Meghalaya Golf Promoters' Society (MGPS) has held a new election of its office bearers. Alexander Hek has been elected as the party's chairman.
As in this free country we must accept this.
The CEM said that for this purpose it should be understood that the term State includes Local Authorities such as Municipal Boards and especially Autonomous District Councils, as stated in Article 12 of the Constitution. Constitution of India.
Members of Cooperative Societies from West Khasi Hills District attended the event.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: Police of East Khasi Hills District today on receiving a tip that there are drug traffickers in Shillong city conducted a search operation and arrested another drug trafficker.
The Dorbar urges the KHADC authorities to correct the name of Hima Raid Mynsaw as it should be to the name of Hima Nongmynsaw as it has been recognized since ancient times and according to the evidence. During the British period, this new creation affected the attempt to resolve the border of Ri Khasi between Meghalaya and Assam, in the Langpih area.
This surveillance is 24 hours a day.
Shillong, Naitung 25: U Bah HS Shylla CEM of KHADC today introduced a proposal to amend the Second Amendment to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District. Bill,2018.
Shillong, November 07: The two-day Monolith Festival organized by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) in Mawphlang District has been held in Mawphlang District.
The arrest of the GNLA leader has been a great loss to the GNLA. Police have accepted the arrest and the investigation is ongoing.
Regarding the non-inclusion of the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India, the KSU has demanded this during his tenure. In 2005, the Government recognized Khasi and Garo as the Associate Official Languages ​​in the State.
Shillong, Naiwieng 25: The Association of Meghalaya Tradersand Transporters (AMTT) has submitted a petition to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, has urged the government to install the weighbridges belonging to the government.
After closing at 5 pm as usual, the phalor opened for the vendors to open their shops to transform Nan Polok with lights, food and drinks. the musical instruments to stir up.
Pala said he welcomes all those who have returned to the party especially Pynshgnaing Syiem, Adrian Lambert C Mylliem, Mosjo R Wanswet. The party will not be able to hold the ticket.
Shillong, July 08: The Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, comprising the Federation of Khasi States, Sirdarships, Dolloi and Nokmas, has met today. On 8th January 2013, in Shillong, after many meetings on the survival of the Constitution of India (which has been amended more than 100 times) even after 63 years (26 January 1950-26 January 2013). sien), and when the Dorbar Shnongs, Raids and Himas and the draft agreements and promises – 16 July 1947, 9, 13, 14 August 1947, 15 December 1947 and 17 August 1948 (IOA & AA), which have been approved and signed. between the Government of India and the Khasi States – in accordance with the Indian Independence Act 1947, under the Constitution of India, and in continuation of the decisions of the first Dorbar Ri. on October 6, 2007 in Mawphlang Hima and on November 14, 2011 in Asanangre, West Garo Hills.
The Prime Minister said that this is an effort to implement the 10 issues mentioned in the 2024-2025 budget.
He said that the party has every reason to stand firmly to demand the Inner Line Permit (ILP). They carried flags and banners at all the Head Quarters of Districts as well as Head Quarters of Sub-Divisions and other parts of the state to show and express to the Government that Meghalaya really needs the ILP. “In Meghalaya, as far as we are concerned, foreigners are allowed to enter our state,” said Bah Lam.
Registration is open from 7 pm to 3 pm.
Chairman of the Council of Nokmas KC Momin said that if the Dorbar Shnongs are strong, the ILP will be implemented. There will be no jobs, but the problem now is that even foreigners who buy land should not be banned.
More than 50 lakh people from Khasi and Jaintia Hills will elect their leaders for the two Autonomous District Councils where 212 candidates have contested.
“In this regard, the Principal Chief Conservator of Forest (PCCF) has informed the KSU leaders that the security and investigation is ongoing and if necessary, the department will arrest the illegal residents of Mahadev Khola. Forest will seek the assistance of the Deputy Commissioner's Office and the Superintendent of Police's Office.
For India, the G20 Presidency also marks the beginning of “Amritkaal”, a 25-year period starting from the country's 75th Independence Day on 15th July 2022, leading to the centenary of independence.
Mairang, Nailur 20: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of Eastern West Khasi Hills District today announced that the ration shops have been released through the ration shops under the National Food Security Act, free rice under the PMGKAY scheme for the month of November,
The indefinite strike by the teachers of St Edmund College started on the ground floor of the college and today spread to the teachers of St Edmund College near the Additional Secretariat to express their protest. They are the ones who have done the College.
The statements and explanations of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, are worthless if they do not agree.
In a statement sent to the media, Superintendent of Police East Jaintia Hills Jagpal Singh Dhanoa said, “On the 19th of this month, police received a tip from a resident. Lumshnong Police Station has received a phone call from an unidentified person who demanded money and threatened to take action against him unless he pays the money. not claimed.
The BSF has stepped up its patrols to curb the smuggling of Bangladeshis into India especially in Meghalaya and this is to maintain peace and order on the border, said the DIG. BSF of UK Nayal of Meghalaya Border.
Balajieid Surong – Asst.Secy.
They don't need to go to government offices but they can apply from their mobile phones through Apps.
Shillong, March 31: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Shillong today sent a letter to the government requesting them not to attend a meeting at Yojana Bhavan to discuss the issue of “ The Meghalaya Landlords and Verification Bill" will be passed tomorrow.
The latest news received by the SP News Agency said that the department of the state government will do its utmost to curb the influx of drugs especially in Shillong.
The building of the new Legislative Assembly at Mawdiangdiang, New Shillong Township has collapsed on Thursday.
He has foreseen his vision of our character and intelligence and followed that of others especially that of the Western countries which brought about a change in his way of thinking and way of life. Khasi.
Nongpoh, March 27: U Bah Meralborn Syiem MLA of Nongpoh today inaugurated the Raid Marmain Women Multi Purpose Co-operative Society Ltd.
Shillong, Iaiong 23: A foreigner whose name and address is unknown but it is believed that he belongs to the Kharkhali community has died near Hima Mylliem in Mawkhar today. On the 10th day, the traffic police saw this Dkhar lyngkrang on the road and they thought he was drunk and in the busy schedule they did not pay attention to this Dkhar.
Referring to tourism, he said the central government wants Meghalaya to become a tourism hub and to achieve this the government has already allocated T.100 crore.
As the election campaign approached, the enthusiasm and desire to hold such meetings grew stronger and stronger.
Speaking to media after being summoned, he said, “I came here by tracksuit because I am ready to go to jail. give more rules for the life of the nation"
Shillong, Nailur 03: Many people have been injured in a road accident in many parts of Meghalaya today. who has hit the car.
Speaking at the 4th Seng Khasi Sein Raij, Bah Mohendro Rapsang MLA of 18-Shillong West, urged the children who attended the tournament to have a goal in their lives. life, because the future of the country and the nation is in their hands.
The HITO said the time has come for the prime minister to take action to avoid any tragic incident and if it happens the government should take responsibility.
When the people of Bangladesh come to this river, they cross the border to India.
“The villages that use the Umkhen River, we are deeply concerned because according to the clear information through the members who have arrived at this place and those who have visited that place said that the place (to turn into a thehniut ) is located near the Wah umkhen.
Kharkutta National People's Party RUPERT MIMIN (WINNER), 38 Mendipathar National People's Party MARTHON J SANGMA (WINNER), 39 Resubelpara National People's Party TIMOTHY D.SHIRA (WINNER), 40 Bajengdoba NationalWONGSE4 People's MAParty All India Trinamool Congress DR.MUKUL Sangma, 42 Rongjeng National People's Party JIM M SANGMA (WINNER).
The purpose of this test is to prevent the spread of the disease if they are present and can be quarantined, according to the authority given under the Meghalaya Epidemic Diseases, COVID-19 Regulations, with the changes you need to do this test nap hang.
He said the curfew has been implemented well across the country.
Star Wahlyngdoh was the winner of the tournament when the management had to hold a tie breaker to determine the winner of the tournament. Young Star Nongryngkoh won the cash prize of Rs.20,000/- while Young Star Nongryngkoh won the cash prize of Rs.20,0
On the 3rd of this month, the youths of the Phudmuri Presbyterian Church under the umbrella of the Phudmuri Presbyterian Youth Association (PPYAID), came down to clean up the street. this is the source of the Umshing River.
The Monetary Policy Committee of the RBI has increased the repo rate by 250 basis points in 2022-23 to 6.5% to curb inflation following the sudden rise in prices around the world.
Regarding Stage-I of 50MW and Stage-II of 100MW, all the preparations have been completed and after that they will be submitted to the Cabinet to sign the Memorandum of Understanding. to move forward in terms of preparation.
This is the first time that such a meeting has been held in Nongthymmai.
This happened at 7.30 pm on Sunday.
According to the decision, Bah Wanmi will be imprisoned for three years and fined T.1000/- if he does not pay the fine. a statement sent today.
Shillong, Nailar 16: Police have found the body of Bah Rishad Sing Kharmutee who went missing from Iewduh on the 11th of this month. Shillong on Tuesday.
He explained that it is through the initiative of the United Nations that countries around the world have to make a special law for them and the Government of India has done this and in Meghalaya too. you can't do that.
Shillong, Nailur 13: U President of HITO, Donbok Dkhar, on Tuesday said that during the meeting with the civil society, the Chief Minister did not speak and said that the talks went ahead without listening to the civil society.
He said that we also congratulate the Sports Department for once again agreeing to support us for this third time.
The HSPDP has decided to end its alliance with the United Democratic Party (UDP) under the banner of the Regional Democratic Alliance (UDP) after its defeat in the Lok Sabha elections. you're long gone.
There are 178 cases in the state, 27 cases in East Khasi Hills, 22 cases in North Garo Hills, 1 case in North Garo Hills, 2 cases in Ri Bhoi and 2 cases in West Garo Hills.
No written or personal interview is required but once approved, the job is already in hand and the salary is also without any discrimination.
We have been able to conserve the species of animals, plants and habitats where these exist even though they are endangered.
The re-election date for the Senior Residents will be on 21st July
“Many children who are receiving education here are now suffering because of the pandemic and these problems are multifaceted.
In the complaint, it was alleged that the suspect had fled the workplace with 400,000 rupees.
In order to raise funds for the construction of the full office of the party, which has started construction at Mookhep village, East Jaintia Hills for the sake of completion.
The RPF police when conducting searches on the railways look carefully and when they check those inside the railway they ask questions and when they see that the children are walking inside the trains or railway stations they turn around to know who they are. in the house in the sem.
Three persons inside the bus were injured in the accident.
To see the location of the village and how close it is.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister also distributed awards to the students who have completed their training.
The four suspects were identified as Bina Hajong, Nirma Sangma, Mallika Hajong and Shivli Sangma. They were all residents of Baghmara. of Bangladesh.
Dr Jitendra Singh said that NESAC has prepared a working plan with the departments in charge of the five states.
In this shop, there are many kinds of specially made items including Larnai pottery to Ryndia clothes.
It was announced in the House that the government will have its own building and the work will start in 2013-2014, he said.
Record setting of optical fiber connected villages in India today.
The Central Government has acknowledged that the HNLC has four incidents of violence from 01st July 2015 to November 2019 including the killing of a civilian.
According to Bah Rober June Kharjahrin, the union has requested permission from the District Administration to hold the strike for three days, but the government has refused. They didn't give permission until four o'clock today and tomorrow morning.
During the meeting with the Chief Minister, the MCTA said that the Meghalaya government is still implementing the Assam Aided College Employees Rules of I'm not sure what to do.
During this two-day training, the participants showcased their skills.
The KAS also urged the government to amend the Meghalaya Language Act, 2005 so that the Khasi language can be made the official language in Meghalaya. Dictionary in Khasi in the right way.
It will also help provide high data rate, low latency, and seamless communication.
The Commissioner Secretary of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, today said that the office has received information that the former MLA has passed away. of Phulbari Constituency, U Phulbari Constituency, has passed away today.
Shillong, Nialar 25: The HITO of East Jaintia Hills District today lodged a complaint at Lumshnong Police Station against those who shouted “Maro maro” as reported in the media.
Small arms, nuclear, biological and chemical (NBC) weapons and many other weapons were on display at the exhibition.
The launch of this program is part of India's Pradhan Mantri TB Mukth Abhiyaan, which aims to reduce the number of TB cases in India by
The government's sudden announcement of the curfew has caused the people to be shocked and rush to the markets to buy jobs.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Ransom Sutnga expressed his satisfaction that the support of these leaders and the people has encouraged him more and more in the upcoming Legislative Assembly elections. in 2023.
Speaking as the leader, Bah Banshai Marbaniang also expressed his concern in relation to the health sector where the Government authorities through the health department are still forgetting in many areas to provide services to the people especially in the rural areas.
MEPA stands on the ground that literature goes hand in hand with the development of the Khasi language.
Besides, it was also witnessed that the Smart City road behind the DIPR office and in front of the Shillong Press Club was flooded and an elderly man was injured in the leg. after he fell into the pit by accident while walking.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: Leaders of the North East Students Organization (NESO) today left for Delhi to meet with political party leaders to seek their support to oppose the Citizenship Amendment Bill. The BJP government has returned to Parliament in the current session.
Regarding the government's announcement, it has brought about doubt, uncertainty which can be explained in any way in many areas and this spirit of the law should be renewed.
“He also alleged that the presence of the Anti-Infiltration Check Gate of the Government in Byrnihat is just a stupid shynrong because the search of vehicles and people from outside the state is just a mistake. and it is not filled with faith.
Sangma, 22, Purno R. Marak, 24, and Amiston T Sangma, who were driving the bike, are all from Ranikor area of ​​South West Khasi Hills District.
On the allegation by the opposition leader that the government is silent, the Chief Minister said that he does not understand what the silence means but any information that comes to the government from the the government takes that information seriously.
he was also a skilled singer and loved to sing religious songs and praise the Lord.
“As the party, we have been going since 2019 to convince the former CEMs of the Council to pay taxes from the trucks to the collection gates of the Council.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah John F Kharshiing, Vice-President, East Khasi Hills District Congress Committee, said that only the Congress party can provide governments with a stable and stable governance. five years.
What happened at the market was that many of the people who came to buy jhur did not wear masks as directed by the government.
On the other hand, Dr Mukul urged the House to take a decision to urge the central government to amend the CAA,
Without resolution, it would be wrong for Adelbert Nongrum to confirm himself as president.
The Naga Students Union Shillong (KSU) has showcased the attack on the Nagas in Shillong in the film 1978-KSU SHIRTA.Shillong, Shillong. Lber 29: Four IPS graduates from Assam-Meghalaya today met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan at Raj Bhavan Shillong.
On the other hand, Pynshai Rani, Publicity Secretary KSU, who was the chief guest, said that the marynthing-ka snappaka is one of the best examples for the preservation and preservation of the dress. the beat and the original dates of Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum.
States like Arunachal Pradesh, Mizoram, Nagaland and Manipur have already received ILP, but we in Meghalaya are just starting with the MRSSO 2019 which is only the beginning of the ILP. Tagatha Roy, who is now married, is still alive.
In the past few years, Meghalaya has experienced two differences.
On the other hand, the KSU urges the youths who are in the midst of strike to end their strike as the government has decided to extend the deadline for the result.
Shillong, July 28: DADF Secretary Devendra Chaudhary has convened a special meeting of the Principal Secretaries and Secretaries of Government Officials of the North Eastern Region of India on how to fight for the development of the North Eastern Region. you don't live in this area.
The KJNU leader said that if there is a need to check the documents of the vehicles, there are MVIs and if they carry too much, there are DMR checkpoints. The petition states that the collection of money from the trucks passing on this road is even in the morning and this has led to the removal of the MVI. The union expects the police to take action against this illegal act.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: The Assam Rifles Golf Team comprising Lt Col Sandeep Sharma and Major RD Dabla have won the Governor Golf Tournament organized by the Assam Rifles. held at the Lighthouse Golf Course.
In the letter, he also raised the issue of raising the age of unemployment of youth to 38 years. This is the responsibility of the state government which can do if If the Odisha government cannot do so, it will be difficult for the Meghalaya government to take a decision.
The HYC has urged to strengthen the law enforcement agencies to fight against drug trafficking, as the sale of these drugs has increased. They are not in the state.
He expressed his satisfaction with the workshop and hoped that it would be of great benefit to the Child Welfare Committees (CWCs), Juvenile Justice Board (JJB), Special Juvenile Police Unit (SJPU), Print and Electronic Media. their work to protect children and their rights.
He urged the people to stand forward to get the benefits, now the government has allocated up to T.1600 crore for the Rural Development Department.
: means a fully written news item on any matter that should not be broadcast to the public.
Regarding this decision of the Government to move the office of EE PWD Jowai North to Shangpung is for the convenience of the people and the Government will build a mini Secretariat in this place. Government agencies are not available in this office.
The 12 cases are from East Jaintia Hills, 3 from East Khasi Hills, 2 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from Eastern West Khasi Hills, 1 from North Garo Hills, 1 from West Garo Hills and 2 from West Khasi Hills.
Dr WR Kharlukhi said that there has been no discrimination against the government but if such statements have been made, he feels that he has to explain to the people. He was ready to resign as an MP from the Rajya Sabha.
“We ask Rahul Gandhi to explain in what way the identity, history, way of life of the people of Meghalaya has been attacked. How can the party help the society and improve the people of Meghalaya through various Morchas, not that we should shake hands with the Congress party which has ruled our country for 40 years, the BJP She also said that the number of party office bearers among the indigenous people of the country, in different districts from urban to rural areas is increasing with the passing of the days.
The Chief Minister said that 75% of the land should be borne by the state government and 25% by MeECL, but no decision has been taken. he did not speak inside the Cabinet.
Furthermore, the people who were able to fall into the thlen's throat were called Lang-thoh-khlieh and this is a story about the thlen. write white from the shyllang.
17-Jowai North, Marki Mulieh UDP, 3902, 18-Jowai-Central, Bah Hawaiian Andrew Shullai INC 2316.19-Jowai-South, Bah Moonlight Parait UDP, 5781.20-Muthlong-Sohkymphor, I8Tu. Rymbai UDP, 1744.22-Musniang-Rngat, Phasmon Dkhar IND, 2459.23- Rymbai-Khliehriat Kong Vionet Lyngdoh UDP,
Ten policemen of the state who received the Governor Police Award were honoured and the winners of the Meghalaya Day Award were also awarded the Tirot Sing Award. In the category of literature, Bah Sumar Sing Sawian was awarded the Award, Pa Togan Sangma Award was awarded to Leander K. Marak and the Kiang Nangbah Award was awarded to Kong. Dolyne Kharbhih, who is in sports.
At the Zone Women's Assembly, 37 men and women religious leaders who have been in service around the world were awarded certificates. on the 23rd of this month by the Priests and Office Bearers of the Union of Women of the Shillong Archdiocese.
:Women play an important role in society, without their progress, development in society is stagnant.
The swearing-in ceremony was attended by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong, Sniabhalang Dhar, Lahkmen Rymbui and James K Sangma.
It is a great loss to 7 children and a wife.
According to the estimates, 73% of government employees have reached their workplaces in the state.
The reason for the confusion of the students who came to write this examination is due to the lack of knowledge of the examination rooms due to the lack of explanation and lack of clarity in relation to the examination. There is no building where you can take this exam.
Shillong, July 24: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Pyniaid Sing Syiem today moved a resolution in the House to oppose the Central Government's plan to implement the Uniform Civil. Code” as revealed through the National Law Commission which has consulted with the citizens of India.
India is among the top 10 countries receiving FDI with the highest inflow of US$ 84.8 billion in FY
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: There are 33 new cases of COVID-19 in Shillong today, 26 from East Khasi Hills and 3 from West Khasi Hills. , the total number of cases is
The KSU also wishes all the members of the KSU and the people who were injured in the attack a speedy recovery.
The Chief Minister was also requested to meet face to face with the Chief Executive Members to discuss these issues in order to avoid conflicts with the laws of India from time to time. year.
Shillong, July 12: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of Sohiong Hima on Tuesday said that they have already submitted a letter to the KHADC since 1/12/2021 within 40 days. The KHADC has decided to appoint the Lyngdoh of Sohiong.
“After the minister’s presentation, he had an interactive discussion with the various stakeholders who included industry representatives, lawyers, Intermediaries, consumer groups amongst others and invited their inputs on it.
Police said that they were informed by the Rangbah Dong of Wahkdiat, on receiving this information, they rushed to the hospital to rescue the child. When they went to pick it up, they found that the child's body was still there.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The WAKO India Senior and Masters National Kickboxing Championship 2021 was held in Goa on Wednesday.
The Dr Kalam Center and the Resource Center at the NEC will work together to strengthen the roads by avoiding duplication of the same work.
The CEM of KHADC, Bah Latiplang, said that there is a demand for the resignation of Titosstarwell Chyne MDC of the UDP. The number of people who come to the dorbar shall not be sufficient, or the number of visitors to the dorbar shall not be accepted.
The Government's strict measures are to eradicate illegal buildings.
This training is about the relationship between parents and the media.
Many other speakers on the same topic were also present.
The Crystal Gayle Kharnaïor Memorial Award has been awarded every year since
According to the government's figures, 45 women are raped every day in the country and this is the highest number in the world.
Shillong, July 17: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and his Cabinet today met with Prime Minister Narendra Modi and submitted a petition on the issue of This is the state of Meghalaya.
After the establishment of the Government of Meghalaya, it has brought about many changes in the way of working and transporting Mawshun.
The Khar Bangla immediately informed the members of the KSU Tongseng Narpuh unit and with the hard work of the members, the sumo was seized.
Amit Shah said he was confident that with the determination of the Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya, we would make the North East free from conflict through consultations with all the states.
The public hearings will be held from 11 am to 4 pm.
On the other hand, the JSU said that through this Behdeinkhlam 2021, they will get health, income, education and as the JSU wishes all to get the best in the country. all sides.
The Chief Minister said in the House that the government has taken measures to improve the collection of revenue from natural resources as well as from kyiad and other sources of revenue. you can get it.
Other issues brought before the Cabinet today were, if the government wants to run the MCCL, it should spend T.190 crore to improve it. Secondly, if this factory is to be revived, it is necessary to work with the private sector in the form of a Joint Venture or to shut it down.
In the tournament which was held from 17th to 19th at Rongkhon and Darechikgre, EJH won 12 medals including 5 gold, 4 silver and 3 bronze medals.
He said that this protest would not be a mass protest without these people.
Shillong, November 02: After receiving a complaint from the residents of the area, the KSU EJHDU on 1st November 2023 has sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner District regarding the exploitation of vendors.
All this is said to be due to the misconduct of the employees of the bank.
For example, when reading over the internet, the BJP Manifesto reads clearly in relation to the 68-year-old struggle in Jammu and Kashmir, page
The way you expressed your gratitude to all those who fought against Coronavirus on Sunday, October 22, has now become an example for all countries.
When there was freedom in economic activities, this was somewhat achieved.
Shillong, Naitung 09: The election for the post of President of the Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association (JHAA) will be held on Monday, July 11, to take part in the presidential election.
The raid started from the jeep stand at Palton Bazar and ended at the market and it was found that foreigners have been staying in these quarters since last year.
The meeting was held today to demand that the government should build a single lane road from Nongstoin to Ranikor. roads and cleanliness without uranium.
He said that tourism is very popular and can provide employment opportunities.
The meeting will be held on the 12th June 2023 at 2 pm. The meeting will be led by the President of the party, Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit. He said that the party invites those who are concerned about this issue to come and participate. It will also be a support and encouragement to them. MLA of the party when they left on that day.
Shillong, March 29: U Ernest Mawrie State President of the BJP has strongly condemned the shooting of civilians during the FKJGP's march on Tuesday. spirit without map anymore.
The meeting between the two leaders was like a friendly meeting but many of the chairman said that there was a discussion on the political situation in Meghalaya.
It is the duty of the government to ensure that such incidents should not happen again in the coming years, said the MPHRC. .
The meeting was also attended by the Chief Secretary, Y Tsering, Pro-Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Shillong, Prof H Lamin, Secretary Health and Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya, Praveen Bakshi and others. state and central government officers.
On the other hand, Mawlai MLA PT Sawkmie demanded that the MHRC should take action against this tragic incident.
He urged the youth to avoid these evil habits which do not build the society and to come forward to serve the country and the nation in various fields.
As an organization that stands for the fundamental rights of the Hynniewtrep people, I am pleased to say that any of the issues faced by the people of Hynniewtrep cannot be resolved under the Constitution of India. They do not have the rights enshrined in the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples (UNDRIP).
This was in response to reports in the past few months that Dr Lapang MLA of Nongpoh will not contest, and there are other reports that he will continue to contest the MLA election. it will be held in early
Shillong, Naiwieng 03: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HANM) today held a protest at Jantar Mantar in Delhi to demand the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India. the Inner Line Permit and to resolve the border issue.
The rally in Shillong, Mawkhar, Ri Bhoi, Nongpoh, Jaintia Hills, Jowai and West Khasi Hills will be held in Nongstoin. public to escape from the bomb blast by the police.
, Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council, Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council and Garo Hills Autonomous District Council, which have been empowered under the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of the country.
The turnout in Shillong and Tura in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections was 63.28 per cent in Shillong and 79.14 per cent in Tura.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday met with the Vice Chancellor of NEHU Prof. Prabha Shankar Shukla to seek clarification regarding the implementation of the Four Years Undergraduate Program of the National Education Policy-2
Shillong, July 16: The employees of Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited under the banner of Mawmluh Cherra Cement Employees Union have called off a three-day strike at the company's office in Lachumier. MCCL Chairman Wailad Shylla.
Shillong, November 07: The Livestock Department of East Khasi Hills District today conducted a training for the public on how to raise livestock at Mawbynna, Kharang under Mawkynrew district. C&RD Block.
The EM in charge of Labor License, Bah Victor Ranee, said that the KHADC has not issued Labor License after the government has passed a law regarding this. .
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: The Secretary in charge of the Education Department of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Enlang Sawian on Tuesday said that the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) They cannot go to the Secretariat or announce anything else.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: MPCC President DD Lapang today met with AICC President Sonia Gandhi and Vice President Rahul Gandhi. The Congress candidate has been defeated in the last MP election from Tura.
D, Executive Director, Community Forestry International (USA), in the presence of Bah NK Lyngdoh, Lyngdoh, Mawphlang Hima, Bah HL Ryntathiang, Lyngdoh, Lyngiong Hima, Bah Tambor Lyngdoh, Project Director, Union of 10 Hima , and Dr BK Tiwari, Professor, Center for Environmental Studies, NEHU, on the evening of 13th September 2013, at Hotel Pinewood.
In terms of education, we are still lagging behind because at present there is not a single college.
However, those who rely on the party's policies, the party is ready to accept them but for those who just want to benefit or expect something from the party, it is difficult to accept them.
Tar Kpong means – Tear, but Tar Kpong to look at the signs of the tor according to the judgment of the judge, means in English Analysis.
Metbah also spoke on the development works and said, as it is, the development works in this constituency will continue for the benefit of the people.
The petition states that only 3672 villages have received roads, the number of roads in the state is only 10736.76 km and if taken per 100 kilometers, The number of roads is only 47.76 sq km.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The permission of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) to the forest owners to cut down trees from their forests according to the working plan has expired on 31st October this year. According to the Forest Department, about 5000 cubic meters of trees have been cut down.
“At the same time, we request you to invite all the members of the Kur especially those who have settled and have Nongrim in the city or surrounding areas to attend this meeting so that the purpose of the meeting will be fulfilled. “It's a good idea,” said Commander Shangpliang.
Not only the MDC scheme but also the MLA scheme has been requested by the MLAs in the state to know how they distribute the scheme to the people before the people leave. to elect the leaders which shall be held this year.
Prestone admitted that there are 32 MLAs who have supported the new government. He said the Prime Minister and Union Home Minister have been invited to attend the meeting. bam smile.
Prof.Dr.Neeraj Gupta, HOD, Dept.
All invitations have been issued via the internet through the portal.
Therefore, this article is on the basis of bringing clarity on the grievances of many political parties, civil society and private sector as this unfounded plan will affect the democracy of the country,” said the statement. u Bah Nongtraw.
West Jaintia Hills has been affected in Jowai and rural areas.
However, it has not been announced today which party will contest the MLA election.
Shillong, March 02: The Border Security Force (BSF) of India and the Border Guard of Bangladesh (BSF) have joined forces to close the border between the two armed forces. BGB), Bangladesh, today arrived in Shillong.
The Joint Secretaries are Ryngkat Lyndem, Sunshine Makri, Anvil Lyngdoh and Tirot Sing Suchiang, Finance Secretary Michael War, Markynsai Khongwit and Treasurer Beyondstar Kurbah.
On November 2, the winners will receive a cash prize of T.15,000 and the runners-up T.10,0
On this basis, the Seng Longkmie has implemented the demand for the 25th Silver Jubilee which has lasted for 10 years which ended today at the Mawiong Church named “Ka Maria The Mother of the Holy Rosary.
The protest was held at 6Mile GS Road, where they shouted that they want to get their money back.
The KSU members also admitted that there are two foreign workers who have started harassing Khasi women and the KSU in collaboration with the leaders has dismissed the two foreign workers. foreign workers and warned the foreign workers to do their job properly and not to insult Khasi women.
As a state, we must have laws to protect ourselves from foreigners so that our future will be bright.
It is to be recalled that at a meeting held at Ramkrishna Mission last year, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly confirmed that the Chief Minister had delivered a speech. that this demand for SEKH District will not be implemented in the current fiscal year.
The letter states that the existing PHC serves 5000 villages and the population of the PHC will not be less than 45000 people. the government also lacks staff.
Speaking to reporters, the Prime Minister said that all those who applied for permission to hold meetings and burn Mombati said that they would hold meetings in a peaceful manner and all the meetings were peaceful even on that day. Therefore, the spirit of the world has been destroyed by the light.
When bringing forward political ideas, both sides should work together to bring about the development of the country and the welfare of the people of the country.
Samla Teiskhem Kharmalki, Vice President Samla Habin Dohling, General Secretary Samla Baphonshanlang Kharmalki, Assistant General Secretary Elbistar Bairo, Chief Organizer Samla Kamailang Marboh and 43 other office bearers and EMs were confirmed as members. President of the State Youth Wing Thomas Passah in the presence of GS of the State Youth Wing Elias Susngi and other leaders of the party.
On the ILP protest, we want to meet face to face with the Union Home Minister to clarify the demand for ILP and they will wait for a reply until tomorrow morning whether he will meet or not.
Therefore, the children who don't have it have to run on foot. This shortage has affected the athletes especially the girls. There are about 5 or 7 children who fell on this day while running. they were all girls.
The protest was led by MPCC Working President James S. Lyngdoh, MPCC General Secretary Joplin Shylla and other office bearers of the MPCC. you party.
The Central Government yesterday ordered to use the fund under the SDRF for this purpose.
Now that we are celebrating the second anniversary of the PMMSY, fisheries in India have made progress.
Areas of focus include digital technologies (AI, AR, VR), digital creativity, digital citizenship and 4th industrial revolution skills like problem-solving, flexibility, empathy, dealing with failures and collaboration.
In its decision today, the court dismissed the PIL/5/2013 on the grounds that the complaint has no basis.
On the other hand, the Chairman of the Commission, Theilin Phanbuh, said that the reason is that the influence of Western dress has affected the traditional dress and the number of liquor shops in public places has been the reason.
In his speech, the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills Pravin Bakshi congratulated the teachers and parents because it is through them that these students have come forward in their studies. ask for help.
The family members of the deceased are kindly requested to collect the body from the Civil Hospital Shillong within three days if no one comes. Take his body within this period and the office will complete the necessary.
The scheme has a two-part contribution of T.30,000/- from the Central Government and T.1,30,000/- from the State Government.
The HPC has questioned why the government is in a hurry to do this because the Meghalaya High Court on 9th June 2021 has ordered to restore this site as it is the same as the The High Level Committee was established on 4 July
Shillong, June 20: The total number of confirmed cases of COVID-19 in Meghalaya has risen to 137, the Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War today said. Bhoi 9, South West Khasi Hills 1, West Garo Hills 4, West Jaintia Hills 7 and West Khasi Hills 4, the total number of cases is
There are 126 cases, 17 cases in hospitals, 10 cases in East Khasi Hills, 1 case in East Garo Hills, 1 case in North Garo Hills, 2 cases in West Garo Hills and 1 case in West Jaintia Hills. 2 people.
Shillong, November 21: The US Consulate Kolkatta has recruited 50 students from Guwahati and 25 students from Shillong to train them in English.
Speaking to reporters, George said the most important thing now is that the police department after lodging the complaint should issue an order to arrest those involved in the incident. shooting death of civilians in Mukroh.
The certificate issued by the ADTC on completion of the training (Form 5B) under sub-rule (iii) of Rule 31E of the CMVR, 1989 exempts anyone who has this certificate of driving test under the sub Rule (2) of Rule 15 of the CMVR,
In this school, the children were taught the Khasi culture, and not only to read, but also to spell and understand the book, “The Old Testament on the Khasi Culture” by Babu Radhon Singh Berry.
On his part, the Hima had the Syiem, the Pa'im P Syiemlieh and the ministers of the Hima.
These newly elected MDCs have not yet been able to serve as permanent MDCs because there is still a government announcement to be issued from the office of the Governor, after the Governor has issued the The announcement of the Government shall be taken in the House if the House is in session but it shall be at the discretion of the Governor.
Maligaon, November 29: The Indian Railways has been involved in improving transportation in the North East by implementing schemes to build railway lines with the aim of connecting their cities. The state has a railway line.
This was done as part of the solution to the problems of this night school in the village. It is worth mentioning that this night school was set up by the Seiñ Manbei of this village since 2009 as part of the Help children who are no longer able to continue their education especially those who are low income.
Shillong, November 21: After submitting a petition on 15th December 2020 to Bah Jambor War, Executive Member, I/C KHADC, the group of children of thousands of Mylliem Hima led by Bah John F Kharshiing, including several Village Authorities of Mylliem Hima and other Rangbah Shnong.
The Chairperson of the MSWC today summoned Tailin Lyngdoh as the complainant and Dr Nivedita Barthakur, the head of the Commission to take explanations from these two persons especially from Tailin. The Commission will not be able to take any decision after the Secretary of the Delhi Golf Club has appeared before the Commission.
““We express our regret that no one from the Government of Meghalaya, from the Prime Minister or so on has condemned the incident.
The Ministry of Women and Child Development (WCD) in collaboration with the Ministry of Home Affairs has held talks to set up a Mahila Police Volunteers in the States and Union Territories. The working methods shall be in the police and communities.
This was announced on 12th March 2022 with an allocation of T.6,600 thousand crore for the next four years from the fiscal year 2022-2023 to 20025-2026 by the 15th Finance Commission.
Regarding this road, the HNY will not accept it at all, said a statement sent by the HNY.
Captain Nongrum is a student of Don Bosco Technical School, Shillong and graduated from St Anthony's College in 1996 after passing the UPSC examination in the first attempt. and entered the army.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: Police in East Khasi Hills District today arrested five persons suspected of being involved in a riot in Ichamati on Thursday.
John F Kharshiing in his speech said that he joined the NPP party after he had examined the works of the party. The decision to implement the ILP in Meghalaya was supported by all the MLAs.
The remaining three constituencies in the KHADC were announced today. Lambor Malngiang from Nongkrem, Laitumkhrah-Malki from Neil Antonio War and Nongthymmai from Nongthymmai. and Bah Thaddues Mawrie.
The judges included Professor Fairy Ropmay, Professor Benjamin Lyngdoh and Professor Streamlet Dkhar.
Shillong, July 28: U Bah Pynsngianglang Syiem, Chairman of the Khasi National Dorbar Hall (KHADC) today convened a meeting of the Chiefs and Sirdars at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall Mawkhar. to consult on the Instrument of Accession (IOA) and the Annex Agreement (AA).
In the complaint, they said that they have not yet received the assistance from the scheme of the Prime Minister, but surprisingly they have received information that there is in their accounts which have been deposited by Some of them have deposited T.2,50,000/- and some have deposited T.1,50,000/- without the knowledge of the owners.
For the conduct of the MP election, the state has 79 companies of police forces to patrol the state.
“He also said that the party has a special quota for women to contest the elections.
Many sports activities were held at Umkhakoi area under the jurisdiction of Mawlongbna village, such as khwai, sword shooting and singing competition.
This is the first step for us and we will continue to monitor this until the initiative is successful.
During the meeting, the CEM said that the funds for this purpose have been available but the problem is that the KHADC has not yet been able to account for the funds received in the year 2015-2 excessive government delay in releasing funds.
Emphasizing this demand, Bah Passah said that the demand of the party to abolish the Personal Interview is to bring about a clean and transparent and impartial recruitment process in which the applicants should never seek the help of politicians to get the job they have applied for.
Those who travel on this road are suffering because the road is so bad that it cannot be called a National Highway.
Speaking at the meeting, the Rangbah Shnong of Bataw, Bah Skhem Sumer, the President of Bataw Youth Welfare SC, Bah Martin Lyngdoh and the Secretary of the Club, Bah Almigh Biam, congratulated the youth. Halen Nongtduba will continue to improve in the football tournament.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, he said he had sought clarification from the authorities to ask whether his wife could work on a contract basis.
Himalaya of the BJP has been promoted to Grade “A” in a statement signed by Pravin Bakshi, IAS Commissioner and Secretary, Education Department, Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: U Bah PN Syiem, CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), has immediately denied the allegation by Bah HS Shylla that he went to register with the Election Commission of India.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, he said that at this time, the only way to prevent the influx of foreigners into Meghalaya is the ILP. KHNAM supports the civil society groups demanding ILP in the state.
The Indian Institute of Management (IIT) Guwahati has recommended to the State Government to remove the cleaned paint on the Damsite Bridge and replace it with dewbilat.
She said many teachers talk about the Three-H formula for the smooth progress of children where the first H is the Heart, the second H is the Head. ' and the third H is 'Hand'
The Principal of the College, Dr. (Mrs.) Evakorlang Kharkongor encouraged the students to take the Library as a source of information.
The road from Umtyngar to Mawjrong is in poor condition. The Meghalaya government is proud of the visit of people to this area to see the beauty of the road. area.
“I am surprised to know how without full Gram Panchayats and through traditional village governance customs every member of the household in the villages in Meghalaya contributes to the implementation of the schemes of the Central and State Governments.
The President sent his condolences to the Governor of Meghalaya, Dr KK Paul. In his message, the President said, “I am deeply saddened to receive this. Thousands of people have been affected by the natural disaster in the state.
Adelbert said the complaint to the Lokayukta is to eradicate the corruption in Meghalaya and added that this money affects the budget of the people.
Shillong, Lber 13: The JSU has said that Mukroh village belongs to Assam. The Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma, has said that Mukroh village belongs to Assam.
During the investigation, the BSF said that the suspect confessed that he was a buyer of ammunition from Baghmara and at that time he was planning to buy ammunition from Baghmara. imported from Bangladesh.
Shillong, Naitung 03: Four villages on the border with Bangladesh in East Jaintia Hills District have refused to join Bangladesh due to the abandonment. The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) has expressed its deep sorrow to hear this news.
Let us forget the sense of belonging but let us first accept that we are one nation.
During the testing period, people in Meghalaya may receive simulated emergency alerts on their mobile devices.
Shillong, March 12: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has met with the Minister in charge of Forest and Environment, James K Sangma to demand the government to set up an Expert Committee. " to check the radiation in the Domiasait area.
Also present on the occasion were the Minister in charge of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, officials of the Ministry of Tourism and those who received the assistance.
“We have decided to work together to improve the welfare of the farmers,” he said.
Rapture received funding from the Hubert Bals Fund in
Speaking to reporters after the CLP meeting, he said that it has been decided to strengthen the party in all the constituencies where 12 MLAs have fled and there will be no more talk of calling the party. enough of them at the party.
Samla Rangbah, former Leader of the KSU and Chairman of the North East Students Organization, Bah Samuel B Jyrwa was invited as the Chief Guest and Bah Wailadmiki Shylla as the Symbud Chief Guest. .
The Seng expresses its support to the groups of churches as well as various religious groups such as KJCLF and SAFF who have come forward to express their opposition and demand that the abolition of the Law.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Member of the NITI Ayog Dr. VK Paul said that the objectives of the NITI Ayog are twofold, 1) to promote cooperative federalism and 2) to promote competitive federalism. federalism.
Congratulating these youths who have completed this special training, the Chief Minister said that this special police force is now ready to provide service to the state and the training. they get less work than other commandos that the world trains.
Police have arrested Eric from his residence in Nongthymmai and the reason for the arrest of this leader of KSU Nongthymmai Circle is on the issue of Work Permit of foreign workers working in the KSU. area Newcomer.
Shillong, Naitung 29: Police of Mawlai Police Station today recovered the body of a young woman who went missing from her home in Umian Lake this morning.
“Now, with courage, we have built new roads, bridges, railways and airports in the border areas.
There are 2232 cases in the state, 159 cases in hospitals, 128 cases in East Khasi Hills, 4 cases in Ri Bhoi, 1 case in South Garo Hills. West Garo Hills 15, West Jaintia Hills 11 cases.
The spread of false news on social media by people who want to disrupt the peace and order, has caused unrest in the society and has misled even the law enforcement agencies to arrest even those who are guilty. -him.
Thabah said that the loss of the Hima is due to mistakes in the years since it was handed over and he said that until now there are about 58 villages in the Hima. the Hima of Mawtyngur.
Sanjay, Medical Officer (AYUR), from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Assam.
If this is the case, it shows that all sordarships are government land.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Union Minister in charge of Ports, Shipping & Waterways and Ayush, Sarbananda Sonowal today launched various projects to improve the workforce at the North Eastern Institute of Ayurveda and Homeopathy (NEIAH). at the campus of Mawdiangdiang in the city today.
The Government has allocated T.98 crore for the construction of this road and the construction of this road is higher than the previous one and the Government has set a target to complete this road within 36 months from they didn't start working on it.
Donal Thabah said that the party does not intend to forget this Kyrsiew Ri but in the coming years the party will hold other larger programmes.
Shillong, Naitung 31: The residents of Nongjri area in South West Khasi Hills District, have asked the PWD department why the road has turned yellow after being cleaned by the contractor.
Shillong, March 30: The Director of Health Services (DHS) today said that 79 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in West Garo Hills, 24 in East Khasi Hills and 23 in Ri Bhoi. The total number of cases in West Jaintia Hills, 1 in East Garo Hills, 1 in East Jaintia Hills and 1 in West Khasi Hills.
New Delhi, June 17: The Union Minister of State for Urban Affairs, M.Venkaiah Naidu, tomorrow will meet with the Ministers of Urban Affairs of the North East. in Guwahati.
At this meeting he said that the Government of India has decided to fight against this disease and by 2030 this disease should disappear.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The election session for the two Legislative Assemblies of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has ended today at 3 pm. Political parties have held mass rallies to express their supporters.
Shillong, Nailar 08: The Regional Committee for the Demarcation of West Khasi Hills District today met at Amingoan in Kmarup District of Assam.
In memory of Phan Nonglait, the freedom fighter and hero of the Hima Nongkhlaw, the Lyngdoh Kur Nonglait on Tuesday commemorated the 173rd death anniversary of Phan Nonglait by visiting the and held a short meeting in the ground floor of her residence in Nongrmai.
“The President was also briefed on the capabilities of the Indian Air Force (IAF).
N.Syiem, Chairman of the Party, said that the Motor Bike Rally will be held for four days from 30th July to 2nd June 2018. The party has nominated candidates to campaign for the elections and to explain to the voters about the principles, goals and objectives that the PDF has to bring to the people in
Shillong, November 03: The 1st Managing Committee of the NEAKO on Tuesday held a two minute silence at the Conference Hall, Assam Olympic Association Guwahati. Gurcharan Singh Vice President National Kickboxing Federation of India (NKFI).
For more information please call 9774010337 or
On the other hand, the RPF has conducted thorough checks on the parking lots of people at the railway stations.
The blocks sought by the Exploration License holder can be auctioned for mining lease and this will bring better income to the State Governments.
“We are still waiting for the exact information as at present the only information we have is the date, time and place where she (Sr.
This human rights violation should be reported to the United Nations and involves the heads of state of India from the central government to the state government and these will be heard by the international court.
Speaking to reporters, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bahut Rymbui, said that those youths who have not been examined are those who have been inside the banned areas or who have been in contact with those who have the disease. COVID-19 disease.
Latest reports close to the tourism department of the state government said that the purpose of this Bill is to protect tourists from any fraud and at the same time to curb the managers of the inns that they cannot do whatever they want to the people who come to stay.
In another decision regarding the Traditional Chiefs, the EC today decided to set up a Council of Traditional Chiefs and Headman, according to the Sixth Schedule.
The election of Bah Midnight as Minister from the Kharlukhi clan came after the death of Bah Phrangsngi Kharlukhi.
Suchen was not involved in the IED blasts according to the police.
In a public statement, the policeman said that he had already bought 90,000/-.
KSU Tyrsad together with the school children of Tyrsad village have conducted a cleanliness drive in the garbage dump in Tyrsad village.
It was difficult to print the ration cards and when they were sent back to distribute them, it was found that those people had left their homes.
Shillong, July 08: The BJP has strongly condemned the petrol bomb attack on its office at Bivar Road Shillong.
The contest was held at the Tivoli Garden Resorts, Chhatarpur which started on 16th November and ended this month in the presence of celebrities like Ginny Kapoor and Gagandeep Kapoor. Director.
Natasha Manners from Meghalaya, in a meeting with the Minister, expressed her gratitude to the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi and said she looks forward to more opportunities and assistance for the region from the Minister. Central Government in future.
When SP News Agency called the Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District, his mobile phone was locked. When we tried to talk to him, he answered the phone but said he was driving. has not yet been reported.
From this meeting between KJBWA and the CEM of KHADC, it is understood that the KHADC will meet tomorrow morning to take a decision to set up this cow market.
In Shillong, the Prime Minister will attend the Golden Jubilee celebrations of the North Eastern Council.
They also proposed two sites, one at Mawsiatkhnam and one at Mawtawar. The Director of C&RD, IR Sangma, was ready to provide the site. HYC Leader Bah Kharlyngdoh said that out of the two places she has already inspected, she has said that the land in Mawtawar is sufficient. I would like to ask the government, whether your announcement in the Budget Session last year to set up a C&RD Block, whether this MUA-II government when bringing about development in the state The HYC leader said that the first question is to give development only to the areas where there are Congress MLAs. The second question is that the HYC should not do politics on this issue. The C&RD Block should be built and opened immediately as they have done in other places. They are surprised that out of the four C&RD Block have already been opened while the Mawlai C&RD Block has been opened.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The Khasi Authors' Society will hold its General Assembly on Tuesday, 3rd June, 2022 at Synod College, Shillong from 11 am.
The union would like to extend its special thanks to all these residents who have come forward to take part in this test as a sign of working together to prevent the spread of this disease.
This was announced by the BJP Secretary Jagat Prakash Nadda.
The HYC suggests that before issuing NOC to non-residents, the Dorbar Shnongs should be consulted for their opinion on this issue.
The Chief Justice of the High Court of Meghalaya, Mr Justice Biswanath Somadder and his wife attended the ceremony in the presence of the chiefs of the Khyriem Hima.
Shillong, Jymmang 7: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 10 new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in the state. there are four people.
According to the daily water consumption of Shillong, the water consumption of Shillong is 10.69 MGE, while the current capacity is 9.2 MGE. This water supply cannot be met.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: The Garo Hills State Movement Committee (GHSMC) today held a rally in Tura with thousands of people, men and women. They attended the rally at Tura, the capital of West Garo Hills District.
The number of cases is 87 in East Khasi Hills, 3 in West Khasi Hills, 23 in Ri Bhoi, 21 in West Jaintia Hills and 1 in West Garo Hills.
On this occasion, BSF troops from 97 Bn have taken the students of Holy Cross School Umkiang village to Kolkatta as a study tour.
At present, the people of Laitkroh MDC Constituency are strongly opposed to the abolition of the existing constituency, while the people of Ri Bhoi want to have the Umsning MDC constituency.
In the petition, the KSU urged the government to set up a Help Line in the city for the employment of the people of the state.
The VPP has also sent copies of the complaint to the Cyber ​​Crime Branch Office, Secretariat Hills Shillong, the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of the state and the Commissioner and Secretary of the Election Department.
Shillong, Nailur 28: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District today under the leadership of Samla Forwardman Nongrem and Samla Shemphang Nonglang Vice President of the KSU South West Khasi Hills District today met with the Deputy Commissioner of KSU South West Khasi Hills District. .
Shillong, Jymmang 31: The Ri Bhoi Youth Organization (RBYO) led by its President Bah Baiateilang Lapang and Secretary Bah Kronding Nongbsab has expressed its dissatisfaction with the 4 hour light outage from 6 pm to 9 pm. that's Ri Bhoi.
Eldie said the existence of the AFSPA has empowered the army to act at will and this has led to the shooting deaths of civilians in Mon District.
There are 2005 cases in the state, 144 cases in hospitals, 116 cases in East Khasi Hills, 2 cases in Eastern West Khasi Hills and 2 cases in North. Garo Hills 1, Ri Bhoi 2, South Garo Hills 1, West Garo Hills 10, West Jaintia Hills 10 cases.
Dr Lapang said that for the three constituencies of Nongkrem, Nongthymmai and Laitumkhrah Malki, no decision has been taken on who will be given the ticket as there are still some issues that need to be clarified.
Dawki Police said that the father of the victim has been remanded in judicial custody today.
The Forum expressed its gratitude to Bah Pala for speaking not only for his own interest but also for the people of the state where tens of thousands of people have been affected. from the coal mining ban.
A total of 96567 people have tested positive for COVID-19, 96882 have recovered and 1619 have died so far in the state.
He said that the lack of resources and financial support has affected the region despite the fact that it has many opportunities.
The Government has also taken steps to relieve the traffic jam in Jowai and Tura.
The purpose of the training is to teach the people how to produce fertilizer from the soil without the use of chemicals, said Dr. Carl Rangad. The use of pesticides affects the soil.
When asked, Passah said the CEM has promised to take up the matter with the Executive Committee and the Deputy Chief Minister in charge of the AD Rules. .
Leaders of various political parties who took part in the rally included NPP Leader Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of State, Congress Legislative Party (CLP) Leader. Ronnie V. Lyngdoh, Leader of the Opposition, State President of the All India Trinamool Congress, Charles Pyngrope, MLA from Nongthymmai Constituency, BJP MLA from South Shillong Constituency, Sanbor Shullai, State President of the All India Trinamool Congress, Sanbor Shullai. Voice of Peoples Party (VPP) North Shillong MLA Adelbert Nongrum, Minister of State Alexander L. Hek, Jirang MLA Sosthenes Sohtun, Mawhati MLA Charles Marngar and MLA of Sutnga-Saipung Constituency, Santa Mary Shylla.
He said that such incidents happen and this is for the better. He said that in the future there will be a collaboration with the Minister of Urban Affairs to talk about development projects within the city. the village of Mawlai.
He said that the third phase of the tournament will have a great impact on the youth of the North East, who will be able to witness the games according to international standards.
In Meghalaya too, people have gone to banks to deposit their money in 1000 tyngka and 500 tyngka notes to avoid losing their money. thep shibun according to your number.
Ltd, Kolkata, West Bengal' to many C&RD Block in the State and the distribution should be stopped immediately.
KHNAM believes that if the KHADC does something, they hope that the CEM's initiative will benefit the council and prevent the exploiters.
The punishment shall be in accordance with the rules approved by the Government.
NGT ban on coal mining in Meghalaya In 2014, the NGT ordered to ban coal mining in the state.
He said that if the Internet is to become a salonsar, it must have a connection with the technology and culture of the region.
He said that the detailed counting will be received tonight. He said that the counting has not been completed yet because until the end of the polling period there are still polling stations where people have voted. Shillong (ST) Parliamentary Constituency.
Marmar seized the drugs worth Rs 2.59 crore.
The MSCSO encourages SBS Sec.School, Wapung to continue to improve in all aspects for the future of the students of the area”.
Himalaya is a former MLA of Mawsynram and the BJP has sent its approval to the government to appoint him as a retired IAS. he will be able to contribute to the education department which has the most work in the present case.
Shillong, July 02: The East Khasi Hills Local Taxi Welfare Association (EKHLTWA) today vowed to file a petition in the Meghalaya High Court against the order of the Deputy Commissioner (DC). ) of East Khasi Hills.
Another decision taken by the Cabinet today was to appoint a full secretary to the Meghalaya State Council for Technical Education for the existing and four new polytechnics in Shillong, Tura and Jowai. The Additional Director of DHTE, A. Ali, will be the full-time secretary for 24 months.
In a letter sent by Bah Sanbor MLA to Bah Ernest, he said that in these days, we have seen almost every day statements from the BJP party against the government and this has led to the the lack of satisfaction in the minds of the people.
On this day, we take this opportunity to remember their selflessness and express our deep gratitude for their dedication and courage.
In the ejahar, the NHPF said that a man identified as Rajib from Assam through Facebook had offered a lot of money to the people of the state to exchange real and counterfeit money.
He said that in the meeting with the Director Education Researcher and Training, it was clear that the NOIS authorities have not issued a written notice to release the results this month. shu ong only with the word.
“In the 72 years of the Asian Games, our athletes have achieved many records and set new Asian records.
The Cabinet has directed to prepare and bring it back to the Cabinet before accepting the amendments.
He said that those who allege that the Congress is a corrupt party are wrong because it is the Congress which has given the right to information to the people through the Right to Information (RTI) Act , has arrested and arrested several longheh who have been accused of wrongdoing under the RTI Act passed by the Congress in 2005 through the RTI Act. Meghalaya has received more than 400 crore rupees this year for MGNREGS scheme. He said that about 150 million poor people have received assistance. Other speakers who attended the meeting were Bah G Sten, President, WJHD Congress Committee, Bah Winning G Sungoh, MDC, Mokaiaw, Bah Rio Sten, Bah Rio Sten, MDC, Borato, Bah The meeting was conducted by Bah B Dkhar, Rangbah Shnong, Raliang.
On the problems faced by the GNLA members, he said the government has done its utmost to resolve them, but this is not only in the state government. the central government.
He urged all the political parties, people and leaders of West Khasi Hills to stand against the government's plan to build a camp for the ANVC-B. (SP News).
The Sordars of Mawpun-Tiehjyrsieh-New Nongstoin, Bah S Rashi, Child Development and Protection Officer, Shillong, July 04: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District today informed the public that the District authorities have taken over the decision to suspend the enforcement of Section 144 CrPC for the celebration of the 25th Anniversary of the District which will start tomorrow.
Shillong, June 28: The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, MS Rao today announced that the salary for the month of June will be paid in the month of June and the salary for the month of June will be paid in the month of July. The salaries of the Chief Minister, Ministers and IAS, IPS and IFS will be withheld by 50% for these two months.
The decision of the state government has been sent to the central government but it has been almost a year since the central government has done anything on this. central to the decision of the state legislature which passed the decision.
The new EC will also look into the clan bill as the bill was not sent by the old EC and is still under the review of the government.
COMSO will oppose the implementation of the CAA and will ensure that no Khar Bangladeshi has illegally entered India through the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) in Meghalaya.
The first Farmers' Dorbar was organized by the Ministry of Agriculture in collaboration with the Meghalaya Basin Development Agency. and the Hill Farmers' Union.
The meeting was chaired by Paiem Freeman, Syiem of Sohra Hima.
The revenue from the tax authorities will be T.747/- crore.
At the same time, the Chief Minister said that there are many laws to protect against illegal activities but many people still commit illegal activities. but there are those who kill and the law has no way to punish those who do wrong.
This was announced by KSU JHDU Publicity Secretary Kwilnis Suchiang.
On the other hand, Bah Prestone Symbut, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, said, “I would like to express my special thanks to those youths who have expressed their willingness not to return home because they understand the problems facing the state. will meet and also the family".
To take responsibility to do what is necessary is not only to refuse to say “you don't have the authority according to the provisions of the Sixth Schedule” but to say and answer “if you have the authority we will do it”. The Adviser and Spokesperson, FKS has been authorized to arrange the meeting according to the time constraints of the Chief Minister.
The question is whether the DC of South West Khasi Hills District is strong or whether the decisions of the KHADC and the Government on uranium are strong. The KSU said whether there is any understanding between the DC and UCIL or AMD, and also to ignore the decisions of the District Council and the Government. .
Perhaps it will be one of the most famous tourist destinations in the state or even in India.
On the allegation that the EC does not have a majority, the CEM said that until now it is not known who entered and who left. their side is sero, how can they claim to have 17 cases.
The Freedom Run started from Fire Brigade Station, Shillong this morning and ended at Malki Square.
The Minister expressed his gratitude to the KSU for erecting the statue of Kiang Nangbah, Tirot Sing Syiem, Soso Tham and Bull N Lyngdoh. They said that the body is not in the KSU but the soul is with the KSU. u Kiang Nognbah said that the spirit of selfishness does not enter the members of the community as it did by Kiang Nognbah.
Many land plots worth more than T.110 crore have been found.
On the other hand, East Khasi Hills won the gold medal in the 81 kg category through Edegar Benneth Jana with 140 points.
Finally, the Seng requests the government of Dr. Mukul Sangma to take action on this demand so that it will not cause problems to the people of the area especially to the households in the future.
The Seng has also warned these banks not to fight against or count dew thala on the special days of Christians.
Police said that no casualties or damage to property were reported in the incident.
On the allegation of failure of the MLA, Bah Kitborlang Nongrem said that the people of Ranikor Constituency know better, that is why they have elected him for five terms at the same time. He called on Bah GG Bung, one of the leaders of the area, to contest the mid-term elections if he understands that he is stronger than others.
“I have decided to take this step to join politics by contesting the MP election on one basis and that is to see that Meghalaya especially East Khasi Hills, West Khasi Hills, South West Khasi Hills, Eastern West Khasi Hills, East Jaintia Hills, East Jaintia Hills and Ri-Bhoi districts will improve in terms of development in all aspects.
Furthermore, the union has suggested to the District authorities to provide adequate space so that the shopkeepers can sell and buy and avoid any problems with the law enforcement authorities and at the same time to follow the rules. to prevent the spread of COVID-1
These teachers who have completed their examination in the Diploma in Elementary Education have completed their examination in the year 2013-2014 and the results are being released this year. The mistake is that the teachers are against it.
If they refuse, it means that those Land Holding Certificates (LHC) and Pata Hali held by the residents of Lapangap and Khanduli don't have any rights in JHADC. Why do you want us to leave the border towns? In fact, as MDCs who have the authority to make laws to enforce laws to protect land and land, they should be surprised why they don't want to appear even once in these areas.
He handed over his resignation letter to the Speaker of the House at the office of Speaker AT Mondal.
The names of the GNLA cadres who came to surrender are as follows.
However, the Government of Meghalaya has created the Khanduli and Psiar Sectors in the Regional Committee of West Jaintia Hills and decided to visit and resolve the boundary between Khanduli and Psiar Sector. Block-1 will be resolved later,” said the Forum.
The children of the Hima Mylliem demand that there should be no clarification from the Dorbar of the Syiem of the Hima Mylliem, on the manner of giving land to non-Khasis in the Hima Mylliem.
Shillong, July 21: U Bah Teinwell Dkhar, Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), on Tuesday said that he has received information that the Governor has withdrawn the Clan Bill, 2018 with reasons.
The joining of Bah Diverland and the people to the NPP shows that they have confidence in the leadership of party president Conrad K Sangma, because as it is now under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma, the state will It has not increased in any way despite the fact that the state has many kinds of resources.
On the other hand, the party sends its best wishes to the entire Dorbar for their full service until the end of their term.
Many people who have received training from FTTI like Payal Kapadia, Maisam Ali, Santosh Sivan, Chidanand S Naik and his team have been praised at Cannes this year.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: Unidentified robbers today stabbed a man from Shella area with knives while he was on his way to Pyrkan.
Bah Nongsiang said that the intention of the teachers to discuss many issues related to how to strengthen education such as education policy, textbooks, etc. has not come true because only this one issue. The Minister did not understand the situation and apparently the Minister did not understand the situation of the education department.
Other Union Ministers whom Hek met were Rajiv Ranjan Singh, Minister of Animal Husbandry, Panchayati Raj and Fisheries. Parliamentary Affairs and low paid.
He said that there are those who say that Hynniewtrep does not have a license.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare on the 8th of this month has approved the construction of a Health Sub-Centre at Jyllep and Mawhiang villages under Mawsynram C&RD Block.
Mominin had won the MLA election from the National People's Party (NPP) but after the NPP decided to withdraw his ticket and give it to Abu Taher Mandal, he had to leave. Three MLAs who have resigned from the NPP, Ferlin CA Sangma from Selsella and Benedic R Marak have now joined the BJP. Meanwhile, Mominin may join the TMC, reports said.
Referring to the tribals, he said that in India, there are only 10.3 crore tribals, which is only 8.6% of the population of Schedule Tribes and 6.6% of the low paid. and it is good that this special allocation in Parliament and State Assemblies will continue for another 10 years.
Amitabh Bachchan read a poem from his film “Pink” in the presence of the SCC who sang Khasi songs. The European Concert Orchestra was also performed by European orchestras.
Shillong, Nailur 14: A 14-year-old girl has been raped by a man named Iengskhem Pariong in Khyrin village of West Khasi Hills District.
Regarding the Triple Talaq which has been a major discrimination among Muslim women, the Prime Minister assured Muslim women that he will fight for their rights.
Speaking to reporters, Prestone said the Meghalaya government has already talked to the Assam government to issue TPs from the states where they go to buy cows. and soon they will be giving out TP to the merchants.
The BSF said that these weapons were brought from Bangladesh to deliver to the insurgents in Meghalaya. (SP News).
It is learned that immediately after the break, the school informed the government and the government has invited applications and it is understood that the invitation for information has been held but the MP election has come. The school is expecting that after the MP election 2024 they will get a mathematics teacher. At present, they have sent assistance to other mathematics teachers but it will not be enough as there is a teacher who is right. .
After discussions, the doctors who are currently on strike have decided to cancel their strike from today, according to a statement sent by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare. health of the state.
The DC called the meeting with the Defense State Office on the complaint of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) to the Government regarding the presence of illegal immigrants in Lum Survey outside Iewmawlong.
However, this morning at 4.00 pm, the police officer found that Rudra Rabha had thrown himself into the prison cell and had thrown himself into the jail cell. tar piece from the blanket inside the storage compartment.
All these are only answers to delay what needs to be done.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, said that after the meeting, there were many people from Manipur who came to take refuge in Madanrynting.
This is because there is no hope that we will be able to produce stars if we can provide training.
The party also condemns the MLAs of the area who are silent without saying anything to protect the people or to demand the rights of the people as they talk during the election campaign to join the people if they attacked against their rights.
He further said that the students and the youth have a great role in this campaign and said, “Youth when they take up a movement it can be very powerful.
This march of the father of the nation in 1930 which was known as the “Dandi March” 91 years ago was to fight against the British rule of India.
Dr Mukul said the law will do what is necessary. He said that in democracy there are three parts which have their own powers, the Legislative Assembly, the Government and the the court in which these three work in their own right cannot interfere with each other.
“The speed of work in government departments has increased due to the initiatives of our Karmayogis,” he said.
Speaking to reporters, the Secretary of the group, Bah John Thabah, said that during the meeting, they discussed and explained that Pynursla and Mawsynram should not come to the new district without knowing it.
Shillong, March 08: U Bah John Kharshiing today sent a letter to the CEM of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem to request him to convene a dorbar of the Hima Mylliem to save the Ri Khasi.
There are 14 recoveries, 60 cases still in critical condition, 17 cases in East Khasi Hills, 12 cases in East Khasi Hills, 12 cases in Ri. Bhoi 1, South West Khasi Hills 2, West Garo Hills 2 cases.
We are at a critical juncture now, let us not allow falsehoods to destroy these goals.
“I have to work hard and I have to help the people so that I can get the trust of the people because the decision is up to the people,” said Bah Pynthymmai.
In this match, Lamin beat Pyrdiwah by a tiebreaker.
Three NGOs will receive Rs.5 crore for their four-year projects in the fields of Health, Education and Environment.
We have to come up with such a system.
For this reason, the DC has issued an order ban ban all such activities and has enforced Section 144 CrPC. mih this law.
Other Ministers who met included the Assistant Minister of State for Home Affairs, Dohkha, Rajiv Ranjan Singh, also known as Lalan Singh, the Minister of State for Home Affairs. Jayant Chaudhary and Assistant Minister for Rural Development Kamlesh Paswan.
Meanwhile, the HNLC said it has already sent to the state government to appoint a ksiang for the peace talks.
After the meeting with these thinkers, the party will meet again to take a decision on how to proceed with the protests to force the central government to understand the need for The ILP is in the state of Meghalaya.
The Government has declared a public holiday on 10th June 2017 due to the Shad Suk Mynsiem which will end on that day.
The position of the government has been clear in that the Minister of Home Affairs has already said in the House that no matter which party he belongs to, the law will do what is necessary and if the evidence is The right people will do what they have to do and the police will do what they have to do.
The demand for the temporary dismissal of the police involved in the shooting death of Bah Cheris is to ensure that such an incident will not happen again in the future. Furthermore, this demand was held in Shillong.
On the other hand, the MP of Tura also spoke to the management of the hospital about the problems they are facing and promised to talk to the relevant authorities. the challenges they face in achieving the vision of this hospital.
Speaking as the chief guest, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh said that the development of women is as it is now and all groups have worked together to achieve the rights of women.
Regarding the economic development, the Governor said that the state has improved in many areas, but the employment opportunities of the people still have many shortcomings in many areas. sides.
Shillong, Naitung 09: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has received information that there have been many calls from the residents of Lawsohtun to the police.
Jowai, Nailar 12: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) will hold an election for the election of office bearers on the 16th of this month at its headquarters in Newhill, Jowai.
Speaking in the House, the CEM said that the BEFR, 1873 has been included in the BEFR, 1952 and the KHADC has already taken a decision to urge the BEFR, Governor of the State to implement the BEFR
Those who have come from these places if they have any illness should wear masks and avoid contact with others.
The Government has made it clear that the fertilizer is very expensive at the market price and as it is now it is very expensive and this has put pressure on the farmers of the state to overcome this challenge. The state has accepted the decision not to help with the shiteng price.
The preparation of the NRC has been done in a clean and transparent manner.
At this meeting, it was announced that the preparations to build a Tribal Research Institute in Garo Hills are underway and this is the wish of Purno A Sangma's father that this will be a place to preserve the culture and traditions. of the indigenous people and through this it can assist the government in formulating policies, said Cornad.
The rally was inaugurated by Bah Vivek Syiem, MPS, Superintendent of Police, Shillong.
There are 179 recoveries today, 2 from East Garo Hills, 8 from East Jaintia Hills, 123 from East Khasi Hills, 10 from Ri Bhoi, 4 from South Garo Hills, 3 from West Garo Hills. Jaintia Hills 23 The total number of recoveries has risen to
The Minister in charge of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, who introduced the St. Xavier's University Shillong Bill, 2020, said that the Bill has not been discussed with the House. The Dorbar has passed the bill to establish a school in Meghalaya.
On the other hand, Bah HM Shangpliang, one of the members of the committee, said that one of the problems in helping women who have been involved in prostitution is due to the lack of treatment centre.
Shylla also alleged that Ardent started from his own house to take jaid from his father which is against the Khasi Linage Act.
In the meeting with the Minister, she said that the matter regarding these teachers is now in the hands of the Prime Minister to take a decision on how to act. What I can do on my part is to talk to the Prime Minister.
At the public meeting held today at Subada, it was agreed that in the future, if there is any dispute in the area, both sides should be informed by the Assam side. thou shalt not do according to the flesh, as in the days of old.
The CEO of Meghalaya has already explained that posters in government offices should be removed within 24 hours, in public places within 48 hours and from private places should be removed within 24 hours. within 72 hours.
The office after sending these notices in collaboration with the Forest Department of the State Government which issued the Mining Lease, has warned that if they continue to mine after receiving the The office will have to register a case against them.
When that happened, he did not answer or speak directly.
The Chief Minister urged the officers within the Block to take action as the benefit is for the people of the area.
In a meeting with these two JHADC leaders, they said that the Council through the Trading License Department has people in charge of this area including from the rank of inspector and others.
The Seng Khasi Community holds the belief of “One Truth, Many Ways," emphasizing diverse perspectives.
This Zone V Mothers' Tournament which has been held in conjunction with the mercy of God around the world is more special than all the Mothers' Tournaments that have been held in the past. Father Festus Shadap, Priests from four parishes, office bearers of the synjuk.
The Assam Government complained that it has been severely criticized over time by the people and the State Governments of Nagaland and Mizoram; However, the people of Khasi and Jaintia Hills have been shocked because the state government has not been willing to support the Assam government as in Nagaland and Mizoram.
The District Administration has imposed a curfew under Section 144 CrPC from today until further notice.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Lukas M Shylla, Rangbah Shnong.
Two policemen were injured in the protest and many civilians were injured in the incident on Friday morning.
Members of the organization who took part in this relief campaign by riding bikes to Nongstoin are from all over the Khasi Hills.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: People from Meghalaya and Assam today held a public meeting at Kyrshai Square in West Khasi Hills District to protest against the Kulsi Hydro Project which flows through the Brahmaputra. Board.
They show a selfless spirit to help their brothers.
Before the implementation of the Rozgar Mela, the officers in charge of the office were empowered to appoint small jobs such as cleaners and planters. you are also appointed to Delhi.
The next meeting will be held in June this year,
Shillong, July 13: The Chief Minister's Deputy Prestone Tynsong today said that the light outage is due to the lack of power plants in Tripura and Kupli.
The stipend for those who train will be paid according to the government rate.
This is the wisdom of our scientists.
The Prime Minister urged the people not to worry too much, but to take care of themselves, by doing so we can protect ourselves. put on a ventilator to save your life.
Economic development, such as health, roads, electricity, water supply, education, agriculture, agriculture and others are the rights and responsibilities of the citizens. local village and the State.
However, he urged the members of the party to be ready to stand up if the demands of the party are not met.
The Seng also urges the relevant authorities to take action to prevent the entry and exit of such people into the Bri u Hynniewtrep because we don't know how these people will come and maybe they will turn into a place of peace and harm. evil deeds in our villages and townships.
The Prime Minister said that it is on this issue that the government still has to look into this issue, because age should not affect the youth even if they are employed and at the same time it should not affect the youth. The government is still considering the demand for the extension of the age limit.
This step is to cater to the increasing influx of tourists to the state who want to get better services, more comfortable travel when they travel to tourist destinations.
Members of the KSU carried placards and slogans to express their grief especially over the killing of one of the elders of Nongtung Riad area, Bah Tyngshain Mukhin and demanded that he should be punished. get a fair trial.
On the other hand, the police who have been in charge of the area have been doing their job but due to the lack of police they have not been able to investigate the crime.
The SDO of Mairang Civil Sub Division has declared these two villages as containment areas as part of the efforts to curb the spread of COVID-1
Shillong, Naitung 02: The MLA of Shillong South Constituency, Bah Sanbor Shullai, has laid the foundation stone for the construction of a road inside the Kynjat Phutbol Village Council at Raid Laban.
Shillong, Nailur 16: U Conrad K. Sangma MP of Tura today attended the Northeast Student and Youth Summit held at the Indira Gandhi National Centre.
When I saw and saw with my own eyes that I had to buy drinking water from other places.
He urged the public not to have any fear and to cooperate with the staff of various banks in the district.
This map has been compared with the O/A of Revenue Branch GDC Tura.
According to the Meghalaya Epidemic Diseases, COVID-19 Regulations, 2020, to prevent the spread of the disease, the DC has ordered the temporary closure of four shops until further notice.
“If the Government does not pay within the month of April, we have decided to suspend the lunch break in schools,” said Kong Syiemlieh.
In this regard, the BSF has lodged a complaint against the arrested persons at Ranikor Police Station.
The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Kong RM Kurbah, said that she has received information from the MLA of this area regarding the floods and the death toll due to the landslide. soil.
In this request, the Ministry of Home Affairs has requested T.18,24,55,511/- crore from the House.
In this regard, it is also expected that the states will provide computerized estimates of their sugarcane production as well as the requirement of rice.
The districts which have tested positive for COVID-19 today are 1 case from East Garo Hills, 66 cases from East Garo Hills, 2 cases from West Garo Hills and 2 cases from West Khasi Hills. -19 positive.
If you notice rain, cold, wind, thunder and lightning, stay indoors for at least 30 minutes.
The Sub Center will include three villages namely Sarin, Nongpdengkynbah and Nongkynbah with a population of about 2000 people.
Regarding this request, the government has urged those youths to inform in writing only to get back the equipment and the sorar as promised by the prime minister does not want to know who but wants to get back. only the guns.
Speaking to media after the meeting, he said that the meeting will meet again on the 13th of this month to discuss more details on this issue.
Shillong, November 28: The Congress party in Meghalaya has protested against the decision of the NDA government led by Narendra Modi to abolish the T.500 and T. The protest was led by the president of the party, Bah DD Lapang.
This examination is for Tier 1 & 2 examination.
The District Administration of Ri Bhoi District has received information that the three persons arrested by the Assam Police have been released on bail today. You don't have to receive any information.
Shillong, July 7: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District today enforced Section 144 CrPC, which prohibits the gathering of more than three persons in one place, or to carry any weapons, such as petrol, wood, diesel or any weapons and to prevent people from walking up and down with suspicion.
The Red House won the title of the Annual Sport Meet of Langtor HSS.
Shillong, March 28: The Director of Health Services (DHS) today said that 90 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 55 in West Garo Hills and 6 in West Jaintia Hills. There are 1364 cases in Hills, 4 in Ri Bhoi, 1 in North Garo Hills and 1 in South West Garo Hills.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: The decision of the Narendra Modi government to withdraw the old 500 and 1000 rupee notes has affected the budget of the GNLA, in which three members of the group have been killed. They came to surrender before the police in Williamnagar today.
He said that the union has received information that some bookstores have increased the prices too much and at the same time the union urges the private schools to find ways and means. how to reduce the number of school fees of children, this applies to colleges as well.
He also explained to the public, especially to the parents, that the age limit for the participants in the race is 16 years, 17 years and above while those who are younger cannot take part. part in the races.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy, who is also the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, on Tuesday said that since 1989, ethnic parties have won the MP elections from 1-Shillong. parliamentary Constitution.
This fund will be only for new schemes and this method of investment in new schemes is known as PM Gati Shakti and the schemes will be for the development of the community. Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman has announced this.
At present, the family members of Poipynhun Majaw have not received any compensation from the Government.
He said that 90% of those who receive HIV will receive antiretroviral therapy and 90% of those who receive this treatment will be able to have the eradication of HIV in their bodies.
During these three days, two days were allocated for government business and only one day for the opposition if there were any bills, motions or resolutions.
He said that besides the investigation, the union will also try to talk and cooperate with these youths and their relatives to find ways to place them in hospitals. A small amount of energy to ensure that the youth of the nation have access to health services and are free from drug addiction.
“How can we do this? We should think carefully by giving power to the Congress party and it is only the Congress party that has stood against and spoken against until we can stop the CAB in the state. Sabha" he said.
Regarding the casualties caused by the fire, police are still taking an estimate at the time of writing of this news. in relation to the damage to goods in the shops.
Saying that there is nothing secret, Bah Kharlukhi said that he has fully implemented the T.5 crore allocated under the MP scheme for the year 2022-2023 while the scheme for , is currently reaching the beneficiaries.
Shillong, Lber 13: The All India Congress Committee (AICC) today announced its candidates for the MP elections to be held on the 9th of this month.
The Congress MDCs from JHADC have met with the MPCC President and tomorrow morning they will meet with the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma to take a final decision on whom to elect. Shillong, November 14: The National Institute of Open (NIOS) on Tuesday issued a public notice to extend the registration for the D.EL.Ed until 30th November
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: The Executive Committee of the Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) will hold a meeting on November 2, 2023 at its office at 1.30 pm to discuss the letter received from the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM). The Union Government through the Ministry of Home Affairs on the petitions and protest held by the union on the 3rd of this month at Jantar Mantar, New Delhi.
Shillong, July 14: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today said that 403 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in the state and 4529 people are still in critical condition.
Besides the preparations made by the Church, the DC and these government officers also promised to improve the road, water supply, light and parking spaces.
Jowai, November 22: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) Seng Kmie wishes you all a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year. , I hope that the thanksgiving of God will be a blessing to the people of Hynniewtrep Hynniew Wasa to have a strong and prosperous body through the development and peace of mind of the State as well. whole.
At the same time, the Cabinet also approved the draft of the Independence Day Speech, which outlines many of the works that the Government has done since assuming office. to rule.
Dr. Mukul Sangma has also been too biased in giving schemes and opening new offices only in the places he wants to give them. look at the face of anyone.
CEM of JHADC Bah Madon Rymbai and other EMs and MDCs. This is the place where the Behdienkhlam festival ends.
However, today the Chairman of the House has announced that the House has been dissolved.
Shillong, July 03: Seven persons have been injured in road accidents in different parts of the state during the New Year holidays.
A complaint has been registered at Lumdiengjri police station under various sections of the IPC and during the investigation, police have arrested Bah Alfas Bareh on charges of possession of Police have registered a case against the suspect and the investigation is ongoing.
But it is not explicitly stated.
that is, it is clearly understood that as the people, we are counted as slaves in our own Hima.
In this regard, the President of the Meghalaya College Teachers' Association (MCTA), Dr. (Ms.) BH Buam expressed her deep sorrow over the insult to the teachers. and at the same time they demand that education in the country should be protected according to the Constitution.
Furthermore, it also provides an opportunity for the journalists of Uttar Pradesh to understand the situation regarding the implementation of central government schemes in Meghalaya.
Meanwhile, the ongoing construction of the Riangdo Power Plant in West Khasi Hills, the Ganol Power Plant in West Garo Hills and other ongoing works to improve the light supply system should be reported to the government.
Each of them chooses a job that we can do to help others.
There is a lot of stone quarrying in the Lukha River in Borsara and Kuliang villages. The stone has been sold to the neighboring villages and also to the NBCC Company which builds the signboards on the border. K Suchiang General Secretary KSU Narpuh Circle said that to protect the river and also to respect the rule of law, the KSU has lodged a complaint with the DFO Territorial Jowai and also with the DC East Jaintia. Hills District.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Andy Nengnong, General Secretary of the Non-Teaching Staff Association at the university, said that this is for the employees who have not been promoted.
The Agriculture Witness program has been launched in 12 States in Phase 1: Gujarat, Tanil Nadu, Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Karnataka, Maharashtra, Rajasthan, Odisha, Jharkhand, Andhra Pradesh and Meghalaya.
According to the Pandemic Act 2005, it is the responsibility of the government to provide food items to those affected by the pandemic. por but don't count sting again.
“Meghalaya already has laws such as marriage, divorce, inheritance, adoption and others and these have been implemented and accepted by the people of the State.
The strike by the Adhoc teachers under the banner of FASTOM has reached its fourth day today. They have been sitting in front of the Secretariat but today they have moved the strike to the parking lot at the Additional Secretariat. .
At present, the people are in darkness on this issue because the central government has not provided any explanation, one government department says one thing and another says another.
Jowai, March 23: The Kiang Nangbah Government College-Student Union (KSU) has strongly condemned the government's abuse of power from time to time.
Meghalaya is well suited for kwai, sohmarit, and other crops, but the most prominent crop is now in the cultivation of leaf sha.
“This has caused the Rangbah Shnongs to be confused about this order of the Syiem.
He also said that the Congress will not be able to rule without any discrimination.
The CAU has introduced 13 courses in the field of agriculture to ensure that 70% of the youth will be able to start their own businesses or stand on their own feet and create opportunities. income for the beneficiaries after completing the training.
Speaking to reporters, one of the leaders of the HYC, Bah Donbok Kharlyngdoh, said that their visit was to express to the government that it should open the Mawlai C&RD Block.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, a mother who used to work with him said that the incident happened at 3 pm, and she said that this is the first time that such a thing has happened. The incident happened in Marten and she said it would be a shame if the body of the deceased could be recovered tonight because of the difficult conditions.
A case has been registered at Shillong Sadar Police Station and a thorough investigation is ongoing to find out the facts,” said the SP. He was arrested by the Iewduh Police on the morning of 17th July,
The Minister also spoke about the funds of the 15th Finance Commission for the development of villages, which can be allocated to the Dorbar Shnongs in Meghalaya in the same manner as in the related to villages without Gram Panchayats.
Dr. Lapang was accompanied by Bah Charles Marngar, Secretary MPCC and Adviser, Mawhati BCC.
On the other hand, the pass percentage of students in the HSSLC examination was 80.30 percent.
At this meeting, the Chief Minister said that the District authorities should not delay in issuing e-Pass for the farmers to transport their produce. to set a goal to vaccinate drivers.
At this meeting, the Union will discuss the working of the Shillong Residents Association and also to strengthen the Association, its office bearers, and the Rules of Procedure for the benefit of all residents. wet in Shillong.
Speaking at the programme, the Chief Guest, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh congratulated and expressed his gratitude to the health workers, village leaders. and also all those who have taken part in the establishment of this Sub-Centre.
W Khongjee, 62, former MLA of Sohra, passed away today.
Shillong, July 04: The Department of Telecommunications (DoT), North East LSA will hold an online meeting on the Prime Minister's Wi-Fi Access Network Interface (PM-WANI) on July 28,
Members of the Central Executive Council Member- Mr Morgan J Lyngdoh (Class XII) Mawsynram, Mr Edmund Khongngai (B.Com) Pynursla, Mr Shanbha Sohtun (Class XII) Umsning, Central Executive Council Member- Mr Arbok Khar Jahrin (B.A), Mawkyrwat, Central Executive Council Member- Mr Pynskhem Nongshlong (B.A) Rambrai, Central Executive Council Member- Mr Enlang Sawian (Class XII) Nongthymmai, Central Executive Council Member- Mr Shan Nongrum (B.A). ), Sohra.
The Cabinet also approved the new rules of the Meghalaya Lottery Rule 2019, which has been suspended for 11 years and this has resulted in the loss of the state government.
: U Bah Bashemlad Ryntathiang, resident of Mawlai Syllaikariah, on Tuesday, June 8, 2024, lodged a complaint with the Pasteur Beat House Police Station after unidentified persons stole a Scooty NTORG. MLO5-W-9942 from Polo area on 7th June, 2024 at 11:00 pm.
However, the KSU has taken another step by holding a Khasi League Basketball Tournament for boys and girls at the Mawlai Nongpdeng Stadium.
In conclusion, the Prime Minister expressed his confidence that the new structure of Parliament will be the foundation for a prosperous, strong and prosperous India.
Furthermore, 46 projects related to roads, electricity, agriculture, industry, health, sports, science & technology are being implemented in 5 districts under the than Garo district.
Williamnagar, November 25: “I never thought of surviving, thank God,” said Deborah Marak, Working President of the MPCC.
He said that concentration can be strengthened by practicing various Yoga asanas.
The distribution of medicines to all the shops in the market and also to the lyngti syngkieng inside the market was done with the cooperation of all the members of the group and from On behalf of the District Administration, Martina Lyttan was present.
The Meghalaya Benami Transaction Prohibition (Amendment) Act 2016 was also discussed on the occasion.
“We have decided that from the 10th to the 16th we will not hold any protest programs as part of the honor of various religions which hold and celebrate their annual rituals. The leaders of the political parties will meet again on the 16th to announce their protest programs to force the state government to immediately implement the Inner Line Permit ILP in the state,” said Aguster Jyrwa.
The former HSPDP leader has said that he will contest the MLA election in 2018, but he has not yet said where he will contest because the party he used to hold the ticket has already been nominated. go somewhere.
It was also seen that this system has divided Meghalaya into two groups of STs, Khasi-Jaintia and Garo.
At the meeting held today in Jowai, the situation of the COVID-19 pandemic in the state was discussed. There is no increase in the number of districts.
“If the resolution passed in 2007 violates the customs and traditions of the minority, we will take action. with a strong.
New Delhi, Jymmang 01: The Finance Minister of India, Nirmala Sitharaman today presented the budget for the year 2020-2021 in the country. of DoNER in this fiscal year is T.3048.73 crore.
Ribhoi, Lber 19 : The Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District, Jagpal Singh Dhanoa today honored and announced the services of those who have served in the state police department after being promoted. He awarded these policemen with stars after being promoted to the rank of Police Station.
"“When we see peace, we will visit and meet with the people living on the border.
He is a new candidate who has no written record,” he said. “The RDA has selected a candidate who is strong and who has the knowledge and understanding who can also advocate for the people. the responsibility of the State in Parliament.
The Tirot Singh Memorial Space, which has been allocated by the Central Government to preserve the culture and traditions of India in Dhaka, Bangladesh, is under construction with the support of the Government of India. .
This is a house that has been built specifically to be a shelter because during the rainy season it is very hot in Shyllet.
The road will be 40 km long and will benefit the people living on both sides of Assam and Meghalaya by building a bridge across the Kopli River and connecting with the NH-6 in Meghalaya.
The Government of India should do as it did in Manipur, Imphal on how the central government will protect the land of the people and there should be a clear sign that the army should not invade.
In terms of capabilities and capacity building, the understanding that India cannot spend billions in foreign exchange reserves to purchase goods and modernize the defense forces has been in the minds of those who are involved in this work.
In a complaint to the Deputy Commissioner, Bah Pasleiñ said, “I request you before your Honor to send for an investigation into the CCTV footage of Pala Polling Station under 5-Sutnga Saipung Constituency. , East Jaintia Hills District.
Ms Ampareeen said that the Khasi language is like the blood of the nation and she also spoke about the uniqueness of the native language in every nation in the world.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The Khasi Swer Society of Sohra Hima will hold a Kyrsiew on the 12th of this month at Swer Village, Lumawbah Swer Square.
This was announced by Bah T Mylliemgnap, one of the members of the group who passed the examination in 2011 and the government has not yet been able to appoint them.
The Awareness Program for the spread of Covid 19 was held with the prayer of thanksgiving to God to bless the residents of Umkiang Village especially the volunteers and the Village Authority, Ki Youth, VDPs, Volunteers and all the residents of Umkiang.
The Seng also reminded the PCCF that it has submitted the petition on 5th November, 2023 to the Divisional Forest Officer, East Khasi Hills (T) Division, Shillong, IA Mathuram.
Referring to these cases of violation of the rules, the department today said that it is deeply concerned about these programs and said that the Cable Television Networks ( Regulation) Act, 1995 and the provisions of this Act.
If you can confirm that I am involved with the murderer, confirm it tomorrow.
Through the technology of Internet technology, the NPP, UDP, HSPDP, PDF which are the NEDA groups and which work closely with the BJP have been defeated. The BJP candidates and their allies -NPP-UDP-HSPDP-PDF or vote for the candidates of the Indian National Congress which is the only party that stands against the principles of the BJP which has already prepared the goal. which is especially important through these small organizations in Meghalaya.
Jowai, Naitung 02: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) on Tuesday expressed its satisfaction with the government's demand for the establishment of a full blood bank in Jaintia Hills District. The Government through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has obtained a full license from the Drugs & Cosmatic Department of the Union Government for this Blood Bank.
The Syiem of Raid Nongtung, Pa,im Niwel Shadap, said that out of 36 villages, 18 are Khasi villages and with the addition of four Khasi villages, the total number of Khasi villages has increased to and all the people lived in peace in the midst of the raid.
These include the provision of materials such as instructions, provision of examination centres, full implementation of biometric systems, and to conduct the examination in a proper manner,” said the union. and added, “security forces should be deployed to check the crowd and ensure the safety of the candidates.
Shillong, Nailar 04: The meeting with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong and the Minister of Education, Lahkmen Rymbui, said that the meeting with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Lahkmen Rymbui, said Birbor Riangten, Leader of the Meghalaya Government LP School Contractual Teachers Association.
He said the escape of 25 crore people from extreme poverty has brought new confidence that India will soon be able to eradicate poverty.
At this meeting, KHNAM said that the unemployment rate has increased day by day and this is one of the problems faced by the state, but many of the mobile companies in the state have not They do not follow the recruitment rules according to the policy of the State Government.
Tura, July 01: A school teacher has been abducted by militants near Dalu village on July 30 from a rural village in West Garo Hills District.
As leaders who are responsible for the people, let the people judge, in fact if there is any shortcoming, we should come forward to talk and give our opinions and point out the shortcomings and let the people judge, la said Prestone.
It is necessary to remove the reluctance of the people to do this and requires the cooperation of the Village Health Councils (VHCs) and all the 460 Sub-Centres across the state to become such centres. to get first hand information.
He said that the parts of the road in East Jaintia Hills District have been badly damaged especially in the parts from Jowai to Ratacherra where the passengers have to face difficulties due to the deterioration of the road. .
He said that the allocation of funds in the last five years is four times compared to the past.
The sponsors of the program were Tipriti Kharbangar from Soulmate, Timmy Kharhujon from Snowhite and Ebenezer Sumer, faculty at Furtados School of Music, Mumbai who is also an alumnus of MLCU. One of the observers said, “MLCU has produced outstanding talents of the youth.
The BSF today also honored the soldiers of the BSF who sacrificed their lives for the sake of the country by holding celebrations across India.
He said that the students are responsible for bringing honor and pride to their families, their schools and especially to the village and the nation as well.
They explained that according to the census of Karnataka, their state has 30 districts and 176 taluks (C&RD Block) and a population of 6.11 crore. They are Scheduled Castes and about 6.5% are Scheduled Tribes.
On the part of KHNAM, the change is who are the office bearers or members of this society? and what is the authority of the Society on such matters? According to the report, the MLA said that he has tried to explain to the civil society.
Those who attended the ceremony included Sr.
Many of the residents of Kilapara left their homes and fled to Chaipani to get adequate shelter during the shooting.
Regarding those who took part in the strike, he said that some of them were injured but they are still together to continue the strike as they started and as it is until now no doctor has come. piet them in this place.
In this way, those who pass have to prove themselves and if found guilty they will be dismissed.
On the other hand, they followed all the rules before release and the permission was given by the SP at that time.
Shillong, November 03: The Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, AT Mondal, has expressed his deep sorrow over the sudden passing away of former Minister and MLA Manirul Islam Sarkar. surprise you.
However, that too could not succeed in the Khasi Jaintia Hills because the leading members were determined to stand firm on their foundation and were defeated to destroy their nation.
The Seng also found that the factory has violated the rules and regulations of the EIA 2006 in the production of Coke.
On the other hand, Mandal in his congratulatory speech to the members of the House, said that he is fighting as hard as he can to run the House without discrimination. you don't have to have a speaker.
This will protect biodiversity and promote transparency in the patenting process and will also strengthen innovation.
The purpose of this training is to raise awareness among the people on the harmful effects of pataka burning which affects the health and environment. be part of the UGC education program as directed by the Supreme Court of the country.
Shillong, July 11: The vehicle of the District Social Welfare Officer of South West Khasi Hills District was set on fire at Mawkyrwat Market today.
He has a good personality and a kind heart.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tyngsong, in charge of the PWD (Roads) department on Tuesday said that the construction of the Pynursla Bypass, which is part of the Package-III of the Shillong-Dawki Road, has been completed. ladep to be corrected.
Speaking to reporters at Congress Bhavan today, he said that the increase in the price of diesel and petrol has affected the poor and the increase in the price of petrol has affected all commodities. He said that the price of Umphniang has increased significantly.
Regarding the rules for mining, the government is still waiting because it is not enough. On the rules to take land by the government, the government will put it in the information of the public. that they should comment and thirty days were given if anyone wished to do so.
On the other hand, the party will continue to wait and see if this promise of the government comes true.
Another kur belonging to the Jaidmyntri within the Lyngniong Hima has lost its jaid.
The KSU through this information declares that the selection process of the state government is very wrong, which violates the rights of the students who are not only Khasi but also non-tribals. Those who live in the state and those who live in the country are strong and powerful.
Police also seized 11 grams of heroin. Police and BSF have worked together to fight against illegal activities especially against illegal drug trafficking. Police have decided to eradicate this crime from the state.
The three Committees announced by the Governor today did not include the name of the Chief Executive Member of KHADC , Titosstarwel Chyne , while the CEM of JHADC , Thombor Shiwat The Committee of the West Jaintia Hills District.
Dr.Dr.Littwilina D Sangma said that she completed this training in 2016 and started providing this treatment in 2017 but she has not got enough space to meet the needs of the people. , but now they have received this adequate space where they have also set up quarantine facilities and quarantine facilities according to the needs of the patients.
I have sent an inquiry to these 24 shops so that we can know more about how many are open and how many are closed.
Shillong, July 03: Two new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Meghalaya, the new cases are from Ri Bhoi District, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today said. You have not tested positive for COVID-1
Shillong, July 21: The KSU Kensimphlang Unit today celebrated its 40th Anniversary at Kensimphlang Village, South West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The Meghalaya State Ex-Servicemen together with the Rajya Sainik Board of the 101 Area will hold a rally of all retired soldiers on the 25th of this month at the Assam Regimental Centre, Happy Valley, Shillong.
Shillong, Nailur 29: U Bah AL Hek, Minister of Meghalaya, today donated 100,000 rupees of his salary to the Kerala Government for the flood victims in the state. Kerala Chief Minister's Flood Relief Fund
“This initiative of the Sahep to implement this transformer has been able to meet the electricity shortage of the village,” said the Secretary Shnong of Iooksi Village, Ma H. Pachiang.
Shillong, Nailur 02: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Pynshngianlang Syiem has called another meeting of the civil society organizations to discuss the desire to amend the Sixth Schedule. available on 29/8/2
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that he will meet with the Minister of State for Assam Himanta Biswa Sarma in the coming months before the end of this month. I don't have a problem in Khanduli.
On the other hand, the CEM said that there are some employees who say that they go to work but they don't come to work. to “Annual Confidential  Repot”.
“When we ask about the character of Kiang Nangbah, it is something, part of the preservation of our present heritage, which has brought us together as it is now, as a nation. “At this moment when Kiang Nangbah passed away 159 years ago, but If his works continue to speak from one generation to another, the question arises to each of us, how do we want to protect this generation? Answering this question, the KSU leader said that it is the duty of everyone to innovate, think and fight against the KSU. These are the things that come to lynshop the jaidbynriew and it is the duty of the full member of the jaidbynriew to take any individual step that can be innovated that can be a tool to strengthen the jaidbynriew.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, KS Kropha today convened a meeting to review the availability of currency in the state after the exchange of T.500 and T. 1000 rupees in cash.
Shillong, Naitung 30: Boston Marak has been elected as the new CEM of the GHADC. Shillong, Naitung 30: At 1.00 pm, Lusen A Sangma of the 3rd Meghalaya Police Battalion shot dead Bah Litsingh Inghi, a policeman who was working at the same workplace in Sahbsein, West Jaintia Hills District. .
These villages are located near the government protected forest known as the Nokrek Reserve.
He urged the government authorities to protect his family as the police of Ri Bhoi District have not done anything on his complaint for two months.
PC Pawar said that the selection of people to take part in this struggle is to encourage how to empower people by using modern technology in terms of knowledge and how to raise awareness. with others to bring happiness in many ways.
He said that even last year the state was allowed to borrow up to 4%, and this year with the decision to bring about changes in the electricity sector, it has been allowed to borrow up to 4%. The state has increased the tax rate by 0.5% and has not been able to amend this law.
There are 3,940 houses damaged, of which 256 houses have been destroyed, 3,409 houses have been destroyed and 78 houses have been destroyed. EKH District, West Khasi Hills, SWKH District, Ri Bhoi, East Garo Hills District, West Garo Hills North Garo Hills, SWGH District, East Jaintia Hills and West Jaintia Hills District.
Police have registered the case at Rynjah Police Station.
The strike of the EMRI employees has reached three days today. The EMRI employees have not listened to them despite the government's passage of the MESA Act.
Other speakers included the Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, the Minister of Health, Bah AL Hek, the Minister of Home Affairs, James Sangma (as the chief guest). programs of music by the youth of the area and school children.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: Another body has been recovered from the coal mine at Khsan in East Jaintia Hills today. There is a coal mine in Khsan, East Jaintia Hills District.
The JYF has recently appointed an Election Board headed by LD Lakiang and Founding Vice President Sannio Siangshai as Chairman and Secretary.
Why does the blue color of Wah Lukha happen only during the rainy season ? How can the acid coal flow during the rainy season when there is no rain ? Coal acid flows during the rainy season and we know the coal water well because on the water surface it looks like an acid and the water turns red. .
From time to time we went down to the border to talk and we held meetings and participated with them.
The mid-term election in the 2-Tura parliamentary constituency was held following the sudden death of PA Sangma.
The winners will receive a cash prize of T.10,0
“We are pleased to announce that Sufiyan A. Hazarika, also known as Manbhalang Jyrwa, has sent his resignation letter, which we have received on the grounds of compassion,” said the General Secretary-cum-Publicity Secretary of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. HNLC said in a statement sent to the media.
Speaking to media, Bah Kharlukhi said he is ready to accept any investigation and will resign from the post of MP if any corruption is found in the implementation of the MP scheme is yours.
Shorts TV also has the largest collection of short films available on TV, mobile, online and in theaters and produces its own short programmes.
The party will declare it as Anti Uranium Day in South West Khasi Hills District.
He also explained that from now on, the residents will pay their bills exactly according to their use of meters, not just pay at the assessment price as this affects the losses on both sides. to cooperate in the fight against those who use electricity illegally as this will lead to more losses and failures in the transformers.
At the same time, regarding the funds to appoint teachers, according to this policy, children should go to school from the age of three.
For those who are new or those who have been playing martial arts, you can come and take part in the event organized by the Meghalaya Judo Association from 10th to 12th November at Judo Hall Polo Ground.
KW Marbaniang, Secretary Health and Family Welfare, Dr. A. Dkhar, Director Health Services, MCH&FW and Dr. MK Marak, Director of Health Services, MI (SP News).
Education Now should create jobs and not look for jobs.
Shillong, Nailar 25: U MLA of Jirang, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, has taken personal initiative to ensure that the relief from the government reaches the flood victims in Byrnihat on Tuesday. three.
All this brought confidence to her and this helped her a lot in her climbing career.
The KSU, FKJGP, RBYF, HNYF and JSU have called for a meeting to discuss the issue.
Like the words Pin, Skul and Kali, they are not very different because they are not very different.
