Wahlong saw policeman KP Singh trying to detonate a petrol bomb and fled the scene.
Shillong, July 21: The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, while congratulating the 50th Anniversary of Meghalaya, has congratulated all those who have contributed to the development of the state.
The PM SVANidhi scheme has helped to bring them into stable income generation and open up opportunities for them to develop.
Shah said PACS used to look after agricultural lending, but now PACS have been linked to micro ATMs and Kisan Credit Cards.
Shillong, Naitung 02: The Government of Meghalaya through the Soybean Agriculture Scheme will now encourage the farmers of the state to cultivate crops without the use of fertilizers. farmers by using untreated fertilizers.
“We will also recruit another 2000 policemen and the recruitment is ongoing.
A total of 506 teachers have been dismissed and 193 teachers have been reinstated so far. The remaining 313 teachers have been dismissed. A total of 246 teachers were dismissed for the first time in 2014 and 6 of them were reinstated.
The Chief Minister has launched the MCMRF where all those who wish to donate for the fight against COVID-19 can deposit in the account which has been announced. .
He said that in Jiantia Hills alone, 135 nurses have not received their salaries and in other parts of the state, more than 450 nurses have not received their salaries for three months. Eldie N Lyngdoh, Spokesperson of the party.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The registration of candidates for the upcoming MLA elections in all 60 constituencies in 12 districts of the state was held today. on February 27, 2023, there were 379 cases.
In another incident, Deepak Rai, 24, committed suicide by hanging himself near Little Star Academy School, Khliehriat.
The Government and the Ministers themselves cannot build or distribute money unless they collect taxes from us the paid citizens.
Speaking to media, Hercules Suting General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri Bhoi District, said that if the Assam government can stop the Meghalaya government when it goes to install electricity lines in the area, The Meghalaya government should also ban the Assam government from building a Police Outpost at Umru village as it is outside Meghalaya.
He said that the death toll in the state in 2008 was only one, but this year the death toll has risen to
Shillong, July 07: U Bah Nehlang Lyngdoh, MLA of Khliehriat, has not appeared in the nomination of the Congress candidates.
And Mr.
Prof. S.K Nayak, Dept.
Speaking to reporters, the Prime Minister said that the road will run from Mawphlang to Weiloi and Mawkyrwat to Ranikor.
On the other hand, the Dorbar Shnong of Mawprem has expressed its regret to see that the work has not yet started.
He also opened 21 Hindi libraries in Mizoram, Manipur, Tripura and Assam.
: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Laban Circle on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) regarding the conversion of drugs and illegal drugs into a shelter home located in Shillong. Kench’s Trace.
The Cabinet today decided to amend the Meghalaya Minor and Minerals Concession Rule 2016 by which shyiap can be mined and only those areas within 100 meters of the river will be allowed.
– she threw the earthenware from Larnai village,– she threw the clean plate,– she threw the lyngkhot tree that made the knor to sit on,– she threw the statue that had a sudden shape,– it refers to the gold or silver earrings that are in the ears, and so on.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, who is also in charge of the Finance Department, has brought in the House a request for more funds to be spent on various government departments.
Shillong, Nailar 20: The day laborers of MeECL under the banner of the MeECL Progressive Workers' Union (MPWU) have expressed their gratitude that through many meetings between the management and the union, the management of MeECL has promised to implement the demands of the Union and to protect the rights of the employees through a contract agreement drawn up with mutual understanding and agreement between the management and the employees themselves through their union.
However, it was informed that during the election, all the shouts say that they love the nation to encourage the rulers and the people to support their candidates. in writing to exercise and protect the rights of the Hima/Elaka before India.
Shillong, Lber 04: The election for the Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will be held on the 6th of this month. to the former CEM, Bah Manstudy Nongrem.
On the entry of motorcycle drivers into the Rapido, the Commissioner of Transports said, “We have received information on this and we will investigate what happened and if necessary we will file a complaint and punish them.
Speaking on the occasion, Prestone Tynsong praised the contribution of Dr. DD Lapang not only to Ribhoi and Meghalaya but also to the country. spirit of service for the welfare of the people of the state and the country.
With the establishment of this committee to facilitate the relationship with the COVID-19 Committees in the villages, there will be a good relationship with the authorities of the District Administration, Block and government departments related to the COVID-19 Committees. this work.
It was in 2002 that the government of Bah EK Mawlong stirred up this but it remains to this day.
Shillong, November 23: All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) leader Kirti Azad has said that the party leader Kirti Azad is a man who respects the Constitution of India and the rights of the people. today he apologized for his remarks on twitter.
He urged the people not to use such SIM cards or signals from other countries while inside India.
The Prime Minister today clarified that he did not say that there was any suspicion involved in the bomb blast in front of the party office but it was an answer to a question from the Lat. newspaper.
Shillong, Lber 11: Two persons suspected of being involved in the bomb blast at Panjabi Lane at Syndicate Bus Stand in Iewmawlong have been arrested by the State Police. Nongpluh, 26, and Tarson Lymba, both from West Jaintia Hills District.
U Bah Seiborlang Langstieh, who was shot dead by these three men in the ground floor of his house, said that when they came and asked him, he went outside without any bad intention to talk. but at that time they bombed and beat him and he also defended himself and was able to stop the incident by the arrival of the neighbours.
The SPC also sends its condolences to the family and prays that the Lord will grant peace to the family and that Shillong, Nailur 22: The Director of Health Services (DHS) today said that the meeting was conducted by Bah Powel Sohkhlet, General Secretary, SPC. The total number of cases in the state has risen to 58, 45 from East Khasi Hills, 5 from Ri Bhoi, 1 from South Garo Hills and 1 from West Jaintia Hills.
Bah J Majaw Rangbha Shnong of Mawsiatkhnam Village and Bah K Lynra Secretary requested Bah Sawkmie to look after and assist the village in various aspects from the road, water supply and health. the personal needs of the people and the needs of the samal.
All the Dkhar brothers and sisters around Jaintia Hills, especially the Dkhar brothers and sisters in East Jaintia Hills District, and also all their dear friends are requested to take the time to attend this market. This competition will be held on Saturday, at the time and place mentioned above, so that the purpose of the organization, will be a successful, peaceful and also job complete.
This was announced in a statement by the Chief Leader, Bah Niman N Shadap.
On 6th March 2021, KSU Laitumkhrah Unit and some members of the unit lodged an Ejahar at Laitumkhrah Police Station. The authorities of the law shall arrest and punish according to the law.
Also present on the occasion were Samla Streamly S. Niangti (General Secretary KSU JHDU), Samla L. Tariang (Genl.
The Minister said, “The 'Lawkyntang' are sacred parts of the forests and represent our ancient right to protect the environment based on knowledge.
Detailed information from the talks between the KSU leaders and the police will be released soon.
The meeting was also attended by the Chief of Army Staff and other officers from the Central and State Governments who accompanied the Prime Minister.
The KSU also urges the people to be vigilant against any kind of companies or people who encourage them to make money.
Shillong, Nailur 17: Unidentified persons have detonated a petrol bomb at two jain shops in Iewduh at 9.30 pm this morning. he was injured.
The union understands that the preparations for the construction of the Nongstoin-Rambrai-Chaigoan road are in progress but no tender has been called yet.
Police said that in 2018 alone, 17 such rape cases have been registered with the police and out of these 14 cases, the police have already lodged a complaint with the court. Thirteen of these people were arrested by the police.
This open space is a parking and turning area, in an area with many cemeteries and a crematorium.
If the government is interested in economic growth, it should promote agriculture.
In South West Khasi Hills District, the 30th of November is celebrated as Sngap Syiem Day and is also a District Holiday. I went to this village to build a monument to this King several years ago.
On this day, 198 people including children, women and elderly people who came to the Medical Camp were treated.
There are 264 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 156 cases in West Khasi Hills and 50 cases in West Khasi Hills.
The Election Commission of India does not have the authority to elect the President of the party and the office bearers of the CEC but it is its authority through the public meeting of the party. said S.Mylliemumlong Secretary KHNAM Mawlai Constituency in a statement sent today.
The teacher was abducted from Karengre village, about 25 km from Tura at 9 pm this morning.
The Congress party's stinginess in providing the documents to hold the meeting shows the Congress party's disregard for the government authorities and this shows the secrecy of the party leaders. .
At present, the construction of the dam has been completed by 60% of the report received, and the work is scheduled to be completed by 30/July/2024 and after that it will be completed. can be driven as normal.
After the PWD went to inspect the site for the construction of the examination hall, it was found that the school had not informed the PWD. school has filled too much land.
Surprisingly, the BDO has registered about 12 victory cards.
The SP said that 6-7 members of HITO have been arrested.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, has informed the public that the rules laid down by the government are that only 30 people are allowed to be together at the same time at the funeral home.
On the other hand, the Chief Engineer said that the work has started and it will be completed within three months.
The scheme aims to enable them to borrow loans from bank branches so that they can start their own businesses.
We must take the determination of 130 crore people to new heights.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, has alleged that since the BJP came to power in Delhi, the Block Grant scheme for the North Eastern States has been implemented. Shillong, November 21: The Meghalaya State Planning Board under the leadership of Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MSPB, held a meeting at the Office of Agriculture-Horticulture, on the work of Meghalaya Mission Organic.
According to the calendar discussed today in the BAC, the Governor of the State will deliver his speech in the Legislative Assembly on the first day.
Deputy Chief Minister Rowell Lyngdoh Marshillong was the chief guest on the occasion.
“This area has many talented young people and their knowledge is encouraging.
She said that because she had a problem at home, she left the house.
Speaking to reporters, the President of FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle, Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang, said that the FKJGP has received information that there has been a thorough inspection between the Veterinary Officers and the owners of Petrol. The pump is located in Anjalee and is located in Upper Shillong.
The Chief Minister said that the government has banned people from traveling to other states and districts without any job. At present, there are up to 12,000 applications for permission. speak out that people are not taking the government’s direction seriously.
At the same time, Assam Riffle troops who were present at the scene saw this and helped their man. About 15 and 20 policemen arrived and took Kamal away. Gurung Sha Police Station.
On the same day, police have recovered the body of an elderly man from Hynniewmer whose name is still unknown. Police have sent the body to the Civil Hospital Shillong for post mortem. The investigation is ongoing.
Police have seized 14.06 grams of heroin from the shop which was hidden in a soap box inside the shop.
In this regard, the MPSC has clarified that only 34 candidates have passed the examination and only these 34 candidates have been called for interview.
On receiving a tip, the BSF troops stopped the vehicle and when they searched the talper of the truck, they found that there was 25,000 kilos of sugar in the vehicle. The car was caught in Kuliang.
Police have registered a case under the POCSO Act and the investigation is ongoing.
The Deputy Commissioner acknowledged that the discussion has brought about a clear understanding and urged the CPWD department to start the work as soon as possible.
The Agroecology Fund (AEF) is a voluntary organization that distributes aid around the world and is headquartered in Washington, DC, USA.
He also announced that the Chairman of JNV Mukhla will award prizes to the students who read not only school books but also books that will build the knowledge of this person. students that they should keep up with the current era of change and prepare themselves more quickly to reach their goals in their studies.
Shillong, July 04: The PDF Mawkyrwat Zonal Committee will hold a public meeting of the Mawkyrwat Zonal Committee on the 6th of January 2018 at 10:30 am.
Ka Balahun Kharmuslaman 10th position, Zoology 83.75%.
The CEM of KHADC has acknowledged that the KHADC has sent a letter to the State Government to arrange for the places where the gates can be installed and which places cannot. He said that once we have received from the government, we can discuss in detail.
“The Government should not turn around or mislead the HNLC. We expect the Government to dismiss the cases first, as the Nagaland Government did in
Shillong, March 01: The JSU Shillong Circle led by Request Pakma and Eddy Kerry Pohtam, President of the Jowai Central Division have met with the Executive Engineer of Jowai Central Division to discuss the issue of pollution. National Highway 44 and N-H44E. These roads affect the traffic of the public especially those who are sick which causes problems to the people of Jaintia Hills.
The union suggested that the DC should convene a meeting of all the stakeholders to discuss and move forward on this.
At the same time, he said the Commission has thoroughly considered the rules requested by MeECL to increase the electricity bill so that the people will not be affected by this increase in the light bill.
Shillong, Nailar 11: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) wants to clarify that our opposition to the Administrative Unit in Ranikor is not because we are against the development but on the grounds that this area needs a Civil Sub. Division.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: In connection with the slowdown in the NEET examination in Jowai and Nongpoh, at least 500 students who wrote the NEET examination in Jowai and Nongpoh last year have failed. JSU and KSU together with the students who wrote NEET have sent a complaint to the students who wrote NEET. The NTA and the state government have asked for clarification on the conduct of the examination at these two centers but no reply has been received from the NTA for more than two months and this has put the students in darkness.
Speaking at the meeting, Kong Khongdup said that the Viksit Bharat SankalpYatra was launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi for the benefit of the people in the rural areas.
During this lockdown due to COVID-19, the CORP has donated many relief items to the residents of Ri Bhoi District while the organization has been able to reach out to the people. .
In fact, as the leaders, when the people have elected them, they should have taken action to remove the leader immediately. .
“For the sake of the welfare and benefit of the youth of the country, the party through this statement hopes that the arrangements to send the youth to study medicine will go smoothly in all the countries. side and there will be no concealment whether on either side, the petition said.
Police have also identified the leader of the gang as Panah of Ajit Rabha, also known as Rudra Rabha.
However, with the hard work of the fire brigade, the fire broke out and did not affect other houses nearby. Many of these shops were burnt down. they are wood shops.
Regarding the wiring inside the houses, MeECL will repair all the damaged houses and provide meter boxes.
Shillong, November 16: The North Eastern Council (NEC) was established by Parliament in 1971 and was inaugurated in Shillong on 7 November 1972 and celebrated its 50th anniversary in November.
The parties that have nominated candidates are the Congress, BJP, NPP, UDP and NCP, while the others are independent candidates.
On the other hand, Tailin Lyngdoh said that such incidents should be punished so that such incidents will not happen again in the future. I have never been insulted, but I have been insulted in my own country by my fellow countrymen.
Fullmoon, wearing the captain’s armband today, stepped up to take the shot and aimed it past Shambu Mistry, with the goalkeeper guessing the correct way but he was nowhere near the ball.
Shillong, Lber 08: Answering a question by M.Ampareen Lyngdoh, the Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, said that the schools have just started to open. the number of school dropouts.
Mawlyngbna is known all over India and abroad for its beautiful scenery which attracts people from all over the country to flock to this area.
Furthermore, this year, the union has noticed that some offices intend to close on Good Friday, a special day for Christians around the world.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that the Nokma and the way of life of the Garo people should be written down so that the future generations will know the importance of the Nokma in the society. only.
The purpose of this training is to produce referees who can play in football matches in different categories.
On this occasion, the Minister of Electricity also visited the dam and inspected the work to improve it. M/S.Multi Tech Engineers.
Sec.25(IA)(IB) Arms Act against perpetrators.
The Additional Deputy Commissioner's Office has issued this order after receiving a tip that the trucks passing through the bridge have carried more than 9 tonnes which is against the rules. office of the Executive Engineer, PWD (Roads), National Highway Division, Shillong.
Young people from small towns, small towns, our sons and daughters are doing great things today.
Similarly, India has shared Ayurveda with the world, he said.
Shillong, Naitung 26: About 60 youths have arrived to take part in the 1st Ri-Bhoi District Level KickBoxing Championship 2014 which was held at Nongpoh.
New Delhi, July 12: U Jyotiraditya M.Scindia today took over as the Union Minister in charge of the North Eastern Region, two days after the swearing-in ceremony of the Cabinet on 9/ July/2024 Dr Majumdar, Minister of State for Child Development, DoNER together with other officers of DoNER welcomed the Union Minister.
Replying to a question by Bah RV Lyngdoh MDC, EM in charge of Forests, Victor Ranee said that the Executive Committee has taken many measures to protect the forests. including the Working Scheme in accordance with the decision of the Supreme Court of India.
“I hope that while this project is ongoing, we will continue to prepare for the project which will include the cleaning of the Umkhreh and Umshyrpi Rivers which is much needed,” he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The Cabinet meeting today approved the extension of the term of office of the two Autonomous District Councils (KHADC) and JHADC. ) for six months which means that the MDC elections in these two District Councils will not be held at all.
The HNLC is pleased that he has returned to his country, especially that he will be with his family members in good health.
As it appears through the media, we see that he has changed his mind by saying that he is against uranium and has sent a letter to Jitendra Singh to demand that the uranium mining ban should be abolished. within the state.
The two countries will continue to stand firm to strengthen cooperation between India and Italy, and promote cooperation in the Indo-Pacific and Mediterranean region.
Every month it showcases the initiatives and policies of the Government that have played a major role in the creation of a mighty India.
Limited to 20 participants will be allowed.
Farmers and entrepreneurs explained their achievements on this day.
The CEO said that the counting of votes will start at 8 pm.
The request to the government to appoint staff to display signs in these offices is that these people who have faced this lack of speech or power to understand their needs. employees known as “Sign Interpreters” of these offices who are often employed.
Speaking on the occasion, Lambok said that the KSU has suffered similar incidents in previous years where KSU leaders have been shot dead by government bullets without being arrested. Without trial, the trial by bullet is unacceptable. This is not said to be democracy but a misuse of power.
The State Government will be in the midst of a problem in terms of payment.
Speaking at the congratulatory meeting, he said that they will work hard and the problems should not be obstacles, but there is a need for cooperation as a team.
The Committee comprises the Leader of the Opposition in the Lok Sabha and Union Ministers appointed by the Prime Minister.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District has been directed to inform that if anyone has witnesses to report to the Inquiry Team held on 07/08/2 They didn't respond to their requests or to respond to their statements if they had any information, but no one came from the government to respond.
The meeting was conducted by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Ampareen, Mission Director of the National Health Mission Ram Kumar and other officers from the Health Department.
The country also experienced an increase in the number of daily COVID deaths (5.5%) during this period.
I promised that the Seng LongKmie is ready to lend a hand to the Seng at any time they feel the need.
Police have also arrested two smugglers who have smuggled gold. Police have also seized T.10.89 lakh tyngka from them. Police have seized a vehicle and three vehicles. phones and a laptop.
Eighteen girls have been selected to contest Miss Meghalaya 2023 and 19 girls have been selected to contest Miss Teen Meghalaya,
The Governor expressed his satisfaction that this ceremony will bring unity, peace and increase in income to the people of the state. the devil is ready to flee far away.
According to doctors today, the worldwide use of tobacco is 1.3 billion people and every four seconds one person loses his life from tobacco use. I'm going to smoke.
This is a misleading statement by this MP. His duty as an MP is to advocate for the state especially to protect the uniqueness of the Jaidbynriew Hynniewtrep. he speaks and acts like another.
These foreigners have been deported for not having proper documents recognized by the Labor Department of the State Government or KHADC to work in the State.
John Leslee K Sangma, MLA from 51-South Tura Constituency, has resigned in recent days and has now joined the NCP. candidates will be released on these days.
After this defeat, Shillong Lajong had to play only to hold on to the lead among the teams that came to take part.
In Smit, Khyrim Hima and the second October 2007 before the Law Lyngdoh of Mawphlang Hima, which united the country and the nation with the cooperation of the rulers.
Twenty villages and 70 elders have been given one month to remove the chicken farm within six months and a report has been submitted to the DC for action. The DC has sent the magistrates to conduct a joint inspection by the Rangbah Shnong and the magistrates to the farm to find out the truth.
Purity Phawa, President of Lumdiengjri Women's Association, expressed her happiness that she has been appointed as the leader of the Lumdiengjri Women's Association to take over the activities of the village. provide the best service to the community.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Meghalaya Board of School Education today announced the results of the Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate Examinations 2013 Arts Stream.
Officers of the BSF and Border Guard of Bangladesh (BGB) on Tuesday met at the Inspectors General BSF-Region Commanders BGB Level Border Co-ordination Conference. The training will end on Friday at the Frontier Headquarters BSF, Shillong.
It may be recalled that the leaders of the Khasi Raid Laban have met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills to lodge a complaint regarding the allegation that the flag of the Khasi National Union (KNU) has been misused. organization.
Journalists have the right to question those in power and if this right is violated, the future of democracy will be bleak.
He said he is confident that through the determination of various states and various Central Government departments, the North East will be able to overcome various challenges in the future.
Furthermore, they had the opportunity to highlight the distinct identity of the Khasi community through a captivating performance of the traditional warrior dance “Ka Shad Thma" by the youths of Seng Khasi Kmie.
It is to be recalled that the CAA was introduced in 2019 and it was in this year that the State Government sent a letter to the Government of India to implement the ILP in the State. This demand has not been fulfilled until today.
“This statement by the CEM of Karbi Anlong District Council shows that he wants to create ethnic differences between the Khasi-Jaintia and the Karbi living in the border areas of Meghalaya and Assam,” said Tyllang.
Speaking on the One-stop Crisis Centres, she said that the One Stop Crisis Centers have seen the cooperation between various departments of the Government to ensure that the police, counsellors, lawyers and others work together in one place.
Bah Banteidor congratulated the ASHA workers at various Aganwadi Centers who have worked hard to take care of this issue and to raise awareness among the public on the importance of health. , cleanliness and especially for the mothers as well as for the children who are yet to grow up.
On the other hand, the Director said that the recruitment is in accordance with the rules laid down by the Government of India and the reservation is Pan India.
The IBDC will serve as a training center for people in the field of fish farming. The fish farm covers an area of ​​between 20 and 25 acres.
The delegation will be led by Home Minister Sushma Swaraj and Minister for Industries and Food Production Harsimrat Kaur Badal. .
The village has decided not to allow the bodies to be brought within the boundary of Smith village. Secondly, the village council will meet with Walambha Nongrum who is present. He is currently undergoing treatment at Nazareth Hospital in Shilong.
The Holy Mass was celebrated by the Apostolic Nuncio Archbishop Leopoldo Girelli in the presence of the Archbishop of the Diocese of Shillong, Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh, the Bishop of the Diocese of Nongstoin. Most Rev. Willbert Marweiñ, Bishop of Jowai Diocese, Most Rev. Ferdinand Dkhar, Auxiliary Bishop of Aizawl, Most Rev. Joachim Walder, hundreds of priests and thousands of faithful from three dioceses. Diocese, Symbud Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong, Government Ministers including Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh and AL Hek, Shillong MP Vincent Pala, MLAs, MDCs, Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills RM Kurbah and others.
The Kur said that all this is only to defame Dr Mukul Sangma. The Kur said that all his brothers and sisters have been placed in the Kur kajiad Manda and All the certificates have identified him as Mukul Sangma and these Schedule Tribes.
Shillong La will face newcomers Neroca FC from Manipur on November 23 at the JN Stadium Shillong.
Shillong, March 11: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today accused those Congress MLAs who will leave the Congress party and join other parties of trying to overthrow the government. and the village council of the State Legislative Assembly.
The union expresses its regret over the inability of the central government and especially the state government to give special recognition to such youths who have brought honor to the state.
The Central Government has allocated funds for the construction of ISBTs to relieve traffic jam in urban areas and Shillong has also received this bus stand and the bus stand has been constructed now. for about three years it has not been completed.
There was also a short drama performance prepared by the staff of Jatah PHC and a special program by the staff of Mawkynrew PHC. B.Nongkhlaw, World Vision India welcomed the guests.
The JSU stands against this and demands that these writings should be completely removed otherwise the JSU will seek information through RTI to find out the truth about those who misuse the rights of the people.
However, due to the conflict, the Garo and Khasi Pnar were forcibly included and the Karbi were allowed to remain in Assam.
The female cow is used to thank and worship the meiramew to invite and invite the gods to come along and here too the lehniam and the annual sacrifice is performed by the President.
The BJP in Meghalaya has already sent a notice to the party's top leaders that they want Modi to come to the state to hold a public meeting.
The polo tournament on the 21st of this month was a short event to celebrate Meghalaya Day. The lives of our children, our brothers and sisters are suffering because of the lack of attention.
Dr Balram Bhargava, DG ICMR and Secretary (DHR) was also present at the meeting.
There were also various Jan Bhagidari programs such as sharing their experiences with Central Government schemes, full implementation of schemes like Ayushman Bharat, Jal Jeevan Mission, Jan Dhan Yojana, PM Kisan Samman Nidhi. Yojana, ODF Plus status, quiz competitions, drone flying demonstrations, health camps and others.
He also spoke about democracy in Indian society.
Shillong, July 19: The total number of confirmed cases of COVID-19 in East Garo Hills has risen to 268, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today said. Garo hills 5, Ri Bhoi 17, South Garo Hills 7, South West Garo Hills 3, South West Khasi Hills 2, West Garo Hills 50, West Jaintia Hills 11, West Khasi Hills
The Federation of Khasi States has already suggested to the Government of Meghalaya from 1st May 2020 to create measures to quarantine all those who have returned to the state. Villages to take urgent measures to use school buildings, dorbar halls, communities, churches, as places to quarantine those who have returned to the state.
On 05/07/2018, the union found that despite the large number of people who wanted to come to collect and deposit money, only the tables and chairs were empty without anyone. employee other than the attendant who is to open and close this establishment.
Bah Lyngdoh Secretary of the union said that they are not happy with this behavior of the stewards as it affects their income and they cannot accept this behavior as it disrupts the work they are doing.
SHILLONG, Nailar 10: The North Garo Hills Tribal Contractors Association (NGHTCA) today announced that they will hold a two-day protest against the government by putting up posters on the 17th and 18th of this month. month due to the outstanding bill to PWD and PHE of about Rs 24 crore.
In his speech, Titosstarwell Chyne, Working President of the party, said that Bah Marwein has been with the UDP since 2000 and has also contested the MLA election from the party from Nongstoin Constituency. In 2019, he was elected MDC from Langrin Constituency.
The union will meet with the BDO of Umsning to inform the government about the problems faced by this family. The names of these people involved in this tragic incident are Bah Kumer Thabah, Hina Nongphlang, Aibitalin Nongphlang and Bony Nongphlang concluded the statement.
They expressed their concerns about the lack of mobile network and lack of Internet.
In Ri Bhoi, 42 cases, 1 case in WJH District, 12 cases in West Garo Hills District, 1 case in South West Garo Hills, 2 cases in South Garo Hills, 1 case in East Garo Hills and 1 case in North Garo Hills.
When the light was strong, it was difficult to break its chain.
Prestone said the train from Delhi will leave on the 27th of this month and the registration is ongoing. 23014451/011-23014341 and at
He said that as an MLA, he will inform the government authorities to help Samborlang to develop his football skills.
Regarding the tragic incident, the MPYC alleged that the incident happened because the Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh could not take action.
Therefore, the Seng has warned the owners and managers of these foreigners who do not have permits by sending them back to their hometowns. Factories shall not import or employ foreigners without obtaining a Labor License from the District Council.
The Minister said that the health centers need ambulances, lights, water treatment plants, medicine storage facilities.
The Cabinet has decided to increase the fare of buses from T.1.05 per kilometer to T.1.80 per kilometer in the state.
These are the Meghalaya Farmers Commission to declare November 4 as the Farmers' Day and 2020 as the Year of the Farmers.
Referring to the entry of traders into the world, Dr Donkupar said that this cannot be stopped, but what is needed is that once they have won, they should teach them. The people shall not work, but if they turn away from themselves, then the destruction will come.
Shillong, Naitung 16: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawlong Unit has decided to suspend its relationship with the KSU from the 14th of this month.
“At the same time, we have to think about the victims, they may be relatives or those who still have relationships. to the victims of evil deeds," he added.
The orders issued today are that those who come to these two racecourses are for those who have to run at Mawiong to get off at the third gate and for those who have to run at Mawiong at Goegragre they will drive to the second gate.
He added that many of the leaders have come from the villages.
Shillong, November 15: The Forum of All Union Associations (FOAUS) of BSNL North Eastern-I today held a one-day strike to protest against the central government's plan to set up another company. AK Ghosh, President of the NE-I Association, said that the proposal to build a new company is only for the 65,000 towers of BSNL in the country. The whole country is unacceptable.
The HNLC has decided to call a curfew on the 9th of this month on the day of the election of MPs to the Legislative Assembly of India. According to a statement issued by the HNLC Publicity Secretary, Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw.
During the inspection, the union found that the booksellers were selling more books than the stipulated price on the grounds that they had spent a lot of money on the transportation of the books.
All exporters have been directed to register with the Customs and Central Excise in order to pay the tax to the Central Government.
Police sources said that no casualties were reported in the fire, as the people who were inside at the time left the house immediately after hearing the fire.
To prevent the entry of illegal immigrants, the government has also installed new gates at Ratacherra, Khliehriat, Dainadubi, Byrnihat, Aradonga and Nengkhra. , and Umsiang in Ri Bhoi District.
The road from Dangngar to Balat Border Hat in Tilagoan has already been constructed but in the middle of the bridge it has been left empty until now. go to the market go to the hat to the people.
The United Khasi and Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council was formed in 1952 but Block I and Block II were not included in the Untied Khasi and Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council. In 1972, the state was divided into two districts, the United Khasi and Jaintia Hills Districts except Block I and Block II and the Garo Hills District.
KSU Jowai Circle Leaders who were sworn in are Samla Ioanis Suchiang President, Ewanmi Phawa Vice President, Phraki Hawni Thubru General Secretary, , Jespar War Asst Education Secy, Banshanlang Laloo Publicity Secy, Leadermi Rymbai Asst Publicity Secy, Treki Bang Sport Secy, Kyntumiki Lytan Asst Sport Secy, Tyrshain Dkhar Office Secy, Rimiki Kharsyntiew Asst Office Secy, Pdianglang Finance Sengsha Sengsha, Frede Finance and all members.
All government offices, revenue, magisterial courts and educational institutions within the boundary of West Jaintia Hills District have been ordered to remain closed on this day.
The Vice President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Fredrick Kharmawphlang has announced that 14 political parties have decided to extend the curfew in the state. Night from tomorrow.
The Union of Village Youth Societies (SSSS) Shillong City sends its best wishes to all the youth of Bri u Hynniewtrep and the state as a whole who are taking various examinations for the year 2024 from SSLC, HSSLC and other other.
Harriet Tubman, a noblewoman, said, "I have freed thousands of slaves. I would have been able to free thousands more if only my people had known that they were slaves.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has confirmed that 7 cases have recovered from the disease today, 47 cases are still in critical condition and 8 cases are in hospital for treatment. .
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has received four Chief Executive Members since the beginning of the Assembly elections on 08 October Adelbert Nongrum, Mr. Pynshngianlang Syiem and Mr. HS Shylla that his term expires in June
At the same time, the government has estimated that the expenditure for this fiscal year will reach T.22,022 crore, Revenue Expenditure will be T.17,187 crore and Capital Expenditure will be T.17,187 crore. T.4,836 crore, excluding the repayment of T.988 crore.
Thakimagiri Secondary School, Phulbari has sent 18 students, Sabakhthani Secondary School, Musniang Rim has sent 5 students, Resubelpara Govt.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Shillong City has strongly condemned the union.
The inability of the government to implement the MHIS means that this government cannot work.
“We have worked on the idea of ​​Antyodayaka, which means the empowerment of all people, and we have considered this work important,” he said. The banking sector, which is more than the population of the United States, is brought under the banking sector with 135 million people.
The meeting is aimed at attracting people from other parts of the world to invest in the region.
They were taken to the Lower District Court of CJM of Hojai today.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, HYC Mawlai Circle President Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh said that we are living in these days, when every resident of the village has to fight against the COVID-19 pandemic.
Speaking on the occasion, Deputy Director General Meghalaya, Vijay Kumar, Institute of Entrepreneurship, said that the reason for this is the lack of understanding from the villagers.
The Director said that the death toll has risen to 65 with the death of one person today.
On the other hand, the union will meet with the Food Inspector tomorrow to show the food containing lyngkhot bitor and demanded that the shop should be closed immediately. long a blessing to the people.
Shillong, Naitung 3: U Bah Michel Kharsyntiew today distributed food items to 78 residents of Jail Road. housekeepers, snniuh, taxi drivers and market vendors.
Shillong Lajong Academy will represent India in the tournament which started today in China.
On the women's side, Garo Union School won the title with five gold and one bronze medals.
On this occasion, the sobenir of the school was also launched on the occasion of its 50th Anniversary.
The JAC Riwar Mihngi came to the meeting to demand the immediate repair of the Shillong-Dawki road which has been pending for many years.
All the members of the club attended the meeting.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: Police in the past 48 hours have seized T.8.24 lakh, 1952 liters of heroin, 15 grams of heroin and arrested seven accused persons. don kti in these illegal activities.
In the senior category, the winners were Aiborlang Singhli, Sunny Kumar Shah and Imran Khan.
You are not happy.
He allegedly fell from the roof of the house but there were no injuries to his head but his bones were broken. When his parents asked him whether he fell or how he broke his head, “When asked whether he was shot by his fellow soldiers, he said yes, yes,” said Victor Talukdar, Deputy Secretary General of the All India Chakma Social Forum.
On this occasion, Scientist Dr SK Das gave a training to the fishermen of this area by explaining how to raise fish so that it will be of benefit to other fishermen so that it is also a source of income.
During the meeting, the Rangbah Shnong said that the village has decided to work together with the family to support them during this time of crisis. trouble.
Prestone said the government has given the authority to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to take a decision if there is a need to declare more containment areas. the authorities of the District Administration to do whatever is necessary.
However, the announcement of Sardar Patel's resignation on 5th November 1947 did not mean that the Hima did not want to be in India.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) in a statement today strongly condemned the Fire Service of Jowai Police Station for its stingy counting of the work in which many shops were destroyed by a tree trunk in Shnongphramer West. Jaintia Hills on 25/11/2013 at noon, the Fire Service has arrived too late.
Tura, November 11: GNLA militants today attacked Meghalaya Police at two places in Garo Hills, injuring one policeman and their press office. In East Garo Hills, GNLA militants opened fire on South Garo Hills Police at Nangalbibra at about 11.30 pm.
The BSF chief also spoke to the villagers after the opening ceremony.
When contacted by the Assistant Director of the NC, it was confirmed that it is true that the NC office in charge of the ethnic groups has already decided to move to Guwahati. The office has been moved to Guwahati on the grounds that it is the center of the entire region.
The Expenditure Department, through OM No.1/1/2024-E-II(B) dated 12.03.2024, has issued a directive to increase the Dearness Allowance from 46% to 50%. Basic payment from 1st July,
There have been 392 recoveries in the state today, bringing the total number of recoveries to 44,4
: Police of the Anti Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) East Khasi Hills with the assistance of Umpling Village Authority on Tuesday arrested two drug traffickers identified as Wantei Manbha Lyngdoh, Freddy Bantei Dhar, 29, was arrested.
Shillong, Lber 20: The National People's Party (NCP) today led by State President Saleng Sangma together with party officials met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and the Minister of Home Affairs. The state and the party have sent a letter to the National Investigation Agency (NIA) to send an inquiry into the murder of Jonathone N Sangma.
The BSF aims to encourage the youth and instill a spirit of patriotism, national unity in them and encourage them to contribute to the development of a country and border areas.
“We have to show that we young people are no longer afraid and can no longer dominate us.
In the immediate aftermath, police raided a house in Lumpariang, where the gold was taken, and seized Indian rupees worth T.3.96 crore, which is believed to be the money from the sale of the gold. gold.
Maligaon, Nailur 01: The Northeast Frontier Railway has decided to operate two railway stations from November 2013 onwards.
On the other hand, he urged the people to maintain the environment and keep the places clean not only in this festival but in other parts of the state.
Before the Rot, there was a fight over the Dieng Bhang which was like a game between the two groups of the Raij Tuberneng and the phangwah.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The rapid increase in the number of drug users in Shillong and Guwahati has led to the treatment of drug addicts in the past few years. I opened a hospital in Guwahati.
Amit Shah promised that the Government will take all measures to protect all the communities in the state.
Nongpoh, June 11: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) CentralZone together with the Nongpoh Circle today took a good step in providing better services to the community. On this occasion, the organization distributed mosari to the patients living at Shantivan in Nongpoh.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: Replying to a question raised by George B Lyngdoh on the construction of the Dwar Khsuid Bridge, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, said that the bridge has not been built yet. the dewbilat bridge will be temporarily constructed with a steel bridge for traffic.
Speaking to reporters, Bah KS Rani President, HYNF Western Region, after visiting the shop, expressed his regret over the destruction of the shop and the injury to the visitors. don't drink in this shop.
Jambor War MDC and other speakers were Baindingstar L Nonglait, SI Nongrang, Nobestar Syiem, A Nongbri. ADC of EWKH District, John Lyngdoh.
In this budget, the CEM said that the expenditure for the year 2013-2-14 will be T.88,22.39,630/- and the revenue will be T.88,2 020/- and the KHADC will receive only T.27610.
At this meeting, the government has decided that all the deceased should perform their last rites before 2 pm. This order will apply throughout the state.
There are 55,189 students who will write the Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate examination while 3812 students who will write the Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate examination include 3812 students who will sit for the Science stream, 2440 students who will write the Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate examination. 27,783 candidates will participate in the ARTS stream and a total of 34,335 candidates will participate.
The NPP is currently in power in two District Councils in JHADC and GHADC and in KHADC it has worked with the UDP. Shillong, Lber 23: The Meghalaya State Skills Development Society (MSDC) today held an exhibition and purchase of products made in Meghalaya at The State Central Liberty was inaugurated by the Chief Secretary of the State, RV Suchiang.
In Baghmara, the Minister of Electricity, AT Mondal unfurled the flag and in the competition, the Soil and Water Conservation Office, the DCIC and the Agriculture and Farmers' Welfare won the first and second prizes. bad square.
Other NPP leaders who attended the election campaign for the party candidate Martin M Danggo were Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister in the State Government, State President of Dr WR Kharlukhi and other party leaders.
The purchase of these machines will be at a very reasonable price for the benefit of the farmers.
In the final match between Maweitnai Sports Club and Mawpynthih Sports Club, the match was more interesting in which the best players of Maweitnai Sports Club through Traswell Sohtun won the title. The players of Mawpynthih Sports Club didn't have a chance to score the first goal of the match until the last minute of the second half. They were able to score these 3 goals.
The articles taught in the minor schools at that time were those that had been translated into Khasi from short articles from the religious books they had brought.
The AICC chief will start meeting with Congress leaders in the state from 1 pm and will return to Guwahati at 5 pm. The Congress party has said that there will be no meeting with the party MLAs.
It is true that the HSPDP has a strong foundation but when we look at the leaders it is much weaker.
Santiniketan Kala Bhavan Praktoni has signed a social petition with the Riti Academy of Visual Arts, Shillong for the distribution of photography in the state. information and knowledge on photography through competitions to be held jointly in Shillong and elsewhere in India.
New Delhi, June 03: The Central Government has amended the rules for journalists in view of the increasing number of fake news published in various media outlets.
The consumption of cigarettes and beer is about 54.2 per cent of the population.
In the BJP, there are still Hindus from Bangladesh rather than the indigenous people of Ri Khasi.
The discussion at this meeting was on the topic for the 2021 census.
He congratulated the students who took part in the Youth Parliament and took the lead.
Bah Dkhar said that although the government has started to do this, the four organizations will not hesitate but will continue to follow up on this. The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District has decided to repair the road whether it is beneficial to them or not. over the past few days.
Shillong, July 28: On 28th July 2023, KSU Sengkmie President Lambokstarwell Marngar, who was the chief guest, inaugurated the three-day Maitshaphrang Inter Dong Football Knockout Tournament organized by KSU Mawlai.
The Chief Guest said that knowledge and understanding is a part of man and also a wealth that no one can destroy. Therefore, he urged the students of this school to work hard to reach. you can clear your kanam.
According to the police, the drugs seized from 70 boxes of soap are worth Rs 5 crore.
He said that the Minister has promised to send traffic police to Mawlai Mawdatbaki village where there are many roads and also to help relieve traffic jam in Mawlai as a whole. .
Shillong, Nailar 13: The Cabinet meeting held today has decided to ban traders whose turnover does not exceed T.20 lakh. Speaking to media after the Cabinet meeting, he said that this decision was taken in accordance with the decision of the GST Council of the Union Government and it will work. not since June 2015.
However, this year, the work of digging and erecting paia has started in front of the parking lot. How did the SMB give permission to build? shops in this area even in the midst of this lockdown.
This is according to a statement sent by Ferdinand M Marshillong, President of the Federation and Ibadalin Kharbuli, General Secretary.
Shillong, July 29: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma.
However, the Khasi language has grown and developed to what it is today, but it has been decided to include any characters required in the village languages ​​from some areas.
“The Executive Committee has decided not to take part in the Lok Sabha elections because the Government has not done anything.
Tarcius Dkhar said that after the end of his term as Rangbah Shnong in 2022, the Dorbar was held to elect a new Rangbah Shnong but the Sordar who conducted the dorbar refused to do so. Therefore, the election will have to be postponed.
The petition was submitted to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills, Bah E Kharmalki by the President of the EJNC-Chief Minister Unit, Bah Lektor Dkhar on the basis of requesting and suggesting to the Government to reopen the houses. Many within the district and the state as a whole.
Shillong, Lber 29: The Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, Isawanda Laloo, on Tuesday directed all the Village Ministers of the district to inform the Village Ministers if any village is facing difficulties in getting foodgrains. offices will do what is necessary.
His visit to Meghalaya was to inspect the work and strengthen the border security with Bangladesh which provides border security.
At a meeting held at Umroi, the office bearers were confirmed by the leaders of the party.
Those who wish to purchase these cows can arrive on the 24th of this month at the appointed time and place.
Regarding the Meghalaya Safety and Security Act, which has been passed by the state government, the CoHSO does not accept it because it does not contain these three provisions if the government introduces these three provisions. Under this Act, it is sufficient to prevent the entry of foreigners.
He suggested the Power Department to ensure that the DISCOMs provide information on their performance from time to time so that the people know how their DISCOMs are performing compared to others.
On these grounds, the Seng said that the Laskein CRD Block deserves to be upgraded to improve the service delivery to the people of the area especially to the villages on the border.
The group led by Pradyot Bikram Kishore Debbarma and more than 15,000 youths gathered at Astabol to demand that the government should change the name. as it is set.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) through its Education Cell today met with the Secretary to the Education Department, Shri Ambrose Ch Marak, IAS. on pressing issues faced by students.
Meanwhile, at Mawbidong, the Lower Primary School run by the Presbyterian Church, Plaspingroy Shangdiar, Secretary, passed BA, Bah Habanjopjune Shangdiar MA and Batriti Marwein Class XII. The RTI request is not only from the school, but also from the office of the DMC of South West Khasi Hills District. The Minister of State for Education, Deborah Marak, said that the government has not done anything till date.
At the same time, the union has warned other mobile network companies like Vodafone, Airtel and BSNL not to suspend or disrupt their networks from time to time.
“The non-implementation of this agreement has caused unrest among the Khasi people and therefore they continue to hold protests and continue to fight on the path of democracy,” he added.
Shillong, Naitung 23: The BSF troops on the border with Bangladesh, in a statement, said that the cows seized from the border after being handed over to them Customary to do whatever the smugglers go to buy cattle.
Shillong, Nailur 30: All the candidates for the mid-term MLA elections from the 26-Shella (ST) Assembly Constituency have filed their nomination papers. INC, Joshua Warjri, BJP, Mosjo Rockefeller Wanswet PDF and Grace Mary Kharpuri IND. on the third day of this month.
The PWD in 2013 before the MLA elections had called a tender for the repair of this road from Mawphlang to Balat at a cost of Rs 12 crore, but so far only the stones have been seen. the work has not yet begun.
Therefore, the media is essential to ensure that there is a clear platform for debate and participation in discussions.
An elderly man identified as Bah Salbinus Dhar alias Bah Chiang has committed suicide after being seriously injured in a shooting incident by Khar Bangladeshis on Sunday. Rahul Pohtam of Lumsohski village, who accompanied Bah Chiang to Bri kwai, survived on Saturday at Lamasaki village, East Jaintia Hills, about 500 meters from the BSF camp. said the robbers who attacked these two men while they were inside the Bri on this day to guard the Bri.
“The State of Meghalaya has taken a step towards providing electricity to 4 lakh households through Jal Jeevan Mission Functional Household Tap Connections (FHTCs).
This is the first time that the band has come to India to perform.
Therefore, the Dorbar Shnong Umkiang, urges the authorities of the company to dismiss these foreigners who are its employees and urged the police to arrest and punish these foreigners according to the The law will prevent other foreign workers from taking orders to shoot or kill people.
The union also said that at this time we all have the right to work together without discrimination so that we can fight against the shortage of food and to fight especially against the spread of this disease. JSU Jowai Circle General Secretary Wansalan Dame Patwet said that the country's economy is experiencing a slowdown.
Kubma said that to deliver food items to the villages below this road, you have to go only from Mawkyrwat to Ranikor but there is no other road because it is impossible to go from Hat Mawdon because there is no bridge over the Khasiamara River.
The death toll has risen to
ODOP Sampark provides an opportunity to showcase different parts of Meghalaya and the uniqueness of the districts.
She was surprised to see that most of the election campaign meetings were held in the market places and said that the people in the rural areas are smarter to listen because they sit and stand for many hours to listen to the election campaigners. I don't know if you're going to win the election.
Shillong, Lber 26: The residents of Dira village under Sohiong Hima today sent a letter to the CEM of KHADC, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne and the EM in charge of Elaka Affairs, Bah Jambor. War on the violation of the customs of Dira by the Lyngdoh Sohiong.
They were brought through Dawki.
The donation was handed over to the Chief Minister by the Additional Chief Secretary RV Suchiang in the presence of other officers of the party.
These village leaders said that there are 28 villages under the Dorbar Diengiei which urgently need to get a good road to facilitate traffic and colour.
The party also congratulates Bah Adelbert Nongrum, MDC Jaiaw on this issue.
The Khasi Student Union and others led the protest this year.
In another incident, Sub Inspector Y.Challam and his team have been able to remove trees that have fallen on light poles in Tpeppale village where a tree has fallen and fallen on electricity poles. This was done in collaboration with MeECL officials and the Forest Department.
The Chief Guest also distributed Certificates of Appreciation to the officers and employees of the CBIC and partner groups such as the Assam Rifles and Border Security Force in recognition of their work.
This landmark event marks the first time a film from Meghalaya, India, has achieved such widespread distribution in French cinemas, highlighting a significant milestone in the global recognition of Garo cinema.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Lakhmen Rymbiu said that the meeting held today did not discuss anything except that they elected a leader and unanimously elected Bah Metbah. With the death of Dr Donkupar Roy, the party has lost a leader, but as a party that has to move forward to serve the state and the nation, the party has lost a leader. In his speech, Bah Metbah said that due to the passing away of Dr Donkupar Roy, Bah Matbah has been appointed as the Leader of the PP of the UDP. The Parliamentary Party (PPP) has met today to elect a new leader.
" said Bah MH Dkhar.
The President of the UDP, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, delivered a speech to the youth of the party. The General Secretary of the party was also present. Dr. Jemino Mawthoh and other party officials were also present.
On the other hand, President Samla Arristone said that this is only the beginning and from now on the union will continue to conduct such raids on foreign workers in the country. various places within the jurisdiction of the circle.
Speaking to SP News Agency, many of the elders said that the law should not be discriminatory because all the roads are equal.
On 11 November 2014, the Permanent Representative of India presented the draft resolution in the United Nations General Assembly.
Debu Lyngdoh, Joint Secretary, Department of Law and State Government and Dr. Ravi Kant Mishra, Associate Professor, Department of Law, NEHU.
No one else has responsibility for that section of the road now.
Therefore, the legal question is how the Government can implement the roster system without the Roster Register.
However, the implementation in all the states of India will be discussed at the meeting.
“While I was talking on the phone on the ground floor of Umsning, a few minutes after I stood up, a stone fell near my head,” said Kong Macdalyne. Therefore, I am surprised especially for my mother, even in the fields (lajong) there is no more happiness.
However, the existence of the railway in Garo Hills has brought about many changes in economic development and income.
Work started before 2010 and the Forest Department wanted to complete the state zoo in 2011 but now in 2016, no signs have been seen that the state zoo has been completed. keeping animals separate will be done.
The KSU will not allow any of these leaders to leave Ri Khasi for 10 days.
The collection of revenue from non-tribal holders of labor service license has resumed with the appointment of Bah Donkupar Sumer as EM in charge of the Labor Department.
This decision of the government has been welcomed by all the political parties in the state.
Shillong, Sept 03: “We have demanded an independent investigation by the court into the shooting death of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew at the hands of the police. “If you have an independent investigation into this incident, you should understand that there is an incident that has been said to be a fake encounter,” he said.
The Archbishop of Shillong Diocese, Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh, has renamed the CMC Mawiong Parish as “Mary the Queen of the Holy Rosary”. The Parish Priest of Mawlai Parish, Rev. Fr. Telesphor Nonglang and other Priests.
He said that the party's manifesto has a special issue to fight against corruption in JHADC. in JHADC it happens and continues to happen from time to time.
They demanded an immediate stop to the land grabbing in these areas and demanded an immediate investigation. However, till 4 pm, the DC did not give any reply.
The order of the court should be sent by a special messenger to inform the judge of the District Court.
There is a deficit of about 3200 teachers in the state. They have demanded that the government should not accept the provincialisation but the government has not accepted.
The KSU also urged the Legislative Assembly to discuss the issue of establishing the Central Agricultural University in Kyrdemkulai which has been suspended since
This decision was taken after I had consulted with many elders, women and especially the youth on this issue, because they too see the same need and that is the “I have changed my mindset to lead the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council,” he said in a statement.
Shillong, July 24: U Minister of Housing, Marcuise Marak today said that corrugated aluminum sheets are more durable than corrugated galvanized sheets. iron sheet.
Also present on the occasion were the Symbud Myntri Rangbah Sniawbhalang Dhar, Government Ministers Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, Marcuise N Marak, Umroi MLA Damanbait Lamare, MDC Rangkynsai Kharbuki and officers of the PHE Department and Shillong Municipal Board.
The training is affiliated with NEHU, Shillong.
“The Minister said that the Government has taken the money for the benefit within the rules of the Central Government and has implemented it in many schemes and benefits that the people of the state have received.
According to the information received, three houses have been destroyed in Mawbidong, three in Manad, one in Lummawbah, two in Mawpud and one in Mawpud. in Sarin village and one in Mawkhalidngap village and about 70 residents have been affected.
Shillong, July 28: The government has appointed an independent inquiry team to clarify the allegations as the government wants to provide a clean service, said the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma. K Branch.
The ILP is like a sword that can be used by law against illegal immigrants with the intention of invading us the indigenous people in our State.
They had a thorough discussion on many topics and also discussed how to get cooperation in sports activities.
It is the center of the Khasi Hills.
The Seng urges all the Members around the Khasi Jaintia Hills to think carefully in their workplaces and villages to ensure that there should be no person who especially for foreigners to enter our country and also to cooperate with the Village Authorities to expel such people through the SLO of the Seng.
The areas under the jurisdiction of Lumdiengjri Police Station are Jaiaw, Mawkhar, Umsohsun, Riatsamthiah, Wahingdoh, Mission, Mawprem, Sunny Hill, Cantonment, Mawlong Hat. go to Cantonment Beat House.
The department will hold Zonal Conferences with the States and UTs in Chandigarh (June 2), Bengaluru on June 4, Guwahati on June 10, Mumbai on June 12 and Bhubaneswar on June
The GoC Delhi Area will lead the Prime Minister to the venue with various troops along with police.
In another incident, BSF seized sarees worth T.22 lakh from East Khasi Hills District when the smugglers saw them. They threw their clothes into the forest and fled to escape from the hands of the BSF. The seized clothes were handed over to the Custom.
The Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik, has expressed his condolences on the passing away of Bah JD Rymbai. In a message of condolence, he said that the former Chief Minister is a true man to work for the people, he prayed that God will grant him eternal rest.
Speaking to reporters at the BJP office, Bah Lyngdoh said that Gogoi was very quick to inform the party and not to inform Nalin to arrange. The day will be held in Meghalaya.
“said Satly Ryngkhlem and Glitter Rymbai, Waheh Shnongs of these two villages.
On the other hand, the MLA of Ranikor Block, on receiving this information from the people of Ranikor Block, left for the area this morning. It is estimated that more than 1000 houses have been destroyed in this tragic incident.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has confirmed 1471 deaths from COVID-19 in the state today. District 998 cases, West Jaintia Hills 135 cases.
Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh also congratulated all the teachers of Church of God Secondary School, Nongjrong who have worked tirelessly to improve the future of the students. shlem to shape the future of children.
Those who took part did not hesitate even though the insurgents called for a curfew.
The Prime Minister urged the people to follow the government's guidelines in the fight against covid-1
Shillong, Naitung 17: The United Democratic Party (UDP) which has five MLAs in the Legislative Assembly today has reduced the number of MLAs to nine. The MLA of Mawthadraishan Constituency was not present in the state.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The Secretary to the Ministry of Tourism, V Vidyavathika, on Tuesday said that the development of tourism in the North East should take into account the uniqueness of the region.
Dikseng A.Sangma has requested anyone who has seen these three to inform on
Dr Shyam said that there is no scheme from the central or state government in this regard, but this is the wish of the Institute to encourage the youth. This is the first time in the East that they have received this most important education in this age.
“I want these activities to be transparent and orderly for the benefit of the residents of Mawkynrew Constituency as a whole,” said Bah Banteidor.
Roshan said the government has taken action on this issue and the Prime Minister on receiving information that Assam is coming to clear the border at Khanpara has urgently convened a meeting of the Cabinet on the same day. and was able to stop and the conversation continues today.
In the evening, an Environmental Awareness Program was held in which speeches were delivered by Bah HS Kharpran, Divisional Soil & Water Conservation Officer, Bah V.Nianglang, Sub Divisional Officer. , Sohra and I Bah KJ Lyngdoh, OSD Meghalaya State Legal Services Authority.
“We strongly condemn this illegal act of the Assam police and the illegal arrest of these four men, and we would like to ask the Meghalaya government, where are those police battalions that used to be in Mukroh who provided protection? Hamarbamut Muskut, President of the KSU Mukroh Unit, said:
He said that there is a fact that as a party we have the right to inform the BJP people if there are any schemes for the state. information to the public and should be used properly and not misused.
The scheme will continue as usual, the government will send the money to those training centers in the form of grant.
When bringing in a new job, you have to remove the old one and build a new one. In the beginning there will be problems here and there but it will go smoothly. the good of the country.
She said that if the Government calls for talks, the Union leaders are ready to go to the negotiating table.
Shillong, March 18: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today approved the proposal of the CEM, Bah PN Syiem to set up a special committee to look into the report of the CAG. After the House has accepted the recommendation, the Executive Committee will submit the proposal to the House tomorrow morning. This is a special committee.
The Sein Raij Mukh would like to express its gratitude to those who have been involved in various activities for the smooth running of the behdeinkhlam.
The delegation was led by Greaterson Nongsiang, President KSU Nongtynniaw Unit and other leaders of the unit.
For those students who stayed in the hostel because they did not get a ticket to return to their homes, they were allowed to stay but they had to send their application by email through the supervisor. their.
The Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pim Ainam Syiem, who was present at the ceremony, said that he thanked God for giving him the opportunity since the beginning of the ceremony. Mylliem and this is the hope of the Mylliem Hima.
He said that it is the best plan of the government.
Speaking to one of the publishers who used to publish the school books of the MBOSE, they expressed their surprise at this action of the MBOSE, because it will take time to publish the books soon. at least 6 weeks until reaching booksellers.
Criticizing the Government, the union leader said, “The Government has spent money but to talk for the sake of building the future of those who have become addicted to alcohol is wrong.
Speaking at the opening of the exhibition, the Governor said that it is there so that the visitors can see and know what happened at that time.
Appealing to the ASHA workers to stop their strike and come to the negotiating table, the Minister said, “To demand your rights by abandoning your duties is impossible. faithful to receive.
Vs.
He said that the people should allow the railway to run only if there are strict laws.
There have been 199 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 109 from West Khasi Hills and 23 from West Khasi Hills. there are 78267 people.
This was announced by Mr. SS Sari who is also the Joint Secretary of the Sengkhihlang Samla.
The JAC demanded the removal of the incumbent Lyngdoh of Sohiong Hima for allegedly handing over Nongwah Mawtamur to the Jirang Hima. This is what they have done.
Speaking to reporters, CEM of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Singh Syiem, said that after the survey, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Singh Syiem, said that after the survey, On the other hand, the KHADC has convened a special meeting with the village leaders.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: The Deputy Commissioner of Supply, East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat, on Tuesday issued a warning to all traders to sell food and beverages and medicines to the public as usual without any hesitation. you rule them.
Others who attended the training were MN Nampui, Labor Commissioner, Dr. Onkar Sharma, VVGiri National Labor Institute. be the explainer to the participants of this training.
“If I take politics as a business, I can say that it is a combination with exploitation,” he said.
Speaking on the occasion, Conrad Sangma said that the New Shillong Water Supply Scheme will be one of the largest projects funded by the State Government and one of the most well thought out projects. .
He said that in the past after completing their studies they were qualified to teach, but now to become teachers they have to train themselves in other studies and this has taken up the time of the teachers. they.
This agreement is the beginning of the path of progress and the achievement of a sustainable future, a cause that India has supported for centuries.
On the other hand, the KSU leaders have decided to talk to the Education Department of the State Government regarding the demand to increase the number of seats in the College as at present there are only 32 pieces.
In this regard, the Meghalaya government is preparing to introduce a rule regarding the meat harvesting industry in the state and they are now seeking the opinion of the government's supply department in this regard. and when it is completed, it must be approved by the Cabinet.
: The Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) candidate Robertjune Kharjarin on Tuesday said that only the ethnic political parties can speak out on the issues of the people of the state in the right manner.
The deadline for receipt of application forms is 30th June 2018 till 5 pm.
All the people who come and go must wear masks, those who violate the rules will be punished according to the law.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah John Kharshiing said that it is an honor for the state that these girls and boys have brought fame to the state in many fields.
In his speech, the Minister stressed the importance of marketing the fish produced in Meghalaya. Unfortunately, the fish was bought from Meghalaya and when it was sold, it was sold back to Meghalaya. this state at a low price.
Shillong, Nailur 26: The North East Forum for Indigenous Peoples (NEFIP) a synrop of more than 250 political parties in the North East led by the Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (CoMSO) has held a meeting on The first meeting of the Central Executive Council was held on 25.09.2019 in Kohima, Nagaland.
Instead of removing the Champion, the government has removed the DG Prison.
Welcoming the seminar, AK Jain, DDG (Compliance), DoT, North East LSA, Shillong, said, “The DoT monitors the production of EMF by towers across India and ensures that they contain the EMF. condition.
Referring to the employees, the Minister said that the government will not dismiss them but they will remain in office because they are already in office. 108 government is monitoring, the guarantee is that there will be no evictions.
Shillong, July 17: The FKJGP Mawlai Circle today met with the Minister of State for Rural Development, Bah Prestone Tynsong.
“5G is the beginning of endless opportunities.
He said that the party will intensify its campaign to arrest drug users around Shillong in the coming days.
Reports from Raj Bhavan Shillong, said that this is the second time that this disease has come to the Raj Bhavan as last month 28 people tested positive and out of these 23 people have recovered. but now it is coming again.
Shillong Lajong FC's victory in this tournament has taken them to fourth place in the points table with 16 points.
Speaking to reporters after stepping down, Congress MLAs Rowell Lyngdoh and Prestone Tynsong said they have nothing against the Congress party.
Jowai, July 04: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) in a statement today through Samla Emperor Bareh General Secretary, has expressed its opposition to the Entrance Examination of the State Government conducted through the Director of Health Service (DHS). ) for those students who wish to study MBBS, BDS, who enter through the State Reservation/Quota for the students of our state.
In his speech as the chief guest, the Deputy Commissioner of Eastern Khasi Hills District, Bah W. Nongsiej congratulated the office of the District Social Welfare Officer for organizing the event. celebration of this special day.
On this occasion, the House also held a memorial service for the late MDC of Mawkyrwat, Bah Endro Iawphniaw. He was an MDC from 1967 to 1972 and an MLA. He was a member of the HSPDP from 1978 to
With this, the BSF has helped the poor families a lot.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: The Minister in charge of District Council Affairs, James K Sangma today convened a meeting of the three District Councils in the state to discuss the amendment of the AD Rules. for as it is now, there are many shortcomings.
Many of the employees in GHADC as women understand this problem.
On the other hand, the NCCI urged the government not to use Operation Green Hunt to bring peace in the area. Dr Hrangthan Chhungi, Executive Secretary, Commission on Adivasis and Tribals, said that the country's economy is experiencing a slowdown.
Tongper said that according to the CAA, 2019, the purpose of the CAA is to protect those who have been tortured in Bangladesh, Pakistan and Afghanistan. these countries.
Life cannot be judged solely by the pain of losing such people but we can understand this clearly by looking at the impact on the lives of all people and the days to come.
On the issue of rural traders, the Deputy Commissioner said that the Magistrates ensure that all the vehicles that come to buy goods should not return empty-handed to their villages.
He urged the students of this school to become people who have that spirit of thinking together in the community.
The scheme includes 10,700 Regional Level Tourist Guides recognized by the Ministry of Tourism, Government of India, Tourist Guides recognized by State and UT Governments and about 1,000 recognized Travel and Tourism Stakeholders (TTS). by the Ministry of Tourism.
This morning, the marathon was held at Umsning C&RD Block which started at 7 pm and started from Nongjri Stadium, Umsning to Sohpdok. this is the field.
To improve the cleanliness of the market, it was also decided to increase the number of toilets, and it was strictly prohibited for people to stay and make their homes inside the market.
We, as a country, have faced many challenges but our Constitution has helped us to overcome these challenges.
The number of people infected with the disease has increased in recent years.
The robbery of Harku Thapa inside UCO Bank on 6.10.2016 in which they looted T.50000 tyngka, has prompted the police to intensify the investigation. to arrest these people today.
For those who have lost their jobs without registering with the government, T.700 tyngka per day for 1.8 lakh people has reached T.38.1 crore.
Unfortunately, in both the 1985 and 2003 amendments, the legislators in Parliament did not remember to enact the Act in all the District Councils or Sixth Schedule areas. It is believed that the people still hold the word to respect their foundation and they did not need this law.
In his speech, Prime Minister Duh said that from 1st November 2022, India will host the G-20 Summit and said this is an opportunity for the country.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The authorities in charge of the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Girls HSS Mission Compound today called a meeting to discuss the issue of the school after the fire. It completely destroyed the school building.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has reported 9 deaths from the disease, 7 from East Khasi Hills, 6 from South West Khasi Hills. Hills 1, West Khasi Hills 2 cases, the total number of deaths has risen to 1278 so far.
The Prime Minister, who arrived at Walbakgre Polling Station at 6:30 pm, had to wait for his turn to fulfill his duty to elect the leader from Tura Parliamentary Seat.
“There have been many applications although the building has not been completed but I would like to say that up to more than 1000 youths who have completed their studies will be able to get jobs,” he said.
This will also apply to other posts related to the postponed examination.
Dr Badaplin said in her letter that she needs an authority that can be recognized by the law enforcement authorities to decide on the spelling of da in Khasi.
KSU Jaiaw Circle urges and informs all the residents of the village to apply for the necessary documents from foreigners such as work permit, police verification from the place where they come to verify that They have permission to do any work according to the stipulated time and as the people we need to be vigilant and monitor the entry and exit of foreigners who come into our villages to avoid any problems that will arise in the future.
How the MUDRA Yojana works? Under the PMMY, Member Lending Institutions (MLIs) such as Scheduled Commercial Banks, Regional Rural Banks (RRBs) and Small Finance Banks (SFBs) have been opened to borrow up to T.10 lakh. , Non Banking Financial Company (NBFC), Micro Finance Institution (MFI) and others.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Allan Dkhar said that the UDP is confident of winning many seats in the current election.
The Meghalaya State Planning Board, Working Group-3 was convened and conducted by Mr. John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MSPB, in the presence of Mr. Adolf Hitler R Marak, Mr. John F Kharshiing, Mr. Fersen Ch. Momin, Shri Francis PR Sangma, Co-Chairman, Shri Grithalson Arengh, Dr Manash Das Gupta, Dr (Kong) Eureka Lyngdoh, Deputy Chairman, and Shri KN Kumar, IAS, Principal Secretary, C&RD, Shri.Akash Deep, IAS, Director, C&RD, Smt.
Referring to the Cabinet meeting, the Chief Minister said he did not want to say anything as the mid-term elections have been announced in the three Assembly Constituencies. state of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: The total number of confirmed cases of COVID-19 in Meghalaya today has risen to 109, 51 from East Khasi Hills, 42 from West Garo Hills and 42 from West Garo Hills. In Bhoi, 4, South Garo Hills 4, East Garo Hills 3, East Jaintia Hills 2, North Garo Hills 1, South West Garo Hills 1 and West Khasi Hills 1, the total number of cases is
Participants came from Sikkim, Darjeeling, West Bengal, Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland, Manipur, Assam and Meghalaya. .
“New jobs can only come when we walk in new paths,” said Prime Minister Duh. He said that the new India is achieving new goals and taking them. new ways.
It is for this reason that since October this year, MSSASA has been talking from time to time with the education department of the state government to discuss the new salary.
However, the union urges the DC to take action to preserve the beauty of Wah Lukha especially when in Wah Myntdu, a few years ago, they banned the worship of idols.
At this meeting, it was also decided to amend the Financial Rules Services which was introduced in 1984. The purpose of this amendment is to empower the Financial Rules Services. u Director of Animal Husbandry to promote milk production in the state.
The Union Minister in charge of Parliamentary Affairs, senior officials of the Government of India and Leaders of political parties from across the country took part in the discussion.
Wanshan Buhphang recalled that they had been able to talk to the District Council when it introduced the Village Administration Bill to give them recognition under the bill, but all these have not succeeded. He praised the present EC under the leadership of Bah Pyniaid as CEM for being able to recognize them and also the parent organizations in the Dorbar Shnongs.
The Congress leader said that the party will contest in all 60 constituencies and the party will ensure that they win the 2023 elections as well. the Congress party.
HSPDP Hedarson Constituency, 2636.9-Nongjngi, Suklang Shylla IND, 2461.10-Mynsngat-Khanduli, INC, Stan IND, 2678.13-Saphai, Chanky Lyngdoh UDP, 4972.14-Mukaiaw, Winning Garland Synoh INC, 2511.15-Raliang, Bisonroy Lano IND, 1681.16-Shangpung, Kilometer Lytan INC,
For the MDC elections to be held this month, Bah Nongrum has decided to support the independent candidate, Bah MD Syiem.
Regarding the death of a person, the government has allowed only 20 people to attend and that too they have to get permission from the Deputy Commissioners of the districts, the Chief Minister said that the detailed information. the Deputy Commissioner shall issue the notices.
At this meeting, the CEO of Manipur said that more security has been requested to ensure the smooth running of the election. and those government officers who are involved should be dismissed immediately.
After completing the legal procedures, the body was placed at the morgue at the Civil Hospital where anyone can see and use the body, police said.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle is once again proud of the election of Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang, President of the FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle. The Government of Delhi through the Ministry of Youth Affairs & Sports, Govt.
The Games went on smoothly even though a downpour was also occurred.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Deputy Commissioner of the district, Bah W Khyllep, said that he has already directed all the government departments which have their own offices in the district to decorate the offices on this day.
Boko, Nailur 26: Allegations of corruption in the Meghalaya agriculture department have become public after farmers in Boko area of ​​Garo Hills discovered the scheme of the branch manager of SBI Bank. which is located in Luke in Boko.
He also spoke on the empowerment of women in India and the economic development led by women along with their participation in financial services through Jan Dhan Accounts which the world can see through the India has won the G-20 presidency.
Members of the union have investigated these people and these people could not produce their documents that they are Indian citizens. They came from Bangladesh.
Shillong, Nailur 15: The Minister in charge of Water Supply in Meghalaya, Bah Samlin Malngiang, today said that the government has requested an additional T.60 crore from the North Eastern Council for the completion of the project. The water pipes in Shillong are part of the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme Phase Three.
The OECD in its commentary, acknowledged that there cannot be a one-size-fits-all solution to implementation support and detailed implementation support measures made through by looking up Tax Inspectors Without Borders (TIWB).
The party has never taken part in any protests since the beginning. The BJP is part of the government and when any decision is taken by the government, the BJP supports it.
Deaths can also occur due to injuries caused by these monkeys.
Arun Singh, National General Secretary, issued a statement and sent a notice to the Meghalaya Chief Minister to remove Ernest Mawrie from the post of President.
Regarding the border issue, they said that this arrangement is completely wrong and demanded that the government should review the MoU signed by them, the killing of Bah Cheristerfiled Thangkhiew, the government did nothing.
If we believe that, we have already been enslaved by the BJP in the rule of law.
He urged the government to start the Aptitude and Logical Reasoning Department as a subject from schools.
Not only for the poor but also for Kong Chiarmon Dkhar, she is a very generous person in helping the Kur, Jaid, the village and also the society in many areas. you for sha you for.
Speaking as the chief guest at the 81st Anniversary of the Khasi Authors Society, he said that he would like to thank the Khasi Authors Society for organizing this event. to be together to celebrate this day.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister said that the college is still the same as when he visited it two years ago in 2008, it was accepted by the government but the college is not the same. There is no change in the college building.
In this regard, Meghalaya has not mentioned any preparations for export of agricultural products to India and Bangladesh is a neighboring country of Meghalaya. A meeting between the owners and buyers was held in Meghalaya, Shillong.
Bah Kharumniud said that as the Academy, we believe and hope that these two children will be able to play well to reach the goal.
This order will come into force immediately until 4.00 pm on 6th July.
The UGC said that the 24 universities are not recognized by the UDC and the public has been informed that they will be fraudulent and will not be able to issue any certificate at any level.
From the beginning of the road to the exit from this point you have to walk on wooden ladders and bamboo ladders and bamboo suspension bridges.
On the allegation that there is a light outage, the Minister said that the light outage is more than before if we take from 2010 to 2018, in 2020 there was no light outage and only in The problem faced by MeECL is that the government has not done what it promised and this is the reason why MeECL has failed. to pay T.844 crore to the employees.
The union will also send a letter to the Hima Mylliem and KHADC on this issue.
The winners received certificates and cash prizes of T.10,000/- for the gold medal winners, T.7500/- for the silver medal winners and T.5000/- for the silver medal winners. received the medal.
The Prime Minister said at X: “The increase in patent applications in India is a sign of the determination of the country's youth to innovate and this is a good sign for the future.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, RM Kurbah has enforced Section 144 CrPC which prohibits any group from holding a march or protest within 200 meters of the city. Meghalaya Secretariat, and Raj Bhavan Shillong.
The dorbar was inaugurated by the Minister of Rural Development, Bah Hamletson Dohlieng in the presence of Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, Chief Executive Member of KHADC. He said that the Hima Mylliem, KHADC and the Government have worked together to find the roads to evict the kharmetor from Iew Mawlong. this bag.
For the youth of Assam, it will be held on the 22nd and 23rd while for all the states of the North East will be held on the 24th. The selection test will be held on the 25th while the written test will be held on the 28th.
Thermonki Susngi of Nartiang Mudop and Diamond Dhar of Nartiang Mudop were arrested on Saturday. “The Dorbar Shnong led by the Waheh Shnong Bah Edward Shadap and the Secretary Shnong Bah Tisis Phira have approved the bill on April 2023 and June 5, Three persons including Bictor Dhar, Balen Dhar and Meloris Dhar were arrested.
Dr. Carl said that “when you see a person believes” the party will continue to conduct this training to the public to explain to the people to refrain from using fertilizers. medicine.
Police have urged the public to inform the following numbers: Superintendent of Police M/No.94363-3 -6539 and to the OC of Shallang
The Prime Minister also launched the new website of the Supreme Court.
“The interference of the FKJGP is only for the benefit of some people,” said the Rangbah Shnong. “Even the members or other office bearers of the FKJGP in Mawsynram, when we tried to investigate, they said that they have no knowledge of this.
He spoke about plant inspection, digitization of land records, drone spraying of pesticides and fertilizers which are now experiencing the increasing use of technology and digital technology,” he said.
Other media reports said that many of the UDP supporters have left the party and joined the Congress party to support Bah Jotin Kharkdewsaw in the mid-term MDC elections.
“We have done a pilot project in Ribhoi district and we will do it in other states,” he said.
All the members were sworn in by Peter S. Lawai, Asst.General Secretary, KSU Central Body.
The Seng has said that it will take strong action against those who play Benami in the future.
He said that the influx of people from Assam has allowed the thieves to steal kwai from the land of the people to sell to these people from outside the state.
During the meeting, the Minister said that she will invite all government departments to discuss the demands of the union as they do not fall under her jurisdiction.
The Minister said that it is necessary to explain to the Rangbah Shnongs, Shnong Leaders how to work and how as Rangbah Shnongs how to act in relation to the protection of women in the country. the village is created.
“Nowadays, you can easily find various information because you have the Internet which provides you with forty kinds of information,” he added.
On the other hand, the HNLC urges the law enforcement authorities to take action against this as the letter head is false and the perpetrator should not be arrested to conduct the peace talks. The party will also appoint Shynshar Khymdeit and Samuel Wahlang.
He gave an example of the suspension of the cultivation of siej which he said will increase the number of siej products produced by the indigenous people.
As a result, farmers of the state will be able to sell their produce to larger markets.
Most of the smuggled goods are cattle, kyiad, saree, gold and many other smuggled items from this country to Bangladesh and from Bangladesh to India.
Speaking to SP News Agency, u Bah Shylla said that when the people of the area came to meet him, he said that the area where he lives in Khliehriat still needs a lot of development works. , while the place does not fall under your jurisdiction.
Police have arrested the child and after the arrest they searched his house and found T.11,200 counterfeit money from his house at Dongkadiang Nongmynsong, Shillong.
The Governor of Meghalaya said that the unveiling of the statue of these three heroes of the state is not well known to the people of India, as many know only Tarun Ram Phukon who It is from Assam, but other freedom fighters are not familiar with the sword of this area.
Another issue that the BGB has put before the BSF is the smuggling of drugs from this country to Bangladesh especially the Yoba bullet. work together to fight against evil.
The purpose of the meeting was to discuss the contract of one of the foreigners in one of the departments of the hospital. and some that have not worked for many years.
However, the AIM does not mean to expel the British rule but has organized this program to expel the WHO which has left India, saying that it is a threat to the British rule. He said that the arrival of Bill Gates, one of the world's richest men, who also had a plan to buy the WHO, will destroy India.
The Seng would like to express that first of all, these people should not forget the incident ha Ichamati, Mawlong Elaka on the 28th June of this year when the Khar Benglai people came out with The villagers have lost the precious soul of a member of the Jaidbynriew, Bah Lurshai Hynniewta.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: The Governor of Meghalaya today said that for the information of the public, the letter submitted by Bah Madal Sumer from Jowai to demand the names of 17 persons The MLAs have been sent to the Election Commission of India under Article 192(1) of the Constitution which was received by the Office of the Governor on
Shillong, July 08 : The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya, Thomas A Sangma has recognized Congress MLA from Mylliem Constituency, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh as the Leader of the Opposition from 8th July This was announced by the Commissioner and Secretary of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Dr. Andrew Simon.
Shillong, Nailur 03: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today met with the Director General of Police, R Chandranathan to discuss the issue of Assam is on the National Register of Citizens.
At this meeting, he urged the KJWA to write to the government to translate the textbooks from Class A to college level into Khasi.
When will the KHADC authorities respond to the petitions we have put from the children of the thousands since 15 October 2019, 21 December 2020, and 15 December 2020 regarding the problems faced by the children of the thousands in relation to the Until today we have not received a single answer.
He said that there are still some areas that need to be resolved but the village authorities will resolve the issue so that the scheme can be completed by .
According to the report, in 2018-19, a farmer household in Meghalaya earned about T.29,348 per month while a farmer household in Punjab earned T.26,7
The CEC has set up a Cartaker Body to oversee the activities of the party. The members of the body include the two Vice Presidents of the Central Body, Nickson Kharkhrang, Munu Shakwa, Asst Genl.
Therefore, if we cannot control such people, it will be difficult to bring about cleanliness or to maintain it as it was in the past.
Latiplang Kharkongor, MDC, EM i/c KHADC Elaka, said that the KHADC has prepared a Bill to enact an Act on the Kur Dorbars to regulate the KURs because the Khasi people are based on the KURs. He said that he is ready to take part in such activities and he is happy that he has taken part in such activities since 2015, 2016, and now 2017, and he congratulated Bah John Kharshiing for continuing this. He encouraged that this work should spread throughout the Khasi Hills.
He also expressed his gratitude to the players who have played well until they won the MSL 2023 and also to the supporters and sponsors of the club.
Shillong, Lber 31: U Bah Moonlight Parait has been re-elected as the Chief Executive Member of the JHADC following the collapse of the Congress party in which three Congress MDCs have joined the UDP. According to sources, three Congress MDCs have left and joined the UDP and this has made the UDP 10 MDCs in the House. the meeting was attended by 30 people.
Finally, the Seng would like to thank all the residents who came to take part in the cleanliness drive.
When inquired, Biam alleged that the teacher did not appoint a replacement to teach in his place even after he left school.
They demanded that the CBI should investigate to find out the truth.
According to reports, due to the non-bailable warrant issued by the court, if the police do not find anyone, the police will issue a Red Corner Alert to all the suspects. state because it is now only an information to other states.
Shillong, Lber 09: Although the Congress has won 29 MLAs, the meeting in Delhi with the AICC leaders to take a decision is still ongoing. go ahead until this article is written.
The purpose of the union's Circle/Unit is to strengthen the fight against various issues and especially now that the union is demanding the implementation of the Inner Line Permit ILP. The Rangbah of Kynshi Village understood the principles and objectives of the party and came to join the party.
According to information received from the Treasury Office, the Government Printing Press does not send the shallans according to the request of the sellers. There is a shortage of shallan to sell to the public.
The Minister said that compared to other websites of the government this will be better than others if not the best, this website should provide services for 275 jobs. the public should do this sooner.
Tura, July 01: The West Garo Hills Officer Club on Tuesday honored the students who have passed the HSSLC and SSLC examinations.
“Ka AJYWO strongly condemns the committee appointed by the NGT on the 9th of last month which in fact should have fulfilled its duties as directed by the NGT. If this happens, it will be a blessing to the people of the state who live on coal.
The Quick Reaction Team of the Civil Defense and Home Guards, West Jaintia Hills District has evacuated the fallen trees from Khimusiang village, Jowai.
On behalf of the present Executive Committee, we would like to inform all the people that the Refugee Rehabilitation Colony has fallen under the Dorbar Shnong Rynjah.
As part of the Thoh Shun Art Camp 2023, the Riti Academy of Visual Arts has awarded a prize in the name of Ma S Quotient Sumer. Sumer Excellence Award 2023.
If the Parliament of India introduces the UCC, it will violate the separation of powers between the Central and State Governments as enshrined in the Constitution of India which is unacceptable,” she said. Establish.
In the 2015-2016 budget year, the allocation for the state was T.3370.84 crore, the state received T.3276.46 crore and the deficit in revenue was T.94.38 crore.
“We urge the Government to take immediate action to implement this school so that it will benefit the children of Ribhoi Sepngi,” he said.
Highlighting the progress in all sectors in the state, the Governor said, “connecting roads and roads is essential to build the future of the state.
Tura, Jymmang 14: A shooting incident has occurred in Okkapara Songgitcham village of Garobadha Police Outpost in South West Garo Hills District today. Kilman Marak was stabbed in the chest until he died.
On Friday, Kong Chiarmon Dkhar, in continuation of her charity work, visited the poor families of Dong Moopynieiñ.
The meeting also discussed the situation in the future against those who try to attack the indigenous people and the group of four civil society organizations said that there is no problem to protect them. mynder in the border areas and across the Bri U Hynniewtrep.
Three persons were injured in the incident and were taken from Haas in Thimpu by the Indian Air Force using Mi-17 V5 helicopters.
He said that this time, it is not expected that Amit Shah will refuse to meet as he has already come back later.
Minister Duh stressed the need for research and the importance of the National Research Foundation Act.
Minister Duh directed all officers to ensure that the resolutions are prepared in accordance with the rules, in order and on time.
The Lamphang on Tuesday inspected the construction of the Ïing Dorbar and held a review meeting with government officials from various departments of the state government.
The demand of JACAMTA is that the government should take over the teachers from their jobs and on this they have also met with the Union Minister in charge of Education at in India.
Now, as they increase in knowledge, they seem to increase in dignity.
The meeting was also attended by the Principal Secretary to the Governor, Harish Chandra Chaudhary, IFS and the discussion was on how to improve the quality of education at the NIT according to the present era.
In a letter sent to the Chief Secretary of the state, the party said that the reason for the notice to the government is that the tax collected by the state government since 1972 is not The National Green Tribunal (NTU) has approved the ban on coal mining in the state. This request is except for the fees that the District Councils should receive.
The CSWO has expressed its surprise to find that the people of Nongmadan village have to listen to what the Rangbah Shnong says to them. inside the Block view.
Speaking at the programme, the Secretary Youth Affairs, Meeta R. Lochan said that the tasks to be taken by the Y20 during our presidency will look at the leadership of the youth in the world. and collaboration.
Paul Lyngdoh, Mitchell Wankhar, Bajop Pyngrope, Balajeed Ranee, Batskhem Ryntathiang, Carnes Sohshang, Grace M Kharpuri, Victor Ranee, Shanborlang L Mawlong, BM Lanong, Lamphrang Blah, Teiborlang Pathaw, Pyniaidly Syiem S Makong. War with Alvin K Father.
He said that those who wish to come to Meghalaya have to register online and the District Task Force Committees will look after this. The government will appoint more employees.
Speaking at the public meeting, the Chief Minister congratulated the Bakdil Krimkro SHG Federation, Dalu, West Garo Hills for being a pioneer. Many others in the field of Syiar and through the hard work of this group, the Meghalaya Rural Bank has donated up to 100 lakh tyngka to this organization.
The Meghalaya Editors' and Publishers' Association (MEPA) on Tuesday honored two journalists from the state who have received awards in India, Alicia Bakor Phanwar and Princess Giri Rashir. at a special meeting held at Shillong Club, Shillong.
The Chief Minister said that the Meghalaya Medical Reimbursement Rule 1981 has been in place and the Cabinet meeting today has decided to repeal the MMR Rule and introduce a new one. update it according to today.
CB Syiem is an MDC from Nongpoh Constituency and has also held the post of CEM in KHADC. John Pat is a recent member of the Congress party but has been promoted to He is a member of the MPCC. (SP News).
Speaking at the meeting, Samborlang Shabong Asst Organizing Secretary KSU South West Khasi Hills District urged the people and village leaders to be vigilant. There is no time to support from home.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: Members of the Meghalaya Drug Users' Network (MeDUNET) today said that their mission is to ensure that all those who have fallen victim to drug abuse have access to drugs. to change.
e.3rd April 2013 FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle under the leadership of Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang President FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle has conducted a surprise inspection at PHC Pomlum, Upper Shillong to find out all the facts. The Seng has had the opportunity to talk to several people who have come to seek medical treatment through this P.H.C. Perhaps the health authorities have not been able to fulfill the aspirations of the people as they expect that the PHC will provide the best service 24 hours a day. ) to provide more convenience to the residents of these parts of Khapsor.
“The tribals are the ones who have benefited the most from these schemes," he said.
Teinwell Dkhar, Leader of the UDP in KHADC, said that they have sent a letter to the CEM of KHADC and Chairman LG Nongsiej informing them that they have withdrawn their support from the PDF. The total number of MDCs in the KHADC is 29, the Congress has seven, the UDP has four, the HSPDP has four. KHNAM one and counting the number of members has reached 14 members in the 29-member House.
Shillong, Nailar 28: The JSU today met with the heads of Top Cem Company in Thangskai and demanded not only the temporary dismissal of two of its employees who threatened the police to bomb. The union leaders have demanded the immediate expulsion of these foreign workers from Meghalaya to avoid any tragic incidents. The union has warned the Top Cem if they are still keeping these two foreigners in the company.
To issue an order not to charge tax on agricultural products weighing less than 30 kilos when sold in the market.
Roland Shadap, Secretaries to assist in the districts are Khyrsan Lamin, Manar Shylla, Kroswel Amse, Treasury Secretary Jumem Khongmuit and other office bearers in various positions.
The body of Heprit Diwer Lamurong, 5, son of Dipherson Langwar, has been found while the body of Anisa Lamurong has not been found. .
Last month, the DC has convened a meeting to discuss the residential area of ​​the Lum Survey. The meeting was cancelled by the Defense Estate Officer, Guwahati and the HYC.
The Chief Electoral Officer, Fredric R Kharkongor, said that 56 MLAs cast their votes, four out of three MPs. In Assembly 1, 56 MLAs and 57 MPs voted for the President.
At the closing ceremony, Swami Divyaswarupanandaji Maharaj, Centre-In-Charge, thanked all those who participated in this event and spoke about the teachings of Swami Vivekananda in Khasi and English. .
According to the permit issued by the Ministry of Finance, Meghalaya can borrow from 0.05% of the public market up to T.194 crore.
What happened in Bhutan and Bangladesh in the past years has not ended the spirit of fighting of the insurgent groups in the region.
On the other hand, the District Administration has received information that some civil society organizations may hold the flag raising ceremony and this may cause disorder in the village. sign within the District.
At the same time, they urged the Government to upgrade the Dispensary at Rynjah to PHC. Shillong, Shillong. Nailar 02: Leaders of the Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) today sent a petition to the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma and the Minister of Home Affairs, Kong Roshan Warjri to urge the government to withdraw the The border with Assam is Khanapara.
The jain saree seized by the BSF troops worth T.10 lakh tyngka was smuggled by the person with the intention of entering Bangladesh. .
In a statement sent by the KSU, regarding the death of Bah Rana, it is a great loss for the nation to lose one of the prominent artists, who was a member of the KSU. the stronghold of the Seng in the past years.
At the same time, the KHADC has also set rules for the Syiem of Sohra Hima, regarding the Raid Majai, not only ministers should be sent but should be looked after by the Hima, the Hima. it cannot appoint Molors because it has a Dorbar Shnong.
Shillong, Nailar 04: The National People's Party (NPP) led by Agatha Sangma, Dr Wnwayroi Kharlukhi MP and NPP MLAs Rameshwar Singh and Sheikh Nurool Hassan today met with the Minister of Home Affairs. Amit Shah's Central Government to bring peace in Manipur.
I doubt that the BJP will get a majority in the Rajya Sabha, as there was a dispute at that time on the UCC, the Private Members Bill, that Bill has passed.
A mobile phone containing a Bangla SIM card and money were seized from them.
The Mawkynrew PHC will serve the following villages: Mawkynrew, Mawlien, Umtong, Lynshing, Tmoi, Umsham, Nongpyrdi, Mynriah, Siltham, Khwad, Mawlatbah, Umblai, Mawrasai, Mawkria, Wahmawlein and Wahlkhiat.
The report was submitted to the Chief Minister by the Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, Minister of State Dasakhiatbha Lamare, Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi Kong RM. Kurbah and two officers.
The killing of three journalists shows that they are forest dwellers and only border residents, said the MUJ. The killing of three journalists happened at 3.30 pm today. Two unidentified persons entered the office of Dainik Ganadoot, a Bengali newspaper from Tripura.
One person has recovered from the disease today and 92190 people have recovered from Ri Bhoi District.
On the other hand, they will not wait for that 40 days and will start the search and today is only the beginning in Umliang and this will continue in all places.
Jofika FC scored the second goal in the 50th minute and the third goal in the 62nd minute.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that there is a need to investigate according to the science of this age to find out the root cause of this.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Nongpoh Circle on Saturday last month inspected the Nongpoh market after receiving complaints from many parents of school children that the booksellers in the market They have taken advantage of the price by selling more than the stipulated price and this has caused a lot of trouble to the poor families.
On the other hand, the police are ready to fight against drug traffickers in the state and have intensified their fight against drug trafficking which affects the youth.
We talked to him," he said.
Although the BSF arrests from time to time, this trafficking is still rampant because those who do this work don't have to pay money but the income is high.
This helps the government.
Of course, we have reviewed the new rule and as I said there are many new rules and it is easier to come up with a new rule.
A few months ago, a meeting was held with the Rangbah Kur of Ri Bhoi for this purpose and it is expected that it will be completed soon especially as the Dorbar Pyllun is scheduled to be held in April
We just finished our duty and ran away.
These singers sang songs from Hindi films, Khasi songs, prominent personalities of the country who were present on the occasion including the Advisor to the Prime Minister of Bangladesh Dr. Gowher Rizvi, and other government officials of other countries in Bangladesh.
Shillong, Naiwieng 07: The Federal Council of the North Eastern Region (FRI) in Dawki on Tuesday said that it is against the Tenancy Bill of the government to fight against the influx of foreigners.
Shillong, Iaiong 28: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Lambor Malngiang, today inaugurated the improved road at Urmasi-U-Joh village. is the first part of the 2nd.
Banteilang, who had returned from Kolkatta, was placed in a quarantine centre. He was taken to NEIGRIHMS. He was taken to the COVID-19 Hospital on the 5th of this month for treatment. On the 17th and 18th of this month, he tested positive for COVID-1 He tested negative on the 18th but on the night of the 18th he became ill and had difficulty breathing. He was taken to a ventilator but died at 11.56 pm. Now.
Even in Meghalaya, whether it is debt, health, lifestyle and others.
“We request the State Government and the Prime Minister Narendra Modi as we have already sent a letter to increase the honorarium and to pay salary for 12 months but not only for 10 months.
On Sundays, no market, no food shall be allowed in public places and tourist attractions which have been approved by the office may open on Sundays in compliance with the rules and regulations. stores must post a previous vaccination record in public view.
If someone takes away your land, do you think there will be peace.
He also urged the Government authorities to settle in the border areas to bring ‘harmony’ with the people in these areas.
Those who demanded to be recognized as full time employees of MeECL include about 50% of the employees to ensure that the distribution of light will be smooth throughout the state. .10000 and T.15000 but in this age it is difficult to run a household.
On the same day, the Chief Minister visited the Durga Puja places to celebrate with the Hindu devotees. East Khasi Hills to accompany the Prime Minister.
Shillong, July 02: With the beginning of the New Year, all political parties have started busy preparing for the MDC elections to be held on 27th June
Shillong, Nailar 01: U Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, MLA of Meghalaya, today launched the PMUY scheme at a meeting held at the office of the Sub-Divisional Officer (Civil), Mairang, West Khasi Hills District.
Due to the urgency of the matter and the request of many, Bah Shylla took this opportunity to convene this meeting to discuss what is best to do to get the Governor's approval.
He (Reebok) went to the house and didn't know how to fight, if they did like Bah Cheris.
He said the North East is surrounded by border areas with other countries and this is India's gateway to the East.
The main purpose of this seminar is to have cooperation and especially to have an understanding between the government and military authorities on how to conduct and provide relief in times of disaster. of natural forces and especially the help of the wind.
Other judges of the High Court Meghalaya, officers and other judges of the High Court Meghalaya were also present on the occasion. this is the court.
Speaking to reporters, Shibun Lyngdoh and General Secretary of the party David Kharsati alleged that the Prime Minister has introduced the bill. (Amendment) Act, 2015 to be passed in the House. What has been done by the Congress-led government MUA-II is to abolish the District Councils.
According to the accused, there is no evidence that the accused has weapons, which is said to be a member of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) and there is no evidence that the accused has weapons. any law to be imposed under the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act,
The demolition of these illegal coke factories will start in October 2023 and will be completed by January 2023, to ensure that they cannot continue. enough to their performance.
The National Turmeric Board will focus on the development of turmeric and turmeric products in the country.
And 8
On the other hand, the Pro Vice Chancellor of NEHU urged that training should be provided to the people to understand about such beliefs. now".
The woman sustained head injuries and is undergoing treatment at the Civil Hospital Nongstoin.
He said the state government has received land for this purpose and a small airstrip should be built in Kohima to provide air service to Nagaland under the UDAN scheme.
This year, the total amount of drugs seized is 1.5 kilos, 20,000 song of ammunition and 49 cases of drug trafficking registered.
There is no denying the fact that scientists have already scientifically surveyed and compiled their observations that clearly show the dangers, injuries and serious diseases caused by uranium mining and those that affect the environment and human life.
During his two days in the state, the Minister of State for Child Development also visited the Meghalaya Frontier BSF and talked to the Field Commanders and troops.
India was led by Defense Secretary Giridhar Aramane on a two-day visit to the country. Bangladesh was led by Lt Gen Waker. Uz-Zaman, Principal Staff Officer, Armed Forces Division.
Furthermore, under the framework it is planned to introduce mechanisms and encourage international collaborations to pave the way for collaborative clusters among those involved in the startup activities of the G20 countries.
The passing away of Bah Honsen is a great loss to the Bharat Scouts and Guides in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Naitung 12: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District has given permission to the civil society organizations to hold a public meeting as they have requested permission to hold this morning at Sajer inside the Dorbar Hall of Nongpoh Village.
KHNAM urges the Assam Meghalaya Peace Forum to take action and turn its attention to the problems of the people living in the villages on the border of Assam and Meghalaya.
which can cause great damage to the land of Hynniewtrep.
The Minister of Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri, said that the meeting was held to discuss how to bring peace on the border between Meghalaya and Assam at Hoalpara following the tragic incident. 6 people were washed by the terrorists.
The petition also stated that the police department should improve the police stations like in Khanduli and Mukroh. The union demands that the police force should be strengthened.
Since all G20 members have established space agencies and companies, the country should focus on partnerships, he said.
The GEC will discuss and explain the demands of the party including the Inner Line Permit System, Residential Permit, Amendment of Work Permit, Trading License and Benami Prohibition Act. bad that wei de.
It is reported that during this time, the man also assaulted the mother of the child.
The day was concluded with a speech in memory of the hero of the Bri u Hynniewtrep, Woh Kiang Nangbah.
Speaking on the faithful service of the employees of various departments in the district, the Lamphang urged them to work harder in their service to the people of the district in the coming years. follow.
Speech was also delivered by Bah Kynpham V Kharlyngdoh, Muktiar of the Supreme Court and the first President of Delhi. who are united and remember their origins as a nation.
The curfew called by the NESO in the North East which includes Meghalaya has gone smoothly in Meghalaya without any incident.
The five ministers from the NPP are Conrad K Sangma as the prime minister, Prestone Tynsong, Sniawbhalang Dhar, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, AT Mandal, Marcuise Marak and Rakam A Sangma.
The opposition leader said he was surprised to see the statement from the prime minister especially from Dr Mukul Sangma who has been involved in politics to say that the alliance between the UDP and the BJP is from behind. door.
This is true whether we see them as mothers, sisters, children or as women who can choose their own lives—and the right to have the opportunities and happiness to achieve according to their abilities.
When asked, Tsering said he has no intention of opening any health center in the state but he is ready to help if people need him at any time.
This military base was established with the intention of serving as a post office in those years.
They will then put forward their demands before the State Government.
Speaking at the public meeting, the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Lyngdoh said that the purpose of this scheme is to provide tin sop iing to the households of the state who come from the households. to provide housing in rural and urban areas.
The district with the highest production of fish in the state is Ampati which can produce 5,260 metric tonnes per annum.
The report recommends that changes should be made in the implementation of Tobacco Control 3.0 in order to achieve a healthier India, with the need to invest in the search for Scientific ways to control the use and consumption of tobacco and this is very important.
During the meeting, they said that as religious leaders, we need to understand the laws so that we can explain to the missionaries and the areas that affect the society.
Shillong, July 20: The ANVC(B) in a statement today said that the KHNAM MDC Bah A Nongrum should apologize if he made a mistake in saying that the Garo people should not be allowed to be killed. take part in the MDC election.
“Please don't take stingy on the work you have to do, take care so that the future of our Bri u Hynniewtrep will be brighter,” said Samla Biam.
The Jute Raw Material Bank (JRMB) scheme is for the provision of raw materials required for the production of jute at Mill Gate prices to MSME JDP groups to produce various jute products.
Police on Tuesday morning at Ratacherra Infil Check Post, East Jaintia Hills District, on Tuesday, at about 10:00 pm, a Night Super Bus of MTC. possession number ML-03-0216 was stopped and searched.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Shella Area Unit strongly condemns and expresses its shock over the injury and shooting death of a youth from Dong Pyrkan under Shella Village on the 09th of this month. They were from Bangladesh who had illegally entered the Indian border and attacked these residents.
This scheme, which is valid in all branches of Scheduled Commercial Banks, can be obtained in three ways, by visiting the branch, or through the Stand-Up India Portal () or through the Lead District Manager ( LDM).
This is a step to empower women by supporting their income and also encouraging them to seek health care.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 03: The Superintendent of Police (SSP) on Tuesday said that the vehicle of Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, which was seized from Rangthong, was found to contain letters demanding money from the party. The Superintendent of Police, South West Khasi Hills, on Tuesday said that these letters of demand for money cannot be said whether they are new or old. Police believe that they are newcomers.
RV Suchiang, Joint Secretary Finance department, KS Momin, Director Accounts and Treasuries, Mr. T. Dkhar, State Informatics Officer, Pune team led by Prathibha Joag and Dr. Swati Sarde Director Generals of NIC, Pune.
Answering questions, the elected MP Dr Syngkon said that when they went to the people to campaign for the election, they said that they had released the election manifesto and everything was important.
Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh said that as one of the leaders of the people in a small position as an MDC, he is very encouraged to take part in such meetings and such competitions to lead the way. Young people who have not only the talent but more importantly to spread the idea that as human beings we should have a goal and a desire to do something for the society as Bah Terence Rynjah said that what we do will be of great benefit and blessing to the society and for the future generations.
The KSU South West Khasi Hills District strongly condemns this irresponsible behavior of this officer to the people of the area and this irresponsibility of the BDO of Ranikor Block will surely affect the development of the district. region.
“In this small area alone, it is impossible to imagine among the government that there will be 90 to 100 households.
One person has been tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills today, bringing the total number of cases to
However, there was a tragic incident on 28th June 2020 in Ichamati where there was a clash between the two groups which led to the death of Lurshai Hynniewta and the government has released T.2 lakh as assistance.
In this regard, the villages affected by MUDA and its Building Bye Laws should appeal to the Supreme Court which is the appropriate forum and in the right way. I will not leave it to the Executive Committee of Bah PN Syiem.
Vikram was brought to the hospital for treatment on the 28th of July and died on the 15th of July. He will be discharged from the hospital within three days and the hospital will take the necessary action.
This is not the first time that the Assam government has forcibly acquired land in the Khanapara areas of Raid Marwet, Raid Nongtung Block II), Balakhwa, Nongspung Hima, Jirang Hima and so on. Langpangap, Khanduli and Sahsniang villages and other districts.
He said that the honoring of students who have achieved excellence in education should be stopped.
The ACHR said that this violated Article 14 of the Constitution of India which states that everyone has the right to equal rights in accordance with the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples. minority rights.
The Seng has learned that the BITE building which was built to train students who wish to become teachers started in 2012 and construction started in
At that moment we didn't have to inform them (relatives) but gradually we were able to inform them back to our family.
Shillong, Naitung 27: Heavy rains in Assam and Meghalaya have caused heavy floods in Garo Hills where thousands of people have been forced to leave their homes. households to move to places designated by the government.
In East Jaintia Hills, 61 cases were reported from the Star Cement factory.
According to police, many of the injured were injured by unidentified criminals in different parts of Shillong.
She said that this is not the first time that Suresh Singh has assaulted his wife in previous years and there have been complaints lodged against him but the police have not. did nothing against him.
It is for this reason that even when the country has experienced changes in the system of governance, the faith in democracy remains strong over time.
Online reviews provide social proof to people who intend to buy products and convince them to buy products or use services.
On the other hand, the Controller of Legal Metrology, Bah IW Ingty, said that the department recognizes all the measures recognized under the Legal Metrology Act 2009 which was passed by the Central Government. which has been implemented throughout India.
On the one hand it can put our people at risk because we don’t know where these company people are coming from.
Umiam Police Station has registered a complaint against the KSU leader on the grounds that he assaulted the police inside the police station.
When the police checked the truck, they found that there was a specially built hole inside the truck. The presence of the hole shocked the police and when they checked, they found that there were Phensedly medicines are not available.
Speaking to reporters, other MDCs who attended the meeting said that Bah Shylla has been selected to speak to the media.
On this occasion, Dr. Even in the midst of his busy schedule, he was able to take the time to explain the condition of the hospital to the members of the team including Ooma.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The government alone cannot promote sports in any area without the involvement of private individuals or companies in that country or state.
New Delhi, Narendra Modi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will distribute more than 51,000 appointment letters to newly recruited CAPF personnel on July 28,
Police have conducted an investigation to find out the truth about the petrol bomb blast at the BJP office. criminals.
Mairang, Naitung 27 : In compliance with the order issued by the Hon'ble High Court of Meghalaya for PIL No.2 of 2021 dated 26th June this year, The District Magistrate of Eastern West Khasi Hills District has issued an order under Section 144 of the CrPC prohibiting the smuggling of meat without any restriction, cover or barrier by the vendors in the district. .
Goa will act in such a way to attract tourists to want to come back.
The competition was held at KJP Mawkhar School.
There have been 44 recoveries from one district, the highest number of recoveries from East Khasi Hills District which has risen to .
The United States has decided to fight hard to end human trafficking.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today convened a meeting chaired by Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, Deputy CEM of KHADC. The leaders of the Union of Rangbah Kur, the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep and the officers of the Council took a decision on the occasion. to prepare a list of Kurs throughout the Bri u Hynniewtrep within the boundary of the Council.
At the end of the policy, it clearly states that the Government has the power to amend the provisions of the policy or to introduce new ones by publication in the Gazette.
Recalling that the VPP has included the Reservation Policy as one of the issues in the party's Election Manifesto, Bah Marbaniang said, “We have gone to the people and we have said, if the people empower Please review the Reservation Policy.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that two persons have died of the coronavirus in East Khasi Hills, one in South West Garo Hills and one in South West Garo Hills. 1568 people.
Shillong, July 07: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 64 cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in the country. The total number of cases in West Garo Hills, 1 in West Jaintia Hills and 1 in West Khasi Hills has risen to
The meeting was attended by the Chief Minister's Secretary Prestone Tynsong, Health Minister AL Hek and Balajied Kupar Synrem MLA. Bah Charles Pyngrope MLA. When the session resumed, the Speaker of the House announced inside the House that after convening the meeting of both the parties, it was decided that the session will be held. It will be held on the 19th of this month.
Shillong, Lber 02: This is not the time to fight politics, this is the time to come together to protect the people of Shillong. The Prime Minister appealed to all political parties to work together to ensure that there will be no more incidents.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Riwar Mihngi Circle led by President Samla Edmund Khongngai together with Raid and Village Authorities have met with the Addl.Deputy Commissioner in charge of Civil Sub Division Pynursla at his office. today at Pynursla on Tuesday.
In a letter to the Union Home Minister signed by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, the government, political parties and civil society organizations said that The article states that the Central Government intends to amend the Citizenship Act 1955 in the form of the Citizenship Amendment Bill,
He urged the youth to continue to work hard in their studies without forgetting the dignity.
Medical check-up, Aadhar registration and various games were also held for the residents with disabilities.
The NPP party looks forward to the development of India with the view of protecting the minorities and the NPP is clear in its work to protect the minorities in India.
On the other hand, the inspectors of the training after the training gave their comments in which they said that there is a need for the cooperation of all parties to fulfill their duties. that such training should be conducted from time to time to ensure that the people are prepared in the event of natural disasters.
The Seng has also warned that this place should not be turned into a place for drinking alcohol and committing illegal activities.
He said that most of the time these youths have been arrested and because there are no rules to ensure that these people have to go straight to the hospital to complete the time according to the departments that have been investigated in this regard. and only to arrest cannot pay this price.
Shillong, November 14: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has issued a notice that only passenger buses and small vehicles will be allowed to pass through the Umiam Bridge at Damsait.
Saleng A Sangma, who won four terms from the constituency, has resigned as MLA after being elected as MP to the Lok Sabha from the 2-Tura (ST) Parliamentary Constituency. He resigned before taking oath as MP in the 18th Lok Sabha.
The funeral service and cremation ceremony will be held on the 29th of November at 9:00 pm at Khnap Thangbriew, Wapungshnong. , East Jaintia Hills.
The meeting was attended by all the schools in Nongtalang; The first speech was delivered by KL Giri, Headmaster, Nongtalang.
The Seng expresses its gratitude to the PHE office Mawkyrwat, Bah Kitbor Nongrem (Myntri Shnong Rangthong) for taking the initiative to repair the water shortage in the village. such as this time when the town was on lockdown.
Shillong, June 20: The Pynthorumkhrah Senior & Junior Christian Endeavor Society (PSESO) has organized a Jubilee Run today to celebrate its 50th Golden Jubilee. The Jubilee Flag was launched by the President of the Khasi Jaintia Christian Endeavor Union, Rev AT Sohliya and marched around Pynthorumkhrah Village and ended at the church.
The presence of the Police is not to disturb or disturb the public but to provide services to the public.
Today it stands as a great monument symbolizing people’s faith and a symbol of people’s confidence in legal affairs.
There will also be performances of traditional Khasi dance from all over the Hima, Raid and Sordarships in the Khasi Hills.
On the other hand, the HYC wants the state government to invite these two departments of the central government to discuss the issue at the next meeting. don't just don't get anywhere.
Speaking to media, Moses Kharbhithai, a member of the JNU Alumni Association, said that they came to the scene to express their strong condemnation of the attack on JNU. Delhi where well-dressed men entered and shot and injured students, teachers and staff of JNU in Delhi.
The injured were taken to Nongstoin Civil Hospital for treatment.
This proposal of the government is also a threat to the Sixth Scheduled by bypassing the District Councils.
Applications should be submitted to the office of the Deputy Commissioner on or before 20th March
The increase in the turnout of voters for the Lok Sabha elections in Meghalaya by 2025 is 5.18%.
The Minister in charge of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri, has congratulated the children who will represent the state at the National Games to be held in Goa. Well.
Active participation in singing, quiz, and drawing competitions was also witnessed.
The bodies of the four deceased, Phisar Nongrum, Benti Riahtam, Kynmaw Sungai and Lumlang Riahtam, were cremated on Saturday.
He spoke about the Mahabharata when people could find an explanation of the Republic and said that India lived and breathed democracy in Vaishali.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: Kamal Lipon of Khanduli and his friend were on their way from Jalaphat in a four wheel truck (ML-04 9814). However, when they reached Pasyih, a Maruti car belonging to Regn.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah WMS Parait Sharman of the Meghalaya State Electricity Regulatory Commission, said that the use of light is no longer for the benefit of those who have nothing but for the benefit of all the people.
The Wangala has been practiced by the Songsareks or non-Christians since ancient times in every village, but due to the introduction of Western cultures, this practice has begun to disappear. troin, but there are those who think that this tradition of the Garo people should be preserved because this is their traditional dance.
Shillong, March 04: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday said that 29 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in Shiliang Jashar village under Pynursla Block. "Continuance Area".
Dkhar also urged the department to look into these challans and urged the traders to look carefully at these challans when buying and selling. They should also go to the DMR office to check and verify to avoid these fake challans which do not have only a seal or sign.
The Opposition Leader said the goal of the Delimitation Committee is to adjust the boundaries of the constituencies and the number of voters to be equal. the number of voters in each constituency.
Meanwhile, the JAC comprising the deficit teachers of Khasi Hills KJDSA and GADSTEA will send a letter to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the Ministry of Education this month. The Central Government should not know what is happening in Meghalaya.
On this occasion, these soldiers who were inducted into the army were also honored for their efforts to showcase their skills during their training in the army. Upendra Gurung was awarded the 'Overall Best Recruit' award in the presence of his parents.
The MP elections for the Lok Sabha 2024 have been held.
Police said that the incident occurred at about 1 pm on the 3rd of this month. The shops belonging to Bah Rocky Marweiñ, Rangbah Shnong of Umsning proper 'B' and several other shops in Umsning proper 'B' village and near the main road.
The incident happened on the 9th of this month at about 9.25 pm at Ramkrishna LP School.
Kimfa S Marbaniang MLA of Rambrai said that the roads leading to Assam from Meghalaya have been closed so that people cannot enter and leave between the two states. send blocked.
Regarding the issues of the indigenous people of this region, once they get the government in Delhi, they will meet and talk to the central government on the issues of the indigenous people of the North East. India.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Pynshngaiñ Syiem said that he gave the vehicle to transport the nuid from the houses of the residents of the village after the village leaders They asked for his help, because the old car could no longer work after more than 11 years.
Shillong, Naitung 19: The Election Committee of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Shillong East Circle for the term 2018-2021 will be held in a statement.
The Apphira Archery Committee would like to take this opportunity to thank the Deputy Commissioner's Office for giving permission to hold this tournament, the Center Point Group of Enterprises (CPGE) and the organizers. The Shillong Recreation Ground Trust and the Shillong Sports Association have been asked to use the Polo Ground.
Anyone who has any information is requested to contact the mobile number:
With the participation of many developed countries, which produce IP and use these resources and knowledge for research and innovation, this agreement paves the way for overcoming existing differences of opinion. many years under the IP framework and also the protection of biodiversity.
Answering additional questions, the Chief Minister said that the soskular is not placed in the House so that the members of the House who have jobs can get it and can deliver it to the Rangbah Shnongs of those villages. don’t do it, because the government won’t be able to deliver it to them.
If it is not done properly, it may be that there is a fraud for the sake of someone, said the MPHRC and if there is no written record, it is a violation of human rights.
The government departments held by Metbah are Water Resources, Home Guard and Civil Defence, Excise and Tourism. state.
He was born on
The meeting will be opened on the 4th by the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma.
These three MLAs were welcomed to the UDP party today.
The reason for his departure from the UDP party is that the UDP party leaders do not listen to the people of the constituency.
Two-wheeled vehicles will not be allowed to carry passengers.
He also hoped that Assam will reach the target by
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The government has believed that the water shortage in many villages in Shillong is due to the failure to complete the third phase of the GSWS. ask for money back from the federal government.
Residents from other villages in the border area of ​​Ryngku area, leaders of Mawsynram Block Congress Committee (MBCC) and others also attended the ceremony. others are old men.
The BJP leader promised that the BJP will never affect the customs and traditions of the people of the country especially the minorities, but the BJP will protect them and promote them. The BJP will not impose any compulsion to learn the language of others, but will force the Khasi and Garo languages ​​to be taught in schools in Class X.U. The BJP leader has admitted that in 2018 the BJP will form a government in Meghalaya and will field candidates in all 60 constituencies. that is, the works of development, the works of development, he ate.
“The construction of the Marten landfill has been going on since 1938, it is now 86 years old and there is no space left,” he added.
On the other hand, the group has made it clear that they are not against the ksainar shiah.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The Khasi Hills Local Taxi Welfare Association (KHLWA) today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and submitted a petition regarding the issues of taxi drivers. taxi they met.
The Minister said that 300 such centers will be opened.
At this meeting, the Chief Secretary of the State sought information on the MP elections to the Lok Sabha. stay in the state and on the border.
Roy said that if these offices do not listen or the state government or the committee does not listen, the Seng can also approach the state government and the central government.
The Shillong Press Club also held an emergency meeting to express its condolences on the passing away of the Executive Editor of Kynjatshai and the SPC. She also sent her condolences to her husband and family. The passing away of Bah Various Star Nongsiej is a great loss to our fellow journalists.
The EC should also ensure that the land is allocated to various companies. If the employee has to allocate land to the companies, the land owner should not apply. The old EC has discussed the issue of trading license to foreigners and the EC has decided not to issue trading licenses to foreigners especially to new ones. “If the old ones are not enough, they will be suspended. This is the decision of the EC,” said Antonio.
The rally was led by the Minister in charge of Social Welfare, Debor C Marak, in the presence of government officials from the district such as the Deputy Commissioner and others.
Replying to the debate, he said that the top priority of the present government is education. He said that the income of the state will increase if education increases.
At the opening ceremony, the Secretary of Christ King Higher Secondary School, Father Sebastian, said that the school has produced Professors, Doctors, Officers, Traders, MLAs and MDCs. Speech was also delivered by Bah Methodius Dkhar who is also the Chief Guest and a former student of the school.
The fact is that the District Military Welfare Officer from Manipur should not be the reason to deprive his retired soldiers of the right to receive benefits according to the rules of procedure of the Central Military Board.
On the other hand, the KNGCSU is waiting for the appointment of Kong Roshan Warjri to discuss other pending demands and other needs of the College.
Many private houses have been damaged.
Referring to the Office Memorandum issued on 18th November 1972 regarding the special allocation for all posts except at District Level, the President said, “The party recommends that 90% should be allocated. for the applicants in different districts of Meghalaya, recalling that the recruitment in the districts of Khasi and Jaintia Hills should be exactly for the two ethnic groups, that is, only for the Khasi and Jaintia, while the employment in Garo Hills should be limited to the Garo.
Has the State Government and District Administration sent Police and CRPF to search and arrest the KSU members as if they were searching for the most dangerous terrorists in the world, why hasn't the State Government and Ri Bhoi District Administration? Police have been sent to Madan Umwang and other villages in the area to arrest the KPLT rebels. These KPLT rebels who used to extort money from the people from time to time and Assam Police have protected against violence.
We all know that the free entry of foreigners affects our privacy in all aspects and we must fight against this.
Through the good passes of our students it has been shown that we have started to increase the literacy rate.
Viewing all the work on the online platform.
Officials of the Department of Agriculture of the State Government were also present on the occasion.
This is a false promise of the NHAI. It is because of the mismanagement of the NHAI that the Government has also made only a walkway on the road and there is no space left for the people.
Although the state has received the honor of being a small state that has developed in agriculture, but the state is still lagging behind in the field of agriculture due to the lack of agricultural products. Until now, it has not been possible to develop the cultivation of rice, soh and syieng which the people of this state cultivate well.
Police conducted a search operation and when the bike arrived they seized it and after searching it they found envelopes sealed with laha and when examined they found 6.5 grams of heroin.
“The location where the moon lander Chandrayaan-3 landed on the moon will now be known as 'Shiv Shakti'
The order said that the Meghalaya government has decided not to allow the presence of illegal collection gates on the highways of the central government and the state government in East Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Lber 31: U Bah Titosstarwell Chyne CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today presented the three month budget of T.81,21,54,4 The meeting was held without any discussion.
The group, using these ksew, has arrested many drug traffickers.
On the other hand, Salseng said that he doesn't have much desire but many of the MLAs want him to take over the post because they have already seen their work in the past as MLA. prime minister.
According to the petition signed by Bah Francis G Mawlong, Vice President of HYC CEC, President of HYC CEC Bah Roykupar Synrem and others. other members.
The shop was opened in collaboration with Toptime Consumers Pvt.
Regarding the foreign workers who came to work in Meghalaya, there are 13,000 who have returned to their villages.
They are still counting slowly.
Shabong said that the ejahar also alleged that the HYC members shot and beat these foreigners.
On the other hand, HANM urges the people not to be afraid, but to understand how to send this person to the Legislative Assembly, because he has no intention of shuthmu and babe. turn when a dep works.
The Vice President of the Khasi Kenmynsaw Youth Association, Rangbah Smatsting Langpen, launched the flag of the Khasi Youth Association.
Shillong, June 27: The second phase of the Northeast Fiesta 2017 was held at Jalandhar, Punjab today.
What we can do now is to work for ourselves.
Shillong, Nailar 13: There are 384 new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 146 cases in West Jaintia Hills and 53 cases in West Jaintia Hills. , the total number of cases is
Regarding the location, they are still arranging.
I would like to congratulate all the MDCs who have worked hard in their constituencies, the Dorbar Shnongs, the Seng Samla and the Bhalang who have worked hard to help the people in many ways. We will continue to work hard in collaboration with the government authorities to fight against this disease and we will keep in our prayers that God will protect the state and the country as a whole.
“The Committee is currently conducting a review and comparison of the villages and there is nothing that is not in accordance with the rules.
The problem is that if they cut trees to build houses they have to pay tax, if they cut trees to build houses they have to pay tax to the Assam police. even when they went to the market, they had to pay three or four hundred tyngka.
He said that in every meeting it is impossible to please everyone, there will always be people who are not happy but as a country we should be happy, regarding the relationship with the opposition in Meghalaya. He said he did not want to say anything because this is the responsibility of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Lber 02: The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah BS Sohlya today received information that there has been a stir in Sahniang village before the counting of votes.
He said that if the trees in these forests are cut down, it means that the hills in Garo Hills have collapsed, not only that but it will also lead to the extinction of some of these creatures. they have a job because they produce the oxygen that people breathe to survive.
The total number of recoveries today is 264, highest number of recoveries from West Garo Hills with 81 cases, followed by East Khasi Hills with So far, 51396 people have recovered from the disease.
Because of this, the state government has announced to upgrade this road to an Intermediate Road and the cost of this road which is T.24 crore will be borne from the government budget. The people of Mawphlang are expecting the government to take action as the construction of roads has already started in Thipweidong, Mawphlang.
Other policemen who were injured in the incident were Inspector AD Sangma OC of Nartiang Police Station, Inspector S Wanshong, OC of Jowai Women's Police Station, S Lamare, R Syrngkhong, I Nongrum, Khardewsaw and Kharpran are all sub-inspectors.
Shillong, November 10: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya today accused the United Democratic Party (UDP) of being the party which has confused the people. the state as a scientific benefit, but no leader has been named.
The party will investigate into this matter to clarify and know more, how to transfer the powers from the district council together with the dorbar shnong.
“The goal should be to make India the largest economy in the world.
This can be clearly seen from the government's authorization of the KSU which has taken a stand on this issue, by arresting members of the KSU and continues to this day. further fuel the burning fire, almost as if it were heated instead of extinguished by means of understanding.
Meanwhile, the world acknowledges India’s achievement in providing regular and affordable electricity supply to the 1.4 billion people of the country during these times of crisis.
B. Marbaniang, Medical Officer of PHC, Laitdom, Dr. NL Mawnai and Sordar of Laitdom Mawlieh, Bah H. Lawriniang.
On this occasion, the Government has accepted the decision in the House but there is still uncertainty as to where this path will lead.
Under this mission, 730 districts of the country will receive Integrated Public Health Labs and 3,000 Blocks will receive Public Health Blocks. Unit.
At the same time, the government has directed all the deputy commissioners together with the sub-divisional officers and BDOs to look into the types of works and the places to release the works.
Shillong, July 16: Members of the Executive Committee of the Union of Kur Rangbah Kur have visited the CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Titosstarwell Chyne to seek clarification on the Clan Bill.
Regarding those students who are abroad, the government has talked to the Ministry of Home Affairs to bring them back to the country.
Shillong, Nailar 30: KSU Narpuh Circle under the leadership of Bah KS Suchiang President, members and several leaders from the District Unit today lodged an FIR. SP Office to punish the police involved in the shooting at the Public Hearing of Meghalaya Cement Ltd, Thangskai which was held recently on 24/08/2
According to this order, shops in Pyndengumiong Village will reopen as usual from 7 pm on 10th November 2021 and the public should follow all the guidelines. of the Government regarding the prevention and control measures against COVID-1
Replying to a question by Lamphrang Blah, EM in charge of Elaka Affairs, Jambor War, said that regarding the border dispute between Mawsynram and Nonglwai, this issue is within the jurisdiction of the Mawsynram Hima. court “tribunal”.
Chidus Cricket Club, which tied first, managed to score only 63 runs for the loss of all wickets.
“The inability of the authorities to control the people who have come to the Shelter Home in Kench's Trace has put the residents of KOR and Laban area at risk as well,” said the Seng.
On receipt of the complaint, the police rushed to the village in West Khasi Hills District and arrested seven persons suspected of involvement in the robbery. .
In this regard, even the Meghalaya government has remained silent without any complaint.
Phan Nonglait was the first woman warrior of Meghalaya to fight against the French in the battle between Syiem Tirot Singh and the French. The Eastern West Khasi Hills District authorities have declared the death anniversary of Phan Nonglait as a public holiday in the district every year on the 6th November.
He said that as an MP, he promises to raise issues related to the State such as the ILP and the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Fifth Schedule and also to look into the issues of the State. region in the East.
According to the villagers, at the time when MeECL was preparing to supply electricity to the area, there were four villages, Nongtynger, Nongbah Jarin and Mawthabah.
At this meeting, the Chief Minister highlighted the problems in the state and the ways and means to address them.
The residents of Mawtap Pyllun village are eager to have a footpath because the area which has been allocated for the construction of the footpath is at risk to the pedestrians. The village has taken up this task to build the footpath.
Police are conducting search operations in the area to search for the GNLA militants. (SP News).
: It is called Stadphrang because it is the knowledge that has been published in the field of knowledge.
During the meeting with the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, the Rynjah Dorbar Shnong said that according to the announcement issued by the Hima Mylliem in 2019, the RR Colony is still under the jurisdiction of the Dorbar. village of rynjah.
Police have arrested Sahid Ch Marak, 26, Lamingstone CH Sangma, both from Chigichakgre village, Chokpot Police Station and Jainish R Marak, 26, from Chigichakgre village. 29 years old from Mindikgre village under Baghmara police station.
Lambokstarwell Marngar was re-elected to lead the KSU for the year 2023-2026 after no candidate stood for the post of President.
Shillong, Naitung 03: The Village Health Council (VHC) of Mawdieja Village has conducted a free health service for the residents of St. Thererisia LP School, Sohryngkham. .
It is interesting to know that in Argentina, the state government has named a road in the name of Sohblei Patrick Warjri for his good deeds in the community.
Many of the permanent inspectors said that if this increase in the price of food items, the increase in the price of food items in the state would have already happened, because in every village and township. The transportation system in Meghalaya relies on vehicles and not on other roads.
Shillong, Naitung 20: The United Democratic Party (UDP) today expressed its gratitude to the HSPDP Nongkrem for welcoming the public debate between Bah HS Shylla and Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit MLA of Nongkren.
Mayborn said the CAA Act will be implemented in
The Chief Minister said that many districts have distributed ration to those households, if some districts have not implemented the ration, he will ask why they are delayed in distributing ration.
New Delhi, Dec 27: India's economy is expected to become one of the fastest in the world, with a target of USD 5 trillion in GDP by
Referring to the incident in the District Council in recent days, he said the court has allowed the Governor to take any decision.
The Minister of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, Meghalaya, Alexander LalooHek said that the Central Government has introduced many new initiatives for the development of the State and the country as a whole.
The Pakistani troops' attempt to capture the Dalu-Tura road, which is the most important road, has failed.
The village has informed the Sordar Raid and the Rangbah Shnong has also been informed.
In another raid, police arrested a woman identified as Evangeline Thongni from Lapalang, Lummarboh and John Robert Kharmyndai from Nongmynsong.
Before the meeting, a 10 minute silence was held for Ma Batskhem Lyngdoh, Dolloi Elaka Rymbai, who passed away in the morning. Villagers, Chairman and Secretary of VECs, request Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, Meghalaya State Planning Board, to talk to the State Government
“Of course, there are problems but discussions are ongoing and we have tried to resolve this issue and there is no problem related to the import of petrol and diesel into the State.
Therefore, he urged the relevant authorities to do whatever is necessary for the benefit of the people.
The Minister said that the NHAI officials have worked hard and if the bank allows it is hoped that within 48 hours the road will be opened for traffic especially for vehicles carrying goods.
: It means Roispahshimet or spahroimarwei or spahshimet-spah is the wealth, growth is the increase in income and alone is the ownership of oneself.
RBYF Umsning Circle President JJ ​​Lapang said police have received the complaint and the investigation is ongoing.
In a statement, the union said that if anyone is found involved in such killing of fish in these rivers, the union will punish according to the law.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The Mawlong Presbyterian Church, which was founded in 1914, will celebrate its 100th anniversary this year. and the monument shall be in the court of the house of the LORD.
From the information received, it is understood that 90% of the people are willing to get the Tika. public awareness campaign on Tika in the state.
However, the Prime Minister said that in the midst of the crisis, we have more precautionary measures against this disease and now we have a medicine.
Upon receiving this information, the family members went to check and she admitted that it was Washmi Dutta.
These 21 Khasi youths who went to study in Hyderabad were selected and supported by the party in 2014 under the leadership of Bah Daniel Khyriem and Auguster Jyrwa and now they have completed their studies and got their jobs. .
Currently, Madhya Pradesh, Assam and Gujarat are among the best performing states, while Ahmedabad, Lucknow, Kanpur, Indore and Mumbai lead the cities in implementing the programme.
When asked, Bah Kharkrang said, “We request the HNLC to continue the talks and it is a demand that you cannot just demand and expect the Government to implement all the demands.
The Assam Regimental Center has promised to set up its own testing center for them and they will have to seek permission from the higher authorities as well as permission from the ICMR. Shillong, Naitung 23: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek today said that 19 persons have tested positive for COVID-19 today, of whom 13 are BSF personnel. cases in East Khasi Hills District, 3 cases in West Garo Hills and 3 cases in South West Garo Hills.
The Patharkhamah Administrative Unit was inaugurated by the former Chief Minister SC Marak on 5th November 1995 and is still in operation.
He now urged the people to “say no to using plastic.
The Minister said there is a demand for food products from the North Eastern states such as Bhot Jalakiya (King Chili) and Black Rice and therefore there is a trade opportunity for the food factories. in this region.
On the other hand, Deputy Director Bah Ajoy Lanong said that about 126 districts of all the states of North East will take part in the Red Fest. take part in it.
Shillong, Naitung 01: Leaders of the Hills Farmers Union (HFU) Central Body today met with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah (Dy.CM) Prestone Tynsong to discuss the issues faced by the farmers. state meets.
It may be recalled that MLA Jason S Mawlong has already said that the damage to houses will be more than 1000 houses and the exact figure will be known once the inspection has been completed.
On the second day, on the 31st of July, these youths will enter Mairang, Mawthadraishan, Rambrai, Mawthengkut, Nongstoin and Mawkyrwat.
All the student organizations of the region have attended the protest led by NESO. From Meghalaya, the GSU and KSU have left to take part in the protest which was held in Guwahati today. day.
This training will focus on semi-urban and mountain climbing activities.
He praised their contribution in the management of water and soil related issues, the development of agriculture around the world and in India.
To avoid the rapid spread of the disease, Meghalaya has increased the testing capacity to 400 tests per day and 2000 tests per day in terms of pool testing.
My Dorbar, Sordar, has never been able to oppose or reject any development projects brought by the Government as well as by the MLAs or MDCs to help the village.
To prevent the spread of ASF, the Department of Agriculture has sprayed the pig farms in the village, injected them and conducted public awareness campaigns in this regard. now no pigs should be slaughtered in the area and they should refrain from eating pork.
“The HNLC stands firm on the basis of achieving lasting peace and political stability.
The West Khasi Hills District Police have decided to fight against drug traffickers by strengthening the security forces to ensure that the perpetrators of these crimes should not be released.
On the other hand, the president welcomed all those who attended the convention and said that this is the first time that this convention has been held in the parish. and the village churches within the parish.
The aim of the fair is to “Increase the income of farmers by arshah”. The purpose of the meeting is to raise awareness among the farmers to improve their agriculture with the availability of books. “The powers of this age and this is important in bringing about change in India,” said the Prime Minister.
The tournament was inaugurated by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare at 6.30 pm today.
Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) for cyclones provide essential guidelines for emergency responses.
What we can do now in these few days is to manage the government passenger vehicles which should be in accordance with the present era.
The Government has decided to send this recommendation to the Central Government after consultation with the District Councils and Rangbah Shnongs.
When asked about these suggestions, Jemino said, “At the meeting, the Minister of Law and Justice has said that it is not yet time to inform the public about the 8 suggestions that the UDP has submitted to the Chairperson because These recommendations shall be submitted to the Expert Committee.
The meeting was very fruitful and was attended by all the members of these two Committees from Meghalaya and West Bengal.
About 7000 Community COVID Management Committees (CCMCs) have been set up across the state and these are raising awareness about the disease.
The discussion between DK Shivakumar and Bah Paul Lyngdoh also focused on the relationship between leaders from all over India.
Shillong, March 19: The HSPDP District Election Committee (HSPDP) East Khasi Hills District today announced that the party has invited applications for those who wish to contest the MLA elections. In a statement issued by Sandor, the HSPDP District Election Committee of East Khasi Hills District said that those who wish to contest the MLA election of the HSPDP party cannot call In a statement sent today, the HSPDP has not set a time limit for the election. The HSPDP has already announced only the name of Bah Martle N Mukhin for the East Khasi Hills District.
He also said that the India-Bangladesh Border Road which is about 41 kms long is needed by the people for trade and there are International Border Haats between India and Bangladesh.
At the same time, may this celebration of Beh Deinkhlam bring peace and unity to our nation so that the country and the nation will grow together in the days to come.
In his speech, Bah Sanbor Shullai said that the erection of this statue near his residence is to remind the present generation of the contribution of this great man to the society.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Gigur said that no one has informed him about what happened in the constituency in these days. Social Media.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The Meghalaya Poultry Farmers and Welfare Association (MPFWA) has set a target to create employment opportunities for the youth of the state. completed their educational failures in government services.
In their speeches, the leaders of the Seng, Bah Joe Marwein and Bah Wellbirth Rani, stressed that the goal and foundation of the Seng is to strengthen the Seng by establishing various departments in the country. The land of the Hynniewtrep people to be able to protect the country and the nation in many ways.
At this meeting, it was said that NESFAS does not go to the government to say anything because they want the people when they understand the need to go and tell the government. The incumbent Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has called for a meeting with NESFAS.
It will be broadcast on TV on the 23rd of this month on Channel Colors, so please support this group, because the victory of this group is for the country and the country. the nation is all one.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Hek said that the people of this area are very fortunate because they get the water from the wells and not the water that has to be drilled. it is good to drink and use where there is no need to cook.
New Delhi, July 15: The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi will launch the COVID-19 vaccination campaign across the country on July 16, 2021 at 10:30 am through video conferencing. .
West Jaintia Hills District is the second district in Meghalaya to implement this scheme.
OSD in charge of Shillong Science Center on Tuesday said that on the 9th of this month, Mercury will reach near the sun and can be seen even from India. .
Shillong, July 30: In honor of the contribution of Professor (late) Prasanta Chandra Mahalanobis in the field of statistics and income planning, the Government of India has recognized the 29th July every year. It is also his birthday, as a “Statistics Day” in the list of Special Days to be celebrated in the country.
“There is a need to increase the number of schemes to distribute water to all farmland especially the fields and fields, various training programs and encourage farmers to cultivate other crops such as tit, syntiew, soh, slasha. and others", says the article.
He said the government is striving to strengthen the milk production system through various means.
“According to the RTI, the failure of the JHADC to fully implement the law to curb the entry of non-tribals into business within the boundary of the JHADC has caused not only losses. “It's a big deal for the JHADC but it's also a big deal for the people of the country”.
The polling day will be on 19/Lber/2024 and the date of re-polling will be on 4/6/2 before the meeting of the Legislative Assembly of the State.
Shillong, November 01: Out of the 34 candidates who have filed their nomination papers for the nine MDC constituencies, only Bah S. Singh has resigned. Cleverson Roy Syremlieh of the BJP because he is the only by-election candidate.
It is said that the reason for the origin of the name Mawlynnong is because of the presence of lynnong lynnong stones and the stones with lynnong lynnong were called 'Mawlong lynnong'
Apurva Chandra explained that the installation of Shilaphalakam in honor of the heroes, Mitti of Naman and Veeron of Vandan are key parts of the MeriMaatiMeraDesh campaign.
" said Raymond Kharjana.
She said that this competition is not only about taking part in the competition, but the main thing is the goal and the goal is to empower women and to protect the environment.
This was stated by Samla Melajied Khongbuh, Publicity Secretary KSU Jaiaw Circle.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has scheduled to inaugurate the bridge on the 19th of this month.
The protest by the civil society regarding the ILP in the state in 2013 has lasted for about four months and after the government has resolved it, the civil society has also accepted the ILP. These issues are still pending and these civil society groups now want the government to call for the talks.
At this meeting, the Constitution of India was read out, which is to pledge to preserve the Constitution of the country and this is the highest issue in Khaddar rule.
This happened in West Garo Hills.
Those who will take part in the day will be ASHAs, Master Roll, Anganwadis and others to protest against the government's mistreatment of their employees.
The meeting of the PBCC on the 2nd of this month has been held without consultation.
The deceased are Youmila Laurong, 45, wife of Bah Dipherson Langwar, Warlis Laurong, 25, wife of Bah Thious Shadap, daughter of Mr. Dipherson Langwar and Mrs. Youmila Lamwar.
According to the figures, 11,12,925 lakh people have already received the first dose of Tika and those who have received the second dose of Tika have increased to 6,79,438 lakh. 17.92,363 lakh people.
Shallang is one of the areas where the coal market has grown in West Khasi Hills District and it is from this area that the coal market is located and the need for a police station is very important because The land that has increased in the market is also included.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the Registrar, Samla Readian S Nongrum said that during the meeting it was understood that the delay is not due to NEHU but due to the delay in submitting the answers. students from the colleges which they send to correct.
Meanwhile, the Central Government has directed the Meghalaya Government to appoint SSA teachers in schools which do not have these SSA teachers. they.
During these two days, thousands of people attended the exhibition and more than 90 large sohphans were brought from all over Garo Hills.
To ask for an answer to the same question according to Schedule No 2 of the RTI Act which clearly states that these questions should be asked by the Executive Engineer.
For the first time in the North East, Shillong, the Sarang helicopters were displayed at the Air Fest, which attracted thousands of visitors. a place to observe them.
Regarding the removal of old notes, 100 and 1000 notes, the UDP welcomes the money laundering and hidden money. , he asked why the Congress is lynga.
After receiving news that those under home quarantine are facing difficulties in getting food items, the union in a small force has gone to provide assistance to those under home quarantine and handed over to the Rangbah. Shnong to deliver to those who are not at home.
In this regard, the Seng has met from time to time with the Shillong Municipal Board and on 5th July 2023 it has submitted a petition and strongly warned that the SMB should take action against these people.
Shillong, Nailar 17: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today convened a meeting of the Cabinet to review the state of peace and order in Shillong.
During the meeting, the Minister of Home Affairs was pleased and said that the government is taking action on this issue.
Mr. Heasting explained to the participants about his journey as an entrepreneur and how he has been able to employ others and how to make different types of mommati and how to sell them. products to consumers and employers and how to market them.
The HNLC claims that it is ready to hand over witnesses to Madan Soni Gandhi, but fears that the witnesses will be destroyed under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma, the HNLC said.
Speaking to the 21-member team, Conrad K Sangma said he is pleased to see that in this team, there are 21 youths from the North East. India have been selected for this team.
President Droupadi Murmu swore in Modi, Rajnath Singh and Amit Shah at the swearing-in ceremony held at Rashtrapati Bhavan.
As well as lengthening the runways, it will build new apron bays to make way for those flying the aircraft which have now placed orders to purchase about 900 aircraft over the next 10 years.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Vivek Syiem said that police have received information that some Nagaland militants have come to Shillong. live in a house in Lumdiengsoh.
Guwahati, Nailar 12: The All Assam Students Union (AASU) today launched a draft agreement between India and Bangladesh to exchange land between the two countries.
Shillong, Lber 1: The Deputy CEM of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, who is also the EM in charge of the Elaka Department, today called for a meeting between the two Himas, Sohiong and Hima. Jirang Village in relation to the Hima of Nongwah Mawtyngur.
These unpaid taxes are VAT, CST, Meghalaya Luxury Taxation, Meghalaya Sale Tax. These taxes were paid before the introduction of GST, but all these taxes have been included under GST. The Cabinet today decided to amend the rules of procedure for the employees of the Metrological Department to implement a 40% quota for those with disabilities.
In the Full Budget in November, our Government will outline the path we are moving towards 'Viksit Bharat'
However, the Cabinet has rejected the request to remove 12% of the electricity supply to the state. The Cabinet has approved the decision that NEEPCO should supply 12% of the electricity to the state. The Cabinet has agreed to increase the market price of 100 tyngka per megawatt.
Referring to the GNM Nurse School which is under construction, he said the government is facing difficulties in getting teachers.
Assam, rich in its biodiversity, has a rich history of traditional medicine that has brought health to generations.
As a preparatory body for the North East, the NEC has launched the North East Resource Center (NERCEN) with the aim of promoting the use of remote sensing and satellite imagery. tourist based on GIS and visualization of road connectivity deficit.
It is for this reason that they did not go to work.
In fact, the school should have been opened before the school this year but surprisingly it has not been opened yet. old dilapidated and children find it difficult in the rainy season.
Shillong, July 09: The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District has enforced Section 144 CrPC on all the quarrying sites in the Amlarem Civil Sub Division.
On the occasion of the Environmental Protection Day, a tree planting ceremony was held at the ground floor of the Governor's House.
Before being appointed as AOC-In-C of the Eastern Air Command, he held various posts, including Assistant Chief of Air Force and Commandant, College of Air Warfare and before joining the EAC. he said the chief officer of the Central Air Command.
Shillong, Naiwieng 0: The Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) and the KHSU have asked the High Court to expedite the verdict on the issue of The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has investigated the allegation that there was a lack of authority in the passing of teachers.
The total number of cases in the state is 36, 18 in East Khasi Hills, 12 in Ri Bhoi, 2 in SWGH, 3 in WGH and one in East Jaintia Hills.
Donbok entered the Sardar police station at 10 pm and waited for less than 2 hours to answer before the police on the incident at Lumsurvey and the arrest of drug users and dealers. Speaking to reporters, Donbok said that his visit to the party is to work with the state police in connection with the incident on 23rd June. Regarding the illegal construction of houses in this area, he said that it is illegal for drug traffickers to smuggle drugs from Assam. that they may dwell in this place.
Police on receiving this information rushed to the scene together with the police teams in charge of the bomb blast department and when they reached the scene they said that these weapons were found. on 29/1/2024 at 6.30 pm.
They also said that the party and all its members are ready to fight by any means to ensure that the central government or the state government should not be allowed to try to mine uranium. for this shall destroy the nation.
This was stated by Aiciless Lyngdoh, General Secretary, KSU Umdohlun Circle.
The union sees this lack of authority of this Act and will oppose and demand that the government should implement the ILP to protect the jaidbynriew. “The MSS Act is different from the ILP. The MSS Act is not an expulsion law but an assistance law to introduce mynder,” said Bah Jahrin.
“The import of chickens from outside the state poses a threat to the health and safety of the consumers, as there is no step to check the health of the chickens imported from outside the state,” he said. The VPP has urged the Government to take immediate action and take strict measures to curb the import of cattle and other animals from abroad for consumption. that it shall not be for the benefit of the wildlife farmers of the State or by setting a price for the benefit of the wildlife farmers of this State.
In this meeting with the President of the UDP, he said that there is no need to change because it is clear that one person from one state cannot be a Schedule Tribe in another state. I'm wrong about the Khasi language.
Shillong, November 23: The rumor that Scheduled Tribe Certificate cannot be issued to Khasi children from Khasi mothers and fathers who take jait from their fathers is untrue and unfounded. Government Letter No. SW(S) 82/2011/ Pt.
Police also seized a box from the house of Md Feroz Khan and Md Manirul Ansari.
More than 8700 drone demonstrations have been conducted which has provided technological assistance to donors.
Students who are in this position should not have any doubts.
On the other hand, Ruben said that the land allocated in 1923 for the construction of the Temple will remain as it was allocated, but those who have been illegally occupied should be expelled according to the rules of law. The Forest Department said that once the report is received, it will meet with the DC to enforce the law once the report is received.
Shillong, November 10: The Cabinet meeting today decided to send back to the Governor of Meghalaya to enact the Administrator Rule within the KHADC, on the grounds that it does not have the strength.
Shillong, Lber 19: The Shillong Press Club (PIB) today held a media workshop, Vartalap at Shillong Club in collaboration with the Shillong Press Club.
Since the beginning of Pakhwada, more than 5 crore people of the country have participated in the 14-day Pakhwada.
According to him, the Police have decided to arrest all the criminals involved in smuggling, smuggling and money laundering.
On the other hand, there are some parakurs who have brought honor to announce the works that have been done in the society.
The march started from Laitumkhrah Square and ended at the State Central Library. Chief Minister Cornad K Sangma and Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District Matsiewdor War walked to Dhankheti.
The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) has set aside two periods a day for students to play up to class ten.
Shillong, November 07: Police today at 7 pm found Naik Lalhmubik, 30, of the ARC, dead at his home.
I have not yet thought about the mid-term elections and maybe in the coming days I will think and arrange this”.
Jowai, June 28: Leaders of the SRS-EJH, AJYWO-CGB, KSU-JHDU, HNYF-EJZ and FKJGP-KC held an emergency meeting this evening at Khliehriat. The General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of India (PCI) will be held at the Presbyterian Church in Laitumkhrah, Shillong from the 30th to the 4th of this month. Next month, the five organizations have temporarily lifted their 48 hour curfew in East Jaintia Hills District.
The people who came to see the paintings also praised the paintings.
Speaking to media, Bah Pynïaid said, “Recently, the Meghalaya High Court has ordered us to issue a Trading License after they knocked on the door of the court.
The HYC hopes that in the coming months the border will be resolved and before the 50th anniversary of the State we want to see that Meghalaya will have its own border. to sam.
The meeting was held at Paltan Bazar Shillong.
The union has also informed the Minister of State, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, who is also the MLA of the area.
The SP said that in the investigation into the seizure of the drugs, the police continued to conduct a raid on Tuesday morning under the leadership of Eldikinstar Sohtun at his residence in Mawpat, Police have recovered a Country Made Revolver, 7 unfired 0.22 rounds of ammunition, 6 unfired 38 rounds of ammunition, one fired round, three rounds of ammunition. 12 bore rifle, one mobile phone, T.2 lakh, one air gun, two Mahindra Thar, one Maruti Zen, one Maruti 800 and one Chevrolet Beat.
We as the organization which looks after the welfare of the society will not hesitate to monitor such cases , and if the organization finds these people we will hand them over to the authorities We also urge the police to prosecute according to the rules of law if these girls are found committing this crime.
Two policemen were injured in the blaze and were taken to the Civil Hospital for treatment while three others were discharged after treatment.
“Even I am confused about Aadhaar,” he said. “It is clear that the government has not forced anyone to register their names in Aadhaar, it is up to them. or a person to register for Aadhaar.
On the other hand, the leaders of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Rgh Wanllamphang Roy, Asst General Secretary Rgh Paia B. Synrem, Assistant Secretary Rgh Synroplang Kharshiing, members of the Seng Khasi Kmie were present. Kynthei Seng Khasi Kmie, President of Seng Khasi Mawlai Rgh DL Nongbri, accompanying dancers and hundreds of spectators were also present.
Shillong, Nailur 14: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya today launched the Mega IAS Scholarship in Meghalaya.
He said that when selecting project areas such as NER district-wise SDG index, aspirational districts, connectivity of rural areas and different areas, the poverty situation should be considered. .
Shillong, Nailur 29: The Mawsynram Constituency Welfare Organization (MCWO) today held a ceremony to honor the students of Mawsynram Constituency who have passed well in their examinations with more than 60%.
It is on this basis that NESO and all the student organizations in the North East of India are opposed to the CAB, 2016 bill. can give the answer only they can answer.
“If the Government has not been able to provide T.1 crore from the Chief Minister Relief Funds to the disaster victims in Sikkim, why can't it use the money from the Contingency Fund to release the scholarships that are still available? “It's still standing,” said Bah Synrem.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong said that the incident has happened as it appeared in the media but there is no information about the location but he confirmed that the incident did not happen in Mawlyndep.
On the other hand, the HNLC said that it is time for the MDA or NDA government to draft and implement the Anti-Dynasty Law if they want true democracy. New Delhi, Jymmang 15: The Power Finance Corporation (HNLC) has donated T.2.24 crore for the skill development of the HNLC. unemployed youth belonging to SC/ST/OBC/persons with disabilities/women and socially disadvantaged persons in seven states of the Northern Region through the Central Agricultural University (CAU) in Manipur under the CSR program of PFC for the season 2018-1
The one-day session will be held on the 12th of this month at the Temporary Session at Rilbong, Shillong.
“We went to meet the Director of Health Services, but she declined to say anything on this matter, but sent us to meet the senior officers of the Health Department,” he said. Skhemborlang.
He said that his visit today as the Government is to support the Muster Roll workers and said that his reaching the post of Prime Minister is through the guidance of God which he never thought of. In the midst of the Government under the leadership of the NPP since 2018, it has faced many challenges, but the Government has not lagged behind in the way it works since “From the Cabinet to the MLAs, from the Chief Secretary to the IAS officer, from the MCS to the Engineers to the farmers and the youth and this Government is for everyone from the big to the small,” he said.
Shillong, November 21: U Minister of Agriculture today launched a book on Ngap farming in Meghalaya at a meeting of the Ministry of Agriculture. "Beekeeping -2".
Also, perhaps by doing this it will help to clean up the rivers in Shillong including the Umkhrah and Umshyrpi rivers which are the rivers that have been cleaned up to check the pollution these days.
Shillong, Lber 25: The Mawsynram Constituency Welfare Organization (MLA) on Saturday honored Bah HM Shangpliang, MLA. The new election of Mawsynram Constituency.
From time to time, because you are allowed to enter lightly without a phalor.
