The NEP also aims to encourage critical thinking and a spirit of inquiry.
The same letter was also sent to the CEM of JHADC, Bah T Shiwat and the CEM promised to the journalists that the matter will be discussed with the Chairman.
Within a month, they came twice.
The foundation stone of the New Administrative Township was laid by the Chief Minister, the Emblem of the State was laid by the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh. The awards were given to the winners of Meghalaya Day,
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) West Khasi Hills District together with the Village Authorities of Wahkaji District have met with the Minister of State for Home Affairs (KSU) AT Mandal. block in Wahkaji lane.
Leading leaders of the Seiñ Raij Shillong and its office bearers, members of the JPK of the Seng Khasi Kmie, relatives from the elderly, elderly, women, youth, women and men and also even from early childhood.
Referring to the water supply scheme, he said that the allocation for this scheme is Rs 9.54 crore and the villages that should benefit from this scheme will be 52 villages. three villages.
Police have also seized money, two mobile phones and a plate containing gold from these two suspects. .
Meanwhile, the East Garo Hills district authorities have temporarily suspended the licenses for the purchase of firearms and no licenses will be issued for the purchase of firearms until the end of the elections.
As a sign of remembrance, a 1 minute silence was held followed by the laying of flowers at the Motdur Sah in memory of Kiang Nangbah.
Others who attended the meeting were Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong, AL Hek and Lahkem Rymbui.
There are 51 recoveries from West Khasi Hills, 27 from West Khasi Hills and 18 from East Khasi Hills. to 81746 people.
Shillong, Nailur 25: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah HS Shylla, on Tuesday said that he has received a letter from the Under Secretary of the Political Department of the State Government. The KHADC on 19th June 2017 on the demand of the HYC to implement the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation Act,
On the other hand, STIEH has questioned why the police department has not arrested a single person despite the allegation that there are about 20 perpetrators in the incident at Golflink Square.
For example, a person who is a native of Jaipur, but temporarily residing in Kolkata, can now apply for a passport at PSK/POPSK under RPO, Kolkata, and does not have to travel to Jaipur to submit the application from passport at PSK/POPSK in RPO, Jaipur.
The protest was on the grounds of condemning their silence on the demands of the party such as ILP and other national security laws.
Shillong, November 15: The Legislative Assembly today sent its condolences to the family of President Nelson Mandela (Madiba), former President of South Africa. The funeral service will be held today, December 16, 2013, at Quno, South Africa.
The Prime Minister did not say how long the Search Committee has been allowed to send the names to the government for the appointment of members. I'm sorry because I don't see the people who are in the court.
"“As in Majai which falls under the Hima Sohra, we have requested the NoC from the Syiem and if we have not received the NoC we cannot renew the license. foreign traders to go to Court," he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: In preparation for the International Day of Yoga on 21st July, the Regional Outreach Bureau Shillong together with the Field Outreach Bureau, Nongstoin have held a program on Yoga at JNV School, Mawphlang. today.
“The irresponsible government should have thought first to protect the indigenous people and not to arrest the mynder.
The ministry is taking necessary steps to provide support to the states and UTs to curb the disease, including financial assistance and technical assistance.
“For example, no teachers have been appointed for Mathematics and other subjects required in Arts yet.
The school has violated the fee structure of the students of the batch 2017-2020 at the time of admission.
In his speech to the students, he stressed that the students should spend time in physical activity and not take part in outdoor sports. of the NCC that they can contribute to the society by being good citizens.
This was stated by Bah Pyndapborthiaw in a statement.
Strong leadership, and oversight of the acquisition of knowledge is taught.
There are three tourist attractions in Phlangtyngor. One of the most amazing and unique is the discovery of the fourth floor bridge at Phlangtyngor, a village on the way to Pynursla. to Umniutmar, Nongjri and Nongshken.
During this period of one month they will be trained in many areas that they will have a sense of courage in them.
Shillong, Nailur 28: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 95 cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in the state. Khasi Hills 16 cases, total cases
Jowai, Nailur 08: The JSU (JSU) has decided to reject the JSU's decision to demand that the JHADC set up a committee on the Pnar alphabet. public explanation according to the principles of the Seng.
If you have the desire, you don't have to worry about doing anything. You don't have to worry about doing anything. You don't have to worry about it. grow as the days go by with hard work and perseverance.
The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government has taken the initiative to build the Governor's residence in Tura and has called a tender for the construction at a cost of T.9.93 crore.
Other speakers at the meeting were Parliamentary Secretary, Noverfield R Marak, Deputy Commissioner Pravin Bakshi and Principal FHWTS, Rongkhon, Smokegreen R Marak.
This Mawpator has two rivers against Mawryngkhang.
The winners of these competitions, the first, second and third place winners will be selected to compete in the National Painting Competition, which will be organized by the CGWB to be held in New Delhi on the 27th of this month. months to come.
Bah Lurshai died at Sohra CHC in critical condition.
Today, I witness the opening of this landmark project, I remember his vision and also his hard work.
The display of the portraits of these three heroes of the state at Raj Bhavan is the beginning of showcasing to the world the presence of freedom fighters from this state.
Students have to pay for the desks and chairs they use! That fee was not included in their tuition fees.
The residents of Balat want full protection so that Balat will not lose its name from this earth.
In this incident, the wheels of the vehicle were damaged but the driver managed to escape and escaped without injury although the vehicle was damaged.
Regarding the protection of women, the government has taken many measures by deploying women police officers in police stations.
In these two health centres, 650 people have received assistance. This health center has helped the people in need of assistance in the border villages with Bangladesh. The BSF troops not only conducted the treatment but also distributed computers, water tanks, plastic chairs, khiew and other items to the villages. neighborhood and school children as well.
The highest expenditure in 2022-23 includes revenue expenditure of T.14,864 crore followed by cash expenditure of T.2,742 crore.
Hame scored 21 points and Hassan 12 points.
As necessary to raise the interest of the people who are the electors to be elected to the Assembly or District Councils as well.
“We live in a world where the world markets have opened up to everyone, what happens in Europe affects the United States, what happens in India affects other parts of the world and so on. etc.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: Former President of the Khasi Students' Union (NESO) has been elected as the Chairman of the Khasi Students' Union (NESO). of the northeastern part of India.
The number of participants in these 19 sports in the 4Meghalaya Games 2022 is 2600 and till today there are still many who want to take part. section.
The Minister said that the HPC has asked for three months to respond to the Blue Print but the government has ordered them to respond by 10th June 2023 as the government has already submitted it. They will give the answer so that the government can take a decision.
The Mama of the family, Bah Hermon Rynkhlem, has expressed his deep sorrow and grief over the loss of his loved ones in such an unexpected incident.
In this incident, one of the injured persons was taken to the hospital by the residents.
The General Secretary of Shillong Circle, Samla Request Pakma, has reminded that the price of petrol was only 69 tyngka before the lockdown due to the spread of Corona virus. days and it costs up to 100 tyngka per litre.
Shillong, March 13: The President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Dr Donkupar Roy on Tuesday said that if the HSPDP is strong, it will be able to win the elections. three MLAs in
For example, neighboring countries like Tibet, Nagaland have declared themselves as independent countries but have not yet become independent. Even the Jews before 1948 were stateless until they have received recognition from other countries of the world.
During his election campaign, Conrad said that only the NPP party works for the indigenous people and for the Christians.
“This action of NIOS has put us teachers in doubt and shows that NIOS cannot conduct this training as it should be,” said Aristotle C. Rymbai President MSSASA Central Body.
Ashwin Gurung and Navin Thapa were the two who wanted to clean the bike.
The goal of ITM 2022 should be to showcase the opportunities available in tourism in the Northeast for both locals and those abroad.
According to a government announcement issued on 15/11/2008, Bah Buam IPS has been appointed as the Director General of the Prisons Department, but he continues to hold the post of Head of the Prisons Department. CID within the police department.
Kharshiing said that it would help to reduce many of the protests and violence that arise from time to time in Meghalaya if the Government of India creates a legislative party-less federal council or He urged the Regional Council to take action on these requests especially during the ongoing talks to amend the Sixth Schedule between the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo Chiefs. ADCs, State Government and Local Government.
The campaign aims to promote the participation of women in water related activities.
Speaking to media, the Chairman of the Parish Youth Wing, Bah Carmel Lyngdoh said that this Soh Phlang Festival will be held for the first time in the state.
Police are investigating the incident.
However, the deterioration of the roads in these busy markets is extreme and the state government has not taken any action to talk to the Ministry of Commerce and the Ministry of Foreign Trade of the Union Government. to improve roads.
Shillong, November 29: The Assistant Manager of Mawmluh Cherra Cement Ltd has lodged a complaint with the Sohra Police Station that on the 24th and 25th of this month, unidentified persons have broken into the laboratory room of Mawmluh Cherra Cement Ltd. a chemical storage plant and offices.
Ejum Riba of Arunachal Pradesh has described the hero Birsa Munda as Napoleon of France.
HS Shylla said that the soul and heart of PN Syiem is no longer with the PDF but with the PDF, that is, not with the People's Democratic Forum but with the People's Democratic Front.
Nailar 28: The State Government in a statement today has warned the residents that those who steal money from the insurgents will be imprisoned for 40 years or with a fine. issued through the Ministry of Home Affairs of the State Government.
He said that thousands of necessary documents have been destroyed in these three rooms.
“Last year we requested the Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh to listen to our complaint as the illegal entry of tourist vehicles from outside the state has affected the country. “It's our income,” said Bah Dohling.
Shillong, March 08: The Meghalaya State Disaster Management (MSDM) will conduct a public training in all districts of the state on 12/10/2 starting at 9.00 am.
The smuggling of cattle is still rampant in the Laijury area of ​​East Jaintia Hills District. Besides the smuggling of cattle, there are many other illegal activities which the BSF has been monitoring at the border.
According to the petition, the union has informed the DC that to apply for Birth Certificate now at WJHD, the people have to bring with them the witnesses and also the delay in getting the Birth Certificate. It takes months with thousands of tyngka until you get a Birth Certificate.
Police have learned that these Bangladeshis were arrested by the residents of the village on the border with Bangladesh and after that they informed the state police to take these Bangladeshis.
The border settlement talks should be based on mutual respect between the two governments and not the jeep of Assam and the trailer of Meghalaya.
In the petition, the Chief Minister urged the Central Government to accept the request of the State Government.
Shillong, Iaiong 21: The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) has issued a warning that the weather conditions in these days will bring heavy rainfall in the country. in some parts of Meghalaya and Assam.
Regarding other roads other than this road, u Bah Daniel said that this is up to the wisdom of the KHADC. come.
Shillong, Lber 14: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has arrived in Aizawl, Mizoram to meet with Mizo leaders Zirlai Paul to resolve the issues faced by the Khasi people. They met in Khasi Veng, Vairangte, Kolasib District, Mizoram.
General Secretary MNH&VA welcomed the visitors and thanked the Chairman of NESA for providing the 3rd Computer Course. months for any newspaper vendors who want to read computers.
The domestic workers group is one of the most discriminated against in the country.
Shillong, Naiwieng 03: The visit of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on the part of 14 civil society organizations, has alleged that Dr Mukul Sangma has not taken over the post of mynder. This is according to a statement issued by the President of the KSU, Bah Daniel.
In the complaint, Bah Bashemlad said that while he was going to Polo market to buy medicine, some people asked him for permission to burn cigarettes and after that he fell unconscious.
Another issue that the union wants to express is the non-payment of T.104 crore by the government to the teachers. a letter to the government to release this money.
" said Mr. MH Dkhar.
At this meeting, he said that he will direct the SMB and the Urban Development Department to take a sample from this toilet to bring about changes in the public toilets in Shillong to bring about cleanliness. suspect.
Police also rushed to the scene and the robbers, when they heard the crowd, fled the scene before they arrived. can get this girl released.
There are restrictions, there are protections and if necessary we can provide, and I mean, if I want the road but I don't give land, that can't happen at all,” he said. Run.
This has been going on for several years and has caused serious problems in terms of loss of income and even loss of lives,” he said.
This figure was taken after consultation between the DC, KHADC and the office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima.
She said that the area has always been strong in sports.
Shillong, Nailur 15: Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, Member of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, today launched four books belonging to the Department of Khasi Education at the North Eastern Hill University. , Shillong.
Shillong, Nailur 19: U President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, Bah Ernest Mawrie today distributed PPE to the employees of the Municipal in Marten.
The wages shall be the same for all those who work for the same job and the wages shall be paid according to the fixed rate.
Those interested can apply before the 18th of this month.
During the visit, the Prime Minister spoke to the doctors in charge of the hospitals and the need for staff.
Speaking at the opening ceremony of the Table Tennis Tournament at the SAI Indoor Stadium at NEHU today, the Minister of State for Sports said that the Meghalaya government is deeply saddened by this incident. and sends her condolences to the family.
If they no longer fall within the boundary of the District Council and the Dorbar Shnong, it will fall within the boundary of someone else.
The BSF seized drugs worth T.3.74 lakh from South Garo Hills on Tuesday morning. This information has led to a shrip at the border.
Chief Secretary DP Wahlang, CVD Diengdoh and other state government officials were also present at the meeting.
Answering questions, Shylla said that the goal of the EC is to ban clean marriage, but it has not banned marriage. which they should receive as Khasi.
He also reminded that the people have not only rights, but also duties as citizens who carry the responsibility of the country and the nation.
The gold was smuggled from Bholaganj on the Indo-Bangla border.
The UDP President said that the Lamphang can vote only when there is a matter of no confidence, but in the elections, the vote was wrong on the part of the Lamphang.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed that 17 people have recovered from the disease, 51 people are still in critical condition and 10 of them are in hospital for treatment. there are 9 of them.
He said that the Sengbhalang has no intention to overthrow the government or the Prime Minister and is not involved with any political party as alleged by the MUA government under the leadership of U.S. Sengbhalang. Dr Mukul.
Before the two Regional Committees of the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam visit the areas involved in the boundary dispute in the second phase of the boundary demarcation, the Boundary Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous Council (KHADC) On Tuesday, it met with all the chiefs of these areas in the midst of the border dispute.
On this day, religious leaders from all over the country came to take part, different churches came to take part, believers from the Zou group in Shillong came to take part in this march. public.
From 95,270 in 2018 (22% of all complaints), these have increased to 4,44,034 in 2023 (43% of all complaints).
New Delhi, March 04: The National Crisis Management Committee (NCMC) under the chairmanship of Cabinet Secretary Rajiv Gauba today met to review the situation in Sikkim.
He urged the students of the college to be hardworking so that they can improve in all aspects.
Many of the residents have come to complain to the union about the lack of electricity in the area which has affected the work of the residents and school children who are preparing for the mid-year examination especially for the residents who love them. They don't have the opportunity to witness the World Cup.
Minister Duh said that in recent weeks, the country has achieved two major achievements in sports.
In the last five years, our government has made a concerted effort to provide facilities to meet the daily needs of the common man.
To honor women, Meghalaya is the leading state in the state where the mother is the caretaker of the family since childhood.
Such persons should also be registered.
The program will be implemented in 10 schools under Mawlai C&RD Block in East Khasi Hills District and the number of children who will benefit from this program will be 10,000 from Class I to V. The Child Development Program is expected to provide training to children in many areas such as self-care, physical education or interest in sports among others.
Robert said that there is a suspicion that these people are from Assam and there is an allegation that they have also received the residents of Garo Hills. accept if people obtain documents by fraud.
There are 9 new cases of COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, 1 in East Jaintia Hills, 1 in East Khasi Hills, 4 in Ri Bhoi and 1 in West Garo Hills. There are 8 recoveries, 1 death today and 1 death from East Khasi Hills District. The total number of deaths from East Khasi Hills District has risen to 1593 cases, 1075 cases in East Khasi Hills.
On the arrest of the Mawhati MLA, Shongkor said he has nothing to say on this. What he has to do is only according to the rules of the Legislative Assembly. who had what he had to butt.
The protest went smoothly but after the protest ended, the police threw stones at the crowd in which 5 female policemen were injured and 1 male policeman was injured. I was amazed at this incident.
Shillong, Nailur 29: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday said that the KHADC's position on the border is based on the boundaries of the Khasi Hills. the Government of Meghalaya.
On behalf of the Seng, we wish this young man the best of luck in his future as a sportsman and as a rich nation, we look forward to the name and glory that he will bring more and more in the coming days. not only for the family but for the District and the country as a whole.
The meeting, which lasted nearly four hours, was conducted by teachers and members of MLCU and SPIKAP on the need to have a detailed record of the unique plants of Meghalaya.
He said that there has been an increase in the number of roads that can be used at any time and highways along with connectivity to rural areas.
I started screaming and my daughter came running and saw that I was bleeding.
If the rule of law is passed, these laws that exist now will remain in force, but if the rule of law is passed, all these laws will be repealed.
Regarding this, the BSF said that the shooting was carried out by the people because they came in at midnight.
On the other hand, Bah AL Heak, Member of the Hospital, said that the aim of the Hospital is to provide services to the people at the best and at the lowest cost to the people of the State especially. that the State has a problem in relation to the lack of adequate health care facilities in the State.
He said that until today, the border of Sam has not been recognized by the Khasi States, but more than 500 Hima Sha to Thor have lost their dams because they signed the Instrument of Merger. Thus, to this day, the word KHASI STATES appears in the First Schedule of the Constitution of India.
“If the building is here, we understand that we need a bridge for entry and exit and traffic.
The purpose of these amended guidelines is to understand the current benefits of the first phase of the curfew and also to further facilitate the spread of COVID-19 and at the same time to provide assistance to farmers, workers and labourers.
Shillong, March 03: MSSASA Central Body President Aristotle C. Rymbai on Tuesday said that the union demands that the government should release the arrears of teachers before the 20th of this month. The party will not hold a protest.
Shillong, July 21: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) has elected new office bearers of the CoRP Nongpoh Circle. Nongpoh area which is the head quarter of the district.
The Seng also condemns the enforcement of Section 144 CRPC by the district authorities on 16th September where the Sengs have expressed their demands to the Deputy Commissioner. show lane with bor.
KSU Shillong Eastern Circle in the morning closed down the Post Office in Mairang, while members of KSU Shillong Mihngi Circle closed down the NIFT and NEIAH. ha Mawdiangdiang and after the meeting with the relevant authorities, it was explained that they will celebrate this great day of the jaidbynriew.
The Vicar General of the Diocese of Shillong , Rev. Fr. Richard Manbha Majaw , has announced the rules and boundaries of the new Parish to the neighboring parishes of Mawryngkneng, Mawpat, Nongrah and Mawbri.
In his speech, Himanta Biswa Sarma, Chief Minister of Assam said, “Prime Minister Duh has emphasized on the development of Jammu and Kashmir and the North Eastern States since he assumed office. claim.
Two coal and iron ore mining projects in Nagaland have been completed without funding from NMET.
A total of 636 students were honored by the Synod College on this occasion. On the same day, 9 students were also awarded the Synod College Academic Excellent Award including Iosuklang Thabah. 5th position, Zoology (H) 85.25%.
It is also their right to earn as much as they can in this largest market in Khasi-Jaintia.
In the evening, there will be a Christmas celebration with children from all over the country. She will meet with the Chief Executive Members of Khasi and Jaintia Hills, prominent figures of the country. The meeting will be held at Windermere Resort. , Umpling, Shillong.
Police have taken up the matter for investigation.
Because these two parties are in the government, and also work together in the District Councils, the UDP has appointed a person in KHADC while a person of the NPP has been appointed in JHADC. The Additional Deputy Commissioner in charge of Pynursla Civil Sub-Division, Pynursla has enforced Section 144 CrPC to ban trucks carrying excessive loads passing through the Dawki Bridge.
The Chairman of the HBRF said that the Khasi-Pnar people in Block I are facing many problems because they are not allowed to live with the Karbi.
On the other hand, Bah Barnabas Nangbah, General Secretary of the Catholic Association Shillong, in a statement, said that the Catholic Association Shillong strongly condemns such an incident. three churches of the Catholic Church in Sri Lanka.
Shillong, November 18: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) today laid a wreath at the memorial of Soso Tham at the State Central Library to commemorate the 79th death anniversary of Soso Tham. you are a Khasi people.
These goods have also been handed over to the Custom Office for further action according to the rules of law.
Shillong, June 27: The Health Department of the Martin Luther Christian University (MLCU) has conducted a free health check-up at Umtong village under Mawkynrew Block.
“Ka seng is very pleased after we learned that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the State Government headed by Dr. Ampareen on the 8th of this month has approved to send for the construction of these two Health Sub Centre.
On the other hand, Bah Lyngdoh said that he supports the resolution in connection with the demand for the amendment of the Constitution Schedule Tribe Order
In fact, the residents of Pahar Umkiang Village have been without electricity for more than two months since 20th June, 2024, due to the breakdown of the transformer in Pahar Umkiang Village.
“Tomorrow, if the writing on the government document is written in Garo, whether it will cause problems or not, how can we do that?
The police are conducting a search operation against the drug traffickers. The vehicle was seized at Byrnihat Police Station.
The BJP has found that the exchange of money has been successful in that 80% of the jobs in the country have decreased, the hidden money has reached the banks and the presence of counterfeit money has disappeared. more.
Jowai, Jymmang 6: The Meghalaya Electric Corporation Limited (MeECL) has decided to repair the transformer of the CHC in Laskein. Hills.
He also alleged that Cosmos Cement Limited has been given permission by the Acting Doloi to operate in the forest which falls under the jurisdiction of Sutnga Elaka.
On the other hand, the civil society organizations said, “We stand firmly against this plan which is against the people.
Shillong, July 15: U Prestone Tynsong Symbut, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that after receiving requests from all religious groups, the government should allow the performing of rituals in places of worship. The Government has accepted the request and has decided to allow the marriage registration only in accordance with the rules.
The deceased was identified as Gongme Marak,
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The State Level Inter School Athletic Meet 2024 organized by the Sports Department of the State Government today reached its final in the East. Khasi Hills District won the title by winning 21 medals including 12 gold, 6 silver and 3 bronze medals.
““Those who work in the fields, because there are Khasi who employ foreigners, we have given them a six-month suspension and they should not employ foreign workers.
He also said that the party has taken advantage of the people.
The HYC in this inspection wanted to know who allowed these people to live in this area, the HYC found that this area where they live is very private.
One of the roads which the union has demanded to be cleaned is the road from Umpung to Mawpud, while the road from Phlangdiloin to Phlangmawprah, Nongmluh to Nongmalang should be cleaned.
The farmers have tried many ways to eradicate the niangsaiddho but to no avail.
Referring to the efforts to protect Shillong, the DGP said that the government has approved the purchase of 80 bikes to fight against the deployment of police in the villages and areas. they don't have anything.
km area where entertainment and educational programs will be provided to the audience in the nearby villages and towns.
Shillong, Nailur 02: There are 14 new cases of COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, 1 in East Khasi Hills, 4 in Ri Bhoi and 1 in South West Khasi Hills. Garo Hills 4 West Jaintia Hills
The office said that if the government cannot reduce the rent, they can move the office from Shillong to Guwahati as before.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: U Bah Toki Blah today was appointed as the Chairman of the Social Audit Council (SAC) for a term of five years.
Shillong, July 6: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today announced that 488 people have tested positive for COVID-19 and 5583 people are still in critical condition in the state.
The difference between the language and customs of the Khasi Pnar and the Garo.
He said that the party is proud of him because if it hadn't been for the introduction of the law not to sell land to foreigners, our country would have become one of the states that has been invaded by foreigners. bar states.
“The evasion of taxes has caused a lot of losses to the Government and the state has suffered in income since the ban on the mining and transportation of coal by the National Green Tribunal (NGT,” he said. more and more of Mr. Pasi.
Modi said the identity of the world, Asia and many countries lies in Nalanda and that its revival is not only the revival of parts related to India.
Shillong, Lber 12: Deputy CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Shillong, Lber 12: Police of East Khasi Hills District and Ri Bhoi District have seized a Bolero Picup (ML-12-3243) and seized explosives from the vehicle.
Police have seized the body of the deceased according to the rules of law.
During the visit of the Minister of Education to the North Eastern Hills University, Irani said that the university should open a department for students. The Ministry of Arts and Culture of the Government of Meghalaya has also set up a research center for the people of this area.
Although these issues have been raised with the authorities for almost a year, it seems that the authorities have not paid any attention.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has urged them to cooperate but they have not been able to do so because they cannot work. without payment.
Shillong, June 12: The Meghalaya SSA School Teachers Association (MSSASA) has decided to hold a strike by not going to school from the second day if the government does not grant their demand. This decision was announced by the President of the National Assembly, Bah Aristotle Rymbai at a public meeting at the Additional Secretariat today.
This is according to a statement sent by the Chief Organizer of the FKJGP Central Body.
The KSU will not hesitate to arrest its members or leaders but we will not rest to work for the health of the people by continuing to take measures to prevent foreigners from entering the country. within the state so that no problems arise later.
At the meeting held at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall today, it was decided that the KHADC will send the draft amendment to all the 54 Himas under the jurisdiction of the KHADC. They shall read this and shall meet within two days to discuss.
Shillong, July 20: U Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA of Laban constituency today while talking to reporters regarding an incident which appeared in the newspapers last month in connection with the The EM in charge of the trading license inspection was visited by Bah Latiplang Kharkongor.
On the other hand, Bah John welcomed this and said he will work for the party.
Rose Mary of Siju, South Garo Hills has been hit by a bus halfway in Assam while she was leaving Duhnoi for Goalpara.
Synrem said that during the inspection, they found that all these houses have light but the surprising thing is that they don't have light in each house but through the light from another house. They have been able to ring the lights in all these houses which amount to more than 80 houses.
From time to time, the residents have complained about the lack of health facilities and doctors in CHC Mawkyrwat.
He also gave an example of how the past battalions of the ARC have maintained their training and dignity as soldiers to defend the country. The east and the west should not go to the thong.
The tournament will be held in two categories, A and B category.
On the other hand, the women who live on the Saturday bill to improve their livelihood expressed their gratitude to the MLA for building bridges and footpaths. now they don't have to walk through the narrow roads that fall to the ground during the rainy season.
The DMHO said that according to the information gathered, many children in the area suffer from night blindness due to vitamin A deficiency. you are responsible for the way you eat.
The gross GST collection in June 2022 was the highest, exceeding Rs 25,000 crore compared to the second highest collection of Rs 1,42,095 crore last month.
Harsh Choudhary of Rajasthan reached the final in the light heavyweight category 75-80kg after defeating Delhi's Harsh Lakra.
The meeting was attended by Bah Lamkupar Kurbah Sports Secretary. Bah Victor Lyngdoh Kynshi explained the working methods of the party. The President of the District is Apbor Nongrum.
So far, 1,67,265 samples have been taken, 1,60,004 have tested negative and 45,205 have returned.
After listening to the speeches of all the leaders who came to take part, it was better if the KHADC appealed to the court and at the same time there was also a feeling that it should demand. The Meghalaya Town Planning Act, 1989 and the Meghalaya Town Planning (Amendment) Act,
Besides being the hub of trade between India and Bangladesh, the Land Port at Dawki also facilitates the movement of people from one side to the other of the border between the two countries.
Therefore, once again, the union urges the government to disclose the names of those who have been infected with covid.
Shillong, July 03: The FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle has expressed its gratitude to the Executive Engineer PWD Road Division for taking care of the demands of the FKJGP. The entire population of Upper Shillong.
The chief guests at the ceremony were Bah B Kharchandi, ADM, Violet Lyngdoh, MDC and other dignitaries including the President of the Union of Khasi Writers, the Khasi Authors' Society, Dr DRL Nonglait, teachers and students from the area.
At the same time, the village strongly condemns the bloodthirsty people who took the life of Bah Lovelystar Khongjoh from Umblai.
JYF Central Body has requested RTI to find out about the purchase of cement by cement companies in Narpuh, Sutnga and Rymbai districts. The company has already purchased and registered with the JHADC which is the land manager in Jaintia Hills.
The Chief Minister said that the roster will be accepted by the Meghalaya Government. everyone especially the political parties have to see that it is successful all the political parties should be involved in the dialogue.
Former Assistant Inspector General (AIG) of the State Police, Bah GK Iangrai on Friday lodged a complaint against the Director General of Police (DGP) Lajja Ram Bishnoi for allegedly using damage to the registration number plate of the vehicle.
He said AYUSH can bring about income growth in the North East through health care, medical tourism and sale of medicinal plants.
The company owns 240.55 hectares of land in Sohbar.
The MCCL has written to the government for assistance in paying their salaries.
According to Section 11 of the Meghalaya Lokayukta Act, 2014, “notwithstanding anything relating to any law in force, the Lokayukta shall appoint an Inquiry Wing headed by a Director of Inquiry for the purpose of to conduct an investigation into any allegation made by any government servant who may be punished under the Prevention of Corruption Act,
This was announced by the President of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Bah Ernest Mawrie.
Her son Wansalan Suchiang, 14, Kitlangki Suchiang, 10, and daughter Riwanka Suchiang, 8, were admitted to MCH Hospital, Jowai.
This day was celebrated as 'Parakram Diwas', the birth anniversary of Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose to inspire the students from the life of this great leader and instill in them a sense of patriotism.
The Executive Committee will meet with the State Governors and District Councils to approve the Clan Administration Bill
New Delhi, Nailar 31: The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi today through X Post congratulated the scientists and engineers who have completed the construction of the Kakrapar Nuclear Power Plant. The fourth phase has been fully implemented, which has been able to generate up to 700 MWe of electricity.
Shillong, March 14: The Director of Health Services (DHS) today said that three people have died of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District.
In the final match, Kur Rynjah scored five goals and Kur Kharumnuid scored 7 goals. This Kur Rynjah became the winner among the 34 Kurs of Ri Khasi. who came to take part in this game.
TS Thangkhiew wanted to know whether it is possible to change the course of this road by avoiding the uranium area, if it is lost it will be the loss of development schemes, said Bah Adelbert. Nongrum MDC from Jaiaw said that the road is very bad.
Superintendent of Police (City) Pankaj Kumar Rasgania said that Cleenstar Shabong is also involved in 10 criminal cases, of which only one case has been charged.
More than 60 houses and shops inside Hat Mawdon, Ryngkut, Patakat and Telsora have been affected by the floods. Many other villages have been affected by the floods.
Nasar Marwein, a resident of Umsur village in South West Khasi Hills District, has won the MDC election 2019 from Langrin Constituency.
When trying to find out who wrote the article, it was not possible to know because those who spoke to them said that they don't know who wrote the article but it was in the well.
Furthermore, when it was seen that besides the color road, it was changed to be cleaned with dewbilat and that it was still very small besides the road which has been a violation of the rights of the residents by trying to intimidate. and also to no longer be allowed to pass as a public road.
In Ri Bhoi, the date will be scheduled for the 8th of this month.
The HPC has ordered that no one will be allowed to enter the area and the Dome will be covered so that water will not be able to enter the area if it rains. at this meeting today.
The shooting death led by the state police, has caused a stir in which they did not expect that the law enforcement agencies would attack on this road. The 14 MLAs were able to submit the letter in person and Prestone was submitted to the office.
When asked about the money, Bah Disparsing said that the report does not mention how the money was spent but it shows that T.9.28 crore was spent on drug addicts since from 2010 to
In Rangthong and Mawkyrwat alone, more than 400 people have been tested negative.
The remaining T.21 crore will be used for the construction of the Council's facilities.
Another child who is also the son of one of the arrested persons was also arrested from the vehicle. 10 grams of drugs.
The Symbut Myntri Rangbah said that these markets which are held once a day will start opening from 29/06/2020 this month.
In a statement sent by the two leaders, the AJYWO said that it will continue to follow up on the bill light which costs more than T.100/- computer and organization will do the needful.
On the occasion, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, the Chief Minister's Secretary, Sniawbhalang Dhar, MLA, AL Hek and Kyrmen Shylla of the State Government.
“The question now is how the announcement has not been issued and is still in the process of being prepared while the advertisement is still in progress.
Replying to a question, the Speaker of the House, Dr Donkupar Roy said, “Yes, this book has changed the speech of the Governor in the House.
The central theme of the workshop was “Ayurveda for Longevity”.
The Rajbala MLA said that the demand for the district in these areas is to make it easier for the government to look after the implementation of government schemes, to improve the work of the government. The residents to bring the rural villages closer to the government offices and this will help to prevent the flow from the rural areas to the urban areas and will make it easier to control the riots.
Fr.Ferdinand Dkhar is the fourth Bishop of the Diocese of Jowai. Before that, the Diocese of Jowai was headed by Bishop Vincent Kympat from 2006 until his death in Bishop Victor Lyngdoh from 2011 to
On the other hand, all the speakers besides expressing their support for the implementation of the ILP in Meghalaya, also demanded the immediate implementation of the MRSSA in Meghalaya. It should take a decision or convene a special session to take a decision to urge the Central Government to amend the CAA,
The complaint was also against the appointment of Ministers by the Syiem which appears to be an act of violence.
He said the CPA is working to strengthen the Commonwealth's determination to reach the heights of democracy and parliament.
If you want peace and stability in the state please release the leaders immediately without any conditions and stop the construction of the railway line. ".
The Chief Minister said that the opening of bank branches will help in the work of the banks and will bring them closer to the people especially in the rural areas.
I don't believe it.
On the part of the KSU, those who will attend the meeting convened by the Ministry of Home Affairs to discuss the CAB on 30/11/2019 in Delhi, are Samla Donal. General Secretary James Hitler Mawphniang, President Lambostartwell Marngar and NESO Chairman Samuel B Jyrwa were also present.
So far, 96390 people have tested positive for COVID-19, 94670 people have recovered and 1617 people have died in the state.
Shillong, July 4: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today announced that 808 people have recovered from COVID-19 today, bringing the total number of recoveries to
Our parents encouraged us not to be afraid.
When the candidate goes to the people in different villages, the party supporters say that he is a high level candidate who was dropped from heaven without consulting them.
If the KSU has to take such measures, these communities and the Government will have to take responsibility if anything tragic happens,” said the General Secretary of the KSU. “It is a ploy to implement their plans, which they have had since ancient times,” he added.
The Prime Minister said that he could not elaborate as the investigation is ongoing and there are still people whom the police are looking for involved in the bomb blast in front of the party office. .
Shillong, Nailar 23: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today attended the Behdeainkhlam ritual at Mukhla in West Jaintia Hills District.
Sadon Blah General Secretary HNYF said that the introduction of the CAA by the Government of India is like teaching us to carry guns. We are the ones who have forced us to wear military uniforms and to shoot guns.
Many of the residents have tried to buy water at a reasonable price by witnessing that the water farmers who bring water have to transport it from far away until it costs about Rs.1,000 / - (One thousand rupees) only about 1,000 litres.
We urgently need a law to explain the working methods of the Dorbar/Seng Kur. , especially if those Kurs do not have Ministers or Bakhraws, their rights as 'KHUN KI HAJAR' are before the Hima Dorbar and if the Khlieh Nongsynshar does not convene the Hima Dorbar, how will the children of the thousands do? The Kur Dorbars are the bloodline of the Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raid and Dorbar Hima. We see many Dorbar Kur are strong, but it is not enough because in this age of laws we face conflicts with them. Acts, Rules and Regulations' which cannot implement the Kur Acts especially since we are an impartial government where there is no ruling or opposition.
He said that the date and time will be announced as soon as the information is received.
Looking at the basics, the states and UTs have conducted district consultations and censuses through the mobile app.
He said that the cost of treating one child per month is T.45,000/- tyngka.
At present, the supply of LPG can be through Paradip Refinery, Haldia Refinery and IPPL Haldia.
“The definition of democracy by Abraham Lincoln is for the people by the people... but in today's age the definition of democracy – if you do good you are blamed and if you do bad I'm also accused,” said Bah Danggo.
Shillong, July 21: Many churches and especially the supporters of the UDP from Umroi Constituency have requested the UDP party leaders to give them tickets for the upcoming elections. Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has been appointed by Bah Field Marshall Mawphniang.
“We understand that it is not easy to prevent the deterioration of roads as Meghalaya receives the highest rainfall per year.
The two villages led by Bah Lovingstone Kharkongor, Sordar of Umphyrnai Village and Bah Pyndaplang Kharsahnoh, Sordar of Lamlyer Village led the ceremony in the presence of Village Authorities from these villages.
Shillong, July 13: The National President of the National People's Party (NPP) Conrad K Sangma today welcomed former Meghalaya Speaker Elstone Marak to the party at a public meeting held at Adokgre to launch the 2013 elections. party's election campaign in Garo Hills.
Shillong, Iaiong 13: The order of the Union Government led by the BJP and other parties in the NDA platform to hold Digital India Day on Good Friday is wrong and disrespectful. other beliefs and that we strongly condemn such violation of the right to freedom of worship.
They come only to steal the wealth of the Bri u Hynniewtrep, they do not bring any benefit.
Shillong, March 13: Ka Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Tuesday sent a petition to the Chief Engineer of PWD Roads to express its opposition to the construction of a pandal for the Puja on the road under the jurisdiction of the PWD Roads. PWD because this has caused congestion, traffic jam and discomfort to pass through the pandals for non-Hindus.
According to the law, people should not carry more than 50,000 rupees before the end of the election.
This is the first time that the flag of the country has been hoisted in this village.
This is the first gold medal for Meghalaya at the 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022 in Shillong.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Dawanbor Diengdoh said that they have been accused of taking part in the protest against the distribution of foodgrains in the area to some of the people of the rangbah. the village of Modan Singh.
Simi Khongtiang, Director of the film, said that the central theme of the film is about love. Ekra Yan Production has produced several films, and the first film they have produced is Scope. Dathehlut has won the Best Film Award. She said that she hopes that the film which will be released in a few days will be a success.
In June there will be a music festival in Shillong, in Nailar and Nailur they will carry the torch of victory from Guwahati to Shillong and in Nailar they will hold a ball match in Jorhat, a march on the road. David Scott's journey in November.
The Minister of Sports and Youth Welfare, Assam Government, Nandita Garlosaka said that the participation of the papon will enrich the program to open the tournament.
Assistant Director, DYSA, Government of Meghalaya, PB Warjri, State Director, NYKS, Atul J Nikam, Deputy Director, NYS Meghalaya, D Rapsang, President, Meghalaya Cycling Association, LeningBareh, Vice President, MCA, BanshanKhyllaitki attend this day along with others.
Also present were the Minister of Sports, Zenith M Sangma, Chief Secretary, KS Kropha and officials of the Sports Department of the State Government. , Lt Gen Shokin Chauhan gave the welcome speech.
The Syiem and the District Council have also arranged to hold the election and the date has been fixed today. The reason for the suspension of this election is that the former Rangbah Shnong has complained that the 59 voters are not from that village, but they have already been recognized by the District Council. There are 129 Rangbha Shnongs in the village but 59 of them have been excluded due to allegations that they were not eligible to participate in the election. the village chief.
The album was produced by Leobert R Sangma and released by KC Momin.
Shillong, July 20: The Telecom of the Union Government, which is one of the suppliers of telephone services, has decided to expand the provision of telephone lines to the rural areas in Meghalaya.
When the government builds roads, but to maintain them is a big problem for the state government. related to the maintenance of roads in the state.
Answering questions, the CEO said that this increase in the number of voters may be due to the fact that the registration of voters has been conducted four times a year, but this is not yet complete. at that time people were still able to vote and also to register the names of those who were entitled.
Shillong, November 25: Meghalaya, known as the conversion to Christianity, has been filled with Christmas songs and music during this Christmas season.
Regarding the purchase of CGI sheets, I have touched them with my own hands and found out how strong they are and it is no longer appropriate to say that they are used to cover houses. “It's not like we're going to be able to do anything about it,” he said.
This is according to a statement issued by the office of the Controller of Examinations of NEHU today.
The celebration of Martyrs Day reminds us of the work they have done, urges us to move forward with our aspirations and not to be in a hurry to fight for the rights and freedom for the country of Hynniewtrep,” he said. u Bah Nongtraw.
Shillong, June 26: The Public Health Center (PHC) in South West Khasi Hills District has been opened since 2002 but until today doctors have not been able to go to work outside the hospital.
At this meeting it was decided to invite the Dolloi from Jaintia Hills and the Nokma from Garo Hills.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Bah Nongrem said that the report of the committee to the EC is on the grounds that the Khasi who have been married to other ethnic groups will lose their identity. He said that the marriage will not be banned, that is the will of the people.
The remaining parties in the MDA government are the BJP which won only two seats in 2018 and this time too, Sanbor Shullai and Alexander Hek.
Speaking at the meeting, Samla Shemphang Lyngdoh said that the KSU needs brave and selfless youth to fight in any situation that the Seng needs.
Referring to the MP election, MP Bah Bindo M Lanong said that there are two UDP leaders who have expressed their readiness to nominate themselves as candidates for the MP election. In the Lok Sabha, they are Dr Jemino Mawthoh and Paul Lyngdoh.
You cannot cure the disease of a company that has lasted for 30-40 years, and now you can just blame the MLA. That is unacceptable.
This incident today inside the KHADC will be the first time that the House will be without observers.
This project has been going on for three years,” said KAS President Dr.DRL Nonglait in an interview with the media on Saturday.
The initiative was taken by the Moolamylliang Village Authority initially which attracted people from all over the country to visit the village and now the village has started the construction and installation of lights. for Christmas and New Year every year.
Referring to the Them Motor, Bah Shylla said why the former CEM Bah PN Syiem has held the file for two years regarding the Minister of Kur Nongkhlaw, because the Them Motor falls under the Why don't you give the approval to the Minister of the Nongkhlaw Kur?
From Umlyngka via Kynton 3Mile, Rhino point, IGP to Polo Ground, from 7Mile, Upper Shillong via 5Mile, 4Mile, Rhino point, IGP to Polo Ground, from Jhalupara point to Lumpa. via Madan Laban, Rhino Point, IGP to Polo Ground.
The schemes that have already been allocated have been targeted to be completed by 2025-2026, according to the Minister in charge of the North East. u G Kishan Reddy in the Rajya Sabha.
The deceased were identified as Elmo Kharsati, 52, of Mawpyrshong and Wanbet Rapsang, 63, of Mawlai Nonglum.
During the meeting, the union expressed its regret over the government's inability to open the Sub Center despite the fact that it has been under construction since
She has a spirit of achievement by her own efforts, for her family, for her community and for our country.
Kyntiewlang Buhphang, Chairman of the Association, said that the purpose of this tournament is to find out the talents of the youth of this area who have the talent in football.
Enacted- Enactment Any bill proposed in the Legislative Assembly must be amended before it can become a full law that can be implemented in the society of the state.
As time has passed and now there is a need for an amendment to the Khasi and Jaintia Spacial Provision Act 1986 by which the word inheritance to the ancestors should be introduced.
The construction of the road has been awarded to M/s Shillong Express Way Company Private Limited and the entire cost will be borne by the National Highway Authority of India. He was also appointed Chief Secretary and Additional Chief Secretary to look after this matter.
Shillong, Nailur 09: Nilaj Mahalanavis, Circle Business Head for the North East, today announced that the company has launched 1GB for all. for those who use the internet in the entire area.
Shillong, November 29: In commemoration of the 154th death anniversary of the Sein Raij Naimtre, Shillong, today held a funeral service at the Sein Raij Naimtre Shillong. you are in Paltan Bazar.
Police have registered a criminal case and arrested Joseph Hmangaih.
font: major-latin;mso-fareast-font-family:"Times New Roman";mso-hansi-theme-font: major-latin;mso-bidi-font-family:Arial;color:#222222;mso-fareast -language:EN-IN'>The recipient of the  Club Awards, are, Bipin Singh (SPL Player of the year) Samuela Lalmuanpuia (Young player of the year) Pritam Kumar Singh (Fans Player of the year) Kunzang Bhutia (Excellent Player Spirit) Penn Orji (Player of the year) Aiborlang Khongjee (Legends Award) Boithang Haokip (Legends Award).
The program was led by renowned chefs, Chef Ahme and Chef Dalarympei and the participants had the opportunity to taste the various fruits and vegetables that adorn Linsamer Farms.
The letter also pointed out the risk that the Acts are in progress while the IOA & AA agreements have not been completed (the IOA & AA agreements have been included in this letter).
Police said that the incident happened in the afternoon and on receiving a tip, the police rushed to the scene and fought as hard as they could to recover the body. The body of the deceased was recovered and taken to Civil Hospital Tura for post mortem.
There will be problems.
Shillong, Nailur 21: The President of the Civil Society Women's Organization (CSWO) in the presence of the beneficiaries of the Total Sanitation Campaign (TSC) scheme from Klew village under Ri Bhoi District. She said she has already lodged a complaint with the Khapmara Police Out Post against those who attacked the people.
It may be recalled that the church of the Church of God was damaged by a fire and this is also an old church which has reached 190 years since it was built in
It will also strengthen the unity and cooperation among the various parts of India.
These items were seized by the Police.
This was stated by the HNLC spokesperson. (SP News).
The District Magistrate today clarified in writing that the state government will not allow to have gates on the highways of the central or state government and on the highways of the state to collect money. forced.
For example, in Assam, Congress leaders have joined the BJP, in Meghalaya, Congress leaders have joined the BJP, even in Shella Constituency, Congress leaders have joined the BJP. Sohra, former Congress MLA Dr PW Khongjee has said that he has joined the BJP due to the inability of the Chief Minister.
The Minister said that the Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra has been launched by taking a comprehensive approach with the participation of Government of India and State Governments to ensure the participation of all for the betterment of the people. of the country’s people and in order to achieve the goal of attaining a developed country.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, RM Kurbah, said that the office has tried to release while the money is coming to send to those households who have registered.
The union will continue to crack down on foreigners who illegally enter Meghalaya without providing proper documents before they come to work in the state and the union has expelled these foreigners to leave. back to where they came from.
Shillong, Lber 26: Elsilyn Laloo, wife of Kretstar Khongbuh, sister of Tymmen Basan JM Laloo, passed away on Tuesday. 3/17.
Under the Pradhan Minister TB Mukt Bharat Abhiyan (PMTBMA), permission has been taken from people with TB to receive assistance from NikshayMitras.
The ASHAs of East Khasi Hills District today called a rally in Shillong under the banner of the Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union. Nongstoin followed by Jowai and now they have finished in Shillong.
The Muslim League Jammu Kashmir (Masarat Alam faction) is a faction involved in the fighting against the state in Jammu and Kashmir. The members were registered under the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act 1967, IPC 1860, The Arms Act 1959 and Ranbir Penal Code
So far, the Voluntary Donors' Organization has donated 1012 units of blood and has conducted 42 Blood Donation camps and 37 awareness campaigns across the state.
Speaking on Resubelpara, he said that he does not expect that people will join the AITC, those who will join may be only between 10% and 20% but most of them will stay within the Congress party and many will not leave. to the Congress party.
Shillong, July 27: The Sordar of Raid Majai, Bah Ethel Marwein, on Tuesday said that the country needs a brave spirit, a burning fire who can protect it? in the presence of the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla on the rule and authority of the Syiem of Sohra Hima in this area.
“How many final examinations will the children have to take?
This delay has affected the students especially as they will no longer be able to check their marks in order to do better in the examinations of their subsequent semesters.
The Government has implemented the Meghalaya and Minerals Policy,
On 23-8-2021, two Khasi youths were shot dead by Assam police in this village.
On the same day, the AJYWO also met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Bah MS Lhuid, IAS on the same issue. The union also urged the Chief Executive Member of the District to take the necessary action in relation to the C&RD Block for the safety and security of the people of Wapung.
Online training methods will continue and be encouraged.
Shillong, Naitung 01: The Deputy Commissioner of Meghalaya has sent a letter to the Deputy CEM to protest against the proposal to allocate land to the BSF. The Governor of West Jaintia Hills District has declared a public holiday on the 12th and 22nd of this month across the district due to the Behdienkhlam festival in Jowai and Tuber.
In this regard, the government has directed the Chief Secretary of the state to arrange for those who should come to work in consultation with the heads of departments of government departments.
The speakers on the occasion were Bah P. Marbaniang, M. Langstieh, Faculty Member, MATI, A. Sangma, Senior Lecturer, Shillong Polytechnic, DL Kharkongor, ADPO, Mawkyrwat.
It is worth mentioning that the current cleaning of the road is very different from the previous cleaning, so it is not stable at all.
Women from this area can benefit from the schemes of this department as there is a subsidy of 33% for the people from this area, he said.
If people are educated, empowered, and skilled and have the means to reach the standard of living that should meet their aspirations and needs, then I feel that the country will can achieve these things.
KSU Education Secretary Pynkmenlang Sanmiet said in a statement.
Bus passengers will have to get off the bus before the bus can pass through the bridge.
The Deputy Labor Commissioner, who is also the Member Secretary, District Task Force on Child Labour, said that according to the Child Labor (Prohibition and Regulation) Act, 1986 under Section 3, child labor is prohibited. children under the age of 14 years are not allowed to work in certain occupations listed under this Act.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Kongrit Amanda A Pakyntein congratulated all the participants and urged them to continue the training. These two days should not be in vain, moreover, the Chief Guest thanked the School Holy Cross for allowing us to use the hall and also the ground. Thanks to Bah Ricky M Synnah for taking the time to give special training to the youth of the area.
The absence of a question hour is impossible given the beliefs in democracy and good governance.
Shillong, March 15: U Bah Adelbert Nongrum MLA together with the Rangbah Shnong of Mawkhar, Bah Arwan Tariang and the Rangbah Shnong of Wahthapbroo, Bah Job Rymbai today inspected the Motphran area regarding the outstanding works. put these two towns in a state of crisis.
During the visit to the house of Kong Kiloris Syiem, the journalists saw the women weaving silk in a special Fly Shuttle Frame. jainsem'ryndia.
“He said the party has requested for the amnesty of all the cases filed against the party leaders and members by the Central and State Governments.
He also appealed to the people to cooperate with the government in this curfew to prevent the disease from entering the state and to kill the disease by staying away from each other.
He said that the protest against GVK has been going on since 2018 and until 2019 and the ceasefire is on the agreement to implement the agreements which have not been implemented yet. demand.
Tura, July 05: A heavy clash between police and insurgents in Dorama Hills in East Garo Hills District today lasted for more than two hours.
It was also seen that the election wind has started blowing in all the constituencies in the state, where the candidates have started to prepare quickly and also have started to work well.
Police request anyone who knows or sees the incident to inform the Sardar Police Station.
Recently, a 26-year-old youth named Ranjit Das from Assam has lost his life after drowning in the river on 26th June. 2024 from a sudden rise in water level.
There are 49 recoveries in East Khasi Hills, 32 in West Khasi Hills and 11 in West Khasi Hills. 82042 people.
The Chief Minister said that this has not been done in the last 50 years , it is in the present government that they have started to put in place the planning which they started from the construction department roads of the state and there is no such provision for those with disabilities.
In the second part, the contractor acknowledged that there was a mistake on their part, as they had agreed to resume the work and now they will clean up the soil from the site, as stated by the IIT. Guwahati contractor has agreed to intensify the construction of the house built on the site.
Those works which were suspended by the previous government but now have not been completed, NGREGA government has implemented more than T.300 crore, in the past the implementation was only T.600 crore, before Before 2018, there were only 3000 cooperatives and now there are 33,000 cooperatives from T.18 crore to T.240 crore.
KSU Bangalore Unit President Rymphang Nongsiej said in a statement sent to the media today.
Teiñwell, 62, was first elected as MDC from Shella constituency in 2004 and continued to be the leader of Shella until his last days due to a long illness.
Shillong, June 19: The Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya, Dr BDR Tiwari, on Tuesday said that since the implementation of the Model Code of Conduct, the total amount of seizure has reached T.43 crore.
They are also a hope and a reminder to them of that wonderful future.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Dohling said that the reason why we have to remember this leader of the party is because he is a leader who has done his job.
In his speech, Prof. Sahoo said that by planting flowers in this area, lakhs of flowers will be produced annually and this will help the farmers and at the same time it will be a source of income. employment opportunities for youth in the North East of India.
The policy of the Congress in the past and the policy of the present government are very different.
Speaking to media at the SDO Civil Sohra, Grace said she accepts the decision of the people.
This decision was taken at a meeting of the Central Body of the Meghalaya SSA Schools Association (MSSASA) on the 4th of this month at Tpep Pale Community Hall, Jowai. and the authorities that the NIOS headquarters has failed to meet the demands of the teachers who are fighting for the D.El.
The prize money for children will be T.5000/-, T.3000/- and 1500/-.
The competition was launched in
This year, the same plant has also set up a mobile processing unit at Umdihar IVCS, Ri Bhoi District to increase the production of 23 tonnes of sohtrun. was achieved by the unit in only the first month of its operation.
FOCUSS, which belongs to the groups of all the MDCs from different District Councils of the North East, has met with Anna Sharma. He promised to extend the SPC for nine months and within these months he will come to Shillong and Guwahati to meet with the people to understand what they want. the public have to say.
Qualy Suiam was born on 22 November 1962 in Mootyrshiah. He graduated from Jowai Government Boys High School and Kiang Nangbah Government College, Jowai.
People can also file complaints anonymously.
It is an example of the unity and cooperation of the central government, states, regional governments, government offices and civil society groups, concluded the Prime Minister.
For the employees in technical jobs, the JAC has requested the Agency to allow the state residents first and if the state residents are not available, the Agency can import those from outside the state. proper documents and to apply for permission to apply for Labor License and certificate from the relevant authorities.
When the Khasi Himas joined India, by signing the IOA&AA, they were promised that the land of these Himas would be protected in the Constitution.
Through the digital transformation of broadcasting, especially in relation to cable TV, it is necessary to enforce the rules.
Speaking to reporters at Hotel Assembly Shillong, he said that they will not allow politics in the 26-Shella Constituency to go to one house. He also said that in the last 30 years the Shella constituency will not have any development and said that the problems faced by the people are the roads, He said that the road from Mawsmai Sohra to Shella has been constructed at a cost of T.47 crore with the funds of the North Eastern Council.
Shillong, July 15: U Bah AL Hek on Tuesday said that the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, will come to campaign for the BJP. in three districts.
Shillong, Iaiong 12: The Joint Action Committee (JCC) today visited the Secretariat of six Dorbar Shnongs on the border of Assam and Meghalaya in Ri Bhoi District with the intention of meeting with the Chief Minister. Conrad K Sangma to discuss the social agreement on the border issue with Assam.
He was taken to Robert Hospital for treatment.
The President of the GSU, Thengsak G Momin, said that all of us should remember this day and it will be remembered as a day. you are suffering".
Shillong, Naitung 02: The Youth Hostel Association of India (YHAI) Meghalaya Chapter has organized a walk for young, old and school children.
This must be done within the provisions of the Constitution of India without discrimination against anyone at the same time as the citizens.
Other speakers included Bah S. Mawlong who has been Congress leader for 30 years, Bah SL Marshillong, Bah T Mawlong and others.
Informing on this, the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said, “This is for the applications for the SC/ST certificate in Meghalaya. which has been added to the rules for acceptance and rejection of applications, we have added a condition that states: one of the items listed shall include Number 4 (this is an additional one) Tribe Certificate from the authorities in charge of the land under the KHADC is required.
The Seng has demanded a temporary suspension of the recruitment for Library Assistant while it has not had the opportunity to file a complaint to amend the Ordinance to allow Khasi youth to apply in this regard.
The decision was taken in accordance with a case filed under the Mawsynram Police Station.
At the same time, he said that this should not end only in the state but should reach the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government and if necessary, all 60 persons should go to Delhi to inform the government. central to this demand are also ready.
Therefore, the KSU demands that the board should clarify regarding this sudden increase in bill light in every household and also we will write a letter to the chairman and secretary of the board regarding this increase. bill light suddenly.
Referring to the Congress party, the HNLC has alleged that the government has ignored the accused MLAs, such as Ampareen Lyngdoh, Deborah Marak and many others, if the government cannot do anything against them. The HNLC has now revived Operation Kyllang to fight against violence against women and children and the punishment will be severe. eh good.
At the end of the meeting, the Minister explained that he himself will take action to meet the needs.
According to her, the Police Department has suddenly adjusted the age limit without issuing a new announcement from the Personnel Department.
The Chief Minister said that all the District Council Courts shall continue in power as provided for in paragraphs 4 and 5 of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
The Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswas Sharma was the chief guest.
They were welcomed at a function held at Pinewood in the presence of Dr. Mukul Sangma, George B Lyngdoh and other party office bearers along with their supporters.
We didn't want to harm the people or the innocent souls, so we refused.
The KHADC will have to draw up rules on how to implement this.
The CREA report shows that only 37 cities covered by the NCAP have achieved the PM10 level within the one-year target under the programme.
Police of Lumdiengjri Traffic Branch on Friday conducted another search operation on two wheelers at Rilbong Point.
New Delhi, November 29: The Government of India and the Government of Manipur signed a peace agreement with the United National Liberation Front (UNLF), the oldest rebel group in the northern parts of Manipur, in New Delhi today. .
If the market cannot be managed, it will be a huge loss to the farmers.
Those who spoke and were present were the Dolloi of Jowai, Dolloi of Raliang, Dolloi of Amwi, Dolloi of Sutnga, Son of Dolloi Nongjngi, Secretary Raij Buam, Lyngdoh Raij Buam, Secretary Shilliang District, Sirdar Saipung, u Secretary, Village Authorities Union, East Jaintia Hills, Leaders and Office Bearers, Finance Secretary, FKJGP, JH, FKJGP-Laskien, President HNYF Rally , MPUF President, HANM Vice President, KSU Laskien, KSU-Amlarem, Lyngdohs, Pators, and Rangbah Shnongs from different villages of Jaintia Hills.
Besides the closing ceremony of the 125th Anniversary of the Jowai Church, this three-day service also coincides with the 113th General Assembly of the Senglang ki Nongmane Wei Blei in the North East.
“The Congress party, according to this leader, stands firm that the roster system should be implemented from now on and not since the independence of the state in
Dr Mukul Sangma said that there is no need for Bindo Lanong, no need for Paul Lyngdoh, no Chief Minister, no MLAs, no MDCs and no CEMs but it is the Sixth Scheduled Act. which protects the minorities like Khasi, Jaintia and Garo.
On the other hand, the teachers urged the state government to pay their salaries as it has paid the SSA teachers. Speaking to reporters at the Shillong Press Club, Nepolian Mawphiang said:
In this regard, the CRPF has agreed to build within one year after the government allocates land to them and within one year to move from the site. The Ministry of Urban Affairs and the Ministry of Home Affairs have met with the Ministry of Home Affairs to allocate the land.
Myllung Soso Tham was thanked by all those present from the villagers to the people by writing shun on the sladur that had not been used for the purpose.
This is paid by the consumers of Umphniang in their vehicles or machines and not by the dealers who are the owners of these pumps.
From the old Look East Policy, the Act East Policy has now been implemented.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: The Catholic Church has set aside this day on the 2nd of November every year to commemorate all those who have passed away. live.
“These posts (are still vacant) in the existing Outposts and in the Border Outposts.
Police have seized a Bolero number ML-05J-3839 on suspicion of carrying illegal drugs. Police seized 45 bags of Yaba Tablets weighing 9 kilos and worth T.2.7 crore.
You should not speak in a manner that insults those who oppose you.
I turned to farming to earn a living.
The meeting also discussed the GHADC elections to be held within six months. This was handed over to the party leaders and the party districts in Garo Hills to prepare for it. .
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The CoHSO on Tuesday expressed its disappointment that the Rajya Sabha has not passed the Citizenship Amendment Bill.
New Delhi, June 25: The PM CARES Fund has approved funds for the setting up of 551 pressure oxygen plants in accordance with the Prime Minister's directive to improve the supply of oxygen to hospitals. Swing Adsorption (PSA) is available in health facilities across the country.
When contacted by SP News Agency, many of the market dwellers expressed their gratitude to MeECL for being quick to repair the electricity post which has put the market dwellers at risk.
At present, there are about 23,000 dealers and distributors of Uriah fertilizer in India.
Shillong Lajong's players in this group include those who play in the U-16 and U-1
Shillong, Jymmang 09: After the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) expressed its desire for unconditional peace talks, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya today tweeted that the HNLC has expressed its desire to hold peace talks without any conditions. The government is still waiting for a statement from the party to move forward with the peace talks.
A total of 199 students from the school took part in the 2nd Assessment Camp in two sports, Athletics and Football.
Due to the lack of police presence in the state, the police have done their best to stop the illegal activities and when they received the information, the police went to stop the mining. illegal.
The BJP has alleged that the money looted from the people is the money to be used for the upcoming elections in the state, said Bah Khongwir.
The Seng strongly condemns this attack by the police who have no compassion even for women. The Seng also demands that the authorities should punish the police immediately. who were involved in the attack.
Amit Shah has urged the Chief Ministers of North Eastern States to use the NESAC information for flood management, irrigation, tourism, agriculture and forestry. rep.
He appealed to the people to attend the election campaign to see what the Prime Minister has to say for the sake of development in Meghalaya.
The HYC demands the immediate release of the children arrested by the police.
The MJA is also pleased to inform that the Government of Meghalaya through the Directorate of Sports & Youth Affairs has provided Safety Judo Mats to the judokas of the state. The Association does not have such mats because they cost thousands of rupees.
The residents of Polmakrai area have faced a lot of problems especially in the transportation of goods as this area is a place where the people live from agriculture and the transportation of agricultural products has affected the fare. because of the road toll.
Shillong, Naiaiwieng 28: Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government has decided to increase the assistance to the ad-hoc schools from 6000 thousand to 12,000 thousand per month in schools with only two teachers which means that teachers will now receive a salary of 6000 thousand per month.
U Bah Pala invited all the youth of Meghalaya to join the IYC in Meghalaya to work for the state and he hopes that more than 100,000 youth of Meghalaya will join the IYC. Safira Rehman said that anyone between the ages of 18 to 35 years can join the IYC and registration for the IYC will be through the IYC App. Shillong, March 20: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today decided to postpone the session of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (AICC). and carry it over to 8November 2021.
Shillong, Naitung 19: The KSU Madan Laban Unit led by President Johnny Rapthap, General Secretary Shiningstar Chyne and Assistant Finance Secretary Jason Laloo, has sent a letter to the Executive Engineer of Shillong Central Division regarding the the deterioration of the road in Laban.
Speaking on this occasion, he said, “Aspire Meghalaya is a special program for the youth of the state.
With this, teachers who are already in service will have the opportunity to train themselves according to the changes through these online refresher courses.
What makes them stand out? They hold a unique UN consultative status and are guided by core principles like going beyond yourself, universal empowerment, and the potential of grassroots movements.1M1B engages and enables youth to become future-ready problem solvers creating real-world impact.
Aashish Kumar Lohar scored 57 runs for Meghalaya. They scored 124 runs for the loss of all wickets.
Shillong, July 01: Dr.M Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of Mines, on Tuesday said that the government has taken this opportunity to announce publicly through a government notice issued today. /2023 bd said that such a committee cannot be set at any time.
The elderly and those with disabilities will be allowed to vote from home by allowing them to use Form 12D where they can vote. nominations have already been submitted and there are groups that have been formed separately.
Shillong, July 19: After a 10-month road blockade, the Mawtap Pyllun Village Employment (PWD) has protested against the PWD for suspending the construction of the footpath. Council (VEC), today lifted the road blockade after the PWD was allowed to continue the construction of the footpath.
Shillong, Nailar 07: U Ram Lal, General Secretary of the National Organization of the BJP, will arrive in Shillong tomorrow. For the BJP party, the party is now preparing for the MLA elections in the state to be held in early
The daily traffic jam has caused a lot of trouble to the people especially those ambulances carrying patients.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: U Bah Adelbert Nongrum MDC of Jaiaw Constituency, who is also the Working President of KHNAM, has questioned whether the proposal of Bah HS Shylla to form two ethnic parties will be only in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHNAM). by election.
The National President of the NPP, Conrad Sangma, said that many of the NPP candidates, the homes of the candidates and the homes of the NPP supporters have been affected. The Election Commission has been informed of such incidents.
We need to work hard to restore their fame and glory.
The 15th of July is the birthday of this Syiem, and it is also the birthday of the anti-national struggle which coincides with the Independence Day of India.
During the meeting with the Chief Minister, the elders of the Sohra area handed over to him a petition on how to develop the Sohra area in the field of tourism.
It is hoped that these centers will assist remote medical institutions to overcome the shortage of qualified teachers in medicine, nursing and other paramedical courses.
Joe Marwein said that three civil society organizations have submitted 10 demands to the government today.
: BSF troops of the 1st Battalion in collaboration with Meghalaya Police on Thursday seized sugar smuggled to Bangladesh across the border.
Police have been searching for them but at the time of writing of this news, police are still searching for the missing persons while the villagers are still searching for them.
On the 18th May 2018, the Rangbah Shnong of Mawsynram, Bah Jeebon Kynter, on seeing this incident, immediately informed the MeECL Mawsynram Sub-Division office. .
It is learned that the road from Lailad to Borsora has been damaged.
But the people did not notice this.
Shillong, Lber 28: One new case of COVID-19 has been confirmed in East Garo Hills District, bringing the total number of cases in the state to Eight people were admitted to the hospital.
Rakkam also sent his best wishes to all the students who are preparing to write the examination and hoped that they will be able to do well by concentrating on their studies and putting conditions on their mobile phones. they.
“This has affected the youth because the jobs that can only be filled by those who live in the district, have been allowed to other districts, due to the roster system,” he said. Bah Donlang Nongbri On the other hand, the HNYM strongly condemns the government's implementation of the Roster System because the Roster should be implemented only at the Head Offices, where the posts at District Level should be filled. and these jobs shall be available only to those who reside in the District.
Shillong, June 18: Members of the JSU-Jowai Circle and JSM Western Region have admitted that they have arrested illegal foreigners who entered Mih Myntdu village in Jowai.
So far, 24382 people have been tested positive, 6507 people are under home quarantine and 312 people are under institutional quarantine.
On the other hand, the gram sevaks have asked them to inspect the damage caused by the floods.
The BJP has all the laws in its hands, they should act and not just talk. He said that he has sent a letter to the Governor of the state. allegations of corruption in the Autonomous District Councils.
In the petition, the AYWO also demanded that the Chief Minister and the Government should not assist the students by issuing an order to allow buses to take the students without ID cards. yours.
To see that the work is progressing, the Chief Minister has personally inspected the work of the State Zoo at Umtrew in Ri Bhoi District and hopes that the work will be completed soon and opened. this year.
In his speech, the Chief Minister said that his father PA Sangma has a close relationship with the people of Adokgre and he has always said that this is the intention to improve the income of the people in this area. and today he has been able to fulfill his dream.
However, the surprising thing is that even after many months of complaints, the company has not been able to replace the damaged equipment and the question arises, whether those equipment were imported from The reason why they are slow to come or the reluctance of this company to serve the people in the rural areas.
On the other hand, the police who were present at the scene saw that only those who have received the pass are allowed to enter Shillong, those who have not received the pass have been turned away from the scene.
Shillong, Naitung 03: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) in Shillong and surrounding areas today ordered the closure and suspension of many offices in the city. Shillong for disrespecting the day of Behdieñkhlam.
Speaking on the Zero Hours, the Mawlai MLA referred to the meeting held recently in Shillong, where the Income Tax Department has explained that even if you are a citizen, if you earn and live, in the non-resident area you have to pay Income Tax.
If anyone commits a crime in North Korea, the punishment will not only apply to that person, but also to the parents, grandparents and children of those perpetrators. only.
He said that the foundation stone for the construction of this road which the people have been yearning for for many years now is the need for good roads. For the benefit of the people, when the roads are adequate, the income also increases.
It was on 26th June 2014, that the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, brought about a major change in the relationship between the people and the army and this is the beginning, he said.
If you turn to the order of the Central Government of the Ministry of Home Affairs issued on 29th April, 2020 according to Rule 4, there is no written order to drive by private vehicle to anyone who is still waiting. out.
As a sign of the opening of the Socio-Economic Movement, the Seng will hold a public march on the 11th, June 2017 from 10:00 am from the office of the Seng. The program will be followed by a short program at 12:30 pm at Dinam Hall, Jaiaw.
“We will walk straight ahead and not turn back.
The union is surprised how they dare to apply for electricity from MeECL when they cannot prove whether they are Municipal employees or illegal residents.
Speaking to reporters, Dr Mukul said it is the duty of Meghalaya and Assam to call for talks to resolve these issues to ensure that the people should not be exploited by the authorities. the law.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: The Dorbar Shnong Umkiang, has expressed its regret over the lack of action by the Government for the improvement of the NH 6 in the Umkiang area. The entire Border area is Narpuh.
It may be recalled that a few months ago, Kalapahar village was attacked by wild elephants and many houses were damaged and this is the second time that these elephants have entered the village.
“I will call the officers on the first day and I will look into the scheme so that the money can be released to those employees who are entitled to receive it,” he said. said Bah Sanbor to the media.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The filing of nomination papers for the MLA election 2018 to the Legislative Assembly will end on the 7th of this month. this is the MLA Election
This will not solve the problem but will only exacerbate the problem. In this regard, a complaint has been registered against the members of the HYC in this regard. do what you have to do.
The government will work closely with the Ministry of Social Justice of the Union Government to ensure that the stadium can be completed in time before the start of the National Games
There are 15 special teachers appointed by the government in Meghalaya. The purpose of the special teaching is to provide training to students who are employed and school children who are employed every year. days as the delivery of food items provided by the government.
Shillong, Naiwieng 09: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) War Jaintia Circle on Tuesday met and submitted a petition to the Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek at his office. at the Club.
On this occasion, 191 persons with disabilities were also given assistance at this meeting. The assistance received in kind according to their needs has reached 16 lakh tyngka. The project was donated by the Union Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment under the ADIP scheme.
This was announced in a statement sent by Samla JJ Lyngkhoi, General Secretary of KSU Mynriang Unit.
In his welcoming remarks, the Speaker of the House, Bah Pynshngianglang Syiem, said that there is no right to be biased in the conduct of the House, but the members of the House also they should not show their feelings.
“We cannot forget the search by these same Mukoiloom Police of farmers/travelers across the Tihwieh in the past years and the prohibition to carry shyiap or other goods.
The 12th will be a working day in all government offices under the jurisdiction of the Government of Meghalaya, according to the Principal Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, General Administration ( A) Department.
This Easter is a commemoration of the resurrection of Jesus and this is a sign of the greatest love and Jesus taught us to love and forgive each other, to accept truth and righteousness and is truly an example.
The aim of this is to raise awareness of this work among those involved and who have the opportunity to take part in this work.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the MDCs, the MDC said that there are two groups, some want to hold the election but some want to postpone the MDC election. which is set by the government.
The union informed the CEM that many of the land of the people have already been bought but the surprising thing is that they have to renew every three years according to the decision of the Riad and the Hima.
LSD control procedures and recommendations including vaccination, treatment and surveillance are distributed to the states/UTs for implementation to control the disease with a schedule.
On the part of the KSU Ummulong Unit, we would like to thank the office bearers of Ummulong Village for taking the time to join us.
“I request the Prime Minister and the higher authorities to take action on this issue and on our part as the leaders of KHADC we will hold an emergency meeting with the MDCs from the area and the “We will send the Syiem of Raid Nongtung to think carefully about this,” said CEM of KHADC Titosstarwell Chyne.
The Minister informed the House that in the current fiscal year, there has been a severe shortage of funds from the Central Government, due to the COVID-19 pandemic. that the government has to be more responsible in the use of money.
Shillong, Lber 01: There are 160 cases of coronavirus in the country, 30 cases in East Khasi Hills, 1 case in North Garo Hills and 1 case in North Garo Hills. Ri Bhoi 2, West Garo Hills
Shillong, July 02: While the people are preparing to welcome the New Year, smugglers have taken advantage of this day with the intention of sending smuggled goods to Bangladesh.
Other speakers on the occasion were Bah G Warlarpih Vice President of the Khasi Jaintia Butchers Association (KJBA). cows that can feed about 1000 cows.
The Cabinet also decided to increase the salaries of those who work in Shillong Polytechnic and others who are sent to the Directorate of Higher Technical Education. Only those who have met the requirements will be appointed. There are about 32 candidates who have met the requirements.
Others who attended the ceremony were Mairang MLA Metbah Lyngdoh, Deputy Chairman of the State Planning Board Dr. Eureka FP Lyngdoh, Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem Restar Manik Syiemlieh and Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills Arunkumar Kembhavi.
Perhaps our demand is more difficult, they (MHA) have not given any decision on this demand,” said Dr Nonglait.
There are 12481 teachers appointed as SSA teachers in the state, the arrear for five months is T.89 crore, the salary for five months is T.127 crore. Don't be misled because the allocation for the year 2016-2017 has already been sent by the central government and the first allocation for the year 2017-2018 has already been sent and the remaining is the the second half of the year 2017-2
To date, 27 areas in Shillong have been declared containment areas by the District Administration.
On the same day, the Chief Minister's Special Rural Development Fund (2018-2019) was also launched.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that the bill which was launched today is only a shynrong and not the bill that the government wants to introduce. bring good advice for the future of her children and future generations.
The Minister appealed to the people of the country to take part in this campaign and to register all non-government employees on the E-Shram portal and to work together to achieve this goal. During the meeting, the Ministers also spoke to the employees from Ajmer, Dibrugarh, Chennai and Varanasi through the Common Service Centers and shared their views and aspirations.
The union led by President Eddy Kery Pohtam and Dewan Bareh has found 50 byrni of supari near Lakroh River near Lakroh village near Muktapur village.
At the same time, the union has sent a clear message that we will wait within 10 months for all these issues to be implemented. The union will not hesitate to take other stronger measures against the bank.
Shillong, July 27: Four Ministers of the Hima Maharam, Minister R Ramsiej of Thiepdiengngan, Minister K Thongni of Nongkynbah, Minister M Iawphniaw of Nongpdeng Kembah and Minister BW Wanniang of Sarin today. They sent a letter to Kong Iswanda Laloo to request not to include these four villages in the Ranikor Civil Sub Division.
At the same time, the three organizations demanded that the Rangbah Shnong should be forgiven and paid a fine or else the organization will take another path.
Omkar Singh, Registrar, NEHU, Shillong as Chairman, Prof. Harsh KGupta, President, Geological Society of India as Guest, GK Kesari, ADG & HoD, GSI, NER, Shillong and Dr. OP Mishra, Director, National Center for Seismology, MoES as the special guest and Prof. Devesh Walia, Dean, NEHU as the convener of the meeting.
All the people of the area are invited to attend and hear the foundation of KHNAM which the leaders of the party will announce on that day.
The Election Committee (EC) has postponed the meeting due to the fact that many of the members are not yet in Shillong. he arranged the names of the candidates.
In his speech, Samla S Synrem President of Sohra Circle said that the government has made false promises that people will not get jobs if the railway line comes, but he gave an example as the NEC. In his speech, the Rangbah Shnong of Nongrim, Bah Batista Khongphai, said that it is the Prime Minister who has brought a railway line without the consent of the people.
Safeguarding their culture and traditions involves preserving oral history, rituals, and fostering mutual respect for different paths within their indigenous identity.
There have been 350 recoveries, 235 from East Khasi Hills and 51 from Ri Bhoi, bringing the total number of recoveries in the state to
During the meeting, it was also discussed that the university should issue advertisements for various vacancies at the university which have been suspended due to the absence of a full time Vice Chancellor. years ago.
The Prime Minister said that this day is a day of unity and a day of solidarity for all people in the world.
In his speech, JD Sangma, former Joint Director, Cooperative Department, was the chief guest.
Shillong, Naitung 04: The High Level Committee (HLC) today met to discuss the case of Themiew Mawlong after receiving the decision of the High Court of Meghalaya. The Shillong Municipal Board has decided to give another six months to all the residents of Thewiew Mawlong to submit their land titles to the Shillong Municipal Board.
The Returning Officer of East Khasi Hills District today sent a show cause notice to Laban MLA Bah Sanbor Shullai for violating the Model Code of Conduct promulgated and implemented by the National Assembly. The Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced the polling date on 23rd June 2013 in Meghalaya.
“Speaking on the management of Dorbar Shnongs, the Minister said, “In Meghalaya, the responsibility of the villages is evident in the implementation of Government schemes and for this reason T.1500 crore has been spent. funds under MGNREGA in a small state like Meghalaya.
India's rise to 41st position in the Global Innovation Index in the past nine years is due to the government's tireless efforts and this shows the need for innovation which is also part of the startups are important.
The NHRC, Government of India in a letter, after considering the complaint from the Hima Khasi States, Federation of Khasi States, has made it clear that these works and agreements are still in place. stay right 'ki.
BSF troops of the 100 Battalion patrolling the border of West Garo Hills District in collaboration with the Meghalaya Police on Saturday seized 270 byrni of sugar weighing 13,500 kilograms worth T.5,40,0 lakh from Paulpara village on the border with Bangladesh.
The increase in traffic jam in Shillong especially in Lower Lachumiere which is a village with many government offices and schools as well.
According to the Bill, the salary of MDCs has been increased from T.33,250 to T.89,100 and the salary of T.5000/- has been increased to T.20,000/- for traveling to the constituency.
Police on receiving this information rushed to the scene and took them to Umsning CHC where the wife has died and the husband is in critical condition. He was taken to Shillong Civil Hospital.
The objective of the Drug Reduction Elimination & Action Mission (DREAM) which was launched in 2023 is to find ways and means to make the state drug free, by using all the resources. buid to eradicate this evil drink from the state.
“He said that the demand of the KSU has started since the time when Bah Banshan Sing Nongbet was the President of the KSU because the number of mynder should be found.
This came to light after Meghalaya took part in the three-day International Conference on Rural Sanitation held in Jaipur.
As the people of the North East, we should unite because we have differences but we should understand to be united to fight against any power, he urged the state governments. to talk to the Central Government to repeal this Act.
The KHNAM group led by Boldwill Nikhla as Disciplinary President and Franky Nikhla as Education Secretary has joined the UDP. Disciplinary President and Education secretary as appointed.
: The Voice of the People (VPP) on Thursday demanded that the State Government should fill up the eight vacant posts in the Department of Agriculture and Horticulture in Ribhoi District since
Born into a low-income but respectable family, he was from a small town in Madhya Pradesh.
The farmers' union recently held a public meeting at Amlarem, West Jaintia Hills and decided to request the Government through the MLA of Amlarem Constituency, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui who is the Chief Adviser of the State Government. They are looking for ways and means to increase the price of synsar products produced in the Riwar area.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the political parties, Conrad said that the political parties have expressed their respective concerns and have also given statements. what the parties feel on these issues.
The closing date for withdrawal of nominations will be on or before 5:00 pm on 25th June 2017 and the scrutiny will be held on the following day on 26th June 2017 at the party office.
"We are going to Delhi to hold a protest without asking for any money.
On the other hand, Dr Mawthoh left it to the people to decide.
Balsan was accused of involvement in the shooting and killing of women suspected of being prostitutes.
As it is now, whether in Meghalaya or in other states of the country, there is a need to test more and more tests. Rapid Test Kids and there is a need to have Pool Tests but initially what is needed is to test first those who have a close relationship that they want to complete now and soon they will be able to complete. .
It is learned that he has also received training in this field.
Khmih Shillong Group has reached the Mumbai audition after winning the Kolkata audition on 27th November.
If they cannot meet the requirements of the Government employees, the Government should allow them (teachers) to contest elections because the teachers are the ones who teach, who think about these things from the part of the state and the country.
The GNLA’s reason for his departure was the greed for money.
The Chief Minister today said that the officers in Garo Hills should explain to the public the schemes of the government and should write them in places where the public cannot see them in the offices. of blocks.
“In the society we have branch languages ​​like Pnar, Lyngngam, Jirang and others which have their own spelling.
Kejriwal's arrest is a conspiracy between the BJP and Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
As part of the celebration of its 15th Anniversary, HANM has opened its full office at Mawkasiang, New Shillong.
The ceremony will continue from today until the third day of the ceremony. The ceremony will last for four days. you're playing ball.
Arful Kharbani was also present at the ceremony.
Replying to a question, the Minister said that the government intends to take less than 200 acres of land in the area for the construction of a nuit landfill and on this a public hearing was held on 8/0 /2022 and the government is awaiting the report from the District Administration of Ri Bhoi.
The HNYF West Khasi Hills District leader said that the Minister in charge of Education has promised to take action and monitor this issue for the benefit of the district. the area and of the general public of the area as a whole.
These memorial awards are expected to start from their first anniversary to promote their great contributions to society.
The Lama of the Parish was unveiled by Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh (Bah Pai) MDC Mawkynrew Constituency as the chief guest. At the same time, the Chief Guest also inaugurated the Stage Podium which he donated to the Parish.
The CEM KHADC agreed to consider the draft urgently and to convene a meeting soon to discuss the matter.
It is true that the state is a state flowing with milk and fish, but how many unemployed youth have benefited and how many poor households have improved their income. the book is the question?.
The union feels that the incumbent DC should be retained in the district as he has worked for the development of the district in many ways and as it is his tenure. As the head of the district, he has done many things for the people.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister sends his condolences to all the family members and may the God of peace rest the sorrowful hearts of those who lost their loved ones in this incident. they are not sad.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: A team of BSF troops from the 193rd Battalion on receiving a tip-off raided a place known as Barmanbari in East Khasi Hills District and seized a saree. It costs T.20 lakh.
Shillong, Naitung 08: There are 15 new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 10 cases in Ri Bhoi, 1 case in South West Garo Hills and 1 case in West Garo Hills. 2.
In addition, there are also management courses.
Bah Shadap said that as soon as they left the village, they lodged a complaint with the Umsning Police Out Post, but the police have not done anything about it. .
He said that this struggle against the State Government will ensure that future generations will have the opportunity to contest the elections.
He said that the states of the North East can have a share of 20-30% of the medals in the Olympics.
“We demand that if the government remembers its promise and if what it says about the development of the country is not just a mouthful, it should set up another Community and Rural Development Block in South West Khasi Hills District is located in Umdohlun.
The extension of its term of office will be for six months, said Bah HDR Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of GAD. (SP News).
“It is they who have shaped and made the Seng to stand as it is today and it is through the KSU that many intelligent leaders and intellectuals have emerged in Ri Khasi and Jaintia.
We will try to solve this problem for the people to live in peace,” he added.
“KSU JHDU strongly condemns the Deputy Commissioner and Superintendent of Police of Ri Bhoi District, KSU JHDU strongly condemns the brutality of the law enforcement agencies who are trying to arrest the members of the KSU as citizens. Why don't they have time to investigate and arrest drug dealers, marijuana dealers, robbers and other criminals who commit acts against the society in the state.
Dr Donkupar said that the reason for the lack of district in the past years is that they are politically weak.
The KSU urges all the 60 leaders to discuss how to implement the demand of the people for ILP and how to force the central government to grant ILP to Meghalaya immediately and not to delay it. and they shall not be judged.
“I would like to clarify that this Act will not affect the Non Tribals who are the full citizens of Meghalaya,” he said.
The traffic of commercial vehicles and private vehicles will be in accordance with the order issued on 04/09/2021. Permission from the DC's office. Regarding the visit to the cemeteries, up to 50 people are allowed. three parts of the land area and shall not exceed 100 persons.
The four demands are, the government should fix the salary of the employees which should be effective until 01.01.2017, the government should also fix the pension of the employees. who have retired from 01.01.2017.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: U Bah Sosthenes Sohtun MLA of Jirang today visited the testing center for returnees at 13-Miles in Byrhinat.
The party sends its condolences to the family members.
On receiving the information, the BSF conducted a search operation and seized these clothes.
Look, here too, a language has emerged that can be compared with the English language.
The Common Services Center is one of the help centres.
Replying to a Moneycontrol post on the Prime Minister's speech, Modi said, “I have shared my views on various aspects of India's G20 Presidency, the India's goals for the betterment of the world, our initiatives for economic development and more discussion with @moneycontrol.com.
Why don't we develop 100 tourist attractions, why don't we plan to develop only 2 or 3 in each state?
On this occasion, EPICs were also distributed to those who have just received them.
Why can't the government conduct an independent inquiry into the Wah Lukha, even though the KSU Narpuh Circle has already sent a letter in the past months? to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District to demand the completion of the investigation.
The Additional SP in charge of East Khasi Hills Traffic, said that the police will now implement the machine.
In such a case, the Governor of the State shall appoint any MDC from among the MDCs as the Pro-term Chairman of the House to conduct the House. the day of the meeting to elect the Chairman.
The Executive Members of KHADC who attended the opening ceremony were Bah Gigur Myrthong, Dy.CEM, Bah T.Pathaw, Executive Member in charge of the department. KHADC Chairman, Bah Jambor War and Grace Mary Kharpuri who conducted the meeting.
In a statement sent to the Bishop's House signed by the General Secretary of the party, Bah Aristotle Lyngdoh, it was said that the loss of this Bishop is a great loss not only to the church but especially to the nation. Khasi-Pnar throughout.
The two-day celebration is not only for government officials but for all the people who wish to come and take part.
The reason is that the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma has invited the civil society and political parties to meet with them on the 29th of this month to discuss the ILP. The District Administration has decided that if there is a rally or procession, it will not cause trouble.
Shillong, July 22: The long-awaited road from Umsherpi to Hynniewmer has been a long-standing dream and now it has come true. trees to work on this road.
Shillong, Naitung 07: A woman with nine children from Khapmara village, Nonglakhiat village, Ri-Bhoi district, has escaped from the hands of her husband, Bah Charless Nongrum. I don't want to take the life of my husband by stabbing him with a sword.
At present, he said, it is certain that the Congress will rule again in KHADC and JHADC because the people want the same government in the District Council and Secretariat.
Shillong, March 01: U Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik today swore in Renitone L Tongkhar MLA Mawkyrwat and Dasakhiatbha Lamare as Cabinet Ministers in the Government.
Dr War said that 40 cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills District today. One BSF personnel, one high risk contact and 38 cases have been confirmed positive. They are the people of Rilbong.
On the other hand, Pynsngiang said that they are not against the party but against the work of CEM Teinwell Dkhar and Deputy CEM Pyniaid Syiem.
He said that since before India gained independence, Shillong has been the center of education and continues to be so.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: AIR Shillong has won the NE Body Sing-2016 in the Modern Song Category.
The District Administration has seized the coal in these days and to ensure that no one will dare to touch the coal, the District Magistrates have issued a letter. .
Government officials who attended the ceremony included Bah BL Buam Additional DGP of Police, Bah W Khyllep Secretary Legal Department, Bah W Diengdoh Secretary MSLSA. the head of the village of Nongmynsong.
Even today there are many raij in the Ri-Bhoi area where the Karbi people still rule and who still thank Syiem Khyrim and Syiem Mylliem.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister has warned that if anyone has anything to do with it, the law will not forgive anyone if they cannot explain.
: The Hynniewtrep Youths Council (HYC) has strongly criticized the State Government for sending only 10-15 border guards while 50-60 guards have been provided to the pollution factories.
Shillong, July 26: India will celebrate its 75th Republic Day and on this day, people in the army, police and other related services will be honoured.
Bro. Anubkumar Lakra, Principal, St Francis of Assisi School, Nongstoin was also present as the Chief Guest.
Rahul Das was also arrested along with another person, Imran Mynthu, who escaped from the scene.
Furthermore, the Telecom Department is still funding the construction of mobile towers.
The Chief Guest said that the people need to elect Nongsynshar who have the ability to pass laws to protect the nation.
These donations were donated by people who have the spirit of helping.
He said that the people should have elected the same party in power in the state, and urged the people to give victory to Bah Lambor Malyniang, Nongkrem and Bah Bantei Lyngdoh (Bah Paidang). Mawkynrew, both the Congress candidates, Bah Lambor Malyniang, MDC, former Dy CEM, in his speech, urged the people to turn around and vote. He reminded the people of the incident where there was a protest in Smit where he came to help at midnight to calm the people in the clash with the police. .
On the other hand, the Principal informed the union that the school has a contract with HB Textiles (School Uniform Embroidery Dealership) for the purpose of supplying school uniforms to the students. H.B.Textiles on receiving information that there is a mistake in the sweaters has sent a notice to the Assembly to collect all the sweaters of the children with writing mistakes and informed that the sweaters with mistakes have been sent to the Assembly. sizes 26 and 38 and not all.
In India, the stipend of apprentices is about 80% of the wage of semi-skilled labor (ILO estimates), showing that especially for MSMEs with a large share of the economy, the benefits who came to the apprenticeship was not healed.
They should honor the heroes of the Khasi people like Tirot Singh, Kiang Nangbah, Phan Nonglait and Wickliffe Syiem who had the spirit to protect their people. “The spirit of courage to protect their nation,” said Bah Andrew.
The company was one of the teams hosting the G20 Summit with the government recently, providing services for participants in the G20 event.
The EC of JHADC has approved the appointment of Bah Prolin Samayang as the interim Doloi of Langbang Nangphyllut Elaka.
On the other hand, the CEM of KHADC said that there is a need for protection and it is in the hands of Cornad K Sangma and Dr Donkupar Roy President of the UDP. The ILP in the state which was passed by the KHADC has worked to prevent foreigners from entering the state.
On the other hand, the Voice of the People will continue to submit the documents to the government to ensure that the border issue can be resolved. bhalang and others without taking advantage of the political situation in this regard.
Some projects are very similar while others are excessive.
While the whole of India is happy because agriculture has started to grow in this country but in this region it is slow.
In addition, awareness should be given to the residents, school children and the public to know the value of cleanliness.
Protection of high-risk populations, Recommended for high-risk populations, i.e., people aged 65 years and older, people with other medical conditions, mothers the poor, and children under the age of 10 to stay at home, except when providing basic necessities and for health-related purposes.
The competition was held in four categories, College Level, State Level, Zonal and National Level.
Latiplang MDC Nongthymmai said that whether the Governor has approved the convening of the special session or not, Fabian Lyngdoh Chairman of the House said that if more than 20 Two MDCs have signed to convene a special session without the permission of the Governor.
Replying to a question by Bah PT Sawkmie regarding the report appointed by the House, the CEM of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem, said that the report on the allegations of corruption in the Professional Tax will be submitted to the House. The dorbar is not held in the current dorbar.
However, looking at the political situation since the enactment of the CAA in which the NPP has given its support, the party cannot sit without contesting the MP election to the Rajya Sabha because it needs a candidate. representative to speak on behalf of the state.
Shillong, Naitung 31: The Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the funds in the state government are still sufficient and there is no problem for the employment in the state.
This is according to a statement sent by Bah Roykupar Synrem, Secretary of the Village Council.
Announcing the victory, the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, congratulated the team of Jal Jeevan Mission, Meghalaya.
Shillong, Nailur 11: Due to the lack of approval of the report submitted by the Government to the Legislative Assembly on the shooting death of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew, the SUR of Jaintia Hills District in support of the SUR KA BRI. Hynniewtrep will hold a public meeting on the 13th November 2022 in Jowai.
He also expressed his hope that in this digital age, radio will continue to strengthen its role in the lives of the people.
The General Secretary of the Circle, Samla Riban Nongrum, urged the Government and the Police Department not to spread the fire.
The Speaker of the House said that the members of the House said that this struggle is like a war and the need is for them to come together to fight against this disease.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said that more than 150 nursing colleges have been announced as part of this year's budget.
The swearing-in ceremony of Dr. BD Mishra as Governor of Meghalaya will be held tomorrow morning at Raj Bhavan Shillong. three states as Lat.
Besides the Chief Minister, those who attended the ceremony were Government Ministers, EMs and MDCs of JHADC along with the people from all over the Khasi Hills especially those from the Elaka. Jowai.
In Shillong, the Khasi Seng Kmie today welcomed the leaders of the Sain Raid at the Khasi Seng Hing in Mawkhar with a prayer for the good of the Creator.
“This is part of the efforts to help and support the mothers who need assistance especially when they go to their workplaces and their jobs,” he recalled. The phrase says “service to others is part of service to God”.
Shillong, November 15: The Government today convened a meeting with the Chief Executive Members of the two District Councils, KHADC and JHADC, as well as the civil society organizations after receiving the report from the Regional Councils. The meeting was chaired by the Chief Minister, Cornad K Sangma, in the presence of the Deputy Chief Minister, Preston Tynsong. the Shillong Secretariat.
He gave an example of Sohiong where the old and new constituencies have not left while the party supporters have not left. He gave an example of Mawphlang where these are only a few constituencies. fine.
The death toll has risen to 21, with 17 deaths in East Khasi Hills, 2 in Ri Bhoi and 2 in West Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, November 02: U Commander Shangpliang, President of the Hill Farmers Union (HFU), has sworn in the members of the Union who have been elected as the Members of the 1st Meghalaya Farmers Parliament.
He said that the North Eastern Region of India has a great potential for the cultivation of herbal medicines as this region has many medicinal plants and the Central Government under the leadership of The Prime Minister of India has promoted the ministry to the Cabinet.
Shillong, November 07: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today commemorated the 25th death anniversary of Bah Bull N Lyngdoh.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today distributed copies at the Village Hall of Tyrsad Umkseh. Members of KSU NEHU Unit, parents, school children and youth of the village.
Shillong, Nailar 26: The Superintendent of Police (ESP) East Khasi Hills District today said that while police were returning from work at Lawmei village, policemen inside a Gypsy vehicle were hit by a petrol bomb on the road. in Mawlyndep, Ri Bhoi District.
There are 1521 SSA teachers in the rank of Fourth Teacher in the state. These teachers have written on placards that their salary is only T.6000/- tyngka. school fees, or medical fees, but the time and work they do is the same as that of other teachers.
(LUMPL) which has purchased the equipment for the use of this health centre.
Police conducted a raid on Friday night and found the hideout of the kidnappers in the middle of the forest, about 10 kilometers from the place of kidnapping.
In their meeting in front of the Secretariat after meeting with the Chief Secretary, they decided that tomorrow morning they will meet with the Chief Minister to seek clarification. to appeal to the High Court against the State Government.
Shillong, Nailar 05: The Social Welfare Department has asked the State Government to recruit Child Line employees as full time employees of the State Government. previously private organizations.
Speaking on crime, Myntri Rangbah Duh said that the Legislative Assembly has introduced strong laws which have strengthened the fight against these crimes.
The KSU strongly condemns the perpetrator of this crime and demands that the law enforcement authorities should punish him according to the rules of law.
Shillong, March 15: U Vincent H Pala today left for San Francisco, California to receive the body of Bishop Rev Dominic Jala. to take the body to Shillong.
Shillong, Nailur 04: The Quallapaty Dorbar Shnong today celebrated the 25th Anniversary of the Rangbah Shnong of Bah Martamlin Pyrbot in a short meeting with the permission of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills. Hills District.
RN Ravi took oath as the Governor of Meghalaya today in the name of God.
The stadium can accommodate up to 15,000 visitors , and will also be a training center for the youth of Meghalaya and the youth of the North East India.
Vivekanand Singh Rathore, IPS (RR 2012) has been promoted to the post of Commandant of 3rd MLP Bn, Sahbseiñ. Shailendra Bamaniya, IPS (RR 2016) has been transferred to the post of Superintendent of Police, South Garo Hills. Dr. Dara Aswaghosh, IPS (RR 2018) has been promoted to the post of Commandant of 2nd MLP Bn, Goeragre following the promotion of Bruno. Abraham T. Sangma, MPS, Superintendent of Police, South Garo Hills, has been transferred to the post of Superintendent of Police, South Garo Hills. Bruno A. Sangma, MPS, Commandant of 2nd MLP Bn, Goeragre has been transferred to the post of Superintendent of Police, North Garo Hills. Kamakhya Prasad, MPS, Commandant of 3rd MLP Bn, Sahbseiñ has been promoted to the post of Superintendent of Police, Traffic, Shillong. Aswaghosh, IPS. U Bah Metbah Lyngdoh has been re-elected for the second term as the Supreme Leader of the United Democratic Party (UDP) for the term 2023-2
The arrest of nine persons by HANM members took place on the 30th of July.
East Garo Hills District, while Eastern West Khasi Hills District has not been named even though it has been in existence for two years.
Nurses have a special role in creating empathy when patients hear harsh words from doctors and nurses.
He added that there are many problems in the NEP 2020 especially the lack of infrastructure which many schools in the state cannot implement immediately, the education department needs to pay attention to this issue.
Later, MCA President Nababrata Bhattacharjee recalled the process of these states under the NECDC to be confirmed as full members of the BCCI. "I'm playing at the national level," he told the players.
“It is the duty of the Government to ensure that children and youth are encouraged and empowered so that they can reach their destination,” said Swami Anuragananda, Secretary, Ramakrishna Mission Ashrama. Sohra in his speech, he said that people learn a lot from history and get encouragement from it.
On the other hand, the CoRP will not hesitate to pursue this issue until it wins.
Umiam Police Station, Umsning, said that these people tried to abduct one of the drivers of a truck number JH02AK9061 who was on his way to Guwahati, Haba. Police stopped the vehicle at 6.01 pm at Saiden, the vehicle fled and hit the Naka of the police with the intention of driving people. Police chased the vehicle and reached Nongpoh they fell. to shoot and arrest these people.
Shillong, November 14: The Hynniewtrep People's Federation (HPF) of Ri Bhoi District has urged the state government through the health department to assist the people of the Meghalaya-Assam border area to upgrade the Tyrso Sub. Center to Public Health Center (PHC).
Speaking to reporters, Depak Kumar Choudhury said that the man who came to rob him was alone and after committing the crime he fled the scene.
There were 8 winners in different categories from Category A and B (age wise) and among the participants, Greatmercy Langte won the Mrs Northeast India Brand Ambassador (WINNER) Print Model. .
To free the state from drug abuse, the Cabinet has approved the Drugs Reduction Elimination and Action Mission, the purpose of which is to work together to fight against drug abuse in the state.
On this day, they came out to cleanse and purify the surroundings of this holy place, the place where the cleansing of the remains of the bodies of the relatives, in the I am the king of fire when they die from this earth.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: Shillong Police on Tuesday arrested two persons and seized 10 grams of heroin from an I20 (AS01 AT0888). the bridge of Lawmali.
After the suggestion of the union, the SDO promised to take action to set up a temporary market where the farmers can bring their produce to sell, and this place will become a market. The SDO will take steps to find a suitable site so that it will be spacious and spacious enough for the farmers to bring their products.
Eighty children and male and female students from Class-IV as well as those who passed well in the SSLC and HSSLC, Graduate, Post Graduate and PhD examinations were honored on this occasion. Speaking as the chief guest, the Chairman of the North East Students Organization (NESO), Bah Samuel Jyrwa, urged the students to work hard so that they can become the future. which is good for the state and the nation.
When a foreign officer sends a wiar, they wiar, when he says dait, they dait.
With this victory, the NPP has regained the post of ruler in the GHADC under the leadership of Rakesh Sangma from the NPP in the joint venture of the GNC and the BJP. July 31: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly today decided to hold a meeting of the Zone-III Executive Committee of the CPA in Itanagar, Arunachal Pradesh.
He said that he has a sympathy for the poor and this affects the poor whether they pay the bailight or buy food. poor households in the state.
Other members who spoke were Gershome Hat, Vice President, Organizing Secretary, Basil Lyngdoh, Johnyfirts Lakhiat and others.
(Sp News).
He also mentioned many of these objectives to protect all Indians including through public development schemes, although the Lok Sabha has passed the Bill on Aadhaar Number but it is still in the hands of the Supreme Court. The Court has ruled that the Aadhaar Number should not be forced on anyone and has accepted that the Aadhaar Number is the Social Security No. We would like to express our gratitude to the citizens of Meghalaya and Assam who have the least number of Aadhaar numbers in India. They also agreed not to accept Aadhaar and to disseminate this agreement to the public. The Government has been requested to investigate the senders of the SMS.
On this question, the Chief Executive Member, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, replied that the salaries of the employees have been paid on time. the payment is due on the 10th of the month.
The SP said that an investigation has been conducted and it has been found that Sijo has been drinking drugs.
The Assistant Program Officer, State NTEP, Dr. Amica J.Rynjah said, “Some of the patients are also household members and besides being affected by TB, the and the whole household was in trouble.
In the speech of Rophul S. Marak, Bluebell R. Sangma expressed the same feeling and promised in front of the people to work together for the development of this district. Two MLA Constituencies.
Ensure that the isolation patient is monitored daily.
The BSF are vigilant to ensure that smugglers do not get involved in illegal trade.
Nine-year-old Aidalin had to take the responsibility of supporting her blind mother and two brothers by working as a laborer in the neighbourhood.
Police also seized a mobile phone.
The meeting was chaired by Bah Tyngkai Mynsong, President of the Union of Chiefs of Mawkynrew.
The draft Indian Forest Act also states that the purpose of the Act is to fulfill India's commitments through the international commitments that India has signed and ratified at the UN. 123 p.
He said that the demand for MLAs to bring forward the discussion in the Assembly to clarify the rights and status of the Dorbars, Dorbars, Shnongs, Raids and Himas according to the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement dated 17 Aug clarify how the various Acts shall work with the Shnong, Raid and Hima authorities.
The Sub-Divisional Officer (C) said that the relevant authorities have closely monitored the situation in order to provide security to the people.
Out of these nine, seven Executive Members were members of the former Executive Committee led by former CEM Titosstarwell Chyne. They included Gigur Myrthong, Grace Mary Kharpuri, Macdalyn Sawkmie Mawlong, Rangkynsai Kharbuki, Teiborlang Pathaw and Victor Ranee.
Shillong, July 11: The 24 hour curfew of the HNLC which started at 7 pm yesterday ended at 7 pm today.
Shillong, July 15: Shingly Nongkhlaw, owner of New World Restaurant, Shillong, has passed away this morning. the Creator of the field.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that instead of amending the Meghalaya Public Works Department Service Rules, 1995, the Government has introduced a new Rule.
Whether the construction of the house is in accordance with the rules issued by the building department, whether the ring light to the area is in accordance with the law, whether the light bill has been paid or not, whether the water supply it is legal and if it is whether the water bill has been paid.
The Government is determined to work for the development of the state.
TMC candidate Zenith M Sangma welcomed the BJP supporters who joined the TMC in the presence of TMC candidate Zenith M Sangma. leader of the party.
Shillong, June 30: Four COVID-19 patients at the Civil Hospital Shillong have tested negative for COVID-19, Chief Minister Cornad K Sangma today.
On this occasion, the Government also honored 188 winners of various awards in the 2nd North East Olympic Games (NEOG) 2022 and 54 teachers at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong. which was organized by the Sports Department of the State Government.
According to a statement sent by the Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills, the child was found on the 2nd of November, 2024 at about 11:00 pm.
Speaking on the need to abolish the party in the KHADC, Bah John Kharshiing, Chairman, Legislative Assembly and Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States, said that the time has come to abolish the party. Speak on this issue or should agree to give its own Assembly without party only for the Chief Executive Members according to the IOA & AA.
Speaking to Batesi TV, Lambokstarwell Marngar said the party does not want to have any confusion like in 2005 when there was a delay in the working of the MBOSE in Tura.
This Tourist Spot has not received any assistance or benefits from the Government or MLA/MDCs or even a penny for this place except for the donation received from those who visit this place. area.
CANDLES 2.
Shillong, November 07: The Grassroot NGO has worked hard in the past many years to bring about change in the society, whether it is in the field of health, to improve income generation in urban and rural areas and to work with other organizations whether in India or outside India as well.
Shillong, July 29: Government employees who earn more than 50,000 tyngka per month will no longer be eligible for the NFSA scheme, said the Director of Food and Civil Supplies. State Government and Mr. W Khyllep.
On the other hand, the four organizations condemn such a situation that the drivers of 108 vehicles should be drunk while on duty.
Through the Ayushman Bharat scheme, the country has provided a network of 1.6 lakh Health and Wellness Centers since 2018, and this has played a major role in the fight against diseases like COVID-1
NEIGRIHMS, Shillong is one of the three institutions in the country where such a competition has been organized by IUPS. to the Director of NEIGRIHMS, Prof. (Dr.) DM Thappa who has encouraged me from the beginning.
In the petition, the union also informed that the army has been forcibly occupying the land of private individuals and harassing the people from time to time.
Regarding the total sampling in Khanapara today, 350 people were sampled by going from one house to another due to the curfew in the area today.
Shillong, June 08: U Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board, on Tuesday convened a meeting of the three Autonomous District Councils and the Chief Executive Members to discuss the rules and regulations. earth bat shyiap.
On this occasion, the two Prime Ministers agreed to set a border crossing by mutual understanding.
He said that the Right to Information Act is a blessing to the people because through this Act they can ask for information from the government on what the government should do for the people of the state.
We are waiting for the reply of the Chief Minister of our state, and we hope that the work will go smoothly for the benefit of all, especially us the people of Bri U Hynniew Trep, Hynniew Skum, who “It's a big issue in the border dispute in our state,” said Dr. Ampareen.
Candle CP 9.
The body was found in Tuchagre forest near Gambegre in West Garo Hills district.
“I am very pleased to have the opportunity to take part in this Eucharistic procession of the Shillong Archdiocese to share with you the love and devotion to the Holy Eucharist.
In a statement, the Chairman of the Election Committee of the KSU, Bah Danny Khyriem said that the KSU has 354 branches and only 40 members from each unit are allowed to be voters. There are 3199 voters to elect the office bearers of the KSU in this election.
The JACSO demands that the Central Government, the Office of the Prime Minister, the Chief Minister and the KHADC should clarify on this road. Uranium mining is something else.
of Meghalaya who was the chief guest in the presence of RPS Thakur, Zonal Director NYKS, Meghalaya Zone who was the Chief Guest, other dignitaries who were present on the occasion. the day they covered Bah.
This is in accordance with the order issued by the NGT on 17th June
The CEO shall from time to time monitor the smooth running of the business and the DEOs and EROs shall monitor the registration under the E-Roll Monitoring Application (AIERMA) of the country.
All the titles of the above books are free of charge, and the distribution of these books has started from the 15th of this month from the offices of the different blocks.
It may be recalled that the National Commission for Tribal Affairs, Govt of India, the highest authority in charge of tribal affairs, on 26th April 2012, issue a directive to the Ministry of Tribal Affairs to look into and implement the remaining agreements as concluded in the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement of 17 August
Police of Patharkhmah Police Station, who received a tip on the incident, rushed to the scene and took the body to Nongpoh Civil Hospital for postmortem.
The road connecting Shillong to the Administrative City at Umsawli and between the Administrative City and Knowledge City at Mawkhanu has been allocated at a cost of T.520 crore, he said. Various projects in the Administrative City and Knowledge City for the year 2024-2
In this meeting, he said that if the two members of the party who have been arrested do not have anything to do with the police, they will apologize to the public in front of the media. arrested by the police on charges.
Out of the 12 districts in Meghalaya, 11 districts have been registered. Eastern West Khasi Hills District has not received the PMFME scheme. you District.
Meanwhile, vehicles coming from West, South West and Eastern Khasi Hills District will have to pass through Pomlakrai village to reach Mawryngkneng and enter the Shillong Bye-Pass.
On the same day, the Chief Minister also launched 14 bikes known as “First Responder Bikers” belonging to the Traffic Department.
“All the measures and policies of the Government are designed to move India towards this goal.
The union said that the establishment of a police outpost at Mukhroh will benefit the residents as the police from West Karbi Anglong have been harassing the residents living on the border.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, in reply to a question by Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, said in the House that the Shillong Medical College will be implemented by -2026.
At the meeting organized by the MATI office, the newly appointed IAS Officers were pleased to hear that there are such policies in the state.
However, the KJNU demands that the committee should be dissolved. The KJNU leader said, “Don't want to be the father of the characters. Pnar” but he did not say who else they are, what he said is that this will cause differences of opinion among the people of Hynniewtrep.
The number of False COVID-19 Positive cases in the state has risen to 43, the number of those undergoing treatment has dropped to 14, the number of recoveries has risen to
He said that such celebrations remind the present generation of the sacrifice of their ancestors.
After the post mortem at Nongpoh Civil Hospital, it was learned that the perpetrator of the crime, a Nepali, was arrested by the Assam police.
On the other hand, the Government urges the people not to worry about the spread of the disease. Before it gets worse, we need to think carefully about ourselves. .
Thus he decided to teach religion and more importantly to teach in agriculture to earn a living and to teach education as a tool to improve human life in society.
Shillong, March 11: The Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan (NYKS) has launched the Clean India Program in Shillong, Meghalaya as part of its six-month Swachh Bharat campaign across the country.
She said that according to the telephone call, it was understood that they were looking for another person but sadly when they arrived at the scene of the incident they found that Bah Macborn. He lay lyngktar on the road amidst a flow of blood from his body and died on the spot shortly afterwards.
Those who returned today after being tested did not have any symptoms and were allowed to go to their respective districts to their homes and when they reached their homes. They have to stay at home for 14 days. This is not only for them but for the whole family and the government will provide food for the family.
Regarding the incident, the incident was not due to the harassment of the KHADC officials but due to the land dispute between the residents.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the President of the Sein Raij Jowai, Bah OR Shallam, said that it is not yet possible to say whether they have worked or not. This Behdienkhlam coincides with the current disease to ward off this disease.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Titosstarwell Chyne today said that the office of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has been closed for the past two days. positive COVID-19 test.
Almost all the MDCs of the parties as it is now have slept with the Congress party after the elections and it is only during the elections that they come out to wave the flag.
Since its establishment, the college has grown in many ways and has been able to open various institutions for the benefit of the students of this area and especially the people of Meghalaya. .
Many government ministers, MDCs, political party leaders, civil society leaders and private individuals from all over Ri Khasi and Garo Hills also came to NEIGRIHMS to express their condolences. They also requested that Agnes be raped by the criminals.
“As the Seng, we are firm in the foundation and commitment that we have made that we will never allow this mineral to be extracted from our country.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: The Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy today rejected the government's request to appoint an Administrator in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). The KHADC has sent a letter to the Governor of Meghalaya regarding the political situation in the KHADC after receiving a complaint from 14 MDCs regarding the power struggle. The EC of Bah Teinwell Dkhar was defeated by the vote of the Speaker of the House.
Madhavpur is located on the coast, near Porbandar.
The Chief Minister has visited the village to see the needs of the people in this area as Lum Nohkrek has provided drinking water to the city of Tura.
Shillong, Lber 20: " Condemning the harassment and attacks on the people living in the border areas between Assam and Meghalaya, the Assam Government Police have been willing to attack their The human rights violations in these areas are due to the lack of attention of the Government of Meghalaya to resolve the border issue for more than 42 years,” said Bah Dino DG Dympep, Chairman of Meghalaya Peoples Human Rights. Council(MPHRC).
Before the announcement of the JACSO, the village authorities together with all the Sengbhalang on Saturday conducted a drug raid and raid on the entire Mawkyrwat market, but only the drugs were seized. The drug dealers and drug users fled the scene as soon as they saw the incident.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: The All Meghalaya Khasi Tourist Association (AKA) on Tuesday met with the Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on the issue of suspension of tourist vehicles. from Assam to move freely around the tourist attractions of the state.
In his speech, Dr Sangma congratulated the hospitals run by the missions in Meghalaya for their contribution to the health services in the state.
He said that there is a need for the cooperation of all to ensure that the people should not be discriminated against in all aspects, all the people should participate in development activities and there are laws to protect their rights. public.
The houses most affected by the natural disaster are the houses of the Agriculture Department in Kyrdemkulai and the houses of the Road Construction Department. There was a collapse of trees and only one vehicle was damaged.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) in collaboration with the Meghalaya State Commission for Women and the Office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, Shillong today held a Youth Festival under the theme “A smart teenager, for a bright future”.
This will ensure protection of their rights and enable them to participate fully in society, he added.
During the meeting, the Chief Minister welcomed the delegation to his office and there was a discussion in which the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, appreciated the proposals. This group under the leadership of the MLA has to inform.
The meeting was conducted by Delicia Jyrwa.
The Minister said he welcomed the UNLF to the democratic government and congratulated them on their journey to peace and development.
Some of the factories have built their own coal power plants to supply electricity to the factories but due to the ban on coal mining it has affected them too to generate power. They don't have coal.
The provisions of the policy state 'carry-forward', for example, if reserved Category-A candidates cannot apply at the time of appointment in the specified year, then any percentage remaining from Category-A Candidates from Reserved Category B or C should be filled according to their experience and knowledge.
Our Seng Kurs also have a great role to play in protecting not only the Kur and the Jait but also the Jaidbynriew. The Kur ka Jait is one of the ways to protect not only the Kur ka Jait Khasi-Par from its purity and sanctity but also one of the ways to protect the Jaidbynriew itself.
On the part of the President of the Seng Kmie, he urged these old and new members to work hard and serve more fully for the good of the community. Southern Riwar Zone and the nation as a whole.
The party wants to say that in fact he should have dismissed these Ministers and if it is true as the CBI report shows he should have arrested them immediately to bring them to justice. “It is a statement sent by Bah Phiradaker Marwein, Publicity Secretary HPSO West Khasi Hills District.
The Union Cabinet today decided that a new integrated terminal will be built at Lucknow Airport with an area of ​​88,000 sqm to join the existing terminal (16292 sqm).
Shillong, Lber 25: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong today laid the foundation stone for the improvement of the road from Mawmaram to St. Theresa Secondary School, Mawlaingut. Nongthliew, Mawmih, Mawlyndep to reach Ladumsaw in the morning.
Of these, 2,58,241 villages have received drinking water but it has not been provided as it should have been.
We want to see that the youth should do the job but not just demand money from shops and contractors because this will increase the value of our nation and our State.
Police have recovered the body of an unidentified person from Mawkhanu, the NAHAI collection point, from vehicles passing on this road at 1.30 pm today. by-pass, along with this body, a bike number AS-01-AR-1671 was also seized.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: A total of 123 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in all districts of the state today. cases from Hills, 13 cases from Ri Bhoi.
In his speech, Prime Minister Duh said, “This step towards unity and the commitment to build a prosperous India is getting further away as the days go by.
However, the State Government did not believe ei ei in that suggestion of ours, that is, when I was CEM. and he did nothing; When the leaders do not see far even this work which can be seen through and without, then where is the vision of the great works of the State.
N Passah, in his speech, spoke about the journey of Syiem Tirot Singh as a freedom fighter of the country until the day of his death on the 17th of November
Playwright & Performer: "Ngam Banse" and "Khana Lyngkot" have been produced as a documentary film by Doordarshan Shillong.
After Meghalaya became its own state, the land was taken over by the Soil and Water Conservation Department of the Government of Meghalaya only to manage the tree planting project and not to own the land.
Construction Ltd.
There are 32 constituencies in the JHADC and 2 of them will be closed and the others will be sold by the people through elections.
The Parish Mawiong has been taken over by the Diocesan Fathers or the Fathers of the Diocese, said Archbishop Victor who appointed Rev. Fr.Alfred Lyngdoh Nongbri as the first spiritual leader of the Mawiong Parish. this parish.
In the absence of the Chairman of the Lokayukta, Adelbert has lodged a complaint with the Secretary of the Lokayukta, Rapthap under Section 13 (1) of the Prevention of Corruption Act
Shillong, July 27: Wansuk Syiem, MP of the Rajya Sabha from Meghalaya, today filed his nomination papers for the post of MP. I'm sorry for this election.
“He said that the suspected drug dealer is a foreigner from Bengal.
In his speech, the President of the party, Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar said that the party is living in an era of change, turmoil and challenges. and they shall fall in that temptation.
The IRBN policeman was injured in the incident and was taken to Civil Hospital Shillong for treatment.
“You have been confused because the Admit Card issued by the NTA shows that the examination center is at the NEHU Cluster Building; However, NEHU has set up two examination centers in the Non-Science and Science Cluster Classrooms, without giving exact information to the students in which hall they should take the examination.
When asked, she said, "On my part, I don't blame anyone.
The government is currently preparing how to implement the MHIS III and it will run smoothly without any disruption which will seriously affect the implementation and its objectives. to increase the allocation from T.1.6 lakh to T.2.0 lakh.
After the arrival of the Symbud Khnong Blai, the children of Niamtre came down to dance at this sacred hand.
In another development, the Minister of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, has visited two markets for the sale of farmers, one at Sangmein in Sanmer and one in Mawiong. Farmers can sell their produce during the lockdown.
“There is an illegal collection of money through the gate of the Syiem of Sohra Hima from coal trucks passing through the Majai Land Custom Station at the rate of T.400 per truck and this has led to a clash. .
The oldest participant went to Rijoplang Ryntong and the youngest participant went to Joelinda Nongrum.
Samla Wenesday Dkhar was the President of the Circle, followed by Pillar Phawa, Asst Secretary, Iohhun Lyngdoh, Publicity Secretary Starley Shylla and Organizing Secretary Jimmy. Tariang, Sport Secretary Break Starly Suna, Education Secretary Longshwa Dkhar, Discipline Secretary Lurshai Chyrmang, Finace Secretary Miss Hunlangki Khynriem, Socio & Cultural Secretary Thombor Shadap and Executive Members.
However, fortunately, the robbers were found by passers-by and the robbers fled the scene. One of them was arrested and handed over to the police.
This thought and statement is wrong among the most wrong and such statements show a misunderstanding of uranium mining and perhaps they don't even understand what development is.
Shillong, Naitung 27: U Governor of Meghalaya, Dr KK Paul today expressed his deep sorrow over the passing away of former Governor of Meghalaya Madhukar Dighe.
The meeting will be conducted by Bah David Nongrum, MLA of the area and Chairman of the Meghalaya Tourism Development Corporation. called.
The BSF will take all necessary measures to assist the youths who have been misled to train them to stand on their own feet. The BSF has been arrested and the hard work of the BSF has paid off today.
The union wanted to know whether the contractor has handed over the school to the government.
He said that the state government has brought many development projects through the CM elevate, Prime and others.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Naik Sarshon Lyngdoh said that he is from Tynger village and completed his class III education. He was supposed to do it in Goa, known as Portugal in 1958 but he was on leave.
The Civil Society Women's Organization (CSWO) which has recently decided to withdraw from the ILP protest, today appeared in the court before Justice R Rymbai.
Shillong, July 27: The Hynniewtrep Cultural and Welfare Organization (HTCWO) will hold the 'Sur Tynrai' Khasi Music and Song Competition in two rounds. Entry forms can be obtained from Mahari & Sons, Motphran at the price of `.300/- from 26th July , 2019 and the deadline for submission of entry forms and videos will be on 17th August, 2019 at the office of the party.
Titosstarwell said the PSC has submitted its report to Parliament and when the report is received from the Parliament website it is clear that the PSC has not listened to the opinions of the ADCs. and of the state government that they object to certain aspects.
The T.5 lakh paid by the government to these families is not enough and in fact the money allocated for the Cherry Blossom Festival should be given to these families, said Rani.
As discussed, the companies should build schools for the benefit of the people of the area.
Ed and B.Ed examinations on the 10th/06/2023, Shri Ambrose Ch Marak, Secretary Department, has confirmed that the examination will be postponed and this will be announced in the coming days. to come.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, he said he is sorry that the Lokyukta has concluded only after taking the police report, but at the same time he said he is sorry. I am pleased that this complaint has been heard for six months.
“The scheme will serve as a witness to the Government's commitment to empower entrepreneurs and strengthen the society.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: Due to heavy rainfall in these days has caused many floods and landslides even in the surrounding areas of Shillong.
Keshab Mahanta, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Assam was the chief guest at the meeting.
He said that the Council will consider holding the Monolith Festival from time to time at Khasi Heritage Village, Mawphlang and a Bill will be prepared so that it will be the duty of the Executive Committee of the Council to hold it regularly. the Festival is held every year.
After the completion of the work, there was a distribution of rice, gold and silver to take home.
LC Joshi Ranee, Principal Chief Income Tax, North East, in his speech on the occasion, said that T.7,097 crore has been collected from the North East in 2017-1 which is a 16.7 times increase over Rs 6,082 crore collected in the previous year.
The award is given annually to three persons for their contribution to child development, child protection and child welfare.
Kharshiing said that the 71 years of rule in India through the Autonomous District Councils over the Khasi States without the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement dated 17 Aug 1948 in the Constitution of India is indeed rule. without understanding the customs and traditions and especially the land laws in Khasi Jaintia and Garo Hills.
This initiative has not only improved the quality of the equipment but has also served as a source of employment in the villages it has supported.
Acting on specific information, the troops of 193rd Battalion BSF carried out a coordinated operation with the Meghalaya police.
There are two names by which the name of the tribe is changed but it is the same person or the same person. This affects the boundary because the same people live in the two states.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: On behalf of the Seng, we express our concern over the rapid increase in the number of cases of Covid-19 in the State.
Furthermore, through the meeting with the state government on 19.07.2017, the union urges the government that if it does not take into account the meeting on that day, it should immediately punish the NFR if it starts working. I'm going to Byrnehat.
He said that in Manipur, although there is an AFPSA Act to fight against insurgency by giving full powers to the army, it has not been able to address these issues.
: means those who speak publicly and broadcast news through their own media.
The KSUP strongly condemns the actions of those three people who have defamed the state and urged the Governor of the state not to listen to these allegations. and at the same time the government should not allow them to complain without any reason.
After that he trained as a soldier in Wellington and at the National Defense College, New Delhi. Before taking over the post of Chief of Staff of the IAF, he was one of the Chief of Army Staff who served in the southern parts of India. Principal Director, Information and Electronics Warfare and Assistant Chief of Air Staff at Air HQ New Delhi, Air Defense Commander within HQ Eastern Air Command, and one of the officers in charge of HQ South Western Air Command, Gandhinagar.
In athletics 29 medals and in shooting 22 medals, this is also a record.
With this recognition of the Ethical Committee, clinical trials have been conducted at NEIGRIHMS to help promote the research of the Hospital in the coming years.
On the other hand, the JYF members from all Units and Circles have urged all the members of the JYF from all Units and Circles to take part in the election which will start at 11 am.
Speaking to reporters, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Latiplang, said that he was elected by the House as the CEM of KHADC and the Governor of the State who is the founder of the KHADC. the Constitution of India.
Qualy Suiam joined the Congress Party in 2010 and contested the MLA election from 4 Mowkaiaw LA Constituency but came second in this election.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong urged the youth to avoid bad habits and to be diligent in their studies and sports.
A delegation of BJP Meghalaya State Unit leaders led by President Rikman G. Momin and Bah Alexander L. Hek on Thursday met with the Archbishop of Shillong Archdiocese, Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh at the Archbishop's House. , Laitumkhrah and handed over to him the Revered Akshat and a letter of invitation for the opening of the Shree Ram Mandir.
The union demands that the district authorities should allow only those people who have registered with the Shillong Municipal Board to sell land.
Shillong, Nailur 06: The North East Forum for Indigenous People (NEFIP) led by CoMSO has held its first Federal Assembly in Aizawl. , Mizoram on the 5th and 6th of this month.
She said that there are also many shortcomings, which they have to fight against how to improve, and she will try not to allow any shortcomings in the work within the police department.
The release of this song in collaboration with the singers and composers, is part of the celebration of the 10th Anniversary of the HYC on the 17th of November, which is also the founding day of the HYC. her.
Likewise, Regulation No.5 of 1952 shall not be allowed to be interfered with by anyone, as it is the sign of the accession of the 25 Khasi States into India. The repeal of Regulation No. 5 of 1952 means that it wants us to leave India.
Regarding this protest, FASTOM has not sought permission to hold an indefinite protest in front of the Secretariat and this is in violation of Section 144 CrPC. The District Magistrate's decision was issued on 11th June
The former MLA of Ranikor cannot be called a defector.
The MSOA was urged to initiate and continue to monitor the discussions in order to pave the way for assistance in the development of sports.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills said that since the 1990s, they have been inspecting and mining raw ore. They built two tanks and put them there along with other equipment.
This was stated by Bah B Dohtdong, spokesperson of MSWDA in a statement.
His wife Shipra Mathur today took over as the President of the Air Force Wives Welfare Association Regional from today.
Public awareness campaign has been conducted across the country on the blending of ethanol in petrol so that the public is aware of the problems that will arise and how to maintain the tanks in their vehicles, for example. They should not park vehicles, scooties, motor bikes in places where there is no light.
Applications can be obtained from the District Fisheries Officers from the 25th of this month to the 15th of next month.
After the thanksgiving ceremony, the judge of the village, the elderly man, started playing all the nine skits, as a sign of the beginning of the preparations for the Shad Suk Mynsiem. year.
On the other hand, KHNAM General Secretary Edelbert Nongrum, who is also the MDC of Jaiaw, said that the law should be in place in Meghalaya.
If the government cancels this extension, it will give relief to other IAS officers who should have reached this rank and those who should have been promoted.
Among the three candidates, the Executive members and the residents of the village, men and women, have discussed carefully and found that he is the only one who is qualified to be our leader in JHADC, because he is He is a school teacher and has been a Rangbah Shnong for more than 70 years. He is also an experienced worker. soul shroud.
Shillong Lajong FC will play against Royal Wahingdoh FC on the 26th of this month at the same venue.
During the raid, they found fake British Certificates from this place.
Police have now registered a case of murder.
Prof Gassah said that the demand for information and clarity on the Sixth Schedule has come from overseas, from the United States, Japan and the people of Ladakh after they got the Union Territory.
Shillong, July 02: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Jaiaw Circle has demanded that the Vice President of the Jaiaw Circle, Bah Donbok Kharlyngdoh, should apologize to the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Jaiaw Circle for writing the letter of the Jaiaw Circle. give it to him to send to the senior leadership of the organization.
Shillong, Nailar 27: The President of the HSPDP party, Bah KP Pangniang today sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya urging the Government to suggest to the Central Government to introduce the amendment of Para 12(A)(b) of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution.
The NPP came out of the NCP which split from the Congress in those years,” he said.
e.
Shillong, 17: The Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Nongkwar, Bah Rapbor Roi Thangkhiew, has issued NOC to Mayasheel Retail Ltd, Bazar India to open a shop in Mawlai Nongkwar without the knowledge of the Dorbar Shnong.
Some of them are that only our indigenous people should be admitted if they wish.
The pair were involved together in the 78th minute when Dameki whipped in a cross but Wanlam was just out of its reach.
In her speech, Ms Laloo said that this blood donation is a lifeline to others who need it and she urged the youth to come forward to donate blood.
These ships are docked at Khat Darang and Khat Kongwang.
The union is very grateful to E.E for promising to take action and expects these demands to be fulfilled.
The KSU works for the future of the nation while the politicians or party workers work for the victory of the party for three years,” he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: U Arun L Lyngdoh Marshillong, resident of Mawlai Phudmawri, has been injured in the right leg when a gun exploded while they were hunting in Langlibun forest behind the school. According to police sources, on Saturday, Bah Devorjune L Marshillong went hunting behind the NEHU School in the forest known as Langlibun.
Shillong, Nailur 15: The KHNAM State Youth Wing today met with the EM of Labour, Bah Donkupar Sumer to express his concern over the lack of labor license for foreigners driving local and tourist vehicles.
It may be recalled that the Union of Rangbah Kurs of Hynniewtrep was founded by Bah HS Shylla Bamkwaiha during his tenure as Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
Wapung, November 19: The Seiñ Kur Dkhar Wapung Circle, on the 17th of this month, held a program of honoring at Wapungshnong village, East Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Nailar 9: Aripson Sater D Shira, 22, a nurse student at Civil Hospital Shillong, has committed suicide by stabbing himself inside the men's hostel at the school. .
The HNAM leader reminded the Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong that the NPP party will resolve the border issue with Assam if it comes to power. The government should do what it promised during the elections.
More than a thousand people from neighboring villages of Smit village came to take part in the training on government schemes related to the people and to learn about whether the schemes go to those who deserve them.
Whoever is involved in the bomb blast is the duty of the police to follow up and not just to make a sohpdung and arrest the leaders of the HNYF,” said the President of the HNYF. He said that the anger of many churches on the Metor issue is because the MDA Government has ended up appointing High Level Committees but the work has not reached anywhere.
Initially, according to the preparations for the construction of this road, it was said that to make the road smoother and easier for vehicles to travel, it was necessary to move another road to make it flatter by extending it by 3 km from the old road. The KSU has opposed this proposal.
The Indian bombers are from the Indian Navy's Western Naval Command and are based in Mumbai.
However, the Khasi children had to use more than forty Bengali characters in writing and reading Khasi.
He said that if he continues to be the working president of the party it will affect him because he will not be able to pass the time.
Dr Balajied S Syiem, Syiem Hima Khyrim and Bah John F Kharshiing, presented certificates to all the students and assistants of Seng Samla Smit, who have worked hard in this field. task.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh expressed his gratitude to be present on such a day to witness the Sap Siat Khnam of the Rang Ia Siat who came to participate only from Mawkynrew Constituency but from all over the country to preserve this traditional snap of the Khasi Khara people which has been Niewtang and Tyngkai since ancient times. There is a spirit of struggle among us Longmynta to shape the future of the Jaitbynriew.
“He announced that through the Center of Excellence for Climate Change in Shillong, the Government plans to disseminate information to school and college students.
Changes in examination boards and other tests.
Shillong, Naitung 05: U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MDC Mawkynrew Constituency on Tuesday visited the Crèche Center at Khapmaw Village, which is run by the Seng. Rangbah Khlieh Shnong, Khapmaw Constituency to witness for himself the hard work of this group to carry the heavy responsibility of providing the best service to the people. of the people Village Village.
On the other hand, the CoHSO urges all political parties not to be hypocritical during the elections. All political parties to support the demand for the government to implement the ILP in Khasi Hills.
I am a leader, I understand to see that my family is crying and I am also sick of heart,” said the KSU leader. They don't benefit anymore if you file a case.
Myntri Langstien urged the market dwellers to take this opportunity to donate Tika for the safety of the families who shop together and at the same time the Hima has decided to donate Tika. Government's directives in the fight against COVID-1
The committee also advised the public to wear masks at home but they should be made of cotton cloth and the mask should have a scarf.
It is learned that during the visit of the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma to Delhi these days, he has discussed the issue with the Central Government and expects to receive the request for funds from the NEC to complete. let this work.
Shillong, August 04: The Indian Panorama Film Festival, Shillong, today was inaugurated by the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma. The festival will be held in Shillong.
“Especially Ranikor which still deserves to get jobs to promote economic development.
According to this Act, all foreign workers are required to apply for Registration Card when they come to work in the State.
Not only us, but other organizations from Jaintia Hills have also complained to the government about the deterioration of this road along with the news, but the government has remained silent and has not done anything. spirit em until now spirit.
The purpose of the award is to encourage the people of the area to continue to work hard in their education as a nation, and at the same time to encourage the youth who They have learned to share the burden of the nation.
“We are pleased that there are many candidates who want to contest the 2024 MP election from the UDP but the final decision will be taken at the party meeting.
He said that in Shillong, the water supply by machines is very high and if this policy is not implemented, it will affect the water supply in the state as a whole as it is now. There is a water tank in Mawphlang which supplies water to Shillong.
Shillong, Lber 02: Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, Rituraj Ravi IPS, today said that a clash has broken out between BSF troops and some people at Daliya village in Shella area. Asen M Marak was killed in the incident.
The winners of the competition in various categories were, Boy's Sub Junior –
The Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary is located near the area where M/s Star Cement Meghalaya Ltd will take land for mining. The EC has appointed M/s Star Cement Meghalaya Ltd. to suspend the meeting.
At the same time, the KSU South West Khasi Hills District and KSU Sengkmie have expressed their concern for the community not only in the issues but in all the areas that the unit needs and the people of the area. they feel needed.
Speaking to media after the meeting, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrih said that the group will travel across the country to hold public meetings to explain the CAB, federal government intends to legislate.
The Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) has nothing to do with this website and if there are people who have anything to do with this website, the government is not responsible. if there is any incident.
“While I was on my way to the Lakroh River, the BSF personnel mentioned above stopped me and started questioning me whether I was an Indian or a Bangladeshi.
Learnings from around the world in cheetah relocation to new habitats Cheetahs were reintroduced to India after decades and such a project, inevitably, would face problems with the success.
Speakers on the occasion were Joy Syiem, State Director, North East Network, Meghalaya.
The Minister was accompanied by health officials and doctors and after the inspection she called a meeting with the officials to better understand the hospital.
The Seng also urges all the residents of the area and all the Waheh Shnongs to join hands with the Seng not to allow the entry and exit and trade with the Karbi until peace comes among the Karbi. and the city of Khanduli.
Speaking to reporters, he said that there are many groups in charge of cleaning the rivers, but this is to bring together all the groups in one shatri to look after this. the problem.
However, suddenly, the SP of South Karbi Anglong came to the scene and threatened that if he finds that the Rangbah Shnong is continuing his work, he will arrest him.
Fredrick Kharmawphlang said the government should not accept the demand of the Meghalaya Gorkha Ex Servicemen Welfare Association. If you live in the Municipal Area or anywhere else, you can't accept that you should ask your Rangbah Shnong to be recognized by the government. "As a nation, we will never allow these foreigners to start infringing on the rule of law and infringing on the constitution. We are the Khasi in any way we don't oppose their settlement but they shouldn't demand that they have their own khaddar system. owners.
Regarding the earthquake in Lumparing Parmaw which destroyed three houses, four people were trapped in the earthquake. the three bodies are still missing.
We are grateful to have met you face to face on 22nd January 2021 where we had the opportunity to learn about the preparation of the first batch of youth who came out for the NVDA Force for the protest. No Hill State No Rest".
West Khasi Hills 3, South West Khasi Hills 1, Ri Bhoi 83, West Jaintia Hills 16, East Jaintia Hills 5, West Garo Hills 102, South West Garo Hills 3, South Garo Hills 3 and North Garo Hills
District Co-ordinator Alvareen Shangpliang and Garland Sun Block Co-ordinator SBM-B on the cleanliness of the morning in the presence of Sister Batriti Swer, Vice Principal Ferrando School, Bah Bandari Ryntathiang. CoRP Central Body President, Samla Baiateilang Lapang, teachers and students from nine schools in the area.
Sometimes at night the iong is not easy and safe especially for the girls because the footpath is covered with dense forest.
Speaking to media, u Bah Paul said that the second phase of the border talks with Assam is ongoing, whether with both the state governments or with the Assam government. village leaders, land owners or district authorities.
Benefits of Rs 10,683 crore will be expected over the five years of manufacturing recognized MMF garments, MMF garments and textile related products in India.
Shillong, July 18: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) will meet the Minister of Home Affairs of the Union Government of Meghalaya regarding the border between Meghalaya and Assam especially the Block and block 2, because the state government cannot do anything about this and it just goes to the table of negotiations and doesn't get anywhere and all the work that should be done is left in the file. .
According to the schedule, the polling will be held on the same day.
“We can see signs of the government's desire to address these issues by the appointment of District Task Forces headed by Deputy Commissioners and the creation of 39 posts of Labor Inspectors. the Directorate of Anti-Infiltration, the management of the National Population Register and others”.
Police have also conducted patrols around Shillong and its suburbs for the sake of peace and order and to ensure that there will be no tragic incident.
On the other hand, the police who are in different places to ensure that the people should obey this announcement have punished those who violate by beating them and putting them on the road.
As the days went by, the number of mynder increased, which greatly affected the indigenous people.
Speaking on the occasion, Mansan Najiar said that the writing industry is not easy for many writers who have appeared but this should not make her retire from the writing industry. it shall fight against itself, that it may rise higher and higher.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Dr. Debashish Chowdhury, Controller of Examinations of NEHU, said that it is true that on 29/6/2022, the B.Sc result was released. to remove because there is a slight difference in the result.
The Minister said that there are 105 TRIFED showrooms in the country and the Government's target is to increase this to 200 by
The resignation of these four EMs has prompted the party to withdraw its support from the PDF led by Bah PN Syiem, which includes three EMs. Congress leaders have resigned from their posts.
We must know the truth about this.
Rev. Fr. Ferdinand Dkhar was born on 26th June, 1962 in Ïongkaluh, East Jaintia Hills.
In his speech, Conrad said that to be prepared, there may be more difficulties as the people of the state will continue to return especially from Maharashtra.
The Ministry of Ayush has approved the proposal to build an Ayurvedic College at Dudhnoi in Goalpara in the year 2022-2
Referring to the railway line, the Prime Minister said that the government has prepared that instead of having a railway station, the government will set up a gate to check passengers, without having a railway station. the railway station how to build the gate inside the railway station.
On the other hand, the NPYF, the NPP Youth Wing, held a ceremony at the State Convention Center in the presence of the Chief Minister.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister said that the meeting was called by the MDA to understand the work of the government.
Checking the availability of other injection syringes (0.5 ml/1ml/2 ml/3ml) used for COVID vaccination.Shillong, Sept : The President of India, Ram Nath Kovind has congratulated teachers across the country on the evening before their special day.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: U Ranjen Gohain, Union Minister of State for Railways, in his speech as the chief guest at the Digi Dhan Mela held at the State Central Library Shillong today, said that He said that the people should be taught how to use their mobile phones to become like a bank.
Lajong coach Thangboi Singto said, “Williams has scored three goals in three games but to win you have to play as a team.
The allowance for the elderly over 80 years of age to vote from home was also opposed in the mid-term elections in 2021 and this will be improved in
The meeting was held on that day as part of the protest against the negligence of MePDCL to the residents of the area where they walked away from the residents before handing over the light supply to Shaka Company from Orissa. Feedback Energy Distribution Company Limited (FEDCO) has been appointed to take over the operation of Mawkyrwat Division from this month.
Whether it will happen or not cannot be said because the HNLC has already clarified that it has nothing to do with the illegal collection of money in the name of the party but this is just an exploitation. u bah Small Government.
Digital India has reduced the time for obtaining Sanitary Import Permits (SIPs) from 45 days to 48 hours.
He said that the government should treat this report as a letter sent to the government to confirm the names of these peace talks.
The total value of the smuggled goods seized is T.72 lakh.
Under the leadership of Prime Minister Duh, India has made progress in all sectors and now ranks fifth in the world in terms of income, Verma said, adding that the country will soon become turn into a third-largest economy.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Minister said that sports should be encouraged especially the youth to be healthy to avoid diseases such as headaches.
On this issue, after the meeting, members of MLFOA and Federation of Khasi States met with Bah T Dkhar, MDC, Chief Executive Member, KHADC and requested the KHADC authorities to take action. Look closely at this Act and other Acts such as the Forest Conservation Act 1980 which has completely destroyed the powers of KHADC in the field of forestry.
The determination of the Government of India, together with the cooperation of those involved in these activities, has moved the country towards a future powered by sustainable, affordable and secure electricity.
At present, apart from the Raj Bhavan in Shillong, there is no specially built house for the Governor to accommodate the Governor when he visits parts of the state. the first in the state.
During the meeting, it was said that the BSF troops should not search the vehicles carrying food items in the area, but if they want to search the vehicles they should do so at the border and not to come to the villages. create and request vehicle documents, their role is not to inspect vehicles.
Shillong, Nailar 17: The Miss Meghalaya Organization (MMO) under the banner of the Meghalaya Tourism Youth Development Society (MTYD) will hold the Miss Meghalaya 2023 contest in two categories, Miss Meghalaya and Miss Teen Meghalaya
It is on this basis that the government through various departments such as the State Council, the Agriculture Department and others has encouraged agriculture according to the modern scientific era.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The Border Security Force (BSF) today morning shot down a drone coming from Pakistan to enter India. you're a drone.
Speaking at a public meeting, Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang, President FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle, said that leaders come and go but the foundation of the party remains the same. Samla Nongialam also urged the youth to be like the mot of hope for the future of the future generations.
When the arrested person was arrested while the investigation was ongoing, he was taken to a warehouse where Phensedyl was stored which is banned from being sold to the public in Bangladesh. use this medicine.
One person was injured in the blast.
Reforms for Strengthening Management which include Co-operative Principles, Member Election, Promotion of Member Participation, Transparency, Routine Member Election, HR Policy, adoption of best national and international practices, accounting and auditing.
Shillong, November 30: Speaking at a wreath laying ceremony to commemorate the 154th death anniversary of Kiang Nangbah at Jan Civil Hospital, Shillong, November 30, He urged the Girls Wing to take action to prevent violence against mothers and girls.
These 03 projects include the Durgapur-Banka section which is part of the Paradip-Haldia-Durgapur Pipeline Augmentation Project and two LPG Bottling Plants.
He said that the Bill has strengthened the responsibility of the Dorbar Shnongs and Rangbah Shnongs to hold the Dorbar Kut Snem every year in which they should present the census before the people every year. year.
The third Regional Workshop with five States/UTs of the Eastern Region was held in Srinagar on 17 and 18 October
Shillong, Nailar 03: The management of the Maharaja Ranjit Singh Punjab Technical University today arrived in Shillong to inform the public about the existence of the university in Punjab.
Shillong, Naitung, 22: The 13 Sengbhalang who met today, have decided to meet the Government to seek clarification on the working of the three Committees set up by the Government to implement the to the recommendations of the 13 Sengbhalang on laws prohibiting the entry of foreign authorities even though it has not approved the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP).
Shillong, July 14: The District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District, Nongpoh has issued an order ban ban all houses, shops, schools, factories, car washes and petrol pumps. They should not throw plastic, garbage into the Umran River.
This will pose a serious threat to the states of the North East as all these states border with Assam if these people invade.
He said that as a state which has been in existence for 50 years, it needs a recruitment policy, so that it can provide assistance to those youth who apply for jobs and bring about a recruitment policy. special precedence which does not have a time limit. If there is a vacancy after six months, a written test has to be called followed by the announcement of the results and finally the appointment of those who have been selected.
On 15th May 1989, former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi, in his speech in Parliament when he introduced the 73rd and 74th Amendments to Article These amendments recognize that there are Traditional Institutions of Self Government in Meghalaya – and there are also District Councils in the Sixth Schedule Areas in Meghalaya and therefore these new Arrangements will not apply in these areas.
At the opening ceremony, there was a physical walk by the participants and in his speech the chief guest encouraged the participants to showcase their talents and spirit of sportsmanship.
“The President of India is required to issue a notification on the BEFR 1873 under the authority of Paragraph 19(1) subclause (b) of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India. .
The Minister said the government is aware that the construction of the school is still underway in the next few months but there are schools which have been able to provide online classes and there are also schools which have not. online classes can be held but the examination has to be held.
He said that the KSU strongly condemns and cannot accept the actions of the government because it is clear that anyone who wants to say anything that does not agree with the actions of the government will be punished. While those who speak for the government, the government accepts them, while those who speak against the government, the government creates ways and means to punish and punish them. that's how cute.
Shillong, Nailar 06: The proposal to divide the District Council Constituencies into three District Councils in the state is in the dark and remains in doubt as the election is very close which is only six months away.
Shillong, Lber 08: The Congress party in the opposition in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly today did not take part in the speech of the Governor of Meghalaya Tathagata Roy in the Legislative Assembly. on the opening day of the Budget Session for the year 2019-2
Lalnunpuia has participated in many Judo championships in India and some abroad.
When the nguh ka dem was completed, they went up to the altar of incense where the cleansing ceremony began to consecrate the altar of incense, which was the last part of the day and prepare for the coming of the incense. The rally will be held on the 4th of this month where another lehniam will be held.
The group was led by the MLA of the area, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne.
To encourage continued foreign investment, we are discussing for partnerships with other countries in the belief in 'starting with India', the Minister said.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawkynrew Circle and Mawryngkneng Circle on 29/05/18 in the presence of KSU Eastern Central Area Unit (KSU) He met with the Minister in charge of Roads, Prestone Tynsong and submitted a petition to merge the two constituencies, Mawkynrew and Mawryngkneng constituencies.
and Obil Kyndait (Private Party),
The Social Welfare Department today held a discussion on this issue at the Yojana Bhavan Auditorium, Shillong.
He said that such protests have been held for the 23rd or 24th time now, and if the Vice Chancellor calls for a meeting, they are ready to go if the Vice Chancellor calls for a meeting. The Vice Chancellor gave a speech without comment.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced that the government will announce the election on
It is learned that the two men were drinking kyiad at the scene when a fight broke out between them and Batskhem took a knife to shoot and injure the driver of the truck.
The last issue that the police chief sent to the drivers was also for the safety of the pedestrians on the roads.
Heavy rainfall is expected in some places on 29th October and 1st June and heavy rainfall on 30th and 31st October in South Assam, Meghalaya, Tripura and Mizoram.
These groups also warned that if the Tourism Department does not listen to this demand, the members of these groups will carry placards and if any violence occurs the Government will have to take responsibility.
Shillong, July 21: In his speech as the chief guest, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Shillong, congratulated the people on the occasion of Meghalaya Day.
