The goal of the government itself is to see that our people are protected.
The project at Mawmluh village started during the month of April, 2022 and completed during the month of September, 2023.
The area where the highest number of cases of COVID-19 has been tested today is in the peaceful area with 21 cases, while in Ri Bhoi, four cases have been confirmed. Two were close contacts of those who had the disease.
Village C: Mr. SFin (Headmaster) and Mr. GD Nongsiej (Secretary).
However, when it comes to Narpuh, from Mynkre to Malidor, it is very difficult.
She said the PM Mudra Yojana has sanctioned 43 crore loans worth T 22.5 lakh crore for self-employment.
All North Koreans are required to serve in the military. 10 years for men and 7 years for women.
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adiyanath attended the program from Rudraksh Convention Centre, Varanasi.
Umroi National People’s Party DAMANBAIT LAMARE (WINNER).
She said that the stinginess of the journalists in this regard can cause many problems to such children.
The complaint of the people regarding Borsora has reached the government but they cannot do anything because there is no land.
Two candidates, Pradip Kurbah and Dominic Sangma, were taken at the meeting. At this meeting, the state government proposed to the Central Information Department to nominate Dominic Sangma for the post. Nicholas Lemtor Kharkongor's house.
The people have the right to have schools, health centers where the government will have to appoint doctors or nurses in PHCs and CHCs. these are also areas to which the people have a right to access.
Shillong, April 14: The Bethany Hospital Shillong has been closed and all the staff inside the hospital have been quarantined.
KHADC will write to the PWD to provide an estimate as this area falls under three PWD Divisions, Nongstoin about 10 km, Mawkyrwat about 33 km and Ranikor about 25 km.
He said that the Mahotsav is also a celebration of the development of the country in many aspects in the past 75 years since it gained independence from the British rule.
“The government is working diligently to update the laws to reflect current realities and sound business practices.
Prestone's appointment as State President of the party comes after Dr. WR Kharlukhi MP Rajya Sabha resigned from the post after more than 10 years. accept this resignation and appoint Prestone as President.
He said the purpose of bringing in these cows is to strengthen the cow breeding industry and not to rely on other states to supply cows to the state.
The Union Home Minister and Cooperation Minister said that efforts should be made during the Amrit Mahotsav year of Independence to understand the vision of Prime Minister Narendra Modi for the North East. peaceful and harmonious.
In the names of all religions, special preparations have been made to decorate the churches by lighting them in various ways.
Shillong, Nailar 18: The National Accreditation Board for Hospitals and Healthcare Providers (NABH) has inspected and evaluated the Supercare Hospital, Shillong, and found that it complies with the NABH standards of excellence in nursing.
Shortly after, the Seng received information that these foreigners have come back to work and on 14th June, 2019 it inspected again and found that they have not completed the license properly.
This happened after the KHADC received many complaints from the public who alleged that banks and financial institutions have refused to accept loan applications just because they refused to recognize the land titles. The Council shall not approve the Act, nor shall it be approved by the Lat of the State.
Anandiben Patel, Ex-Chief Minister of Gujarat, Nitin Bhai Patel, Dy Chief Minister of Gujarat and Shankarbhai Chaudhary, Minister of State, Gujarat Health and Family Welfare and Medical Education, Environment and Urban Development were also present at the launch function along with other dignitaries.
They are the leaders of NEN, one of the women's organizations that works against violence against women.
The Budnar Shadow Squad (BSS), which acts as the Special Forces of the HNLC, carried out the attack.
There are 297 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, 4 in East Jaintia Hills, 180 in East Khasi Hills, 4 in North Garo Hills, 58 in Ri Bhoi, 1 in South West. Garo Hills 9, South West Khasi Hills 1, West Garo Hills 22, West Jaintia Hills 10, West Khasi Hills 5, total cases
Jowai, Naitung 03: The KSU Namdong Unit today under the leadership of Samla Chanbor War, General Secretary Samla Juhhi Tariang and members of the KSU Namdong Unit, today held a meeting with the KSU Namdong Unit. They visited the Veterinary Dispensary at Namdong village to inspect the operation of the Government office.
Mr. Nimman said.
Shillong, Naitung 19: Leaders of the Congress party from Mawthyngkut under the leadership of Saraly Rashir, former EM of KHADC, together with Deputy Chief Minister Rowell Lyngdoh today met with the Prime Minister. Dr Mukul Sangma has demanded the opening of the Mawthungkut Civil Sub Division as mentioned in the Legislative Assembly.
Congress Spokesperson for Garo Hills Salseng C Marak, in reply to questions from SP News Agency, said, “Only DD Lapang and Demora C. Marak” at the same time, the Congress leader did not deny the question.
During the search of the truck, 47 bags containing 4,70,000 grams of methamphetamine were recovered.
A team of specialists oversees service offerings, communicates with those involved, and verifies documents through online means.
When the government has provided adequate accommodation to these SMB employees, they have no right to object, because as it is now, it affects the health of the people. too much and especially that it is a market place and not a residential area.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Minister said that the state has increased in the production of beverages during the 11th Five Year Plan by 37.68% compared to the previous Five Year Plan. year which is only 36.86%.
The Laban Puja Committee has approved the suggestion of the Seng not to build more Pandals on the roads and has also promised to increase the number of volunteers so that the roads will not be crowded. ka synkein and to ensure that the religious services go smoothly without disturbing anyone.
At present, the North East of India has become a hub of trafficking in insurgent weapons and the Moist have also come to buy these weapons from the North East. of India.
The KSU believes that these students who received these assistance will not drop out of their studies but hopes that they will succeed so that tomorrow they will become the bright stars of the Jaidbynriew.
He said that his resignation as MLA from the 35-Ranikor ST Assembly Constituency is in accordance with the wishes of the people of the constituency.
Shillong, Lber 03: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the names of the MLAs who will support the government will be submitted to the Governor after they have signed their names.
In the southwest Khasi Hills district, the victims were from Mawkyrwat, Ranikor, Nonghyllam, Phudkroh, Lailad Junction and Bagli.
“The party has decided to go to the meeting and the government should agree to review the Reservation Policy otherwise I will not leave this place, I will continue the strike,” said Bah Ardent.
Four candidates, Pynshai Kupar Dkhar, Pynshai Borlang Rani, Sainkupar Syngkli, Melajied Khongbuh and Makenson Marbaniang have filed their nominations for the post of Information and Publicity Secretary. Four candidates have filed their nominations for the post of Sports and Cultural Secretary, Badonbok Malngiang, Cleenstar Shabong and Eric A Nongkynri. , and Hopefulborn L Mawnai.
The school which should pass through this road is used to conduct MBOSE examinations, besides the village court also has this place. Chokpot Civil Sub Division.
The MCTA said, “We understand the challenges that this decision will create, but, as in the past, you have dedicated yourself to the work of the Association. , it is essential that we unite to ensure that our teachers receive dignity and also to protect the welfare of various groups, especially the students.
Matsiewdor War Nongbri has been removed as the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills and Iswanda Laloo has been appointed as the new DC.
The party sends its condolences to the wife and children of James K Sangma in a statement.
It is for this reason that the Rangbah Shnong has not hesitated to convey his grievance to the Government through the newspapers and media.
Speaking to reporters in the presence of the Hima Chiefs, he said that the Hima has convened this Dorbar Hima this time to discuss the affairs of the Hima and to bring peace between the Hima and the children of thousands.
Shillong, July 23: The house of Kong Friday Dkhar, wife of Bah Bhalang Siangshai of Jalyiah village, has been destroyed by a terrible fire on the 22nd of this month at 10:00 pm. 3 pm.
Shillong, Nailur 27: Answering a question by Bah Himilaya Shangpliang on the number of weighbridges in the state, the Minister in charge of Agriculture, Bah Samlin Malngiang, said that there are 10 weighbridges in the state.
Therefore, the union invites all SSA teachers within the border of East Khasi Hills District who have just registered for the online D.El.
The Director of Health Services (DHS) said that all the deceased have already been admitted to their homes and will be taken to hospitals.
The three organizations that received the donation are the Shillong Central Rongali Bihu Celebration Committee Lumshatsngi-Kench's Trace Shillong, the Shillong Bengalee Students' Association-HQ-Laban, Shillong and the Meghdoot Socio and Cultural Club Lumparing. In Shillong, these organizations have received T.50,000/-.
Shillong, Nailur 09: The Union Minister of State for Home Affairs, Dr Jitendra Singh today inaugurated the two-day North East Calling Festival in the city. Delhi, On the same day, the Union Minister also launched the North East Venture Fund.
The statue was inaugurated by Bah Prestone Tynsong together with Dr. DD Lapang in the presence of the relatives.
: The Erpakon Dorbar Shnong has immediately refused to take part in the Peace Meeting convened by the Deputy Commissioner of Ribhoi District on Tuesday.
New Delhi, Jymmang 03: The Union Minister of State for Home Affairs, Dr Jitendra Singh, today said that an information center for the culture and traditions of the people of India will soon be built. The east is located in Delhi.
During her visit to Garo Hills, the Minister of Home Affairs has met with the children of a mother who was shot dead by the insurgents in recent days.
With this allocation, the government will strive to upgrade PHCs to CHCs and Dispensaries according to the needs of the District Committee. to look closely.
The Unitarian Church in Jowai is also the first church in the Khasi Jaintia Hills Karbi Anglong which was founded on 18th September.
In Ri Bhoi, there are 19 cases, 2 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 9 cases in West Garo Hills, 2 cases in South Garo Hills, 1 case in East Garo Hills and 1 case in North Garo Hills.
The letter was signed by the Chairman of the party, Bah Marshall Biam and Bah Erwin K. Syiem Sutnga.
The Chief Minister said that the government has been in talks with the Manipur authorities to ensure that the students from Manipur will receive adequate protection and safety.
The meeting of the CEC will be held at 11.00 pm. This will also be the annual meeting of the party. This is according to a statement sent by the President of HANM, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani.
To open up opportunities for the youth, it is necessary to train them to be ready to do jobs according to the needs, to train them to become entrepreneurs. Industries should come forward to train the youth and make them job creators.
Other discussions were on the electricity supply in the state and other departments such as the agriculture department, road construction department and water supply department.
At the same time, the Minister requested all, from MPs, MLAs, MDCs, civil society organizations, all religious groups and the villagers to educate the public to observe Social Distancing. who are willing to help others at such a time.
Police have launched an investigation into the incident and are now looking for the perpetrators to punish them according to the law. They have lodged a complaint with the police regarding the burning of the religious building.
Other sources said that Stanliwiss Rymbai, who lost the Congress ticket from Umroi as Sitting MLA, is understood to contest the election from other political parties.
He said that 462 such schools will be built across the country in the next five years and this will soon be approved by the Union Cabinet.
We will also look at the matches from Jaintia and Garo Hills which we have not yet decided,” he said.
Until now, only the ridge of Mawpator can be seen from the Mawryngkhang View Point.
The Secretary also spoke on the role of the media in providing information about the campaign and taking it to all parts of the country.
The BSF have checked his movements many times and after confirmation they will arrest him.
Besides the Scotty (ML05Q 8300), police also seized a mobile phone, a blue and red plastic bag and money. T.3,31,590.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: U Dusterwell K. Lyngdoh, Organizing Secretary of the KSU South West Khasi Hills District, on Saturday night, said that a robber named Peter Snaitang of Photjaud Rangthong village has been arrested on Saturday night. Two young leaders of the KSU Photjaud Rangthong Unit, Donaldstone Thongni, Vice President and Everwell Robin Thongni, former President and Disciplinary Secretary, have been arrested.
The Government of India has identified the need for about 15,000 km of gas pipelines and various sections to complete the Gas Grid.
There are 79 recoveries today, 56 from East Khasi Hills and 12 from East Khasi Hills. The total number of recoveries so far is people until now.
Shillong, Lber 06: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawlai Circle has extended its best wishes to the students of Mawlai Village who will soon sit for various examinations. By the grace of God, the Creator will be able to reap the fruit of victory.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: U Bah Peter Challam, resident of Laitkor and former Muktiar of the Shillong Bar Association (SBA), today announced that he will contest the Lok Sabha election 2024 from the Shillong Seat. as an Independent candidate.
He urged the people to be vigilant to protect their land and not to allow the Assam Government authorities to come without permission from the Shnong, Raid or Hima authorities.
On this occasion, MEPA presented a gift and a letter in honor of these two journalists.
Bah Suly Lyngdoh, Chairman of the Union of Rangbah, said that the meeting was fruitful and hopeful as the Minister of Health promised to set the goal at the forefront. Our demand to upgrade the sub center to a PHC in Sawsymper area which has 16 villages and the neighboring villages have also worked together and supported our demand.
He said that the monument was erected 10 years ago when the party celebrated its 25th anniversary in order to commemorate especially those members who have sacrificed their lives for the cause of the nation. He said that the youth should come forward and dedicate themselves to fight for the nation.
As a priest he served as Assistant Parish Priest in Sonapahar from 1977-1978, in Oriental Theological College-Bursar from 1979-1981, in Mawbri as Parish Priest from 1981-1 Parish Priest from 1984-1986, Mawsynram as Parish Priest from 1986-1
As soon as the new Government comes to power in Delhi, we will talk to the Union Home Ministry.
Regarding new areas of security, Prime Minister Duh spoke about maritime, space and cyber security.
Shillong, Lber 13: The Meghalaya Editors and Publishers' Association (MEPA) held its annual meeting at Shillong Club on March ), 2022.
Mawsynram MLA Himalaya Shangpliang, while speaking to SP News Agency, said that as soon as he won as MLA, he followed up on this bridge and now the bearings have arrived and the employees of the company have arrived. to implement this work they also came together to implement this work.
The Shillong Press Club sends its condolences to the family members of the deceased and prays for the soul of the deceased to have eternal peace.
To oversee the development of Data Security protocols, to oversee existing Data Security activities and protocols of the NTA and to advise on how to improve these, to oversee existing Security Protocols in relating to the setting of questions and other activities for various examinations and to recommend how to strengthen the work, to oversee the status and working methods of the National Testing Agency, to provide recommendations on the nature and procedures of the National Testing Agency (NTA) to implement the recommendations in subsections (i) and (ii) and to clarify the duties and responsibilities of employees at all levels and to review the existing NTA complaints system, identify areas for improvement and provide suggestions on how to improve the work.
Shillong, March 10: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (HYC) under the leadership of Bah Pynshaing Syiem CEM, has decided to suspend the ban on Private sector to issue and collect taxes from non-tribals on labor license and also on the decision to revoke 134 trading licenses and also to seek clarification before revoking 108 non tribals Get a trading licence.
Damonmi SDkhar, General Secretary of the Seng, said, “The allegation by the police that Bah Lamphrang has left for Bangladesh is baseless. On the 1st of this month, Bah Lamphrang was attending the Hotel Assembly of the Central Executive Committee of the Seng and he stayed with them until late at night.
“For the sake of the Jaidbynriew, AJYWO also urges the district authorities to be vigilant in the registration of Aadhaar Card.
On the other hand, the KSU laid a wreath in front of the statue of Syiem Tirot Sing Syiem at Mawdan Iewrynhep in Laitumkhrah. members of the organization.
This is the first time that Dr Mukul Sangma will meet MPCC President Vicent H Pala since he assumed office as President. the MPCC in the state.
However, we still advise the government because if we go to the court, it will cause many problems.
The incident happened at War War village in Rum Sohra.
This is to honor him who is also from Malki Village and also to honor the Malki Village as a whole.
In fact, the use of tear gas should be limited to dispersing the public and not to attacking private shops.
The union will meet the Minister of Health and Family Welfare to clarify the news that the government has extended the operation of GVK in the state even after the expiry of the contract. .
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya said that they met on Saturday morning in Guwahati and talked to each other for about 40 minutes. to meet again in Shillong on the 23rd of this month.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today received a phone call from Anthony Albanese, Prime Minister of Australia.
This documentary film market stands committed to amplifying the voices of filmmakers and bringing forward stories in the international cinema industry.
Shillong, July 30: U Bah Hamlet Dohling, Minister in charge of Urban Affairs, Meghalaya today attended a public meeting organized by the NESO at Motphran to express his opposition to the In his speech, Hamlet Dohling said that his visit to this public meeting was to put his seat behind him and Hamlet said that the bill introduced by the BJP has been supported by the BJP. Hamlet said that it is only the MDA government of the state government. Meghalaya under the leadership of Cornad K Sangma, which has taken a decision within the Cabinet to oppose the Bill, has also met the Union Home Minister and said that the Meghalaya government has against the CAB
The children of the Hima or Raid shall be entitled to take part with the Hima during the Dorbar of the Hima, not to prevent them from taking part, and we shall give the children of the Hima to others. pat that hands.
On the other hand, the party condemns those involved and encourages the people.
In his opening remarks, the Chief Justice of the High Court of Meghalaya said, “I am pleased that the Meghalaya State Judicial Academy has conducted this consultation on the issue of District Councils. in Meghalaya, which is something new for me, I will try my best to understand how the District Council courts work in this state. open the way".
After the mover of the adjournment motion refused to withdraw, the Speaker of the House AT Mondal decided to hold a voice vote to get a decision.
The song was produced keeping in mind the differences in the regions, rights, society and economy in the country and also shows the power of the voters.
Shillong, March 28: The Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union (MEMRIWU) today announced that they will continue their strike until tomorrow morning. GVK, which operates 108 Ambulances in Meghalaya, should be suspended.
The program was held at the State Convention Centre, Shillong from 9th to 10th June,
Shillong, Jymmang 19: Dr Mithu Baidya, Project Scientist, IIT Kanpur, Shillong, speaking at a meeting of researchers on herbal medicine at MEBAAI Tribal Health and Wellness Centre. in Shillong, he said that the Khasi lived in these places 10,000 years ago and are the oldest.
LP School with Ben Shong and Miej as part of the urgent needs of the school.
: A few days after the Chief Executive Member (KHADC) Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem visited foreign shops in Majai area, 44 foreign traders were arrested. They have tied the door of the Meghalaya High Court for not receiving the No Objection Certificate (NoC) on Tuesday. Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem together with Executive Member Bah Joseph F. Lakadong visited Majai and Ichamati villages to raid the foreign shops without proper documents. the two villages.
The award ceremony was initiated by the members of FAMASTA, who took a decision at the meeting in June this year and this is to encourage the students to do good in the kip or that is still coming.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Stodingstar Thabha said that Samlin's remarks are unfair to the religious leaders as their job is to correct the church. and the religious leaders had nothing to do with the world.
Referring to the proposal of the MLAs to join the BJP, Shibun said there have been many who have come to propose but it is up to them whether they resign or not.
Shillong, Nailur 28: The Martin Luther Christian University (MLCU) on the occasion of World Tourism Day held a meeting with the students of Shillong on the topic of tourism. it's the way to get jam.
The Memorandum of Agreement was signed between the PFC and CAU to implement the project at the College of PG Studies, Barapani, Meghalaya in the presence of Rajeev Sharma, CMD, PFC, Prof. Premjit Singh, Vice-Premier. Chancellor, CAU and D Ravi, Director (Comm.
The TMC, which is the party to protect the minorities, strongly condemns the BJP's move to census the number of churches in Assam and this will affect the Christians in the state.
HPC Secretary Gurjit Singh said that they have received the Blueprint of the Government and there are some important issues which will have to be discussed with the residents of Iewmawlong.
Ms Kmoin hopes that it will encourage the heritage to come and thanked the Government for its support.
“All these steps have affected the price of materials.
Through the signing of MoUs among those involved in the industry, the summit advanced India’s vision of becoming a Hub for maritime logistics-related activities.
John F Kharshiing, General Secretary, MPCC, urged the people to reject these parties if they are still sitting together in the Cabinet and Assembly.
All the speakers on this occasion gave a part on how to fight against drugs and crime which really affects the society. District and Sessions Judge, Shillong.
At 8 pm the students came to the hotel and Rahul Gandhi had the opportunity to talk to them.
At this meeting, they urged the government to increase the revenue belonging to the state government.
Also present at the announcement were Samlin Malangniang, Lahkmen Rymbui and Saleng A Sangma.
The union urges the MLA of this area Bah Mayralborn Syiem and MDC Bah Balajied Ranee to take action to talk to the PWD to clean up this road so that it can flow. There are many dozens of villages in the area.
According to a report in one of the foreign newspapers published in Meghalaya, today the Day After Demolition Survey Resident Cry for Help Lum Survey is available for assistance.
Speaking to reporters at Congress Bhavan, he said the missing machines were one in Stage-1 and one in Stage-IV of the Umiam Hydel Power Project.
In his speech, Bah Paul Lyngdoh recalled that as a Khasi people, we were introduced to India by signing the IOA and AA and it was the Syiem of Nongstoin who signed the last agreement in The Central Government does not respect the social agreements signed, without renegotiating these agreements.
That there shall be no employment or employment by non-indigenous persons and that all types of jobs shall be given only to indigenous people.
According to sources, the injured was identified as Bah Ket. The fire broke out at 8.00 pm and fire brigade vehicles arrived at the scene. at 9.00 am.
Under the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act 2016, there is a District Task Force with the DC of the District as Chairman and the Superintendent of Police of the District. He said that all 11 districts in the state have this TFC and these same districts from time to time do not have to wait for Entry and Exit Points.
The party supports any protest against the amendment bill, and political parties and all parties across the state should not be afraid to watch while others protest for the amendment bill. benefit of all together.
There have been 179 recoveries today, bringing the total number of recoveries in the state to
They were arrested after police investigation found that they had proper documents.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA and MDC of Mawkynrew Constituency and Minister of State for Sports and Youth Affairs, Meghalaya, said: He also thanked World Vision for taking this step to guide the youth to shape their future.
The JSU expresses its gratitude to the JHADC under the leadership of Mr. T.Shwat as CEM for the establishment of this Department which is very important within the Council for the purpose of maintaining and maintaining the At the same time, a budget of Rs 88.85 lakh has been allocated for the customs and traditions of the country and the nation as a whole, along with one officer and seven employees.
Furthermore, one person, as appointed by Bah J.Rymmai, cannot hold two posts, namely the Director of Investigation and the Director of Prosecution.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: Speaking to reporters on the National Press Day, the Minister of Home Affairs, Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that journalists should not be biased when writing news. is.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: Wansukl Myrthong has made her name in the history of the Khasi people by becoming the first Khasi woman to climb the top of Lum Mangkashang. today.
In other districts, 1 case is from Ri Bhoi, 5 cases from West Garo Hills, 1 case from West Khasi Hills, 1 case from South West Garo Hills and 4 cases from East Jaintia Hills.
Kerala is a state where all three branches of the Catholic Church are present along with other religions.
There have been great events and we are sad to see the end.
Other speakers at the meeting were Dr. Eureka Lyngdoh, Dy Chairman, MSPB and Bah M Tongper, MCS, BDO, Mawshynrut C&RD Block.
Many BSF personnel have lost their lives in this fighting.
He said that for 50 years this policy has served only one ethnic group and it needs to be amended to be the same and the party stands on the ground that the government should change the reservation. On the demand of ACHIK to discuss the introduction of a Winter Capital in Garo Hills, Robertjune said the HYC also wants to discuss the introduction of two budgets in the state. the Garo Hills Budget and the Khasi Hills Budget.
The meeting decided to ask the government to appoint a special commission to collect complaints and expedite the investigation to punish the perpetrators.
The Minister said that the Farm Bills are indeed a bill to help the farmers and under this bill the farmers who have taken over their farmland have also been mentioned. It has not been in the right manner but now it has been introduced in this bill to arrange for the farmers to get the benefits.
The Prime Minister has informed all those who are under quarantine.
Regarding the RTI reply received from the State Tourism Department on the holding of the Cherry Blossom Festival, Bah Disparsing Rani said that the department has replied that it has no interest in holding the Cherry Blossom Festival. The Government has donated T.1.99 crore to the organizers of the Cherry Blossom Festival which was held recently at Kurkalang Square in Ribhoi District.
On the second day of the festival, the crowd flocked to Madan Kuraklang in Bhoirymbong to listen to the famous singers who came to perform.
It will be a huge loss to the state and if the UC cannot provide this money in April, the three District Councils in 2016-2017 will no longer receive this money from the central government.
Financial support to illegal groups is not only a violation of the rules of law but also a violation of the law in the fight against terrorism and their illegal activities.
Regarding the allocation made by the Central Government to the State, for the fiscal year 2019-2020 it is T.25.44 crore while for the fiscal year 2020-2021 the Central Government has sent T.25.44 crore. 21.33 crore, this was the reply of Prestone Tynsong Symbut, Chief Minister, to a question by Process T Sawkmie.
The union also strongly condemns the CEM of JHADC, Ma Thombor Shiwat for his stingy accounting and leaving the employees of the Council without payment of salaries for many months.
According to the Secretary of the UDP Primary Unit Mawpran, the members of the unit are concerned about the suffering and problems of the residents at such times.
In the North East, Meghalaya has the highest increase in GST revenue with 40%, Manipur with 18%, Arunachal Pradesh with 16%. Sikkim 11%, Assam 3%, Mizoram 23%, Nagaland 12% and Tripura 9%.
According to sources, the Assam police allegedly attacked the village while they found people inside the village.
Markson Shooting – Partner bad Cultural Secy.
The meeting was held at the HCM Hall where Justice Sanjib Banerjee, Chief Justice, opened the meeting. meeting as a guest.
At the time of writing, no one has been found.
At the time of writing, no information has been received on the number of injured but they have been taken to hospital.
In his speech, Myntri Rangbah Duh said, “In this country, while the duty of the judiciary is to protect the Constitution, the legislature is the symbol of the aspirations of the people. .
The Minister said that once they reach the villages they will have to stay at home for 14 years and this will also apply to all the family members so that they will not have anything to do with their neighbours.
During the meeting, the FKJGP and the MDC of the area demanded that the DC should implement the Lad-Lakadong Dacoity Camp so that during the curfew, against COVID-19 as announced by the Prime Minister of India and the Chief Minister of the State, Conrad K Sangma.
No pass is required, everyone is invited.
For this purpose, all youths under 16 years of age who wish to learn about the judo tournament which will start on the 20th February 2014 at NSCA Indoor Stadium Nongpoh are invited to register. during the period of employment at the office of the District Sports Officer Nongpoh on or before 5th February
There are also schools with less than 10 students.
Shillong, Iaiong 17: A youngster from Tamil Nadu, D. Vishawa, who came to take part in the 83rd Senior National and Inter-State Table Tennis Championships, has been killed in a tragic incident. " died in a road accident at Shangbalang in Ri Bhoi District.
The Seng urges us to pray that God will protect us and burn with fire this disease so that it will disappear from this world so that we can live. I'm going to be happy again as I was in the days that have passed.
The President of Lynti jam Football Centre, Bah Sumarlang Swer said that the tournament will be opened in two categories, one for school children and the other for club players.
He said he would also invite prominent figures to speak on the demand for an Education Policy – ​​KHADC in primary schools which is part of the rights of KHADC under para 6 of the Sixth Schedule.
The Working President of KHNAM and the Vice President of HSPDP said that these parties want to implement the ILP in the state and only the ILP can prevent the entry of tuid that bar state.
Langdoh, wife of Bah Dhar, has condemned the actions of the police who arrested her husband by arresting him just because he is a former member of the HNLC. her husband has been imprisoned for 14 years in Bangladesh and after his release in 2017 he has cleansed his relationship with the party and has been in the village and has worked hard. Besides being old and his children have grown up and he has grandchildren.
Shillong, Nailur 28: Police of East Jaintia Hills District have seized a petrol truck from Imphal to Guwahati in a raid at Ladrymbai. Seized 1,02,000 YABA bullets weighing 11 kilos.
He said that any bands who wish to take part in this competition have to send themselves for examination at the ICTCs in each district, or to take the test at the venue. that they may come and take part.
Belovedson Dome is one of the strongest members of the KSU since he joined it in 2014 as a member and he is also one of the first members of the KSU DHDU. In a letter of condolences to the family members, Lambok Starwell Marnger and General Secretary of the KSU have shown their skills, courage and determination to serve the Jaidbynriew. Donal V Thabah said, “We all the members of the KSU express our deep sorrow over the passing away of this young man whom we used to work with from time to time”.
This is a discussion with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare to be submitted to the Chief Minister and other government ministers and the government should clarify within this month.
The Silesian Association has expressed its deep sorrow over the passing away of Father Cilia.
The party has already sent a letter to the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma to look into the matter and the government has appointed Ponam Pandey as the new DC. but you have not yet come to take up this work.
In Arunachal Pradesh, he said that the 1st November of each year has been declared a special day in the state to preserve the traditional religion.
The Fit India movement, launched by the Prime Minister on the occasion of National Sports Day 2019, Narendra Modi, has brought about a change in the acceptance of physical activity through various programs such as the Fit India Freedom Run, the Fit India Mobile App, Fit India Quiz, and more.
Due to the importance of oil in the export sector for our economy, many related activities have been initiated by the Ministry to increase the production and all the shortcomings in oil production have been eliminated. domestically in order to ensure safe, sustainable and secure electricity supply.
Elvis Kyrsian, Vice President of Bhoi District, said that in a meeting with the BDO of the Block, Raja Brama, the reason given for the relocation of the Block is the lack of water. , if other offices have water why the block does not have water.
When asked how much revenue the government will collect, the Chief Minister said that he cannot say how much, but what the government has set at present is the revenue of T.675/- shitom. , a Cess of T.300/- for DMF 3% of the Tax Value and NMF 2% of the Tax Value.
Shillong, July 20: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (CEC) today alleged that there has been corruption within the Directorate of Housing of the State Government regarding the distribution of houses. to the people of the State.
“The seeds should be distributed at the right time according to the planting season and more fertilizers, pesticides, etc. should be distributed and fertilizer should be distributed to every Block and Circle,” she said. FKJGP in a letter signed by Bristar Mawthoh, Secretary, Bill Clinton Wankhar, President and Morningstar Pyngrope.
The 75 soldiers who came forward to donate blood include the soldiers as well as the officers.
In a statement, the Rangbah Kurs of the South West Khasi Hills Branch Union urged all the Khasi Kurs to take responsibility for attending the Dorbar Bah to be held at Nativity Hall, Mawkyrwat at 1 pm. 10:00 am on June 24,
Regarding the candidates, he said there are two candidates and the talks are ongoing but they said they are in trouble.
This means that even those names which have not appeared in the final NRC will have the opportunity to appear before the Tribunal.
Director, C&RD, I.R.Sangma and Deputy Commissioner Pravin Bakshi were among others who also spoke on the occasion.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The Director of Sikkim Manipal University (SMU) Shillong, Gagan Jain, on Tuesday said that the university has been merged with SMU Gantok. India has given it recognition.
The counting of votes will be held on the 16th at Amlarem Civil Sub Division.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Deputy Speaker, who is also the MLA of Resubelpara, said that the railway service is no longer limited to Guwahati, but has been extended to Dimapur and will be opened soon. also joined Coach Bihar.
There are eight states that have not been elected yet.
In today's unemployment era, educated youth have to work as much as they can even if they earn a low salary because of the responsibility of their own family and to provide for themselves. needs in their homes.
The petitioner said that according to the border of the state, it is on the GS Road but the Assam government on the 28th has set up boundary stones in the territory of Meghalaya and destroyed some houses. The CoRP has urged the state government to remove these border crossings within 15 days and to protect the residents of Khanapara. The Assam government has been attacking and harassing the border villages from time to time to get the land of Meghalaya.
To enable farmers to complete the eKYC in PM KISAN, the Department of Agriculture and Farmers Welfare has launched a mobile application which also contains face verification which farmers can use to complete the eKYC. eKYC and also assisted 100 other respondents to complete e-KYC from home.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri Bhoi Sepngi has inspected the residence of Bah Michael Warjri Secretary Nongspung Hima. ki trai Ri trai country.
It is important to revive these traditional teachings to rebuild the society and the nation.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The National People's Party (NPP) today held a meeting with the National President of the National People's Party (NPP) Cornad K Sangma as its leader. NPP Meghalaya State Unit President Dr W Kharlukhi, Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong and Minister in charge of Works Sniawbhalang Dkhar.
The purpose of all this is to bring together the community and it is also one of the ways to free the youth from illegal activities under the leadership of Bah Gosper R Nongrum. as the chief executive officer of the organization.
He said that the supporters come from poor and small families and not from the rich.
The funeral service was attended by the sister of Ampareen Lyngdoh, Bah Herbert G Lyngdoh, brother, husband, family members and friends. old man.
The seized bike was handed over to the police for further investigation.
“In the complaint lodged with the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, it was stated that these articles are words of incitement and violence. they have accepted this writing.
The four recipients of the President's Medal are Ayush Mani Tiwari, IG, Aseem Vyas, DIG, Shri Ashwani Kumar Sharma, DIG, Pushpendra Singh Rathore, DIG. and Inspector Basti Ram Nehra, besides these, 46 others received Police Medals.
In this regard, the MSPB has said that it will recommend to the State Government to take more action on this issue to open up the opportunity for the public to buy live fish, or to become live fish. and he went into the fishpond.
The GNLA has been able to set up its camp in this area because this area is still in the forest where the roads are not adequate and this backwardness of this area has also led to the Garo Hills to turn Durama into a camp because even the police find it difficult to enter these forests.
In her journey to find the truth, she finds things that shock her.
The prizes and cash prizes have been increased in various categories, he said.
Shillong, Iaiong 03: According to a statement issued by the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), on Tuesday, 2nd June 2023, Khasi residents of Khedagor village, Manipur, were attacked.
Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, the Prime Minister said that he had not discussed the issue within the Cabinet as he had called the meeting and hoped that there would be no light outage.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills, Bah Lakador Syiem, said that the traffic jam on the road has been severe. This is due to the confusion of the drivers without listening to the police.
Those who come from Jowai, East & West Jaintia Hills, can apply at CHC Ummulong.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The Deputy Chief Minister of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today said that the government has taken a step to protect the country. The government through the Deputy Commissioners and District Health Medical Officers to train the elderly over 60 years of age to prevent the spread of COVID-1 The Community COVID-19 Committee has approved the government's directive and it should arrive tomorrow.
The IMFA World Champion Muaythai will compete in the men's and women's senior categories from 4th to 13th June 2023 in Bangkok, Thailand.
During the inspection, the union also found that not only is there a shortage of staff but what is more sad is that even the transformer inside the compound cannot carry even the staff. The Seng also found that this PHC has only 5 beds and only one cylinder of oxygen especially at this time of increase of Khlam in the area. region.
At a meeting held at Sohra today, one of the elders informed the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Dr Donkupar Roy that the police station should be set up as a special place because this place has its own heritage story.
Due to the condition of the area, the militants managed to flee the area and the police did not recover anything from the GNLA camp. At present, up to 14 GNLA hideouts have been destroyed by the police.
Shillong, Nailar 9: U Bah HS Shylla, a great man of the nation, was buried today.
This tree grows all four seasons and is up to 40 meters tall.
“KHNAM strongly condemns this border Government and the authoritarian Government,” said KHNAM. “In the next three days we expect to ask the Prime Minister on the Inner Line Permit (ILP) and until “How long will it take for the Central Government to approve the ILP as demanded by 60 MLAs in 2019? If no one speaks, it will confirm the doubts of the leaders on the ILP,” he said. he announced.
In his welcoming remarks, CEM Bah Teinwell Dkhar said that although he is a child, when he sits on the throne, he should not be biased when conducting the dorbar as an intelligent person. you have done as you have seen.
Sardarni Milan Kaur spoke on the Sikh religion. In his speech, he said that according to the nature of all religions, there is only one beli and that is to be righteous.
This Award will also be given specially to all the students with disabilities (badkoh/bamatlah/bakyllud) and also those who have dropped out of school due to poverty (BPL Students).
The Congress party spokesperson alleged that the present government has made rules in such a way that others cannot submit tenders and only one company can submit and ensure that the should get this contract job.
“Tomorrow, the Government will take responsibility for their work if they find that they are not involved,” he said.
The arrest of Kong Agness Kharshiing is just a ploy by the government to disrupt the ILP protest of the 10 Sengs which is ongoing to force the government to implement the ILP in our small state. “CSWO is one of the most intelligent leaders of the JYF who uses RTI to find out about the corruption in the government through various departments,” said Bah PL Majaw President of JYF. The Assam government has destroyed the illegal houses built by the Assam government in the border areas like Block I, Block II, Khanduli, Psiar, Moolber etc. In other words, the Government should take care of the children of the citizens who do not have houses or land to farm. The Government should take responsibility for all these issues especially for the poor who do not have land. said Mr. Majaw.
According to the BSF, the value of the drugs has reached T.37,55,191 lakh.
The village lodged a complaint with the DC's office on 2nd November 2020 and on 15th July 2021 it informed the media and on 19th July the Rangbah Shnong met with the Deputy Commissioner. and apparently in press releases he denied her accusation.
The death toll is
On Sangma's appearance, Agens said it is unthinkable that the police cannot find their own person wherever he is. Sangma said the body of Fullmon Dhar, who escaped from jail and was shot dead by the police, has been examined. Sangma admitted that he did it himself and it was 3 pm and the second inspection was done by Dr H Diengdoh.
The control of these passing vehicles should be strong because it is the traffic that spreads such diseases; Shops and Hotels should be directed to be vigilant against contact with any persons coming from other States during the outbreak of Coronavirus.
M.C.No.108 of 2023 has been dismissed and the accused has the right to apply for bail from the Special Court.
The total number of patients treated today is
The Deputy Chief Minister, who is also in charge of the Livestock Department, said that the government has banned the import of pigs from other states and the sale and purchase of pigs from one district to another. four districts within the state.
On the other hand, the participants also witnessed cultural programs from the participants from the state followed by a detailed explanation by Kong Elizabeth Kharjana, Project Officer MNREDA. Students from four high schools including Brookside Adventist Higher Secondary School, St.George Higher Secondary School, Laban Assamese Girls Higher Secondary School, and Bhanu Bhakta Nepali Pro Secondary School, who took part in the drawing competition on the theme “Renewable Energy for a Better Tomorrow.
In its petition, the union also expressed its surprise over the NORCET-5 examination conducted for Nursing Officers in the past few months, where there are 194 posts for Nursing Officers. nurses and out of these 175 posts have gone to men from other states and only 17 to women.
Speeches were also delivered by Rukini Biam, Counselor, J. Biam, Chairman, Lenin Passah, Organizer, Ribeth Patlong, VHAM and others.
This is a warning to all vehicle owners and drivers.
The election of the General Body of the National Rifle Association of India (NRI) was held on September 18, 2021 at 11AM at IS Bindra.
A Coordination Cell has been set up in the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Union Government to oversee and distribute aid such as goods and money received from abroad to fight against COVID-1 effective June 26, 2021.
It is one of the biggest tasks in bringing social and intellectual and cultural unity.
He said that Ialam Makri Gas Agency charges T.4500 for one cylinder and T.6500 for two cylinders and all those who have registered with the company will receive a refund. money as they paid at the time of Applying for Gas.
To entertain the spectators, there were also dances to attract the spectators to the competition.
Two bridges in Morop Bazar and Makalgonchu in West Garo Hills District have been flooded due to heavy rains.
Speaking to reporters on the work of the government, Bah Lambor said that in the work of the government there are always ups and downs, it cannot be said that the government is doing well. 100% or the government has not done 0%, but the government has done more in the fight against COVID-1
This was announced by the Secretary of Umkiang Village.
The tournament started on the 1st of this month with both men and women participating.
Robertjune also alleged that the government has tried to misuse the roster and has also tried to introduce a separate recruitment for one ethnic group which has caused other ethnic groups to lose hope.
Shillong, November 03: HANM together with KSU leaders of Dangar village and officers from the office of the SDO Dangar Subdivision PWD to inspect the construction of the road from Dangar to Ryngku in East Khasi Hills. District.
If the Government does not do anything about this, the union will take other measures to protect its rights.
In this regard, the Minister confirmed to issue an appropriate decision in the state and also to send an order to the DAVP to inform the needs of the media in the state. The Chief Minister will be informed to implement the Single Window Agency to send and approve announcements through the DAVP. The Central Health Insurance Scheme (CHIS) to recognize journalists who have contributed to the state of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: This book is an attempt to compile and write the history of the Khasi people in collaboration with Professor Bodhi Sainkupar Ranee, (Professor, Tata Institute of Social Science, Mumbai) and We would like to express our gratitude to Prof. Ranee who has completed his PhD in the subject of “The Federation of Khasi States” for inspiring us to publish and write this book. The First Edition of the Khasi Hills from 1773 to 1835 until
Dr Jitendra Singh said that since Narendra Modi assumed office as the Prime Minister of the country, he has focused on the development of the North East.
The meeting was attended by the Ministers of the States in charge of the PHE Department and senior officials of other States.
Meghalaya can also think in terms of agriculture as many people work in agriculture, she said.
Shillong, Iaiong 21: Government officials today celebrated their public day and the theme of the celebration was “Challenges in the delivery of public services”.
After the ceremony, the Archbishop handed over the documents and the testimony between the Parish Council and the first spiritual leader.
The Local Tourist Trekking Team Wahkhen has appointed guides for those tourists who wish to visit the place.
The implementation of GSWSS-III has so far been completed by 72% and the remaining 28% is expected to be completed in the next fiscal year.
Speaking as the chief guest, the launch of this book will be one of the books to express the nation and the day of launching this book will be a day to promote the spirit of patriotism.
They also requested the residents including the village headmen, religious leaders to think carefully and not to get involved in the deception of the government authorities. PBM Basaiawmoit on the inception and idea of ​​providing Aadhaar to the citizens of the country after the Kargil War in 1999, and until 2009 when the Unique Authority of India (UAIDAI) was established and named Aadhar by Nandan Nilkani. which means the foundation.
LPS.Therefore, regarding the above schools, we would like to request you to expedite the allocation of funds for the posts of Teachers and also to send an inspection and allocation for the improvement of the schools of these schools. .
Therefore, this has surprised them as a party on the working methods of the Government.
Until now, the exact cause of the incident is still unknown.
The RO of East Khasi Hills, Bah PS Dkhar, said that there are still polling stations that have not been opened but it is expected that there will be no more.
Passengers carrying goods weighing more than 14 kilos have to pay a maximum of T.0.60 per quintal per kilo meter.
The construction of the Police Bazar in the center of Shillong and the roads for the G-20 summit have been improved and the work is in progress. .
Shillong, July 02: The Governor of Meghalaya today issued a government announcement appointing Bah Himalaya M Shangpliang as the Advisor to the Government and the Education Department of the State Government.
Jowai, July 8: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) Central Body today under the leadership of Samla Jersom Shylla in the presence of Asst General Secretary Samla Nilkee Mukhim and Finance Secretary Samla Tricky Mukhim. of RECPDCL who intend to visit the MeECL branch in Jowai.
Speaking on the appearance of other candidates, he said that they have nothing to say but they welcome all those who come to contest the election.
Shillong, November 29: The Catholic Church today received another blessing from the consecration of Deacon Kyrshanlang Kharpuri at Mawnianglah by Rev. Dominic Jala SDB DD. He is the son of Florence Kharpuri and Nicholas Nongkhlaw and the fourth of nine children.
Lieutenant General Depinder Singh Ahuja, General Officer Commanding 101 Area, laid the foundation stone for the ceremony. and Saily Nongrum, mother and other family members.
Dr. Saha urged the CSIR-CMERI to send proposals to the Director, North-East Council to find ways to implement these technologies in the North East.
Shillong, Lber 23: The Working President of the KBCC, Bah Piwell Shylla, has requested the state government to release the food delivery services from restaurants to those who send food. to their house.
Shillong, Nailar 02: U Governor of Meghalaya, Banwarilal Purohit today escaped injuries after a truck collided with a Ringround vehicle accompanying the Governor at Mawlai Mawiong.
After a while, police received a tip that the three abductees had fallen from the vehicle, after the driver of the vehicle turned back the vehicle due to the presence of of the Police who were stationed on the road.
Before the fire spread to the homes of the people, the Police and Fire and Emergency Services vehicles arrived in time to extinguish the fire before any tragic incident occurred.
Due to the expansion and vision of the Engineering Wing of the Hospital under the supervision of the Deputy Director Administration, the construction of the Medical College Building, Nursing College Building, Research Cancer Center and Hostel for the children has been completed. shaid shaid according to the time.
She said, “In the past, social justice was just a political revolution.
Shillong, March 27: In recent years, many parties have preferred to appoint high-ranking office bearers instead of allowing party office bearers and supporters from different villages or polling stations to participate. to participate in the election of candidates in different constituencies.
The Aroma Mission can produce three types of essential oils in collaboration with a group of women's organisations.
The Secretary said that the election for the election of the new CEM will be held tomorrow at 2.00 pm.
Seibor said that for more than two months, India has been facing a lockdown due to the outbreak of the disease. The people did not go to work.
On the other hand, the employees support the demand of the civil society to send an inquiry into the GVK, as there are 43 vehicles while the government has sent them. There are 48 reports and three reports.
It is an honor for me as her teacher, because her hard work has shown that it is not necessary to have a degree but a love for literature in the Khasi language.
To improve health facilities in the rural areas is the goal of the government.
At the same time, he expressed his gratitude to the Northern Party for accepting him as the new Chairman of the House without any contest in the election which gave him the opportunity to win. without having to fight against it.
The Government of Meghalaya this year has sent two names and one of them is the jri tree at Mawkyrnot, and this bridge is that the Khasi have known since ancient times how to protect the environment.
Dr L Cajee, Controller of Examinations, North Eastern Hills University, told SP News Agency that there was a problem on the server of the university regarding the submission of mark sheets. He said that they are trying to improve the fact that at least tonight the students should have been able to print their mark sheets.
There are 6 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 1 case in South West Garo Hills, 1 case in West Garo Hills and 1 case in West Jaintia Hills. , There are 94 cases in the state.
One of the speakers who has the disease said that the problem faced by the people who have the disease is the exclusion from the society in all aspects.
On the occasion, Bah Shibun said that in the past years when there was no such exchange of money, when it came to these months, the elections were held in all the constituencies in the state and especially in the Jaintia Hills.
Permission is required before using electricity and it is illegal to install microwaves in homes.
During the meeting, the Deputy Commissioner informed the Rangbah Shnongs of the promise of the PWD to build this road. This is the road blockade which will start today.
On the other hand, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Thomas A Sangma, has sent his condolences on the passing away of this great man. other.
There is a mistake in this regard by the Shabong clan because they are the Kharshari clan without first knowing the Kharshari clan.
If you don't take sting, you will suffer greatly.
The MBT Road is part of the scheme to connect the villages and townships for easy access to the market.
According to sources, the main issue that the HSPDP will promise in front of the people is to fight for the Ri Khasi Jaintia State, another is the border. He said that the state has not yet been able to reconcile with Assam.
He is known as the Apostle of the Khasi and one of the leaders of the Catholic Church who brought the faith here in Shillong.
On the other hand, the Seng strongly requests the government department not to delay the allotment so that the works can proceed smoothly. On the other hand, the Seng strongly regrets the construction of the road from Nangstoin to Sangriang from Mawduh Village, Mawthar. km from Sangriang to the beautiful Weinia Valley which has been awarded to the contractors by the PWD Road Nongstoin Division but has not been completed yet. especially for tourists who visit the River Island.
We look forward to the cooperation of all,” said a statement sent by the General Secretary of the party, Bah Roy Kupar Synrem.
Shillong, Nailar 01: The KSU today received information that some foreigners have been hit by a car at Damsait and taken a local taxi. The KSU has received information that the vehicle has been seized at Mawlai.
The union has already sent a letter to the government and given it a deadline of 15 days to pay but after the expiry of this deadline, the government has not done anything. The protest will start in Resubelpara Division.
Tura United Christian Academy was the winner and Tura Christian Girl's Higher Secondary School came second.
Similarly, the abolition of Article 370 in Jammu and Kashmir where previously the insurgents were not allowed to raise the flag of the country.
At this meeting, the BSF told the BGB that there are HNLC militants in Bangladesh who are hiding in their country.
He said that instead of the government spending money for ministers and officers to go abroad to see how others farm, this money should have been used to improve agriculture. in this state.
We feel that the Minister of Health and Family Welfare should clarify this.
However, he still follows the ideas of other experts from other countries of the world.
Shillong, March 20: The BSF from the 181 Battalion of South Garo Hills District today distributed bicycles under the Civic Action Program scheme to school children on the border with the BSF. of Bangladesh.
On the other hand, the government and government offices have decorated their offices with lights to brighten up the Christmas season, houses and shops have decorated themselves to decorate the biggest festival among Christians.
Police have fired tear gas to disperse the angry crowd after the incident which happened in the morning near Bimola Point. at night in the same place.
Bakham Maian Khongwir, Banbatjuban Khongwir and Ishan Kashyap won in the 85 kg category.
The incident took place in South Garo Hills.
"“We request your honorable office to please take action on this, so that we can regain peace in the family and in the community as well," the complainants requested the SP. Speaking to reporters, the son of Kong Meloris Dhar said that the Dorbar Shnong Lumlikhait has issued the first order to evict the villagers on 9th March, 2023 on the allegation of Taro. There are 10 people who have become ill in Lumlikhait.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Herlambok War, Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Iewrynhep, said that in a meeting with the Chief Minister and the Chief Secretary, they have requested that they want only the equipment. not the people.
Ampati, November 03: The Minister in charge of Sports, Zenith Sangma, today laid the foundation stone of a Multi Facility Center at Gandhipara Kasabanagar in South West Garo Hills District. He also distributed chickens to the people of Betasing C&RD Block.
Riba Solonica Kharpran has lodged a complaint with the police that on the night of 7th or 8th June, robbers broke into her shop in Mawlali village and stole goods worth about 7 lakh tyngka. .4.
Therefore, the functioning of this Board is no longer there,” he said.
The party immediately expelled the foreigners and sent them back to their place of origin.
Another issue is the excessive search of commercial vehicles by the police, which has caused problems to the traders and passengers. Those who earn money don't have that reward, don't be afraid.
In 2017, the number of tourists from India reached 990,856 and people from other parts of the country have increased from time to time. The world has reached 12051 cases.
The Seng also urges all food shops to be clean and food items so that they do not affect the health of the people.
Speaking to reporters, he said that the salary of the two months was received on 28th November, the remaining three months of salary should be paid by the government.
Speaking to reporters after the MPCC meeting held at Congress Bhavan, Dr Mukul said, “What surprises me is why only one group is in the opposition”. Two organizations demanding the ILP have met several times with the state government to discuss the entry and exit points which is one of the parts to curb the entry of myntder into the state. .
They have issued guidelines on the curfew measures to be taken by the Central Government Departments, State Governments and Union Territories and the authorities of the States as well as Union Territories to curb the spread of COVID-19 in the country. The Ministry of Home Affairs on 24.03.2020 and improved on 25.03.2020, 27.03.2020, 02.04.2020 and
It was explained that at this meeting they discussed what issues will be discussed in the Legislative Assembly and how as a group they will proceed in the Legislative Assembly which will start on Thursday.
In his speech, Dr Subrata Das, Founder President, CPC, Meghalaya, said that the CPC was established in 1992 for the smooth running of Durga Puja and other religious festivals of the people. Hindu belief.
The opposition to the dam is that it will cause damage and loss of farmland along the Umngot River.
As it is now, we see that the government is only trying to deceive the Sengbhalang leaders by promising only words and not by deeds. The government wants any benefits of the people to be based on promises, not on development works. the State in the name of development.
The Government of Meghalaya has implemented the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act, 2016 with the aim of ensuring the safety and security of the residents of the State by carefully screening the foreigners living around the state. parts of the State.
Shillong, March 18: The total number of people who have tested positive for COVID-19 in Shillong today has risen to
The purpose of this grant is to reduce the spread of COVID-19 in India through the strengthening of COVID-19 diagnostic and treatment facilities, the purchase of medical supplies and medicines to treat these patients. , to strengthen and support health facilities to prevent the spread of the disease. This financial assistance is to establish laboratories and strengthen surveillance, bio-security preparedness, disease research and to work with the community to reduce harm.
At this meeting which was held at the office of the KSU in Jaiaw in the presence of the members of the Meghalaya State Kickboxing Association, the KSU congratulated these four youngsters. victory and that they will bring great glory to the country and the Khasi people as a whole.
He said that the party has already prepared a Mission Document for the state which will be released soon.
According to the president of the CSWO, the Sordar of Raid Kyrdem, Ri Bhoi District, Pholning Makdoh, has ordered the villagers to The construction of the toilets has started and the money will be paid after the launch of the scheme.
In 2022, the BSF seized sarees worth T.1.2 crore. The BSF has tightened its security as this is also the time when Meghalaya goes to the country. elections to elect representatives to the State Legislative Assembly.
The death toll in the state has risen to
The government has lost about T.6.63 crore per annum.
The award ceremony was held at the Taj Mahal Hotel in Delhi in the presence of Union Ministers and Chief Ministers. of many states of India.
Guwahati, Naiwieng 29: The President of India, Ram Nath Kovind today handed over the 118 Helicopter to the Air Force Training Center in Guwahati at a meeting held today.
He said that the KHADC has already sent a letter to the PWD that the KHADC has allocated T.20 crore for the construction of this road, but the PWD has refused to issue the NOC and urged The Council should not submit this money to the PWD for the construction of this road from Nongstoin to Wahkaji.
Ease of doing business was also closely monitored.
The three public leaders said that if there are COVID-19 treatment centers in the area, it will help to reduce the number of cases in Shillong.
Therefore, this article will serve as a guide to clarify the views of many churches on the question of how to divide Meghalaya again. demand for Khasi-Jaintia State -The establishment of a state in India- India has created states on the basis of linguistic state.
The winners of the essay writing competition were Shubhankar Choudhury of Laban Bengalee Boys' Higher Sec.School. Lydia Grace Sawian of Pine Mount School and Banteilang Hahshah of Pearly Dew Higher School came second and third respectively.
He said that in the 10 years between 2004 and 2014, an allocation of T 66,000 crore has been allocated to the SDRF and NDRF for assistance and this has been increased to T 2 lakh crore in the last 10 years. from 2014 to
New Delhi, Nailur 04: Union Health Secretary Rajesh Bhushan today conducted a meeting with 11 North Eastern States and UTs like Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Jammu and Kashmir, Ladakh, Manipur, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Nagaland, Sikkim, Tripura and Uttarakhand.
In this regard, FKJGP Khliehriat Circle has sent written complaints to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District and the DC has already held a meeting with the Waheh Shnongs with the participation of the FKJGP. In the view of the union, the trucks have started unloading goods again and the union has found that most of the traffic stops in the areas of Khliehriat, Ladrymbai are due to the rude behavior of these trucks. urge other trucks which used to unload market goods to Khliehriat, Ladrymbai area to think of others.
New Delhi, July 19: Prime Minister Narendra Modi has inaugurated the new campus of Nalanda University in Rajgir, Bihar.
The meeting also discussed the Mawbyna Festival after two visits, but for unavoidable reasons and the date of the Secretariat, it was decided that the festival will be held. from 01st to 3rd June 2024 at Mawphlang.
He said that the members of the BAM have won many competitions in various fields in which they have brought glory to the state. This is to mark the 10th Anniversary of the passing away of the Vice President.
He said this would increase the production and supply of oxygen in the districts.
From the government's information in recent days, it has been seen that most of those who have died from COVID-19 have not been vaccinated and most of those who have contracted the disease have not been vaccinated. to give Tika death and those who are sick have decreased.
Speaking to reporters, the General Secretary of the party, Bah D Khongsit, said that the party's meeting with the Minister of Electricity was on four issues, one on the lighting, The union said that this light switch off should not affect the students who are currently taking examinations.
In this tragic incident, the troops were able to rescue the people and recovered the property, but due to the rapid spread of the fire, the houses were destroyed in this incident.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: Police on Thursday arrested Bah Hamlen Rymbai, 39, on suspicion of involvement in the bombing of Agnes Kharshiing and Amita Sangma. in Sohshrieh this month.
There are 168 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 127 from East Jaintia Hills, 1 from East Jaintia Hills, 1 from North Garo Hills, 9 from Ri Bhoi, 4 from South Gara Hills. The total number of recoveries has risen to 85,009 so far.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: U Bah Ryntathiang, Rangbah Shnong, Shillong, on Tuesday said that the donation of the dewbilat bridge by Bah Embhahlang B.Syiemlieh under the MDC scheme has been a great benefit and blessing to the residents. village especially to the school children who face a lot of difficulty during the rainy season to cross the river due to the high water level.
“This is a statement by Pulljohn Wanniang, Asst.Education Secretary, KSU South West Khasi Hills District.
A total of 164 participants from four states participated in the North East Shooting Competition.
In recent years, the way people access information has shifted to digital channels.
The Government should explain to the public in a proper manner to solve this problem which the people are not happy to give Tika, the Government should find out why this happens that people do not come forward to ai Right.
Regarding the movement of returning citizens, the government will continue to operate vehicles set up by the government until 15th November where the citizens will have to pay the fare.
Bah Lambha Khongsti Rangbah Shnong in his speech paid tribute to their MLA who has worked for the welfare of the people. The Secretary of the Village Council, Bah Shaiphar Wahlang, gave a speech.
: The Education Cell of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Tuesday sent a letter to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Mazel Lyngdoh on the issues related to the MBBS doctorate. which is allocated by the State Government for the students every year.
During these four days, there will be many drum competitions.
There are 191 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 89 cases in Ri Bhoi District and 28 cases in Ri Bhoi.
The venue is Umdang.
There were 19784 regular students who wrote the examination, 19583 students who passed and 15984 students who passed with a percentage of 81.72%.
When there is rain, cold, wind, snow and ice, avoid using or riding in uncovered vehicles such as motorcycles, golf carts and others.
The investigation was launched following a complaint by the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) against the allegation of distribution of expensive tins of soup, which were purchased through the Chief Minister's Housing Assistance Program (CMHAP).
During the meeting, the Japanese Ambassador discussed with the Governor on many issues to discuss ways and means to strengthen the relations between India and Meghalaya.
The KSU, JSU, JYF and the Union of Rangbah Shnongs have called for a curfew to demand the government to build the road. Hills have withdrawn their protest against the government's promise to build this road.
Bah Rangkynsai Kharbuki has been appointed to the Department of Council Building, Council Assets, Marriage and Divorce.
In the letter, the Prime Minister requested Dharmendra Pradhan to direct the National Testing Authority (NTA) to resolve the issue as soon as possible.
New Delhi.
The HNLC continues to use force to raise funds for the party, while the HNLC continues to maintain its relations with other rebel groups in the North East.
According to the BSF, the value of these drugs smuggled to Bangladesh has reached T.6,11,462.90 lakh. Police of the State to do whatever is necessary according to the law.
The scheme is known as the Assured Career Progression Scheme.
The counting of polling stations will be held on the 24th of this month. The polling station has been guarded by three levels of police, led by the CrPF, the state police and one police. the police force.
Bah Khyllep was the Director of Higher and Technical Education at that time and Marak was a retired Director of Elementary and Mass Education.
In fact, the excessive wisdom of mankind today has destroyed this world.
We have now learned that the demand for the recognition of languages ​​has risen to 42 languages ​​to be included in the 5th Schedule of the Constitution.
He said the central government has sent army chiefs to Jammu and Kashmir to discuss the AFAPA while it has not sent them to Manipur.
The documents required are proof of residence, Bank Account and Aadhar Card.
New Delhi, June 04: An Indian Army patrol on the border of Arunachal Pradesh in the presence of police has discovered a US bomber. which was used by the country in the World War II.
On the same day, the Khasi Students' Union West Khasi Hills District Unit and KSU Nongstoiñ Circle submitted their petitions regarding the problems they face in the areas. and education.
On Tuesday, Bah Process spoke to the Minister of PWD, Bah Prestone Tynsong on the road and the Minister in charge of Road Construction said that the PWD It has already provided all the necessary materials and as soon as the bank is ready, the work will start.
The building, which covers an area of ​​more than 20 acres at Umsawli, has been completed at a cost of Rs 35 crore and is being constructed by Badri Rai & Co.
Adding to the reply of the Minister in charge of District Councils, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that a committee has been set up in the state to look into the matter.
Also present on the occasion were the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, government officials from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and many people from the area. ,.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The question now is who will prepare the PMGSY road construction schemes in Meghalaya? According to information received by the SP News Agency, there are two roads constructed from the state government. Nohron and Nongryngkoh roads under the PMGSY scheme for which the funds allocated under the PMGSY scheme have not been able to complete the work for these two roads.
Shillong, Naitung 04: Lieutenant General Sanjay Malik, GOC, 101 Area, today met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan at Raj Bhavan, Shillong.
Regarding the UDP's claim, it is the UDP to clarify, but the ECI has nothing to do with the MDC elections, the ECI only conducts the MP and MLA elections.
“Ka seng is deeply saddened by the government's failure to stop the smuggling of foreigners into our state.
Prestone said that all the power lies in the hands of the Creator to take care of the precious souls of mankind.
The party will monitor to ensure that not a single penny of the funds allocated for use should go into the accounts of private individuals.
This is the 178th anniversary of the arrival of Rev. Thomas Jones, the Father of the Khasi Alphabet, and Anne Jones on the 22nd July,
The union has written to the CEM of KHADC with a copy of the RTI received by the union, and also to the Under Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, Urban Affairs Department demanding that the KHADC should implement the It is its duty to monitor and ensure this, and also that the SMB should register all foreigners who do not have proper labor licenses and work permits.
The party alleged that this was a mistake.
In the petition, Dr Azad said that in 2012, the Plain Belt District Demand Committee had submitted a petition to the government at that time to demand a new district within the Plain Belt District. West Garo Hills District.
Regarding the Trading by Non Tribal, KHNAM has expressed its satisfaction with the EC's initiative to crack down on foreigners who trade without proper documents. James has submitted a request to the CEM under Section 10 (2) of the Trading by Nontribal Regulation
However, Elinda decided to build only two-wheelers because it was easier for her.
After that, attempts were made from time to time to rebuild or revive it, but it did not succeed and remained so.
The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) has expressed its deep sorrow over the NGT's ban on coal mining in Meghalaya. of Jaintia Hills.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has been appointed as the Administrator of the District Council.
The SSSM is deeply concerned to find out the garbage and rubbish that has been spread by the people who come and go from these places.
On the other hand, the Governor said that the residents should be at the forefront and especially the poor.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The traffic jam on Mawkhar Road since the demolition of Stand Jaiaw in Mawkhar has intensified and now has caused drivers to become thousands of people. in this case.
Shillong, Lber 27: Topcem in collaboration with the Centum Foundation will conduct a two day training for contractors in Meghalaya.
The scholarship started in 2011 when one of the students of IIM Shillong received the scholarship for the first time. .
He said that to protect the Damsait Dam, there is a need to clean up the two rivers, Wahumkhrah and Umsherpi. Damside.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister said that the central government should not force people to register Aadhaar. There are many people who study outside the state and don't have Aadhaar.
Shillong, June 07: The film 'Where the Clouds End' will be screened for the first time on Tuesday at Don Bosco Youth Centre. Shillong.
They also expressed their confidence in the Tura Police Station and the NEHU authorities so that the group involved in committing illegal acts should be brought to justice. not tyngeh of the law.
On this occasion, members of the cooperative organization in the village were present to witness this day in the presence of the elders of the village.
Speaking to reporters, Malcom Tariang, President of the Meghalaya College Teachers Association (MCTA) of St Edmund Unit, said that the protest against the Governing Body of the College has started now. days and this will continue until the claim of.
St. Anthony's College Shillong in the presence of the College Administration.
Bah Tanbor is a recognized singer by All India Radio and has produced several albums, including singing at major public events in the state and the region.
On this night, Jawaharlal Nehru received the 'Sengol' from the Adheenam, the monks, of the Thiruvaduthurai Adheenam (Mutt) in Tamil Nadu.
At this meeting, he said that the weakness of the jaidbynriew is due to the lack of selfishness.
Police have confirmed that the militants who kidnapped the officer of the Assam Jain Police Department are members of the Rabha National Liberation Front (RNLFA).
" The teachers of this competition are world renowned scholars such as Professor Liisa Peltonen from the University of Helsinki, Finland, Professor Susan Barman from Michigan State University, Professor Jayasree Sengupta and Professor D. Ghosh from AIIMS. , New Delhi.
This also shows that the Government has no responsibility to resolve the border issue where the people living on the border have become victims from time to time.
They began to have a love affair that brought them to ruin and is recorded in history.
Shillong, July 09: The arrival of missionaries in the North East has been of great benefit to the people of this region in many ways.
The union said that these are the perpetrators of the protest.
There is no relationship between the ILP and the Sixth Schedule.
The tyllai was made of blankets and was hidden in the courtyard of the prison.
The CSWO alleged that there was something behind the incident and alleged that at the time of the incident the mobile phones of the DC and SP of South Garo Hills were locked. The CSWO said that these police chiefs are busy providing security to politicians and government officials while to the people who are in places where they don't have time to look after.
The desire to amend the Sixth Schedule dates back to 1954 when Captain WA Sangma became the first CEM of GHADC in 1954 and the desire came back in 1988 during the INC. and until now it remains with Para 12 (A) which remains only in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The Khasi Students' Organization (KSU) has organized a meeting to discuss the issues related to the North East Students' Organization (KSU). All Assam Students’ Union (AASU), Naga Students’ Federation (NSF), Mizo Zirlai  Pawl (MZP), Twipra Students’ Federation (TSF), All Manipur Students’ Union (AMSU), Garo Students’ Union The GSU and the All Arunachal Pradesh Students' Union (AAPSU) held an Executive Council Meeting (ECM) in Guwahati on the 16th of this month.
Stress on the Government's review of policies for agricultural development, support for sustainable practices, and ensuring the welfare of those who supply the country with food .
He said that as the security forces have brought the trust of the people, it is the duty of all Government employees to increase the trust of the people in the working methods of the Government.
This is because some civil society organizations have called for an office blockade and a village blockade on the 17th and 19th of this month.
Shillong, March 5 : The East Khasi Hills District Superintendent of Police issued a public notice on March 5th, 2024, regarding traffic restrictions in anticipation of two major events in the district.
Because the 108 Ambulance has enough nurses and equipment to treat inside the vehicle to reach the hospital.
On this occasion, there was also a competition to showcase their knowledge in science from various schools of Shillong.
The Seng after inspection and investigation said that the main reason for this is the lack of unity among the farmers at the time of selling their produce which has led to the exploitation of farmers. The Seng also finds that the Government through the Agriculture Marketing Board has not taken action to set the price of various products as the 'correct price' There is a need to introduce a new way of thinking according to the present era in the sale or transportation of these products from the state.
These animals are protected under the Wildlife Protection Act, 1972, which is in force in Meghalaya, Mizoram and Assam.
The depositors of the bank also said that Bah P.Rani is a person who is ready to help by explaining the rules and regulations of the bank, especially in facilitating the deposit of money for the people. those who lack knowledge as well as those who lack knowledge.
During these two days, no vehicles will be allowed to enter from Golf Club to PTS and Lum Shyiap, no vehicles will be allowed to enter from Lad Shyiap to Tiara Restaurant to enter Golf Club and no vehicles will be allowed to enter PTS. Lad Sanker is not a member of the Golf Link.
The Chief Minister said that the Rapid Test Kids will soon arrive in the state.
On the other hand, the KHADC has seen that the supply of Khasi medicines has been decreasing in the past few days. under the Government Advertising Act.
Another interesting program was the children's competition held at Wards Lake.
The CRPF Station at Polo, on this occasion also inaugurated an oxygen generator donated by the Rotary Club Shillong.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: Leaders of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today met with the Deputy Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem to demand that the District Council should not allow the army to enter the country. buy land.
These confirmed Matabors and Deputy Matabors are for the two constituencies within the Umniuh-Tmar District, Umniuh and Tmar.
In the march past competition, NCC Girls won the first prize, while NCC Boys and Sacred Heart Girl's Hr.Sc.
On the other hand, the KSU would like to urge the relevant authorities to take action so that in the future there will be no more exploitation by the law enforcement agencies.
The HANM leader said that this action of the central government shows that it does not respect the Legislative Assembly, the 60 MLAs and the 30 lakh residents of the state. in the state of Meghalaya.
The General Secretary of the HYC, Bah Isaac W Basaïawmoit, said that since the declaration of the war against drugs on 2nd June 2024, the HYC has been going around the country not only to search or burn. The drugs were seized from the drug users but the union has strongly warned and sent these youths to Rehabilitation Centers after giving the consent of the families of these youths.
Officials of the company who attended the meeting included Construction Manager Rupam Pal of Reliance Jio in the presence of Saijul Haque Shillong Finance Manager to discuss the construction of the new Mobile Tower. in Ranikor to address the lack of network and also to address the problems of the people.
If you come back from Assam under Karbi Anglong to Meghalaya, you will first find the Meghalaya Police Gate and when you enter further there is the Assam Police Gate.
In collaboration with the Dorbar Shnong Laitumkhrah and the State Government departments, the MLA of Laitumkhrah Constituency Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh who is also the Minister of the State Government has convened a meeting to discuss the preparations for the The relocation of land vendors in Laitkumkhrah, Shillong to another place to avoid traffic jam, especially after the opening of schools in Laitumkhrah.
By doing these, we will achieve a steady stream of jobs in which income goes hand in hand with income generation.
This was announced by Prakash Javadekar, Minister of State for Environment, Forest and Climate Change (MoEFCC) recently.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The Union Minister of State for Law and Justice, Kiren Rijiju, on Tuesday said that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya is well aware of the demand for Inner Line Permit in Meghalaya. the Interior Ministry is investigating.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: The Border Security Force (BSF) has released Janking Marak from the kidnappers suspected to be members of the GNLA. They were arrested on the 10th of this month in South Garo Hills.
The consultation of all the political parties has agreed to send the consultation to the government to set up an expert committee or a group of educated residents and people who or those who have the knowledge and skills on the subject of employment or State Reservation in the State.
The Chief Minister of the state said that the quarantine center has been set up by the government.
The Economic Affairs, Ministry of Finance, said, “The expansion and strengthening of health facilities is a priority for the Government of India.
Babu Hajom wrote the Khasi English Dictionary in 1904 and in 1920 Nissor Singh wrote it.
Iangrai said that the police department has clarified that the results published on these websites are fraudulent and false because the police department has not issued such an announcement to conduct the examination. you are light.
On the other hand, the JSU has not been able to visit these works of the PWD with their own eyes.
Shillong, Lber 16: The body of Bah Samuel Mukhim, 65, of Jatalong village, Block II, Assam Police on Tuesday night. Assam Police from Karbi Anglong who arrived at the scene took the body to Baithalongso for post mortem. and this thing.
The clashes were four times this morning between St. Dominic's College Shillong and Ri-Bhoi College Nongpoh.
Droupadi Murmu administers the Oath of Office and Secrecy to the Prime Minister of India, Shri Narendra Modi during the swearing-in ceremony, at Rashtrapati Bhavan, in New Delhi on June 09, 2024.
Shillong, Nailur 22: The Sein Kur Dkhar East Jaintia Hills has found that Ramesh Dkhar and all his relatives have misused the Kur Dkhar as their Kur even though they are not from the Kur Dkhar. too.
The earthquake also affected Raitsaitsim, Syntu Ksiar, Yalong and many parts of Jowai city. it continues.
Shillong, Nailur 02: The visit of Mukul Wasnik, who was specially sent by the AICC to Shillong, has raised many questions regarding the status of the KHNAM. Congress in the state and especially in the case of the CEM of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem, who has no understanding with the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma.
Dr. Tyngshain Sutnga, Medical Officer, Bhoirymbong CHC, checks the dash board of MOTHER every day to monitor the number of poor mothers.
The Chief Minister said that the issue of resolving the border between the two states is the top priority of the state government.
He said that during the Monolith Festival, the Council will also request the villages to announce on the posters in each village so that people can get information and participate.
This sudden increase in price has put the people in a difficult situation who have to buy foodgrains every day. Many of the residents in the state do not have ration cards.
The Government has set a target of distributing Tika to 25,000 people per day and if possible, the target will be reached in April.
The District Administration is increasing its patrols in the remote areas to ensure peace and stability in those areas.
He has also received the Assam Gaurav Award from the Governor of Assam in 2022-23 and the Best Farmer Award from the Assam Agriculture University in
The Minister said that the permission required through the EIA is only one part of any project but there are many others which they have to follow, the Land Transfer Act, the There are District Councils and the State Government is in talks with the Central Government on this issue.
The union also urges the youth thepkam to come forward against these attempts by anyone so that such attempts to deceive the youth will not happen again.
Speaking to media after the special cabinet session, Prestone said the state funeral will be held at Mawpun Square. at Sohra and will start at 12.00 noon.
The Seng has actually met with the Chairman of Meghalaya Cooperative Apex Bank to set up a new branch in this area and now we would like to urge that more banks should be set up in Ranikor Civil Sub Division so that don't put trouble on the public.
Over the past three years, the company has marketed many types of salt under various names.
He said that the allegation in the affidavit before the Meghalaya High Court that the construction of the road for the Bypass Road has not been completed due to the opposition of the residents is false. 'bakla'“I am pleased to inform you that even the residents and landowners have given their approval and the construction of the road has been done by the PWD and NHIDCL department which has been sent to the Ministry. Recently, while I was in Delhi, I had a meeting with the relevant officers and I was convinced that soon we will be able to get the budget,” he said. said Prestone in an interview with the media.
Shillong, Lber 27: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) today held a seminar on 'Make Umroi Green Clean & Healthy' at Ferrando School Umroi Nongrah.
After the recruitment, the newly recruited soldiers sang the ARC war song, in which they sang with joy as a sign that they have now become soldiers. completely.
For the first time, Gogoi has mentioned the name of Himanta Bishwa Sharma, saying that he was once a respected minister, but now he is no longer the Minister of Health and Family Welfare. the light that rules in the heart.
The residents of this village also expressed their gratitude to the organization for providing this training on farming.
Once again we have discussed and decided to set up a Committee to review the Indian Registration Act, so that the documents issued by the Autonomous District Councils should not be recognized by any department and Bank,” said the Prime Minister's Secretary.
Shillong, March 28: U Deputy Chief Minister, Karnataka, DK Shivakumar on Tuesday welcomed Bah Paul Lyndoh, Minister of Tourism and Social Welfare, Government of Meghalaya at his office. so many issues related to local and national concerns.
Of the two, the Congress has already proceeded to announce its own candidates.
On the other hand, the union has also demanded from the BSF officials to monitor the smuggling of Bangladeshi Dkhars into India through the border of War Jaintia as the establishment of the BSF camp in Amlarem will not prevent them from smuggling Bangladeshis into India. Therefore, if the patrolling system at the border is not synjor, it will not be useful for the BSF to set up a patrolling post in Amlarem if the law allows them to do so.
Shillong, June 13: The 61st Meghalaya NCC Girls Battalion of Shillong College today conducted a Digital Payment Campaign at the college in which more than 500 NCCs and about 100 NSS members participated. come to take part in this meeting.
Millions have been affected by the disease, the loss of jobs of many churches and the income of the people and revenues of the government in many countries including India.
FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle feels that there is no problem if the government has the will to take action to relocate the Jhalupara Outpost to Umshyrpi Bridge as it is an abandoned place for many years. years since the construction of the new bridge.
“Ka AJYWO is pleased that the government has allocated C&RD Block to Lumshnong area but strongly opposes the government's approach to bringing about development in the area by immediately relocating Wapung C&RD Block to Wapung C&RD Block. these areas only 8 months after its opening.
Jiten Sunnar, 24, of Upper Mawprem Shillong, has died of COVID-19 today, bringing the total number of deaths in the state to
The Executive Committee has decided to continue the implementation of the Trading by Non-Tribal Regulation Act to prevent foreigners from trading within the border of KHADC, whether small or large traders and Those who do not have a Trading License will be banned from their operations.
Before the distribution of these donations, a short meeting was conducted by Samla Wellborn Nonglang who is the General Secretary of the office.
This is the district of East Khasi Hills.
MJAC Secretary General Enrico D. Pasi in Shillong said that there are about 800 trucks carrying coal and 130 trucks carrying coal entering the country. Factories every day carrying minerals to the dewbilat factories in East Jaintia Hills and trucks carrying more than three times the limit.
“It is necessary to ensure strict compliance with the NGT order in East Khasi Hills District and to prevent the endangerment of human life, health and safety and to protect the the fire of nature," the law said.
The Chairman of the Dorbar acknowledged that many of the Chief Executive Members do not understand the internet.
India accounts for more than 62% of the world's shynrai trade.
Answering a supplementary question, the Chief Minister said that the revenue collected from the gate for the year 2012-2013 is T.3.46 lakh, while for the year -2014 till this month it has reached T.4.65 thousand tyngka.
The Deputy Commissioner said that the office has sent relief to those households affected by the earthquake, although the counting is ongoing till late tonight.
Shillong, Lber 16: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed 64 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills. 4 cases, 1 case from Ri Bhoi, 1 case from South Garo Hills.
Seeing the fleeing of the truck, the police chased the truck and stopped the truck and arrested the truck. Police are investigating the incident. writing about this incident.
Shillong, November 11: Bah Ashok Kharkongor and Anita Lyngdoh Nongpuir have expressed their gratitude to all those who have given their support to the son of Shanbor Lyngdoh Nongpuir in the kura competition held in Thailand. .
KSU President Daniel Khyriem told SP News Agency that the KSU will meet with the law enforcement authorities today as they have called.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Jop Kharnaior, President of Shant HYC Nongthliew, said that this school has provided services to more than 18 villages and in this area there has not been a single school. Government Higher Secondary School, except one private Higher Secondary School.
The Prime Minister said that there are many states in our country, there are many places where people preserve their customs and traditions.
More developed states such as the country's capital, Maharashtra, Karnataka and Goa have experienced a decline in their share despite their large share in the scheme.
Regarding the presence of coal mining factories in East Jaintia Hills, the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District has written a letter to close down the factories which have not received the permission of the CTO. Jiantia Hills has lodged a complaint against the coal mining factories and the SP of EJH District has registered a case against 7 factories. ask SEIA to enforce the rules.
They said that even the KHADC authorities have agreed to propose to the Government of India to set up a Regional Council for the Chief Executive Members in Meghalaya.
The Deputy Commissioner of Assam Police has promised to protect the Pnars when they go to harvest their rice in Nongjrong and the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills has approved this. of the Karbi and decided to cut down the tree roots tomorrow.
Children are also advised not to walk on foot or in areas where there is no light on the school grounds.
Danish World Cup player Jesper Olsen will take part in a football training session tomorrow morning. play in the Commonwealth.
Shillong, November 03: Former Meghalaya Minister Manirul Islam Sarkar, 53, passed away today and the funeral service will be held tomorrow morning at Chibinang village in West Garo Hills District.
The meeting was held to share the information received from the elections in the states in 2021 and
Prime Minister Duh said the new Parliament will give new powers to the world's largest democracy.
Shillong, Nailur 05: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today held a meeting with the leaders of 13 civil society organizations to discuss the Meghalaya Resident Safety and Security Act.
The delegation was led by RBSU President Everjoy Nongpluh, General Secretary Donbok Syiem and other members of the RBSU. the Ministry of Education of the State Government.
However, in his personal opinion, as an MLA, he is not worried that it belongs to anyone but the owners of the land are not allowed to build any buildings around Lum Shyllong.
Monirul Islam, the driver of the truck, was shot dead by the suspects.
Therefore, the Association leader said that Meghalaya needs to take action to provide assistance to the Association and the players when they go to compete in various tournaments.
Police are conducting investigation to track down the perpetrators of the crime. Police said that this is the work of the insurgents but they have not yet been charged. from which group.
He also warned that the Police Department will not allow any person who intends to disrupt the peace and order of the residents.
Shillong Subdivision and Jowai Subdivision.
The Prime Minister said that when information was received whether an MLA has ever died while the House is in session, this was also asked by the Leader of the Opposition and it was found that this would be the case. This is the first time that an MLA has died during the session of the House.
At the same time, he said that the CAA passed by the Central Government in relation to Assam is against the Assam Accord which was signed in 1985 and 1971 was adopted as the Assam Accord. According to the CAA 2019, those who came before 2014 became Indian citizens.
He said that the salary increase for the SSA employees was in 2016, and on 12th June, 2023 the Executive Committee under the leadership of the Chief Secretary of the Government of Meghalaya has approved the proposal. The salary increase should be in consultation with the Finance Department and other Societies and Government Departments.
New Delhi, Naiwieng 16: An Indian MIG-29K two-seater bomber plane crashed today after a sudden flight of birds while the pilots were flying.
During the meeting, it was said that before the announcement of the election, the ILP should be implemented in the state.
In his speech, the President of the party, Roykupar Synrem, said that Babu Soso Tham is not only a teacher in schools but a teacher of the entire nation.
Regarding the relocation of Them Metor, he said that as an MLA, he will not be allowed to insult them, but should protect the people who have served the state.
The KHADC has no record of revenue collection in these years.
To address this threat in the state, the government has taken many measures to fight against this and will soon be able to implement an integrated project to strengthen what they have.
The Union Minister of State for Social Justice and Empowerment, Pratima Bhoumik on Friday launched the PM-DAKSH skills training programme. Sampann Hitgrahi) Yojana, for persons with disabilities in Shillong today.
Pyniaid said the EC will decide how to use the existing building after it has been relocated to New Shillong Township.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 95,386 people have tested positive for COVID-19 so far, 93,057 have recovered and 1,605 have died. yet.
The ED (offline) report on the Improvement Examination to be conducted by the MBOSE has been sent by the Education Department to the Director of School Education and Literacy on 1st March teacher at the last meeting on November 14
Shillong, Nailur 23: The Mawsynram Constituency Welfare Organization (MCWOS) today honored 69 students from Matric to higher education who have scored more than 60% marks and above in the Mawsynram Constituency Welfare Organization (MCWOS). that exam.
During these three days, participants will be from Korea, Australia, the United States, Canada and England.
The police have been conducting raids across the state and in unexpected places to ensure that the election is smooth. The money should not be used for elections.
The JAC would like to inform that the attempt of the Meghalaya State Pollution Board together with MeECL to hold a public complaint meeting is illegal and has violated the rules and regulations of the EIA. , They also want to make it clear that the residents do not want to take part in any public complaint meetings because we don't want the Government or any authority or company to build the Dam and den he went to the Umngot River.
The Central Government has also followed up on this issue as it is the responsibility of the State Government to pay the money to the landowners.
The opening ceremony of the tournament was attended by Jaian Sylliang President KSU, Bah Dros Lyngdoh Rangbah Shnong Umling Sarang and Bah Fourwell Khongmalai. Organizations Bah Thomas Rangthaluh President of KickBoxing Association of Ri-Bhoi District Overall Supervisor & Technical Secretary 0 Donny Ranee.
Those who have not received the shini have been ordered to inform the DC to take action.
In particular, the KSU urges the Karbi people and the Assam government authorities to be disciplined and not to harass the Khasi people who go to their fields.
Answering additional questions, the Minister said that this is not only in Ri Bhoi District but also in all other schools in the state where the government is still providing for the appointment of teachers. compete.
This year, up to 9 Rots have been brought to Aitnar. After the arrival of all the Rots, the Khnong Blai has come down and destroyed all the Rots.
To date, 230 people have continued to take medicines at this government facility.
During his visit, he will visit the jain manufacturing plants in the state.
The collection of funds through FASTag in India has been very successful and in one day on 29th June 2023, up to T.193.15 crore has been collected in one day and this has been collected through crore FASTag.
The decision will be sent to the NSBARD to get the loan.
Shillong, Naitung 11: Heavy rainfall in the past three days has caused landslides in many places and today the National Highway-40E Shillong Dawki has collapsed at Pomlum near Laitlyngkot village.
Members of various political parties including FKJGP, HNYF, AJYWO, Commercial Vehicle Drivers Association also attended the event.
In the complaint to the police, u Bah George did not mention how many times these pumps have been stolen. Besides this complaint, the police have conducted an investigation to track down the thieves. the four water pumps.
On the other hand, they don't want any incident because the peace talks are going on.
Chief Guest Harish Chandra Chaudhary, Principal Conservator of Forests and Principal Secretary to the Governor of Meghalaya, said that he has great respect for Swami Vivekananda.
The union urges the law enforcement authorities to take action and immediately arrest these bloodthirsty suspects and punish them according to the rules of law. Moonstar Nongrem, spokesperson of UHM, said that the country's economy is experiencing a slowdown.
Bah Kyrmen also handed over a donation of Rs 4 lakh to the relatives of the deceased.
PC, the announcement was signed by the District Magistrate of Nongbri today.
Mawsynram United Democratic Party OLLAN SINGH SUIN (WINNER).
As a warning, the people should understand that they should not support this rebel group with money or any other support. If found, the government will arrest those who support them and imprison them for 40 years with fine.
The party leaders who are currently in Delhi will meet with the party leaders and the Home Minister to brief the authorities on the state of peace and order in Garo Hills. .
It is not enough to just emphasize that the recruitment process in government departments is clean and transparent, but it should have a clear path. All the young men are looking for jobs.
Sengbat G Marak President of the union said that they have sent a petition to the Chief Minister, the Symbud Chief Minister, the Minister of Education and the Director of Education. should not be reduced to deficits.
The OC of Nongmynsong Police Out Post, while talking to SP News Agency, said that the police arrested them without arresting them for carrying petrol in a bottle.
According to a statement sent by the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, Bah S.Nongtnger, a truck (ML05 G 9528) was hit by Yomiki Kharshandi. A 20-year-old woman, who was carrying 12 muid, suddenly collapsed on her way to Langkyrdem from Pynursla to Laitlyngkot.
Shillong, November 30: The President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) while speaking on the occasion of the 157th death anniversary of Woh Kiangnangbah. The state government has decided to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) and sent it to Delhi after 60 MLAs agreed to demand and implement it. There is no ILP in Meghalaya.
Amit Shah said the campaign against drug abuse and harmful effects is ongoing in the country through various platforms.
According to the general information received by the Seng, since the cleaning of this road and until Meghalaya got its own state, no improvement and renovation has been seen through the Special Schemes of the State Government. Although there have been some repairs on the PWD Road, it can be said that the stinginess of the contractors may also be one of the causes of the damage on this road. the judgment of many churches while the days are coming.
ERO Alleans Sangma said that such phone calls are received from time to time on this number 108 from Assam and other states of the North East. The call to 108 has helped to rescue the girl.
The people of this village have to carry these products on their heads to Mawsynram to sell them.
Borduar has an area of ​​147.83 sq km, Boklapara has an area of ​​1.57 sq km, Nongwah Mawtamur has an area of ​​137.51 sq km, Khanapara Pilangkata has an area of to 2.29 sq km above.
The KDA invites and urges all its members to come forward and inform the KDA if there are any incidents of violence in the community by exercising their rights according to the law. ain The Person With Disabilities( Equal opportunities , protection of right and full participation) ACT 1995.
There are 1 case in East Jaintia Hills, 8 cases in East Khasi Hills, 3 cases in Ri Bhoi, 1 case in West Garo Hills. you logn according to the notification sent from the Ministry of Health.
Therefore, the Seng strongly condemns the actions of MUDA with the participation of Magistrates who are Khasi and it is here, as Soso Tham said that one day we will become Nongtong Um or Nongthoh Dieng. and only here we have seen that our own brothers and sisters have become like Nongtong Um or Nongthoh Dieng to their fellow Khasi.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The National People's Party (NPP) has held a two-day meeting to elect the candidate for the mid-term elections from the 53-Ampati Constituency. K Sangma to return from Delhi to take the final decision on who will be nominated as the party candidate.
Many of the SSA teachers have raised the question why the government cannot pay as accepted by the central government.
After being elected by the PESB in 1998, he became Director of Production at Bongaigaon Refinery and Petrochemicals Limited. in the year
The union demanded to expedite the distribution of relief to the farmers whose crops have been damaged by natural disasters, to increase the amount of relief and to expedite the distribution of relief to the farmers during the fine.
He said special talents should be discovered and recognized.
Shillong, Naitung 31: About 13 trees were cut down from the ground today for breaking the sign board of the Dalmia Company.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The unemployed youths of South West Khasi Hills District today sent a letter to the Chairman of the District Selection Committee to complain that there is a mistake in the way of setting the questions for the post. LDA.In a letter sent today, those who have admitted to be applicants for the post of LDA have been invited by the DSC of SWK District. error in the way of setting the answers in the examination conducted on 5June
Replying to another question by Teinwell Dkhar, EM in charge of Housing, Teiborlang Pathaw said the EC has already written to the MHA in Delhi to allocate land for the construction of the KHADC. Bhavan in Delhi.
At present, the police have tried him in court and are now seeking permission from the court to remand him in police custody (for further investigation).
This is a small assistance to those families who have suffered from this crisis, on the part of the residents of NEHU have reached out to help those affected by this COVID-19 pandemic. 19.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: The CoMSO today held a meeting at NEHU, Shillong and decided to launch protests to demand the implementation of the ILP in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The original ILP has been renamed LIP.
The people of Mawkynrew Constituency on this occasion have witnessed the spirit of service of this Rangbah Leader who has empowered him as MDC to open the footbridge of Wah Umsngad, Dong Wahshnong. The meeting was attended by many elders, women and youth of Jongksha Village.
On the other hand, the JYF-EJH President Niwasly Rymbai and John Pala Secretary JYF-EJH visited the children in Sahsniang. NEIMA has donated 5 quintals of rice to these children who are our brothers and sisters. They don't have a father, they don't have a household, say these leaders.
The Railway Department has placed banners around the railway stations in the North East to commemorate the partition of India on this day 77 years ago. the light of India.
In the junior girls (45 kg), East Jaintia Hills won the gold medal while West Khasi Hills won the silver medal.
They were also advised to spread awareness about the update.
On the other hand, the young Syiem said that the kingdom will not find the exact place where the great king of the kingdom died in Decca which was Bengal at that time and now falls in Dhaka. in Bangladesh.
At the same time, CCRCHAP wants the meeting to be held on the 26th of June to discuss the issue of Chakma and Hajong residents in the state to be fruitful.
On the other hand, Bah Metbah urged the residents to be vigilant, to prevent the spread of the disease, he urged the residents to get vaccinated so that they can fight against this disease.
“That was the claim at the time.
There was also a traditional costume in which the students of the college dressed in different customs of India.
In the semifinals, Smit will face Mawngap and Assam Riffle will face Mawpat.
Referring to the HNLC's statement that ICARE should talk about corruption, Bah Toki Blah said the party accepts the HNLC's statement. Bah Blah said to fight against this is that the people should not take money during the elections.
During his visit to Jowai, the Chief Minister met with the CEM of JHADC and the MLA of the area.
The meeting was attended by the CCIB, KSU, FKJGP and HNYF.
Government Ministers, MLAs and officers were also present at the meeting and Chief Secretary MS Rao explained what the government has done. There are many ways to prevent the spread of COVID-1
Laitlyngkot, March 27: Vincent H Pala MP of 2-Shillong Parliamentary Constituency has inaugurated the Golden Jubilee celebration of St. Peter's Secondary School, Laitlyngkot. come and witness this great day.
The Principal Secretary to the Ministry of Home Affairs, KS Kropha, while talking to SP News Agency, said that 50% of the workers come to work in Shillong.
From East Khasi Hills, Prestone Tyngsong and HDR Lyngdoh were elected as Ministers, while from Jowai, Dr RC Laloo and Sngewbhalang Dhar were elected as Ministers.
Shillong, July 13: The employees of the EMRI 108 under the banner of the Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union today started operating the 108 Ambulances from 7.00 pm today.
This was done because the Coal Mines (Nationalization) Act, 1973, especially in the third section of the Act, clearly states that the coal in this area belongs to the Central Government.
We have seen that the Government in August 2016 through the Chief Minister announced that the Cabinet on 24th July 2007 has withdrawn the permission to UCIL for the Exploratory Mining and development activities before mining uranium in the area.
From time to time we see that the office of the General Manager DCIC East Khasi Hills invites applications for students to come for training at this place but when we look back it ends up inviting applications without any students coming to be trained. there.
Shillong, July 11: Leaders of the Khasi National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) including Thomas Passah, James MA Neng and others today met with the CEM of KHADC. He was the son of Pyniaid Singh.
Abhijeet Singha, founder of the contest, said that the contest has reached the 20th round of the Sunsilk Serum Mega Miss North East East. money one by one.
Referring to the introduction of ration by the central government, he said that the Congress-led government has not thought of the poor and needy. that heavy spah.
After Independence, we started the road from zero by measuring the cliffs.
After a meeting with the Chief Minister's Secretary Prestone Tynsong today, the teachers under the leadership of the Federation of All School Teachers of Meghalaya (FASTOM) have clarified what the government should do on their demands. which is related to salary.
Why is it urgent to develop the railway, why doesn't the central government and the state government think first to develop good schools, colleges, universities in every district, good health facilities in every district? districts, agriculture development, youth employment development, road development especially in the rural areas and other developments that will benefit the indigenous people.
The Parish of Mawprem and Mawkhar today held a blessing ceremony at the cemetery at Mawprem.
He said that if there is a need, the government will introduce a scheme for this road through the PMGSY so that the people of this area can travel easily because of the road. The road is very old and needs to be done for the benefit of the people of this area.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: The Water Resources Department of India today held the final drawing competition on the theme “Let's conserve water before it runs out”.
Thousands of beneficiaries of the Viksit Bharat SankalpYatra from across the country will participate in the programme.
He also wished the HYC Nongkwar unit to continue to grow through the good works you have done in the community.
The Symbut Myntri Rangbah said that the public can inform the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare if those people who have been ordered to stay at home do not comply. They don't obey the government and can't take them and put them in places prepared by the government to stay alone.
The remaining roads will be completed in the 2018-2019 fiscal year.
Shillong, July 24: The 69th Plenary of the North Eastern Council, which was inaugurated by the Union Minister in charge of Defence, Amit Shah, ended today.
Shillong, Naitung 11: The Wholesale Department of the Meghalaya Government is responsible for protecting the consumers from the low wholesale prices by the traders.
The Executive Members of KHADC who accompanied the inspection included Deputy CEM Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, Chairman of the Council Bah Lamphrang Blah, Deputy Chairman Bah Charles Marngar, Executive Members including Mr. Rangkynsai Kharbuki and Mr. Teibor Pathaw.
He said that in the next 25 years, the new laws to be introduced in the new Parliament will transform India into a developed country, help eradicate poverty and open up the country. new opportunities for the youth and women of the country.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongthliew Circle has been approved by the Dorbar Shnong to name the heroes of Bri Hynniewtrep by planting mawbynna in the lympung. around neighboring villages.
and they were pleased that the work of the council should be left to the chief.
Shillong, July 17: To protest against the shooting of doctors in Kolkata, the All India Medical Association (AMA) has banned a nationwide strike in which doctors from Meghalaya have also taken part.
The reason for the abolition of the VHAM is that it has misjudged the number of people who take drugs to avoid drug addiction. misuse of money in connection with the purchase of thyrnia.
Other parties can speak as they please but we as the National Party have to think about the present and tomorrow,” said Bah Pala.
The protesters carried placards and placed them on the road.
The government is now looking at education as one of the areas where the government will invest to bring about education in the state.
The day was enriched by songs and dances by the students of the school.
He said the first family to be affected was Jumonlang Suchiang, 43, who was shifted to NEIGHRIMS Hospital along with her 10-month-old child who is now in critical condition.
The child was drowned in the flood which came suddenly from the heavy rain on Sunday in the Urkaliar River.
Bah AL Hek may not know exactly the meaning and functioning of the ILP, the ILP cannot violate the rights of any citizen according to the Constitution of India but it is a stieh to protect us as a small nation. paid to be covered by the illegal entry of foreigners.
Police have conducted heavy searches in parts of South West Garo Hills and West Garo Hills, said Mukesh Singh SP of West Garo Hills.
The length of this road from Wahkaji to Mawthabah is 20 km and the total cost from payment of rent to completion of painting will be T. KHADC and UCIL have already signed a memorandum of understanding in
Shillong, March 10: Police in South Garo Hills District today seized a Maruti 800 after receiving a tip that some people were in possession of firearms.
“If the Government can't run it, it's better because it's been going smoothly for 10 years,” he said. “It's not that the Government can't run but it has another purpose. to the company, perhaps it may be for the benefit of someone but not for the benefit of the state.
Union Minister of State for Agriculture, Shri Kailash Choudhary, Sushri Sobha Karandlaje, Minister of State for Home Affairs, BL Verma and Chief Minister of Arunachal Pradesh, Pema Khanduki attended the National Summit. .
On the other hand, the KSU has asked the political parties whether they can decide whom to include in the electoral roll. The duty of political parties is to educate the people regarding the names on the electoral roll that they cannot register.
This action of the government will affect the people of the state.
The meeting was conducted by Samla Hababiang Kharsohmat.
As it is, the child does not have any marks on her body but the child is weak.
Other sources said that the sudden storm happened in the morning when many people had gone to work in their rice fields.
The members were accompanied by the Rangbah Shnong and Secretary Shnong of Mawpat Dorbar Shnong in the presence of Sonstar Nongkhlaw Asst.Genl.
The CEM of KHADC said that they are against the casino. This is the decision of the MDCs. Earlier it was only a speech as the CEM but now it is the decision of all the MDCs. party.
The occupants of the vehicle had left the village to visit their daughter who was studying in Guwahati but when they reached Markasa she encountered the incident.
Sub Division School Education Officer & District School Education Officer & District Project Coordinator RMSA Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, November 11: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongthliew Circle has alleged that the construction of the 9 crore tyngka water tank in Umthlong is wrong. b received from the office of the Executive Engineer of Mairang Division.
The discovery of the galaxy shows how the dark age of the universe ended and how light came to be. come.
At the same time, the Chief Minister expressed his regret that the state has not been able to do anything in the field of education in the past years despite the fact that the state has not been able to do anything in the field of education. The state was known as the center of education before India gained independence.
Conrad Sangma said the main issue that the NPP will go to the people is the state of peace and order in Garo Hills, the lack of development.
This motorcycle ride has national defense and social themes.
Shillong, July 06: The Students' Union of North Eastern Hill University Shillong has strongly condemned the attackers who attacked and beat the students inside the JNU in Delhi.
If it is on the part of the Hima, if the Syiem or Sirdar cannot attend, they must send the leaders of the Hima to this dorbar.
More than 100 people around the PTS School have received free eye treatment.
Replying to a question by Syntar Klas Sunn, the Minister in charge of Water Resources, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, said that the schemes have been allocated according to the Districts and not according to the Constituencies. The Minister said that the schemes for the year 2019-2020 have not yet been approved and they will look into the scheme. The Minister of Water Resources said that the government will take along the MLAs of the area where the schemes should be implemented.
Jigish Sonagaro from BillMart said that many people want to start their own businesses with the money. The MSME Export Promotion Council will not only implement schemes but will also help to raise funds. start a business on soft interest.
Shillong, July 24: The SP of East Khasi Hills District.
This is the duty of the women to do and teach according to the will of God's mercy, said the Sohblei.
At present, the NPP and its allies have 13 MDCs, but there is a belief that four MDCs who have left the party want to turn back to support the NPP in this election.
Isagahah Lawrniang has been transferred and appointed as the Extra Assistant Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District.
"During the 15-day campaign, 13,000 tonnes of plastic waste was collected.
“When we talk about such irresponsible, insulting and insulting people, it is not only wrong and unfair but it is also dangerous because it will lead to instability and ethnic cleansing and bloodshed. " said the VPP in the complaint.
Shillong, June 08: The DMHO of West Khasi Hills District today met with the DMHO of West Khasi Hills District to discuss the issue of DMHO. The Government has not opened a Health Sub Center in Langpih for more than 10 years.
At the same time, the Minister of Home Affairs promised the KSU members that the government will expedite the opening of the Nonghyllam Police Station to bring peace and stability in the area. Minister Dajied Kynsai Syiemlieh said the government has taken action to bring back from Bangladesh who was released by the BGB of that country.
The meeting was conducted by the Assistant Secretary HPSO West Khasi Hills, Bah Habadajied Marwein. To improve or assist the problems of the villagers especially the poor of the households in this village.
The Seng will once again lodge a petition against these people who cannot apply for electricity without proper documents and NOC from the Dorbar Shnong. Another 27 households have received electricity and other documents, especially those with prepaid connections who have recently applied.
On the same day, the Nongkrem Sports Club, has honored Idarikor Warshong, who has been awarded the second place in the SSLC Exam
Initially, there was a flower laying ceremony and physical activities such as Football and Basketball. beit bad you slowly slowly.
Shillong, July 07: As part of the celebration of World Environment Day on the 4th June 2016, the Archdiocese of Shillong in collaboration with Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MDC Mawkynrew Constituency held a meeting at Pingwait Community Hall under Mawkynrew Constituency where many youths of the area, parents and children came to take part.
He said that the reason why the residents of Mawsynram come to Shillong is because they come in search of jobs, they come to earn a living, they come to study dangle to improve themselves and their families, but no one. It is only this party that has come into being to unite the people of Mawsynram constituency who live in Shillong.
The arrested persons were identified as Daruis Pakem, 19, of Moolaitbri. Sumer, while two others arrested were juveniles under 18 years of age.
However, the disobedience of the Karbi has angered the entire Khasi people,” said the statement.
New Delhi, Naitung 31: The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi today praised Meghalaya's efforts to celebrate the Azadi Amrit Mahotsav and remembered the bravery of the brave soldiers of Meghalaya. State, Tirot Singh in the 91st section of the Mann.
Mr Ian Campbell, Olympian, congratulated Shri Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister Sports, Government of Meghalaya and also the Commissioner & Secretary, Sports, Director, Department of Sports and Youth. Affairs, who continued and started this program which is usually done in countries that are prominent in the field of physical education and said that if only at the beginning so many talents are found how many talented young people will find later. and week.
Only then can we reach victory.
Answering a question regarding the inability to use the DoNER funds, he said that this is public funds which cannot be allocated like that. to send appropriate schemes.
Speaking at the meeting, the MLA said that as a leader, he wants development and responsibility for the poor.
He said that this has created a problem and discrimination on the part of the government towards the deficit teachers.
Shillong, Nailar 27: A clash between police and GNLA militants today broke out at Philliport in North Garo Hills near Mendipathar.
“Bah Paul said that these Dorbar Shnongs need financial assistance so that they can strengthen the VDPs and their volunteers.
The church does not put in prayer for the MLA election to the Legislative Assembly to be held on
The Government has turned to the supply of domestic gas to households through piped natural gas (PNG) and the transport segment through compressed natural gas (CNG) across the country.
The symposium was conducted by Dr. DRL Nonglait, President KAS and welcome speech was delivered by Prof. SDkhar.
Shillong, Nailar 29: Two prominent political parties, KSU Laskein Circle and JSU Laskein Circle today lodged a complaint with the Secretary of PWD (R&B) Shillong. on the delay in the construction of the Pasyih Garampani Road.
The awards were presented by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, Sports Minister Banteidor Lyngdoh, Chief Secretary Donald P Wahlang and other senior officials who were present on the occasion.
The total number of recoveries so far is
Many school children are not able to study doctors because they don't have enough eyes when their eyes are checked. Doctors for their children for the eyes, protection is one of the most important, and especially if government doctors or private doctors come to provide free eye treatment should go.
In the past, we had only one market. If we don't take care of many places in Khasi Jaintia Hills, they will turn into Kali. For example, besides Shillong, we can say that in Mawlai-Mawiong, Nongstoin, Lai Mer, Rynjah, Mairang, Mawngap, Mawngap, Mawryngkneng, Jowai, Smit, Khliehriat and others. other places will become “markets and streets”.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma on Tuesday sent a letter to the Minister of Education, Skill Development and Entrepreneurship, Dharmendra Pradhan requesting him to take action on the issue of students in Meghalaya. The Central University Entrance Test (CUET) examination (CUET) outside the State has been suffered due to the lack of time.
The foundation has developed various programs aimed at promoting practices that can promote sustainable income for farmers, women and youth, such as in the field of agriculture. , agriculture, tree planting, soh and others.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday presented a budget of T 2,029 crore for the year 2024-25 and announced Mission 10, as the target to make the State Meghalaya is expected to reach USD 10 billion by
This is true throughout Shillong and surrounding areas.
Explaining the principle of the Viksit Bharat SankalpYatra, he said that social justice comes only when the benefits of all Government schemes reach everyone equally.
Therefore, all the appointment authorities have been directed to take a thorough inventory of the vacancies in those government departments and to follow the guidelines according to the appointment schedule. According to the order of the Government Department NO: PER(AR).25/2022/Pt.
Shillong, July 23: The Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya in collaboration with the Meghalaya Model United Nations will hold the Festival of Democracy – Road to 2023 to encourage the youth to come forward to vote.
In order to encourage them, I would like to request you to bring to the attention of the students through your respected newspaper this 16Meritorious Award for Students, the glory is great.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has urged the Supreme Court to start training for all those involved in the work.
Especially the farmers on the other side of the Khri River have been hit by stones! Initially, business went on as usual.
He said that he was in the Congress party in 2005 when he was still a student. He said that the resignation of these members of the Congress party is due to the lack of knowledge of the party leaders to manage.
John F Kharshiing, Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States, while submitting the petition, informed the Joint Secretary, NE, MHA, that the Dorbar of the Federation of Khasi States has decided to submit the petition. The Government of India has not taken action on the written demands of the Syiems, Lyngdohs, Dolloi and Nokmas of the Federation of Khasi States. , was sent to the President of India, Prime Ministers, Union Home Ministers, Union Minister of State (Home), Union Tribal Affairs Ministers, Union Secretaries MHA, Joint Secretary (NE), Chief Ministers of Meghalaya, and CEMs of Khasi Hills. Since the 1950s after the signing and ratification of the IOA & AA on 17th August 1948, between the Government of India and the Federation of Khasi. States, to get a clear status under the Constitution of India has not been achieved to date.
The decision to protest was taken after the State Government has not released the five month arrear for the 2016-17 fiscal year which remains from 1st November 2016 to 28th June 2017 and four months. The salary of 12481 SSA teachers from April to November this year has expired today, said Bah Aristotle C. Rymbai President of the Meghalaya SSA School Association.
During this visit, Bah Shylla witnessed the influx of people from Bangladesh especially in Lyngkhat where he invited them to shondur but they fled from the presence of the CEM of KHADC. Kmen Myrshiang Secretary of the CCIB said that they are not against the ksainar shiah, but what they want is to dig from Siro Point so that they don't lose their land, money they can get but land. it shall not be found any more.
There is nothing I fear more than the darkness of the night.
The Union Home Minister, while informing through 'X', said that the group has been involved in anti-national activities and to fight to make Jammu and Kashimir the territory of Jammu and Kashimir. that Muslims.
She said there had been talks between the former leaders and ministers of the previous government.
Shillong, July 21: The Union of Rangbah Kur of Hynniewtrep Hills District today met with the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Teinwell Dkhar and the Leader of the Opposition, Bah Lamphrang Blah. to pass the KHADC (Clan Bill)
A Joint Resident Commissioner and an Additional Resident Commissioner have been appointed at Meghalaya House in Kolkata, while officers on special duty have been appointed in Guwahati and Vellore.
Referring to the election, he said that the victory will be in the House. There will be an attempt to invite people not only from the UDA but from others as well. Teinwell believes they will win the House tomorrow.
On this occasion, Bah HS Shylla, who is also a member of the PDF, said that to know the number of paid, they should have filed a motion of no confidence. The UDP and the HSPDP have not supported the motion.
Shillong, Nailar 05: A group of Garo Hills State Movement Committee (GSC) in New Delhi to inform the central government authorities regarding their demand for Garo Land. The group has submitted a petition to the Minister of Home Affairs, Rajnath Singh.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said that the entire Government is now working for this instead of leaving the health work in the hands of the health department.
A Food Safety Van for Garo Hills was also launched by the Chief Minister.
On the other hand, the party expresses its deep sorrow and loss over the loss of this young man within the party.
Hepatitis B Vaccination protects hospital staff to fight against this blood-borne disease which can lead to death, Hepatitis B Chief Sanitation Officer expressed his gratitude to the Director and Medical Superintendent for the ability to conduct this vaccination which will benefit about 500 employees in the first phase.
“Kong Khongdup expressed her gratitude to all those who have worked hard and advised them to continue to work hard to improve the livelihood of the people in the villages, in the state and in the country as a whole.
The meeting was special as this is the first time that the District will prepare for the election.
The award ceremony was attended by MDC Chanky Lyngdoh, Educational Secretary KSU JHDU and others. Members of KSULaskein Circle and others.
The meeting was also attended by Bah Khlur Sing Lyngdoh to discuss what the BJP should do in the upcoming elections in Meghalaya.
They forcibly changed the name of Nongmensong to Lalchand Basti.
Meralborn Syiem asked a question on the implementation of the Environment Impact Assessment. Forest Minister James K Sangma informed the House that permission has been given through the Environment Impact Assessment. EIA 160 projects in the state from 2008 to
Pala said that to win an election is not only about money, but also about the foundation on which the party stands, the character of the candidate and the trust of the people.
Mawlai MDC Bah Teiborlang Pathaw said that as a leader elected by the people of Mawlai Constituency, he has no hesitation to work for the benefit of the people in the constituency.
There was a strong sense of responsibility for their achievements.
Furthermore, 15 more students of IIM Shillong have been selected to receive this award for their hard work in their studies.
For example, not only on the Assam-Meghalaya border, the Assam government is willing to use Nepalis in Langpih to occupy the areas within the Meghalaya border.
The skull was first found by passers-by who immediately informed the police and they went to investigate and took the skull for further investigation.
There were 8 winners in different categories from two groups A and B according to age groups and among the participants Greatmercy Langte won the title.
He also said that the leaders of the All Assam Students Union (AASU) said that Bah Bull is indeed a leader who cannot be compared with anyone else.
The launch of the 'AapkeDwarAyushman' campaign by the Prime Minister is a step towards his goal of ensuring the access of all beneficiaries to ensure the full implementation of the benefit schemes.
It is requested to repair it better so that it will be a great blessing to us the people of this area.
The union demands that the village authorities should no longer issue NOCs openly as the issuance of NOCs has led to the freedom of foreigners to trade.
Shillong, Lber 30: Three Chiefs of Mylliem Hima have signed a letter to the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government to complain against the border settlement agreement between Meghalaya and Assam. places where there is no mutual understanding.
Shillong, July 30: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah K.Skan Rani, Leader of the HNYF, said that the CAB 2016 will destroy the Khasi people. Prestone Tynsong today said that the Cabinet meeting today has decided that the permit to build houses outside the Municipal areas will be handed over to the District Councils. .
In a letter sent by Pala, he said that the road from Umtyra, Semasi to Nohkhara in Meghalaya and to Lubang in Karbianglong of Assam should be converted into a highway.
Civics and Economics with 17 marks, Internal Marks with 20 marks and Map with 4 marks according to the Blue Print will be copied by MBOSE to all schools in
Until now, this village has fallen under the jurisdiction of the Wapung area.
He said the HSPDP once again stands up to demand from the Government of India to amend the 6th Schedule and to empower the people to remove the hand of the President and put the hand of the Governor in the 6th Schedule. Schedule so that the Government shall have the power to enact land laws.
Even if the government wants to do it, there are many problems.
Ampareen Lyngdoh said the implementation of the 33% women reservation for women.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: After seven days of the 7th Elite Men's National Boxing Championship, 26 boxers have reached the final to compete for the title on Thursday.
Regarding the collection of revenue from the groundwater by the government and the share of the districts has been given by the government even in the midst of these actions by the employees of GHADC, he asked whether how the employees have not received their salaries for 30 months and this is the same problem for them and how these employees of GHADC live without salary.
Samir Singh's campaign was supported by the Ministry of Home Affairs.
There was also a Musical Concert held at the NEIGRIHMS Auditorium to raise funds for the patients suffering from tuberculosis.
The death toll has risen to 14, nine from East Khasi Hills, two from Ri Bhoi, one from South West Khasi Hills and one from West Jaintia Hills.
“This is not new, when there is any incident, since previous years we have known that the group that has been arrested is the KSU. Any incident of clash between the mynder and the Khasi or whether it is the mynder or not, we know exactly that the group that has been involved in the Government is the KSU.” It doesn't matter if they do that but we too stand on the foundation and yesterday we went to tud and our members also especially those who were robbed from home went when you robbed from home you didn't get, kem now.
Members of the KSU have closed down their offices in Shillong and surrounding areas due to the disrespect for Behdieñkhlam.
Thomas Passh, President of KHNAM State Youth Wing.
On the other hand, the new Chairman said that she will do her job without any hesitation or hesitation to do what is right.
KSU West Khasi Hills District Unit and KSU Ri Muliang Circle on the same day rushed to the village to reassure the Khasi residents and to inspect the village. what happened from start to finish.
Shillong, November 21: To facilitate the movement of the people of the North East, the Central Government today allocated an additional T.180 crore for the improvement of the North East Road. Shillong Airport.
On the other hand, the Minister said the government has held three meetings with the District Councils on the Sixth Schedule Bill and has also had a meeting with the Central Government.
Ms Ampareen said that the term of office of the ASHAs is two years and their term of office can be extended in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnongs and the Village Health Council.
All stores will be closed on January 22 and 23, 2021 Saturday and Sunday.
At this meeting, they decided to hold a sit-in protest on the 18th of this month near the Additional Secretariat. The CCIB has demanded that the current Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District should be removed from the post. This inspection of public land has led to the enactment of Section 186 CRPC, which prohibits people from harassing government employees.
Two General Secretaries, Dr. Manas Das Gupta and Mukul Das, were also appointed.
The Legislative Assembly and the people should be clarified why this goal has not been achieved yet.
Dr. RS Thangkhiew received this award for her hard work and leadership in the health sector in Meghalaya.
At present, the second floor of the market in Laitumkhrah has become a nightclub for unknown persons because of the lock in front of the gate while from behind there is a path to climb without behind the door.
In this article it is mentioned that India's thinking in relations with other countries has brought about a change and it is clear that it is moving towards a great way of working.
This can pose a threat to the environment.
He also warned that the Shillong Golf Club should notify the Dorbar Shnong of any activity in the future but otherwise the Dorbar Shnong will close the fee for entering the GolfLink Ground.
The officers said that the workers had worked hard all night until 4:00 pm to rescue Bah Marshall but despite the hard work which lasted for 24 hours they could not find him.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The Women Empowerment Committee of the Legislative Assembly headed by Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh today summoned the two Superintendents of Police. of the committee.
The petition states that the Executive Committee of GHADC has discussed this issue and the GHADC has not kept its promise as discussed.
Speaking on the occasion, the DC said that he will send a letter to all the cement plants in the district to discuss the matter.
The Sordar of Mawsawa, the land owners and residents of Mawsawa said that this pig farm is one of the government's efforts to improve the economic development of the people living in the area. rural through agriculture.
On this day, the members of the JAC entered the KHADC building although the police tried to block them at the gate of the KHADC. The Lyngdoh of the Sohiong Hima immediately handed over the raid of Nongwah Mawtamur to the Jirang Hima.
Many offices of companies, agencies and banks have opened and operated today which is the Shad Suk Mynsiem of the Hima Mylliem. They are the followers of the Traditional and Tre religions especially when this day is a public holiday for the two districts of East Khasi Hills and Ri Bhoi.
On the other hand, Bah BJ Laloo, Chief Superintendent of Police, Shillong, announced this decision today.
He explained at the meeting about the activities to be carried out for the dissemination of information to various places.
Shillong, Naitung 03: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 460 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills. There are 4584 cases to date.
In the second half, Shillong Lajong changed the game and scored again in the 75th minute through a penalty shot by Renan Paulino De Souza.
If the authorities do not take action, the union will consider and added to provide the necessities of the CHC such as X-rays and medicines.
The awards were distributed by Rangpher Rynjah, PD Nongrum and Chief Guest Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem.
Shillong, November 29: The eastern part of Meghalaya is known as the Ri War area and this area has been the home of soh u pai since ancient times and is known as Sohra.
Jowai, Nailur 25: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) Mukhap Unit today expressed its gratitude to the Minister in charge of MeECL, Bah C Ymbon, CEO of MeECL Jaintia Hills and also to The entire office from the SDO and others who took care of the grievances and suffering of the people of Dong Thymme in Mukhap village, where they went to install a new transformer in this village.
There are 5,878 people under home quarantine.
These LCSs have their own challenges, they are located in remote areas without mobile network or optical fibre.
The Prime Minister said that there are some parts which he cannot disclose to the public so that it will not affect the investigation into these incidents. he shot peacefully in the state.
Shillong, July 14: The Confederation of Ribhoi People (CORP) through its Organizing Secretary has warned the Gate District Councils against illegal collection of money on the roads in the rural areas. After receiving many complaints from the residents, the union has received many complaints from the residents.
The Prime Minister said that the situation in the country is like a social emergency.
The Seng which looks after the welfare of the country and the nation once again urges you to take action because why can they drive these vehicles to other places? should be able to earn free illegally here as long as they want.
The raid was also conducted at Golflink and the raid was conducted at Golflink. The raid was conducted on vehicles parked at Golflink. vehicle is in accordance with the rules laid down by the Election Department.
Therefore, we must work together to bring peace and stability in this region.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, who is in charge of the Trade and Industry Department in KHADC, said that from now on, we will not issue trading license anymore because it affects the country and the nation. .
The government first targets illicit money outside India.
The investigation team has launched an investigation into the allegation that the CPWD has charged T.98.69/- lakh for the construction of residential buildings. at Tura Campus which has its own differences.
This is a statement sent by the office of the Unitarian Youth Church Jowai.
To open up any new job which has not yet been opened, if any private individual or company cannot send the DPR to any government department under the scheme, the Cabinet has approved the “Switch Challenge Method".
“As you have given me three days, I will do it,” the Vice Chancellor promised in front of the students who strongly opposed Nantu Das.
Speaking to SP News Agency, MBOSE Joint Director M Marbaniang said that parents and schools can still sell them to the children as most of them are the same. There are three subjects, English, Science and Mathematics.
"It is up to the wisdom of these three how they will interact with other MPs in the North East," he said.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 7 deaths have been reported today, 6 deaths from East Khasi Hills, 5 deaths from East Khasi Hills, 2 deaths from Ri Bhoi. The death toll has risen to
The union also requests the foreigners who are permanent residents of Meghalaya to support the KHADC in the issuance of rading licence.
Shillong, November 10: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Laskeiñ Circle will hold a meeting on 10th November 2023 under the leadership of Javelin Shadap Manner.
Police have recovered two 7.62 pistols, two magazines and 40 unused bullets from the suspects. in the murder of another man whom they had taken away without knowing his name to this day.
These will be completed after an inspection by the elected members of the Durbar 3 Shnongs in the presence of PWD Engineers and In-Charge Traffic Police Branch Shillong sometime after Independence Day.
Shillong, Nailur 20: The Meghalaya People's Committee on Aadhaar (MPCA) today received information that some villages in Bri U Hynniewtrep, have evacuated their residents, churches have been closed. Churches have their members just because they don't have Aadhaar.
Ronee V Lyngdoh, Spokesperson of the Opposition in KHADC, also expressed his regret over the mismanagement of the current EC regarding the proposal to amend the Sixth Schedule. in relation to the rule laid down for the appointment of ethnic groups which do not yet have leaders.
The Government is determined to strengthen FM connectivity in the country.
Shillong, July 28: U Badshah Malik, 49, Shillong, has been stabbed by unidentified persons at 9.45 pm this morning.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) Central Body (JSU) has been opposing the proposal and demand of the Union of Dorbar Shnongs of Shangpung to relocate the Division. from Jowai to Shangpung.
The Khaddar rule, the new village structure and the influx of settlers to Shillong in the 15th century have led the Khasi people to distance themselves from their family religion, village religion. thaw bad religion it religion kingdom.
It is alleged that the wise man should not be given money and thus be deceived in many ways.
Out of the five MLAs, seven MLAs from different political parties have resigned from the MDC seats of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and JHADC. the fear of being called named.
According to the guidelines, the market will be held between India and Bangladesh where 25 shops from India and 25 from Bangladesh have been allowed through cards and owners or traders residing in This market is open to the residents of the villages who live within a radius of 5 km according to the total number of people around the area where this market is held.
The HNLC through Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw General Secretary of the HNLC has expressed its readiness to talk peace without any conditions.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah urged the residents to take precautions to get the Tikka as even if people get infected with Covid-19 after getting the Tikka, they don't suffer severely.
Police are now looking forward to arrest these members of the group.
Shillong, Naitung 13: Speaking in the House today, Bah HS Shylla, the new CEM of KHADC, said that he was elected as the CEM of KHADC. He said that Bah Pynshngianglang Syiem has treated the KHADC as his personal representative.
““Because in the MRSSA 2016, not only foreigners will be registered but also our people who come from other villages especially in Shillong will have to register.
Police have arrested Rashendra Paul (39) of Jail Road, Shillong, Tapas Paul (21) of Jamunamukh, Nagaon, Pradeep Das (29) of Senshua, Nagaon. Tarender Das (38) of Amsui, Nagaon and Bhutka Das (30) of Amsui, Nagaon were seized from the suspects.
And through this you will keep the desire to better yourself," Modi said.
However, as the government has taken action on the demand for ILP, the minister said he does not want to see any unrest in the state.
More than 3 crore rupees are needed per annum but our people from time to time do not need them.
The most time-consuming discussion was on the new police station as it has a connection between East Garo Hills, North Garo Hills and West Khasi Hills and the road to Garo. The Hills are located in Shallang.
Other speakers on the occasion were Dr Alaka Desai Sarma, Dr CR Sarkar, Registrar of USTM. .
The research team of the Riti Academy has found that there are four breeds of horses in the state, both new and unmated with foreigners.
Such activities were held at the Visit Bharat Trade Camp held at Laban Last Stop in Shillong today.
The Autonomous District Councils are not Departments of the State, but are Autonomous Bodies with their own rights under the Sixth Schedule and the AD Rules
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: The election for the new Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will be held tomorrow at 11.00 am, said the Secretary of the Legislative Assembly. Teinwell Dkhar of the UDP supported by the United Democratic Alliance (UDA) and the HSPDP have filed their nomination papers today for the CEM election. the NPP and the UDP have 14 members.
The export of rice was estimated at Rs 173.03 crore in 2019-2020, Rs 235.65 crore in 2020-2021, Rs 203.30 crore in 2021-2022 and Rs 382.72 crore in
On 03/09/2019, the Special Court convicted Bah Sebarin Nongkynrieh of rape and sentenced him to 14 years imprisonment with a fine.
For those with disabilities who work as Muster Roll in various government departments, the Government is requested to accept them as Government Employees who have completed Grade D. According to the RPWD Act Chapter VI section 33 (clause i-ii) The Federation urges the Government to appoint another member of the MPSC and DSC to oversee the recruitment of persons with disabilities.
This is the dance of the jaidbynriew which the government has declared a public holiday and this dance is held every year in which all the residents of the state honor and remember since the state government has passed. HANM, a civil society organization in the state, has declared a special holiday but there are several departments in the state which are not working.
Tynsong said the Government will send the proposal to the Governor Phagu Chauhan for approval.
The program started at the auditorium with the lighting of the lights and after this a speech was delivered by Swami Hitakamananda Maharaj, Secretary Ramakrishna Mission, Shillong. Swami Vivekananda on religion around the world and the acceptance of the order of all religions that lead together to a common goal.
Shillong- Naitung 23: The Seng Kur Warjri has confirmed its 41st branch at Siejiong, Mawkasiang.
Shillong, July 21: The Center for Policy Research and Analysis at IIM Shillong today organized an e-symposium on 'Tourism (Opportunities in NER' under the e-Symposium Series on Emergent North East India: Strategic and Developmental Imperatives.
At present, the village has taken measures to resolve this issue so that there will be peace and order in the village.
The state in the past three months has experienced many protests and curfews and losses in many ways even human lives have been lost in these protests in the past months. depth.
There are mules made to accommodate children, as well as adults, and are covered with siej and covered with snieh, so that they can be comfortable and pleasant when people sit on them.
Most of the people who attended the march were from two districts of Jaintia Hills, others from West Khasi Hills District, South West Khasi Hills District, and also some from Jaintia Hills District. leader of Garo Hills District.
He also promised to distribute from the MP scheme to churches, prominent organizations, schools, MLAs, MDCs of all parties, and especially to the Dorbar Shnongs, Raids and Hima/Elakas in the rural areas. because there is no municipal or urban department.
It is learned that the reason why the church had to suspend the training is because of the ban on the arrival of foreign aid since
They were handed over to the Mawdiangdiang Police Out Post for further investigation.
The Congress is still in dilemma whether to give the ticket to Vincent H Pala, MP from Shillong seat, after many of the office bearers of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) have expressed their dissatisfaction with the ticket. you are not satisfied with your MPship.
As part of the initiative to facilitate trade, the signing of licenses (ISP) for the provision of Internet services has been liberalized through the field units of the DOT in each of the six states under the NE LSA. To date, 8 licenses have been issued under the new regime.
“On the part of the opposition, when they took this decision, it was not because they wanted to show that they were taking advantage of this incident,” said Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
It has led to a clash between the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem and Bah HS Shylla MDC of the UDP.
The Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, said that 7340 samples have been taken so far, 6899 have tested negative and 402 results are awaited.
Shillong, Nailar 29: The employees of MeECL under the banner of MeECL today resumed their strike by holding the flag from today until 31st July
There are 1020 cases in the state so far, 116 cases in East Khasi Hills, 96 cases in West Khasi Hills, 96 cases in West Khasi Hills. Nine Garo Hills.
This is why not everyone who recovered will be able to donate blood.
“This report estimates that ensuring safe drinking water supply to all households in the country has saved nearly 400,000 deaths from diarrheal diseases and saved about 14 million Disability Adjusted Life Years ( DALYs) associated with these diseases.
Police said that the accused has fled the scene and the search operation to arrest the accused is ongoing.
Robert Kharshiing won the mid-term MLA election from 17th Laitumkhrah in 1990 from the HPU party.
The Chief Minister has promised to introduce strong laws to prevent the illegal entry of mynder before proceeding with this project. The government doesn't want to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners but is trying to blame the KHNAMU Chief Minister and His ministers are ready to shut their mouths and close their eyes to the demands of the people, if it is the demands of the teachers for their rights. , the demand of the contractors for their rights, the demand of the students for their food allowance, the demand for the introduction of education policy, employment policy, youth policy, mining policy, water policy and others.
However, they said that Sabratta had lodged an FIR against the leader at Umsning Out Post on 25th July, 2014, which as the leader did not demand money but only a question about the incident. The incharge of the Out Post has sent the case to the Court without investigating.
Furthermore, more than 2.63 lakh tree seedlings have been planted under the VasudhaVandan programme.
The winners of the essay writing competition were Phibansara M Rapsang Class XII from Synod College, Larisha Class XII from Govt Girls HS School. R. Reassurance L. Nonglait, Class XII of Synod College.
In a letter sent to the CEM of KHADC, the two Youth Wing leaders said that the complaint is based on the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Act There is nothing wrong with the name "Pariat" in which this person has named himself "Venu Shisupal R Pariat"
It may be recalled that the party leader, Bah Birbor Riangten, said that the mistake is not from them but from the government. pass the Meghalaya Teachers Eligibility Test (MTET) have been dismissed.
The AJYWO also expresses its gratitude to the East Khasi Hills District Police under the leadership of Bah MH Kharkrang for their promptness in taking action against this attack on our people by arresting the leaders. of the group which attacked the KHADC police and journalists.
“He said that he has convened a meeting with the aggregators to recruit more passengers and to let the public know that there are licensed bike taxis.
Dr. Kharlukhi said the truth is that the MLAs of the AITC are elected from the Congress party, that is their responsibility, but the AITC party in the state still has to be tested. in the year 2023.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the peon said, “Yes, I have lodged a complaint as you have received a copy of the letter”.
“On this basis, to call the PP without calling me, because the PP has elected me as the leader of the PP, the secretary is Bah Antonio War, to call the PP the it's your job, it's not your party's job".
The robbers took the youth to the forests of Rongmatchu near Dainadubi.
The union also demanded that the farmers should be provided with low and good quality equipment through the subsidy scheme, such as pesticide pumps and machines such as power tillers, water pumps, and others. others.
He urged all those who still feel that they are the minorities of the North East to oppose this Bill of the Central Government to show that the people of the North East are against the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill,
The HYC has requested the government and the Director of Education to take action on this issue for the benefit of the students in these areas.
In this regard, it is requested not to spread such incidents without seeking proofs.
There are family members and acquaintances who can take the child within 60 days, but according to the law the child can be handed over to those who want to adopt him.
“I have taken the initiative to talk to Nongsaidaiñ to fight the case so that they can be released from jail.
The purpose of this meeting for the youth of the state to participate in such a program is to get a better understanding of the situation of other people in this great country of India.
On the other hand, the MLA of Mawsynram raised this question regarding the distribution schemes in Mawsynram area belonging to the SPV. The Water Supply Department, Bah Samlin Malngiang, said that the investigation is still under the jurisdiction of the Meghalaya Basin Development Authority.
This was announced by the Additional Deputy Commissioner (EL) I/c Mairang Civil Sub-Division, Mairang.
Police said that at the time of his disappearance, the child was wearing a blue sweater, a blue jacket and jeans.
KSU Nongpoh Circle Secretary Baiashanlang Kharshanlor has lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Arpit Upadhyaya. .
All food distributors should have an Aadhaar Number. If so, Self-Help Groups and any organizations led by women will be given priority.
The training given to these youths is in many fields, such as general knowledge, intelligence, knowledge of everyday life, employment and many others. other teachings.
Another discussion will be on the allegation by the BJP, which is one of the parties in the MDA government, that the government has not done anything in terms of development works which have affected the people. of the state.
Shillong, June 06: The examination scheduled for 11th June 2022 in the subject Computer Science/Informatics Practice has been postponed to 14th June .
no.9615294847.
It has been seen in these days that there has been an attempt to repair the syar wells in Lyngiong and Mawsynram and this has given only temporary benefits but I am sure that it will not be sustainable. The service for many years as we have seen the work is only to fill the holes without cleaning from the roots which have been completely destroyed.
Shillong, July 12: One person has been tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District, bringing the total number of cases in the state to four.
In addition, we check the tanks every day for water.
Shillong, Nailur 02: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, on Tuesday said that the office is strict on the issue of gender identity and will not allow non-Khasi women to adopt gender identity. of children.
The meeting decided to send a letter to all departments to hold discussions on the suspension of the Government's commitments especially on the resolution Assembly of 13th April 2000 and the IOA & AA which states that the Government has no right to pass laws on forests except to consult with the Federation of Khasi States.
On the other hand, the KSU has visited the office on the 21st after receiving a complaint from the residents of the area regarding the non-opening of the office this month. village of this Block.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The candidates for the MDC election to be held on the 24th of this month have caused many people to look at which candidates have a close relationship with them. in any condition or talent.
New Delhi, Naiwieng 26: The distribution of ration to the citizens of India has been jointly implemented by the Central Government, State Governments and Union Territories.
“The indigenous people of Meghalaya are a small group compared to other ethnic groups in India.
When the BSF searched the pla and opened it, they found that it contained 105 tyngka and 105 tyngka of counterfeit money worth T.500 tyngka. The complaint was lodged at Umkiang Police Station and the money was handed over to the police.
It is clear that the Rangbah has misused his authority to invite only a few of his supporters to the meeting where he has been able to bury eitmiaw in front of the government officials without informing or honoring the dorbar. village and all Job card holders of Myntriang Village.
The union urges the MLAs of the district to force the government to sanction posts in the college and also to explain to the public about the rejection of the district by the government. The number of teaching and non-teaching staff in this College.
Shillong, Iaiong 28: A bus from Assam to Sohra has overturned into a road and many people have been injured in this incident. vehicle carrying tourists.
To revive the Shillong Autumn Festival which started in 2006 and lasted until 2012, it is necessary for Meghalaya to have such festivals to attract tourists. earth.
At the same time, Dr Donkupar said that it would be good if they could support the candidate who will win because the state needs a president in many areas, because there are bills if The state government passes has to get the approval of the president and other matters, if there is closeness, it is easier in the relationship.
The explanations of the words in the present edition are that the words that are created include Bsut (enshrine) which is a special word that is bsut in any part; Citizens are the permanent residents of the country; Prescribe is the prescription of experts according to their explanation of a part according to their skills in their work; Multi-phase is a step-to-night phase or it can be a monthly, monthly or yearly phase according to the requirements of the Khasi language. in the name of forty beasts, forty creatures, forty colors, and so on, it means that it is not exactly forty times or forty times but forty times or billien.
It is surprising that the Governor of Meghalaya would admit that Meghalaya has grown well through this MUA2 Government, perhaps this new Governor is still allowed to mislead.
He said that Tibet as it is until now is united and this action of China has strengthened them in unity. China has invaded Tibet by invading. In 1950, at the same time, the UN adopted three resolutions but they did not work.
The Dorbar Ki Dolloi led by Ma K Comet Rymbai, Dolloi Elaka Jowai, has decided to urge all the Rangbah Shnongs, Rangbah, Longkmie, Youth, Women and Men, children of thousands to attend the meeting. to the Fourth Peoples Parliament on 13th February 2013, to discuss the demands for recognition under the Constitution of India. Raliang, Nongbah, Amwi, Darrang, Narpuh, Maskut, RN Parien, JSU President, D Laloo, MPUF President, Rangbah Shnong, Secretary Village and other other.
According to the order of the village, these households have been forced to leave the village.
Even at the funeral home, the police did not stop and tied up the mourners.
On the same issue, the Chief Minister will meet with other groups on 31/5/2023, at the same time the committee will meet again on the same day at 2.30 pm. All political parties were invited to express their views and opinions on that day so that this issue can be implemented in the future and once again the VPP was invited to take part.
Even the Government Ministers have gone to the market to resolve the issue of kilo cut.
The state of Meghalaya is still in poverty.
The president of the Malki Youth Association, Bah K Warlarpih, said that this is not an intention but the act is to destroy the vehicle. it was an Ambulance.
“Sangma also met with former wrestling stars like Shiva Thapa and Amit Panghal, former wrestling stars of the state who are now coaches Torak Kharpran and Roshni Bhusal.
The games will be held in seven cities of Ahmedabad, Gandhinagar, Surat, Vadodara, Rajkot and Bhavnagar.
The Executive Engineer of the Shillong Municipal Board said that the office has also received information regarding the loss of the light in Motphran, but they still have to see whether it has been handed over. and em to the Municipal.
Friends, in the midst of the darkness spread by disease, we must move forward to light and hope.
Aenam Jyrwa has also been selected to play for FC Metz, France. The club is based in Metz, Lorraine.
: The Session Judge, West Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday sentenced Aloi Suiam to life imprisonment after finding sufficient evidence to prove that he was guilty. who was involved in the murder of a man in Saphai village on 29th November,
The KSU has expanded its offices across the Bri U Hynniewtrep as part of the efforts to strengthen the work of the Seng.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, since the outbreak of the disease in Meghalaya, 93826 people have tested positive for COVID-19, 92229 people have recovered and 92229 people have died. of this disease 1593 cases.
Shillong, Nailur 11: U Chief Minister of the National People's Party (NPP) Conrad K Sangma today said that the party will contest alone in the Assembly elections in Manipur without any alliance with the party. other parties.
It is learned that the Suma from Tura to Shillong has been affected by the suspension of commercial vehicles throughout the state. , such were allowed to return to their homes.
He said that the DHS has already sent a letter to the Government that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare is in dire need of skilled personnel who have worked during the outbreak of COVID-1
When asked, she said, “It's true that they (Police) are looking for Reebok.
Other speakers at the handover ceremony were Bh Bindo M Lanong, Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa,im Ainam Syiem who donated T.25000/- - Bantylli Nari, Chairman of the Dorbar Shnong Nogthymmai.
All the field offices of the Ministry of Labor of the Central and State Governments as well as the Regional Offices of EPFO ​​and ESIC attended the meeting.
The Chairman of COMSO said that in the coming days they will meet with the leaders of the Congress, BJP and the United Progressive Front (UPF) to seek their support. They also urged the government to support the decision to implement the ILP in the upcoming special session.
Members of the Autonomous Councils attended the meeting at Pinewood Hotel Shillong.
Nongpoh, Naitung 02: A fire broke out in the house of Dari Hun Kurbah in Mawrong village, Ri Bhoi District at 6.30 pm on Tuesday night. .
The campaign was made in the form of a 60 second short film directed by world famous actress Mary Kom.
In his speech, the Additional Chief Secretary, Bah PBO Warjri said that the relationship between all living things is so close that it cannot be separated.
The party also does not agree that the government or the legislators should introduce laws to count foreigners from Bangladesh, Pakistan and Afghanistan, Indian citizens if they are Hindus and others if they come to India. India without proper books.
Speeches were also delivered by the Village Authority and Sports Club Umran Niangbyrnai who expressed their gratitude to the late Bah Martin N Majaw, MLA and Minister of Law, Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The High Court of Meghalaya today heard a case filed by Bah Latiplang Kharkongor on the introduction of the Administrator Rule in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). The High Court of Meghalaya today fixed the date for the hearing of the case on the 12th of October.
Many supporters of the NPP party were present to listen to the speech of the Chief Minister at the public meeting. This was announced by the Prime Minister on Twitter.
Shillong, Nailur 30: Heavy rainfall in these days has caused landslides across the state, but no casualties have been reported.
Because as of now they have to transfer all the bank related works to Bhoirymbong.
“This has become a path that has brought great error to the human race on earth.
The Diocese of Jowai was established in 2006 after separation from the Diocese of Shillong and has 1,20,275 Catholics, 23 Parishes, 30 Priests, 41 Religious, Sisters and 313 educational training centres.
Citizens can access information on cleanliness activities through a special IT platform, Swachhata Hi Seva – Citizens Portal.
The union has also sent a copy of the complaint to the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, Bah BS Sohliya, the Chairperson of the MHRC, the 2-in-command of the BSF and the Minister of Home Affairs. The Police Department of the State Government has urged Prestone Tynsong to investigate the incident and punish the two BSF personnel involved in the attack on the body of Dr. Buam.
“The public is requested to verify whether it is the number telephoned for the items that have not been purchased.
Shillong, July 09: Agatha K Sangma, the only MP of the National People's Party (NPP), on Tuesday said that as the only MP of the party, she will speak for the entire North East in Parliament. The meeting of the NPP Northeast Coordination Committee was held at the State Convention Centre, Shillong.
The District Council has approved the announcement issued by the Office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima from 1st June, 2019 that the Refugee Rehabilitation Colony, Rynjah has been renamed as the Rynjah Area. The villages under the jurisdiction of the Dorbar Shnong Rynjah.
There have been 547 recoveries from the virus today, bringing the total number of recoveries to
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: U Bah Paul Lyngdoh EM in charge of Trade within the KHADC, on Tuesday said that the public and civil society organizations should inform the KHADC if they have any information about illegal trade. law.
The same question was also asked by other Rangbah Shnongs of these villages who have not received light until today, what is the reason why these villages have not received light.
The AO of JHADC has also directed the Daloi of Sutnga Elaka to provide this explanation within 15 days from the date of receipt of the letter.
Shillong, November 11: U Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA of 19-Shillong South today inaugurated two roads in Lower Lumparing village at a cost of more than T.2 crore. One road is from Ranab Village which is about 180 meters long and the other is the road from Dong Skul to Dong Siej which is about 400 meters long at a cost of T. 1.7 crore.
This clearly shows the increase in compliance of the people with the rules resulting from the steps taken by the tax authorities to encourage the people to submit timely information, to facilitate the reporting process and take strong action against those who violate tax laws based on data analytics and artificial intelligence.
Furthermore, the CCEA Note seeking Viability Gap Funding (VGF) to Indradhanush Gas Grid Limited (IGGL) to implement the North East Natural Gas Pipeline Grid ( BLACK).
Apart from the Voice of the People Party (VPP), all political parties including the GNC attended the meeting.
Six candidates from 1-Shillong (ST) Parliamentary Constituency, Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh NPP, Dr. Ricky Andrew J Syngkong VPP and Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin UDP. , Mr. Vincent H Pala INC, Mr. Lakhon Kma Independent and Mr. Peter Shallam Independent.
After the Central Government has ignored the demands of the people of the state, the KSU has expressed doubts on the issue of ILP especially after the implementation of the CAA, the law that the people of the state have adopted. Donald V Thabah, General Secretary and Raymond Kharjana, Education Secretary, said.
In the first half, the match was a draw between the two teams with no goal scored.
According to a letter sent by the union to the owners of the mines on the 12th of this month signed by the president and general secretary, they said that if anyone violates this order of the union they shall do what is right.
Shillong, Lber 20: A mother identified as Debaris Lyngdoh, 38, of Umktieh, Umroi, Ri Bhoi District, has passed away. The death toll from COVID-19 has risen to
As a reminder, the JSM-CB has received information about this incident and has immediately followed up to find sufficient evidence to identify the killer as a Dkhar resident. Ladrymbai Datsimpein has committed this crime against the child from Mawryngkneng.
The BSF arrested the vehicle after receiving a tip and when they stopped the vehicle, the four occupants of the vehicle could not produce their documents. valid leaves in relation to Shini.
The meeting was also attended by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Information Technology, Government of Assam, Keshab Mahanta; Tankeswar Rabha and senior officials of the state and central governments.
Shillong, Naitung 12: Members of KSU Ranikor Circle and KSU South West Khasi Hills on Tuesday met with the Chief Engineer (RE) of MeECL to remind them regarding the lack of electricity supply. electricity supply in Photeitsim village.
Bhabesh Kalita MLA Rangira Constituency (Government of Assam) was the chief guest at the 3rd Anniversary Celebration. Shibun Lyngdoh, President of the BJP Meghalaya, KC Boro, former MLA of Tikrikila Constituency, RL Tariang, President of the BJP, Ma Singh. Former MLA, President of BJP Mandal, Victoria Lyngdoh, MDC of JHADC, Bah Egenstar Kurakalang, President of State Youth Wing of BJP. The 'Sabka Saath Sabka Vikaas Sammelan' is also part of the public display of the work done by the NDA Government under the leadership of Narendra Modi in the three years since it came to power.
Regarding the claim that there are 106 households who oppose this, the Rangbah Shnong said that there are only 75 households who are against it.
Shillong, July 22: To raise awareness among the people on how to build their homes to protect themselves from the Jumai earthquake, a campaign was held today in Sohra.
Heavy police presence has been deployed in Motphran and security has been strengthened throughout Shillong.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: The Bureau of Information and Communication (BOC) has conducted a one day Regional Orientation Workshop for officers on the Swachh Bharat Mission (Urban) Awareness Campaign was held at the Presbyterian Church of India, Lower Lachumiere, Shillong today.
Speaking on the occasion, Trebor Suchen, General Secretary of the JSU, said that this incident in Mukroh is not the first time.
Police said they have received a complaint that there is an intention of the Muktiar to commit such a crime and after receiving this complaint they have arrested him today and the investigation is ongoing. walk.
The HSPFP in the KHADC House will continue to pay more and more as the Chairman was elected from the two MDCs of the HSPDP who arrived in the House. The meeting was attended by Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, while Telinia Thangkhiew did not attend the meeting.
Jowai, March 17: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) has met with the officials of Jio Mobile Network Company to demand that the Jio Mobile Network Company take responsibility as employers who have offices in Ladthadlaboh, Jowai, West Jaintia District to help employ unemployed youth.
Therefore, the Seng urges the Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War, Maram and Lyngngam to be vigilant in these few days because after this 8.01.2019, even if there will be no protest nothing in the Bri U Hynniewtrep from tomorrow.
At the same time, the government is waiting for the 2nd installment from the central government to release the new salary and arrears which the state government needs about 100 crore as already allocated and approved by the project. Approval Board (PAB) 2016-17 of the Human Resource Development (HRD) Department of the Central Government.
"Pravin Bakshi, Commissioner & Secretary, Information Technology, & Communication (IT&C) Department (IT&C) said, “It is an innovative and vibrant collaboration that we have embarked upon with 1M1B especially setting up of 1M1B Green Skills Academy leveraging AI which is only the second such initiative in the country.
Police in East Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday arrested a man involved in extorting money from traffickers to buy illegal drugs.
Shillong, March 07: Thousands of people have gathered at Hynniewmer to celebrate the 86th Anniversary of the Army.
Even in the midst of the busy schedule, the BSF has struggled to provide assistance to the people on the border with Bangladesh. border.
Not only that, it was found that the counting of STs as second-class citizens is another discrimination as they have fallen outside the jurisdiction.
Shillong, March 07: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Bah PS Dkhar today convened a meeting with the members of the Coordinating Committee on International Border (CCIB) and land owners to discuss the issue. on the purpose of inspecting the shiah mining in parts of East Khasi Hills District.
The President of the District Congress Committee (DCC), Bah KK Nongsiej, on Tuesday said that he has resigned from the post of party office bearer for personal reasons.
Union Ministers who were present on the occasion were Dr Jitendra Singh, G. Kishan Ready in charge of DONER and Minister of State for DONER, BL Verma, Prestone Tynsong. The meeting was attended by the Chief Minister, other government ministers, Mawlai MLA PT Sawkmie, MDC Teibor Pathaw and state government officials.
Shillong, Lber 27: The government has authorized the BDOs to issue passes to traders from the villages to buy food items. and Shillong.
It was recalled that in the past the Seng has worked with the Municipal and Urban authorities of the State Government but the Seng also expresses its regret that these Government departments often change their language and do not hold decisions and agreements.
He said that in the midst of the AS Khongphai Memorial Tournament, many children and youths from these areas of Upper Shillong have come to participate in the AS Khongphai Memorial Tournament. lympung is not larger.
This was announced in a statement by Roland Lyngdoh, President of CoRP Nongpoh Circle.
Shillong, June 27: BSF troops today conducted a relief operation for the people of South West Garo Hills at Mahendraganj. The purpose of the BSF on the border is to provide security to the people.
The program will mark the conclusion of the Amrit Kalash Yatra of the MeriMaatiMeraDesh campaign in which Amrit Kalash Yatri from 7000 blocks of 766 districts will participate.
The child is from Lakadong village in East Jaintia Hills District.
