The Seng clarifies that the peace we want does not mean peace or money but we want a solution to the political problems which have been going on since 1947 after the British Government left.
The State Youth Leader Award was presented by NYKS, Meghalaya Zone, Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports, Govt.
He said that many of the people who want to take part in the world science are not happy with the current system of electing leaders for what has happened in the state.
During the arrest, police conducted a search of his residence and found that drugs were hidden in the soap containers.
However, after that, false news appeared and the protest spread.
During the raid, police have seized a Maruti car number WB-02W-8025 which was occupied by the suspects. he took the drug.
The need for legal recognition of Khasi nurses and especially Khasi nurses.
The Commission also received a clarification from the Principal Accountant General (Auditor) of Meghalaya on the financial matters of the Government of Meghalaya.
It was under his leadership that the Pakistani troops were driven out.
The Super Market Complex, Polo was constructed by Maxim Infrastructure and Real Estate Pvt Ltd of Shillong and the SBI office was constructed by Sawhney Buildwell LLP of Dehradun, Uttrakhand.
The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, who is also the MLA of the constituency, was the Chief Guest in the presence of the EM of KHADC in charge of the District Department who is also the MDC of KHADC. Mawthadraishan, Bah Jambor War who came as the chief guest.
There are 15 cases in East Khasi Hills, 11 cases in East Khasi Hills, 2 cases in Ri Bhoi and 2 cases in West Garo Hills. There were 92490 cases and 1595 deaths.
She said that it is not from education, but the truth is whether these youngsters have that desire or not, it doesn't mean that we don't have that ability, but the lack of that spirit to fight. problems.
An intelligent nation that wants to stand on its own feet without relying on foreign powers needs to strengthen agriculture, trade and governance which stand as three pillars. the pillars of society, which can make any nation strong and powerful.
According to the latest news, the preparations for the establishment of the PDF are now in progress by the elders of the state to provide services to the people in a manner that fine.
Apbor Nongrum President of the HPF said that the road has been maintained by the drivers' unions during the rainy season. The HPF demands that the PWD should clean up the road. for the fiscal year 2022-2
It is after the use of drugs that children become addicted because their bodies can no longer support themselves without drugs.
There are 43 cases in East Khasi Hills, 33 cases in Ri Bhoi, 3 cases in West Garo Hills. Hills 170 people.
The Search and Rescue Team of the Fire and Emergency Service and Police of Mawlai Police Station on Tuesday recovered the body of a child who had fallen into the water of the Umkhrah River. I can't tell if it's a girl or a boy.
Two of the mothers who came to exhibit said that it takes a long time to make a pela, or khiew just to plant the Byrtha dew. and they burn until they can be sold.
“We are very happy with the money donated by the NEC and we will use it well,” he said.
At the meeting, the BBGs also said that the Indians have been killing Bangladeshi people on the border and the smuggling of illegal drugs has increased from this country to Bangladesh.
He completed his BA from Madras Law College in 1982-85 and completed his Post Graduate Diploma in Personal Management, Labor Welfare and Industrial Relations in 1986.
"The MPSC has requested authority to clarify on this matter and the union has warned that this post should not be appointed until the clarification on this matter is received," he said. he announced.
MeECL employees have cut off the wires that have ringed in the area and installed the wire lights to ensure that the light has been cut off from the area to the illegally built houses in Lum Survey.
In recent years, about 10 crore women, daughters and sisters in the country have joined self-help groups.
The union strongly condemns in this regard the wholesaler who has lost the share of the people who are the residents of these 4 villages.
We are sorry to say that the government authorities are surprised until we as the party show their shortcomings but in fact it is no longer our duty to encourage them to do their duty. " he said.
“We pay tribute to Reliance Pyrngap and all the health workers who serve the community, who promote the development of the country,” said Dr. Lyngdoh. the lives of people and bring about lasting improvement.
During these three days of protest, many civil society and political parties have come to condole with the teachers who have protested at the site. and he commanded them to depart out of that place.
Shillong, November 04: The President of the Lok Janshakti Party (LJP) Meghalaya State Unit, Jamil Ahemed today announced the list of candidates for the 2018 MLA elections. .
Referring to the fish farming, she said that the fish produced from the residence of the President of the country will be more special because of the many flowers and skut. The KVIC will place 500 boxes of fish inside the residence of the President of the country.
The Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, on behalf of the Government, has sent his condolences on the passing away of Various Star Nongsiej, one of the oldest journalists of the state. will have eternal rest.
“The problem of the farmers if they are no longer allowed to cut kilos is because sometimes the farmers throw together the rotten and good crops but we the traders have to take our share, but if they are no longer allowed to cut kilos, it will put pressure on merchants who have to pick and choose," he said.
He also stressed that the Central Government continues to provide all the necessities of the States and UTs for the fight against COVID-1
Bulk materials including wood, marbam and tables shall be charged T.1.75 per kilo meter per quintal.
The Medical Superintendent of Mawkyrwat Civil Hospital, Dr. W.Sutnga, said that since the opening of the 100-bed hospital, it has been less than 10 years since the opening of the hospital. he has tried his best to provide good service and create opportunities to meet the needs, that is, from the staff as well as for those who come to take medicine and those who come to bed, but in the midst of those efforts that small, there are still also flaws here and there.
At a meeting held at the MZP General Headquarters Office, many reasons were raised why the Khasi in Vairangte have the right to LHCs. He said that since the Khasi have been living in Vairangte since 1936 before the creation of Mizoram and before the independence of India, they have the right to become full citizens of Mizoram and This can be achieved if the Mizoram government provides LHCs which are witnesses to the land ownership.
Shillong, Nailur 8: The Living Bridges Foundation has expressed its opposition to the Meghalaya Basin Development Authority (MBDA)'s failure to consult with the land owners and maintainers of the bridges. The Rangbah Shnong of Mawlyndun, Bah C Khongsdam, has come forward to support the MBDA. , Shiliangjashar, Bah Esting Khongmawloh and others, expressed their support for the MBDA who came to meet with them and the land owners and also expressed their acceptance of the explanation of Sanjiv Shankar who was appointed by the MBDA. to become one of the experts or consultants on wooden bridges.
Furthermore, the Prime Minister promised to take responsibility to work with the Chief Ministers of the North Eastern States to convey the same demand to the Central Government.
Hanuman Kalamb said that the repair of the bridge is by digging holes in the inner parts of the bridge to fill the dewbilat to support the parts of the bridge that have collapsed.
The tournament will be held on the 4th and 5th June 2024 at St Anthony Secondary School, Shillong.
The training will include physical training, cleaning, how to hold weapons, how to salute, how to demonstrate customs and how to respect the flag and others. other teachings.
Bah R.Kharduit, Block Program Manager, Mawryngkneng Block, said that under the NRHM scheme, the activities they are doing are such as The most important schemes are JSY, JSSK, VHSNC, MHIS and others.
Samla Donald V Thabah General Secretary KSU Sengkmie and Samla Donald V Thabah General Secretary NKHDU were the chief guests. V Thabah urged the students of USTM and Regional Institute of Science and Technology (RIST) to come forward and work for the betterment of the country. Community.
If your children do not yet have a Birth Certificate, please take action to obtain Court Orders as soon as possible so that the CHC/PHC can prepare the Birth Certificates.
When passers-by saw this, they informed the police and the Jowai PS took the necessary action.
When asked about the demands, the KNGCSU has already sent a memorandum to Kong Roshan Warjri last year regarding the construction of the classroom which has already been used by RUSA to start in July.
About 3000 VECs from all over Garo Hills attended the meeting.
They demanded that the government should pay T.10 lakh to those who lost their lives and their families, said Nazmul Haque, general secretary of Manchachar Citizens' Protection Committee.
According to the Cabinet decision, they will work from July 2017 and their salaries will be sent through the Directorate of School Education and Literacy (DSEL) of the state government.
However, the Chief Minister's reluctance to take action on the demands of the Sengbhalang has caused them to doubt that he too is not a true citizen of the country as alleged by his Garo friends. proceed to file a lawsuit against him.
It is also interesting that at this time, the Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB) is conducting 'NashaMukt Pakhwada' across India.
The purpose of this scheme is to provide affordable foodgrains to the people.
However, they have decided to hold the flag raising ceremony from tomorrow morning until the 25th of this month.
In the past few years, all the people have tried to hide this disease and it has been left behind and it is because of this COVID-19 positive in these three years that this disease has affected the power. The brain has begun to appear and this shows in many ways and this needs to be treated.
He said that their demand for a parking space for foreign vehicles, such as at ISBT Mawiong and other places, does not mean that they are banned from coming to Meghalaya but this should be. allow the State tourists to earn a living by transporting and guiding tourists to the tourist attractions within the State.
The goal is to strengthen the basic health services in the villages, blocks, districts, regions and the country as a whole over the next 4 or 5 years.
Those candidates who have been appointed who have appeared badly in the report of the CBI or the HLSC or who have been found to have been appointed with a written request from the leaders of the people if they have been fully appointed or temporary appointment shall be removed from office immediately.
Dr. Mawlong said that in November and November 2023, the Oncology Department has conducted a survey in 11 districts of Meghalaya to examine the people to identify those who have cancer.
Speaking at the 7th PA Sangma Memorial Lecture held by NEHU, Tura Campus and PA Sangma Foundation at District Auditorium, Tura to commemorate Purno Sangma on his birthday, Editor- in-Chief of The Print Newspaper, Shekhar Gupta as the special guest speaker.
This will continue until the end of the MP elections.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi said that farmers are the pride of our country and the government is implementing many policies to empower farmers to build a prosperous India.
The Groups and Working Groups that intend to do this should be well equipped with skilled trainers, training facilities, implementation space and others.
With this decision to implement the new price, the Central Government will spend more than T515.16 lakh per annum.
Nongpoh, Iaiong 25: The Holy Heart Orphan's Home, Killing, Ri-Bhoi district, has been one of the most famous orphanages in the past. Even the civil society and state government departments in charge of the welfare of children have begun to doubt the services of the orphanage.
It is surprising that the prisoner managed to escape while in the custody of the police.
During the meeting, COMSO asked whether any arrests have been made. The DC said that every time they went to check, they found that the people living in the city had enough documents. now they have not caught even the weir uh poiwir.
Therefore, the FKJGP-Bataw Unit after hearing the complaints of the people regarding the maintenance of this road / on the part of the FKJGP-Bataw Unit which works for the welfare of the people of the FKJGP Through this statement, the road urged the PWD (Road) department and also Bah Justin Dkhar MLA of this area to take action to look into the maintenance of this road and not to be in this condition. only the joy of the villages in this area.
The exhibition showcases the Indian independence struggle through a display of various paintings.
Regarding this teaching post, the government has conducted the MTET examination but the questions have been passed and the result has not been announced yet. schools especially in rural areas where there are only contract teachers.
The agreement between ONGC and OIL has been amended to allocate 50% to oil and gas production, 30% to other activities and 20% to financial activities.
"“It is sad to see that the KHADC has responded by sending legal action instead of talking about the issues, which has caused opposition from the observers and to oppose the rights under the Constitution. "It's a people whom we respect in society," he said.
The two organizations believe that if this is done, it will create job opportunities in the tourism industry and at the same time the banks in the state can provide loans to the organization. The government has decided to increase the number of commercial vehicles for the educated unemployed youth and this will help to boost the income in the state.
Currently, Meghalaya has 1988 TB patients who have agreed to receive support from Nikshay-Mitra, out of which 513 patients have received assistance through 59 Mitras. registered.
On the same day, the Governor and the MLA of this constituency distributed clothes to 1118 people from nine villages like Jatap, Pyrkan, Umploh-Ichamati, Kalibari, Bholaganj and Kalatek. and Shella.
The meeting of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs, East Jaintia Hills District, was held on Saturday at Khliehriat (East) Club Hall to discuss the Village Administration Bill and the amendment to the Village Administration Bill. The meeting was conducted by Tbn. Bah Crosslin Rymbai, President, Union of Village Authorities, East Jaintia Hills District.
The Meghalaya Pradesh Youth Congress (MPYC) on Tuesday took part in the celebration of the birth anniversary of the Indian Youth Congress (IYC). of the Indian Youth Congress (IYC) at its office at Congress Bhavan, Shillong.
In the latter, it is necessary to ensure the continuity of the benefits that come from the various steps.
Shanbor is currently studying in Class XI at the BSF School in Umpling and is preparing to take part abroad next year.
They were sworn in by JYF EJH President Niwasly Rymbai and John Pala.
There are also those who have to pay unjust fines because they cannot complete their work within the stipulated time due to the internet shutdown.
On 2nd March 2017, a funeral service was held for him at JIPMER Auditorium in Pondicherry and a special service was also held at Emmanuel Methodist Church, Pondicherry.
Block I and Block II are the blocks of Jowai Civil Subdivision.
Fulfilling his election promises, Prime Minister Duh has introduced a special Department of Fisheries, Animal Husbandry and Dairying for the development of fisheries and by He announced the highest investment in fisheries of T 20050 crore through the Pradhan Minister Matsya Sampada Yojana (PMMSY).
The Mahotsavka has more than 320 stalls showcasing a variety of handicrafts, textiles and agricultural products from five states.
The purpose of the attempt to launch the missile today was to ensure that if it is used, it will go straight to the intended target.
The goal is to eradicate sickle cell disease by
Bansogra narzary, prez, All Bodo Students’Union Jesse m sangma, president AHAM Shillong, Amos Ronghang, president Shillong, karbi Students’ association.
Hopewell Kharkongor, President FKJGP Lai Shnong Area Unit, said that the Unit has met many times with the relevant authorities. The road by the Engineers of the PWD department, hundreds of hours and days have been in vain because until now no sign has been seen and finally the answer received is that a proposal is still being submitted to submit the scheme.
Jowai, Nailur 08: U Bah Commanderful Sana, Vice President of the All Jaintia Youth Welfare Organization (AJYWO-CGB) has submitted his resignation letter to the President. of Bah MH Dkhar on 11/08/2017 at his residence.
To make Shillong a safe city, at this meeting, all the owners of CCTV cameras in their hotels were urged to install CCTV cameras in their hotels. Identity cards of those who come to stay, the documents should be sent to the police station where they belong.
Also present on the occasion were Bah F Parait General Secretary MSOA, Bah D Nongbri Joint Director Sports Department, Government of Meghalaya. The price will be T.500/- and T.100/- respectively.
The reason for the complaint is that the branch manager of SBI has delayed in issuing the account numbers of the people who have the jab cards. sha you for.
New Delhi Jymmang 01: In order to improve the distribution of ration to the poorest of the poor households which started in November The weight of the Antyodaya Anna Yojana has been increased from 25 kilos to 35 kilos for those receiving the Antyodaya Anna Yojana.
With the assistance of the Meghalaya Fresh Vegetable Traders Association and the Khasi Jaintia Fresh Vegetable Suppliers Association, the Special Cell East Khasi Hills has launched a raid and arrested several persons from Mawlai Bye. Pass.
It is essential for rapid economic development and the modernization of economic activities.
This action of the Management is a disregard for what has already been discussed and is also against many labor laws.
He said that it was found that these works were carried out by the officers and employees of this department without calling tender to award the works to contractors or suppliers as other departments of this department have done. the Government.
Rajya Sabha MP Anil Baluni, Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma, party spokesperson for North East Rituraj Sinha, State Party President Ernest Mawrie and other party officials.
The Chiefs, Lyngdohs, Sirdars, Wahadadars, Nokmas and Dolloi were given time to speak from the prepared writing within 4 minutes.
Sohlaper, Mawiong, Ummir, Mawsharoh, Mawthumthum, Ryngksaw, Diengpasoh, Jaroit, Mawkhanu, Mynriang and Nonghali.
Shillong, Naitung 8: U Himalaya Shangpliang Congress MLA from Mawsynram Constituency today submitted a petition to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma to remind him regarding the demand of the people to get Mawsynram Civil Sub Division under East Khasi Hills District.
Napoleon Mawphniang said that as the contract workers at PWD in Ri Bhoi, they urge the government to implement the law which the government has already passed to recognize the workers who have worked for more than 50 years. full-time employees because some have worked for 30 years too.
Bah Pratap, who is also the guardian of the land, lives near the house where Aibor and his wife live.
He also gave examples of online tools that can facilitate the verification of information received.
On the government's claim that it has brought the casino to collect revenue, he said that from the milk and shirynieng they have already paid the tax, it is their duty to provide hospitals, roads and highways. .
“Why I left the Congress party, I should understand because at that time there was a party, that's why I speak confidently because he said there is no ILP, I speak with confidence because He said in the Cabinet meeting more than 100 times that there is no ILP.
The hard work of the BSF to be vigilant has led to the curbing of illegal smuggling from the border to Bangladesh, while the troops on the border have been strengthening their security at the border.
At the same time, he said that the state government will do its utmost to provide various schemes from the central government through various schemes.
There are a lot of people and organizations working for the poor and backward.
Because of the development of the whole village in the presence of roads.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has urged the youth to refrain from smoking. There is a need for cooperation between the Dorbar Shnongs to avoid the use of tobacco in the state.
The Union Minister of State for DoNER, said that the allocation from this budget alone will be T.2400 crore, for the Autonomous Councils in the region, the allocation will be T.1000 crore. crore.
He also led the launch of the Meghalaya Startup Policy
“The people who own the border areas have now been forced by the Assam government to register their land with Assam. Therefore, they will implement this Act so that they have the necessary documents to prove that the land falls within the boundary of the council.
Regarding the issuance of the certificates, the Examination Department has taken all necessary measures to expedite the issuance of the certificates to the students on time.
Other sources said that these opponents are the owners of the land through which the road passes from the farmland of the villagers living in Huroi.
In the past few days, the leaders of the HSPDP party in Mawkyrwat have sent a letter to the UDP party and this is a sign that the MLA from the party HSPDP party can also join the party. Shillong, July 02: The Minister of State for Agriculture and Rural Development, Dr. L Murugan today visited Meghalaya. During his visit to Meghalaya, he visited the fish farm at Umeit village in Ri Bhoi District and discussed the views of the farmers of the area.
Shillong, July 10: U Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MIDC & Chairman, speaking as the Chief Guest today January, 2013, he congratulated the Khasi Students Union for opening the door to the screening of various films through the Traveling Uranium Film Festival India and Ms. Marcia Gomes de Olivera, Festival Director and Co-Director, Rio de Janeiro, for taking the initiative to travel throughout India to showcase these facts.
The Governor expressed the hope that the SAFF will continue to bring peace, unity and take part in leading the way in preserving the environment. and concluded with music from different religious groups.
On the other hand, he sought ways and means to install mobile towers for the convenience of the people in terms of sending information regarding any incident in the area such as the long now there is a problem in the field of information.
In these days, there has been no election campaign, there have been claims from one party against another party in many election campaigns.
Shillong, Naitung 15: U Bah Aristotle Rymbai, President of the Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSSASA) today announced that the SSA teachers will launch an indefinite strike from Monday. in the parking lot near the Additional Secretariat.
“I cannot say anything at present as this matter will go to the Cabinet for a decision. The Administrator's Rule depends on the approval of the Cabinet,” said Hamlet.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has urged the parents to bring their children to take this vaccine. The Director of Health Services (MCH & FW) who also holds the post of Jt.
Nongstoin, Naitung 30: The Nongstoin Circle today sent a letter to the Health Department requesting for the testing of the people in Nongstoin area whether it is for the people of Nonglait. or the people who live within the Nongstoin area.
These laws stipulate that the trading activities without a Trading License by foreigners should be carefully considered whether they are activities that the indigenous people cannot do.
“It is unfortunate that the examination time has been scheduled for 3:00 pm but students are still allowed to enter the examination center until 5.15 pm until NEHU has received a notice. The NTA has decided to conduct the examination without conducting biometric registration,” said the union.
“It is perhaps because of the behavior of the staff that the people of the area have lost confidence in the CHC where the doctor speaks with a smile,” said Bah Shabong.
Shillong, March 29: U MLA of 19-Shillong South, Sanbor Shullai, who is also the Minister of Meghalaya, today unveiled the statue of Dhyanada Charan Sharma, also known as Dhan. among the villagers.
We as the union cannot do anything through RTI because the EE of North Division has not listened to the complaint of the union and the village.
The demolition of the Coke Plants has continued until June, 2023 as part of the crackdown on illegal structures.
This action of the central government has put them in a serious trouble.
During the election campaign, he said that the party will develop the youth of the North East.
On the part of the Seng, we have met many times with the higher authorities of MeECL but unfortunately the work has not started yet despite the inspection by the employees of this department.
“O Mukul Government, when did you abolish the PWD Department? What do you do to appoint a Minister of PWD? And since when have you abolished the post of Mahiral and its other officers? Where is your Annual Report, or do you distribute the public share for this office?
Shillong, March 12: The Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Jambor War today said that there are 15 Himas which should have held elections to elect the Chief Executive Members but due to COVID-1 to stop.
Speaking to media, Sangma congratulated the North Eastern Council (NEC) for allocating T.10 crore for the improvement of some parts of the market.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Guest said that the presence of this bank in this area will help the people in many ways. There are many jobs in Shillong and the state as a whole.
Speaking to media, the two dancers, who were selected for the competition, said that they have not received any special training but they have a passion for this dance.
He said that if the same officer has to visit twice, he should submit the progress report of the first visit and his ability to submit the report. satisfying and showing fruit.
He said that the formation of the MDA government is a science from above, therefore we should work for the people not to shrut but to look and work for the people of the state even in the midst of difficulties. , Whether it is border works, whether it is a metor area but we should not hesitate to do what is right, it does not mean that the government is not wrong there are many mistakes but the intention is right.
President, Meghalaya Police Shooting Club, Mr. John F Kharshiing, Mr. Neil Sootinck, General Secretary, SAM, Mr. Davis NR Marak, President, Mr. OT Shangpliang, President, Meghalaya Civil Defense and Home Guards Shooting Club, expressed their satisfaction with the progress of the shooters of the Association and expressed their satisfaction that the shooters have risen to the rank to take part in the 6th North East Zonal Shooting. Championships.
Since June 9, the NGT National Green Tribunal from Delhi has ordered to transport the remaining coal within two months, but till August 1, it has not been able to implement this because the government of Chief Minister Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma has not accepted that he has been able to meet the demands of the NGT (National Green Tribunal).
Banbatjuban Khongwir won gold in Master Men's 100 kgs Right Hand and Silver in Master Men's 100 Kgs Left Hand. Aiboklang Paul Wanniang won a silver medal in the Senior Men's 60kgs Left Hand.
During the meeting, one voice said that there is a need for schools to have the skills to help educate and strengthen the students of today who are in the midst of many struggles.
Shillong, July 27: The Election Committee of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) for the term 2020-23 has announced that the election for the new office bearers of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) will be held on The working session will be on the 22nd June, 2020 from 9 am to 3 pm at the Community Hall of Jaïaw Shyiap and Lumpyllon.
Symbut said that out of T.399 crore, the government has already paid T.251 crore and the remaining T.148 crore.
Other villages surrounding Dura Kalakgre are Oragitok, Chandigre, Tosekgre, Baladingre and Sakalgre.
JAC on Two Lane, at a meeting in Nongstoin, said that they demanded that UCIL should withdraw the tender for the uranium mining project of UCIL. We don't say we support or oppose uranium mining but we want a two lane road to facilitate and prepare uranium mining.
Shillong, July 09: Shillong Lajong FC today beat Boys Sport 2-0 in the U-18 tournament of the Shillong Premier League.
He said that this meeting with the party leaders is not only to talk about the MDC but also about the MP election.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, said that any students who have to sit for the NEET examination at USTM at 9 Mile Ri Bhoi District and the Admit Card will be a pass for and for their family members who will accompany them on this journey to take the examination.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the government is very concerned about the farmers in the state and the government is coming up with ways and means how to strengthen agriculture.
In the 2019 elections, the NPP won seven seats, but Pynshngianlang Syiem has left the party and joined the Congress party. five people.
The CSAPC will not only set up this treatment center but will also investigate why people get involved in these alcoholic beverages. or society.
However, for the North East, the project was launched on 10th October 2018 at the opening ceremony held at Anton Hall, Laitumkhrah, Shillong.
Shillong, July 07: The BJP will hold a public meeting in Umsning tomorrow to explain the schemes of the central government for the people of India in the last three years.
Speaking to reporters, he said that he has met with the candidates individually to talk to them to know about their work, their education and their presence in the country. party, from the meeting it was clear what the people of the state want.
Their complaint is that the Kurs who have the right to elect a Lyngdoh should have the opportunity to find out whether they live outside the Hima by proving through the documents they have. On the other hand, they wanted those who lived outside the kingdom to have the right to elect the Lyngdoh of the kingdom.
The development of the Ayushman card is one of the first activities under the Ayushman Bharat PM-JAY and steps have been taken to ensure that all beneficiaries of this scheme have an Ayushman card.
“Today, on the 187th raising day of the Assam Rifles, I would like to tell all the brave soldiers of this unit that the Government will take care of them.
He said that the MDA government in the past two and a half years has been a strong government and it will be strong with the participation of them as government ministers and under the leadership of the Chief Minister they will be able to to continue to work for the people of the state.
The vendors in the market have stopped without saying anything.
In this application, they have to send a certificate that they are staying in the hostel on their own responsibility and this should be submitted to their supervisor without delay.
Shnongs, Raids and Dorbar Hima which do not gather the children of the thousand or which do not convene the Dorbar Hima are sleeping Himas and put the children of the thousand in danger.
The union also asks the state government whether the bloodthirsty Dakhars who killed Lurshai Hynniewta in Ichamati have been arrested and where have they been detained?
"The Miss Northeast 2022 awards ceremony will be held on December 12, 2022 at the Community Hall, Khliehriat West, at 10.30 AM. The Seiñ Kur Dkhar East Jaintia Hills District, invites all the Para Kur Dkhars to take their time to attend the programme, which has been mentioned above, so that it will be a successful one. phieng and also completely victorious.
The residents of Mawsynram Block including Khasi, Garo and Hajong have deposited money through their bank accounts with the Meghalaya Co-operative Apex Bank Ltd.
Shillong, Naitung 16: Police of East Jaintia Hills District today on receiving a tip that some persons have arrived in the district suspected to be drug traffickers. all places to ensure that they do not escape the hands of the police.
The Minister asked whether by removing the Minister of Electricity from the issues of MeECL, this is the issue that they still have to discuss, the HSPDP party will not say anything. but it raises the question.
Bah Lyngdoh has been involved in many activities at the school since its inception.
On receiving information about this tragic incident, the MLA of South Shillong Constituency, Bah Sanbor Shullai, sent his condolences to the wife and children of Bah Sounder. and the darkness covered the whole house.
Those who have already taken the RTPCR test must upload their COVID negative RTPCR test results at the Air Suvidha portal by 1st July
Those who were awarded the Police Medal for their bravery were Bitching N. Marak, Inspector of Police, Bah Kordor Sohtun, Constable and Kingstan Momin. from the police fire department.
In the sitting category, Hubert L.Nonglait won the first place, Graham Jones Kharbani won the second place and Name Nangsan Kupar K won the second place. Warjri is in the third position.
On the other hand, Bah HS Shylla thanked the present State Government for strengthening the MRSSA and also to those who created the MRSSA, we will continue to announce them.
The MHRC has registered a case against him.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: Six new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills District, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today announced. in Hospital 2 people.
On the big days, such as the anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi's birthday on 2nd November every year, the cleanliness of the village is like a human being.
Members of the Child Welfare Committee, Additional Deputy Commissioner, ML Warjri, District Child Protection Officer, caregivers of the children were also present on the occasion.
We urge these leaders to work together for the benefit of the nation and not to find reasons to insult others.
Shillong, November 17: The Governor of Meghalaya, RS Moosshahary today took the salute at the Passing Out Parade of Chief Police Officers at the North Eastern Police Academy (NEPA).
This happened at Umnget Village in Ri Bhoi District.
Members of the NCC from all over Shillong visited the scene to inspect the weapons placed by the army to showcase to the public. Many of them went to see the weapons of the army.
I believe that today's meeting was a success because there were many suggestions which the government has accepted.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi said that any strength of any country needs to fully understand the power of the youth.
At the beginning of the final, Dr Brightstar Langbang, President of FAM, welcomed all those who took part in the tournament and in his speech said that the FAM will continue to support to see that this sport in this state will continue to grow.
Shillong, August 20: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today decided to quarantine those who return from tomorrow. This is in accordance with the ICMR's directive to all states in India.
Shillong, Lber 22: Answering a question by Charles Pyngrope, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said that the government has no intention of ordering schools to run bus schools.
Of these, 6 have already submitted their report on the condition of the land and 4 have received approval from the Coal Mining Department and are now awaiting the report. Permission from the Forest Department, once permission from the Forest Department, they will be able to mine coal according to the current era.
U Bah Shylla said that he would not have returned to politics if it had not been for these issues that are important to the people. The HSPDP has misled the people on these issues.
His ministry as a spiritual leader continued after he was reappointed as Parish Priest of the Annunciation Church and Principal of the High School in Namdong from 2007 to
He added that the KSU is not afraid to retaliate against the illegal activities of the KPLT if it continues like this against the Khasi residents of Block II and the KSU will not hesitate to retaliate.
Meghalaya and Assam have one or two disputed areas and talks are ongoing on seven areas and the remaining four areas have been discussed by the two ministers. The elders will take the lead in discussing the remaining issues.
Shillong, March 31: The District Child Protection Officer of East Khasi Hills District on Tuesday night announced that a girl child was found abandoned in Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, at Mizo Modern High School, Shillong.
Technology can help develop the country.
Shillong, July 24: The Grand Council of Chiefs, which includes the Council of Chiefs, Dolloi, Sirdarships and Nokmas will meet with the Dolloi, Lyngdohs. , Pator, Rangbah Kur, and members of the Elaka Dorbar, Rangbah Shnong, Longkmie, Youth, Elaka Dolloi and Sirdarship, Jaintia Hills on urgent issues for discussion and training, are a letter from the Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India, D.O.No.
The training will be held from 10 am to 12.00 noon.
The vehicle was a Gypsy number ML0
In this regard, the Government will take all necessary measures to ensure that there will be no more smuggling of coal. smuggling and if found guilty of smuggling, imprisonment for five years under Section 21 of the MMDR Act.
This is the beginning and they will meet with other government ministers on the same issue.
He said that the schools, equipment, testing labs and technologies should be upgraded according to the modern era.
The Deputy Commissioner said that the bodies of five of the deceased have been taken away by their family members and the remaining body is at the hospital for post mortem. it is going on now.
The meeting was led by Samla SS.Niangti and members of the party.
He said that the government will breed them and distribute them to the cooperatives and they do not distribute these pigs to the people to breed them more in order to improve the pig farming industry in the state.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 96,627 people have tested positive for CVID-19, 94,960 have recovered and 94,960 have died. there were 1622 of them.
Shillong, March 11: The funeral of Selsella MLA Clement Marak was held today in Tura where thousands of people attended the funeral.
The interview for the employees was held on the 1st and 2nd June 2018 to fill the vacancies in various departments and the approval of the Selection Committee in this regard will be soon.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The Civil Hospital Shillong has received PM Cares oxygen generators from the Prime Minister's Office and the facility will produce up to 600 liters of oxygen per day. I don't want to work in this hospital.
However, the sad thing is that besides delaying the release of the results for six months after they have completed their examination, it has released the wrong results, according to what they have printed. mark sheet on the internet.
In the third category, Gujarat has the highest number of nomination forms with 658 from 26 Parliamentary Constituencies, followed by Maharashtra with 519 nominations from 11 PCs. The Parliamentary Constituency in Maharashtra received the highest number of nomination forms with 77 nomination forms followed by the 5-Bilaspur PC in Chhattisgarh with 68 nomination forms.
It is to be recalled that the entire village has staged a road blockade after the PWD department has suspended the construction of the footpath funded under the MGNREGS scheme, which the village has sought permission from. the PWD department in
He said he is pleased that this is the first time that their office; has been able to inaugurate such projects in Meghalaya as a whole.
The Indian Army is specially trained for its services within the UN Peace Keeping Operation.
The participation rate of women increased slightly from 31.6% in the third quarter to 31.8% in the fourth quarter.
The lack of these ICDS has resulted in the loss of 10,500 children in the state.
If the Seng finds or receives a complaint, it will be dealt with strongly.
To successfully manage such a tournament, especially in these times of crisis is a sign of mental stress.
The Union Health Secretary briefed on the number of Covid cases in the country and also discussed the increase in positive cases in some states of the North East.
The Prime Minister has launched the scheme on 13th June,
The main purpose of this party is for the people, the country and the nation as a whole so that they don't get their rights, because most of the money that should have gone to the people has been used by them. politician so this money goes to the politician's pocket.
“This border issue should not be played with politics, let us find ways how to resolve this issue which has been pending for many years for the benefit of the state,” he said. and the Metbah.
The price was fixed after all the members of the SCMCC agreed on the recommendation of the Minister.
Deacon Kitboklang Tyngkan is the fifth priest from Mowkyndeng Parish, Shillong Province. Deacon Paul Orphinda Lyngkot was led by Rev Paul Orphinda Lyngkot and his parents.
There are 44 cases from China, 2 Singapore, 12 Thailand, 3 Japan and 1 Hong Kong. The total number of cases from these countries is All these people did not have any disease.
He said that what would be the benefit of the government upgrading the hospital to CHC while only one doctor has been appointed to serve tens of thousands of people in the CHC.
The notice was issued through the General Administration (A) Department of the Government of Meghalaya and signed by the Commissioner and Secretary of the Government of Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the CSWO said that the DGP will agree that the law is the same for all regardless of whether they are big or small and on the part of the police when they receive such cases. Section 13 of the Prevention of Corruption Act clearly states that a government servant should investigate.
“If they say they have nothing to do with any religion, why don't they allow other organizations to hold programmes?
Since 2014, he and his followers have not gone anywhere but now they have decided at their meeting to support the incumbent MLA Martin M Danggo. He said that with this support, his party will continue to win a glorious victory in 2018 as an MLA from this constituency.
Shillong, Nailur 27: The NSS, NCC and RRC of St Edmond's College in collaboration with the Regional Blood Bank will hold a blood donation drive on the 30th November at St Edmond's College. From 9:30 pm, this donation will be held as part of the celebration of the National Voluntary Blood Donation Day which will be held on the 1st of March this month. come.
Other decisions taken on the occasion were to strengthen the office bearers of the youth parties in Shillong which has nine constituencies. government in 2023.
On the other hand, the union has submitted this demand to the MLA of the area who is also the CEM of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem. demand of the party for the benefit of the people of the area.
The India Stackis a collection of digital assets used by the people of India.
On the other hand, the Government understands the importance of the work of the police in various police stations in the state as they have to perform their daily duties and at the same time they have to investigate. also the events from time to time.
"I didn't say that we don't want anything but we don't invite anyone and it would be difficult for the Congress party to do anything like that.
He said that the Congress party has not driven them to join the government because they are thinking of money.
The meeting also discussed the issues related to the borders of the neighboring countries.
More than 250 people have benefited.
Shillong, Nailar 01: The BJP today held a protest at the party office to demand the immediate removal of the Deputy Commissioner and Superintendent of Police of West Garo Hills. The arrest of the Vice President of the party, Bernard N Marak.
Bhim was admitted to the Civil Hospital Shillong for a throat swap for testing but on 03/04/2020 at 4.30 pm he escaped from the hospital. this is the bag of treatment.
The Shillong Cherry Blossom Festival 2021 is organized by the Meghalaya Tourism Department and organized by Rockski EMG. the organization of the festival.
On the 28th, a career guidance cum training program was held for all the students, students and the public of the village.
At the time of writing, the exact cause of the incident is not known, but the Assam police opened fire on the crowd. According to information received from the scene, four people were killed. One is from Meghalaya and the other is from Karbi Anglong, Assam.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi addressing at the inauguration and foundation stone laying ceremony of key projects of the Power and Urban sector in Kerala, via video conferencing, in New Delhi on February 19, 2021.
The chief guest on the occasion was Rangbah BK Dey Sawian, (also known as Bah Bijon) former Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya in charge of the Security Department and former Chairman of the Government of Meghalaya. Don Kupar Dkhar, President of the Khasi Women's Association.
He said that if the MTC used to have IAS and IPS as MDs, they would take the same position. The count should be the same as before.
Now the word is 'jingthoh'
The Government has also taught a number of games in collaboration with the Indian Oil Corporation Ltd., and has taught the employees of the department how to interact with the prisoners.
The country should promote export activities.
It will also discuss the aspirations of the farmers of the country.
In the Extempore Speech, KSU Sawmer Unit held a competition among all the units of KSU Upper Shillong Circle in which KSU Umlyngka Unit won the first prize.
According to sources, the money allegedly misused was the discretionary grant of the MLAs. (SP News).
He also suggested that the youth should start thinking about how to produce or convert their agricultural products into value addition to their products. don't turn to others.
He said the fight is also against terrorism and money laundering. In the midst of this fight against the problems faced by the country, there have been some obstacles here and there in the elimination of illegal drugs. five hundred and ten thousand were taken by the government.
The Chief Minister said that the climate change has also led to a decline in income. to employ people and to work with the community to preserve the environment.
In another incident on the night of the 22nd of this month, two persons wanted by the state police, Miden A Sangma and Kaleng B Sangma, surrendered in front of the police. Police of West Garo Hills at Titkrikilla Police Station.
However, this method of treatment is not easy, because it is difficult to obtain proteins from the blood of people who have recovered from the disease. The elderly and those with other diseases such as hypertension, diabetes and others.
Regarding the library, the college has decided to provide the necessary books for the students of the college and also computer equipment according to the needs of the present era.
The difference is that Dn.
Shillong: Enalin Lyngdoh Nongum, 53, resident of Jaiw Lum Pyllon Block-I, Shillong, has died. no today.
According to witnesses, the truck (AP16 TS-9689) overturned due to the brake failure.
SG Khongiong, Gen Secretary, EKHDCC, in his speech, said that it is certain that the Congress will come back to power, because the people are intelligent and trust the Congress party. how corrupt governments cause many problems for the people in society.
This was announced by the Minister of Electricity, Abu Taher Mondal in an interview with the media on Tuesday and said that the repair of the bridge at Damsite is in progress.
There are many different ethnic groups and religions in India but the great leaders of the country saw far and at the time of independence they took India to become a “ Secular State" which is not religious.
She said that when Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh came to Bethany Society, she told us that the construction of the footpath will be for the convenience and comfort of the people with disabilities. They didn't want to pass through this place, but now they have decided to give it to the market vendors.
The festival, which the government is preparing to hold soon next month, is expected to attract 10 lakh visitors from all over the world.
He also launched the Aspirational Blocks Program Portal and an exhibition on the occasion.
Speaking at the public meeting, Prestone said that all this success is due to the hard work of the BDO and the cooperation of the village authorities in which all the villages within this the block where all the houses are located will have toilet facilities.
The total number of students who have sat for the Matric examination this year has reached 65787. The schools that take the Matric examination centers are well prepared to prevent the spread of COVID-19 by following the rules. the rules and regulations laid down by the Government.
The construction of the National Center for Indigenous Knowledge and Cultural Museum in Jowai and the Tribal Research Institute in Babadam, West Garo Hills is underway.
A grand send-off program was organized on January 16, 2024, hosted by the esteemed Khlain Pyrkhat Syiemlieh, renowned football coach of the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs (DSYA).
There are 144 cases in the state so far, of which 24 cases are in hospital, 20 cases in East Khasi Hills, 1 case in Ri Bhoi, 1 case in South Garo Hills. West Jaintia Hills 2 people.
On the other hand, Dr War stressed that it is not safe for the people to follow the three rules, wear masks in public places, wash their hands regularly and keep a distance from each other. one.
Shillong, Lber 01: The KJP Synod will be held at the KJP Presbyterian Church from the 4th to the 2nd of this month. The KSU has banned foreigners from selling food items, shana, or any other items on those dates in Jakrem.
The closing date for receipt of entries and fees is 30th November
All jhur will be transported only by vehicles of “ITEAM-1
Meanwhile, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, SC Sadhu said that they are now ready to send relief to the families of the victims.
This is the lack of action or vision or responsibility of the MLA to bring about development for the benefit of the people.
Airports in the four states of the North East, Mizoram, Meghalaya, Sikkim, Arunachal Pradesh and Nagaland have received the first airport in the last 75 years.
The session in 2010 has been reduced to 22 days, the Budget Session has been held for only 6 days, the completion of the Budget Session in July has been 11 days and the Budget Session has been held for 11 days. The rain is 5 days long.
“If the JHADC has the right to issue Land Holding Certificate, it should also have the right to issue Encumbrance Certificate because it is the authority in charge of the land,” said the president of the JSU. The Union has also met and sent a letter to the CEM of JHADC to demand that the Council should issue this Certificate so that the people in need can get rid of these problems.
The union also expresses its gratitude to the village leaders of Lakroh who have been quick to inform the union to work together to expel these khar poi ei from the village and the union urges other members of the village authority within the village. The Bri u Hynniewtrep should come forward to work together with the Sengbhalang and the law enforcement agencies to prevent the invasion of the villages by the authorities.
In his speech, the Minister urged the rebel groups to come to the negotiating table with the government in order to bring peace and stability in the state and especially in Garo Hills.
The meeting was held at the State Convention Centre, in the presence of the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma and the Minister of Home Affairs HDR Lyngdoh.
He said that as part of reviving the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state and to force the Governor to pass a law to approve the implementation of the Meghalaya Residential Permit. Safe and Security Act Amendment Bills 2020, soon the leaders of the CoMSO will meet with various experts in the state to discuss the implementation of these Bills. demand.
Police after taking the members of the party from the Additional Secretariat to Mawngap, from Mawngap to the party office in Mawlai Nongkwar.
The total number of students who sat for the examination was 51366, 50077 students wrote the examination and only 56.76% passed.
He also stressed the need to test the people living in the rural areas and at the same time called upon the leaders of the Village Health Council, herbalists, health centers to ensure that to end TB in the state and the country.
On the part of Sister Natalia, who looks after them, she expressed her gratitude to the MDC of Nongthymmai who came to visit them and also to those who came together on this day.
Tobacco, in any form used, is one of the causes of chronic diseases.
Besides selling piat from the market, piat has also been sold to retailers at a price of T.25/- tyngka per kilo and this will start sending by NCCF vehicles from tomorrow. on 21st July 2023 the price of piat is expected to fall.
According to the latest reports, he fled suddenly at an unexpected time. Police tried to chase him but could not arrest him.
Another requirement is that the syrnot must have been resident in Meghalaya for three years and the vendor must have been selling in the same place for at least six months and the third must have a syrnot. Trading License if you are in an area outside the jurisdiction of the Municipal Board.
Shillong, Nailar 19: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that the community spread of COVID-19 has spread in Shillong and other parts of West Garo District. .
The Seng's decision to take this step comes after we have seen the increase in the number of cases of COVID-19 across the state and the world.
The body was taken to the Civil Hospital Shillong for post mortem. The body was placed at the morgue inside the Civil Hospital.
Talking about the pandemic situation in the country, Oja said India faces the highest level of competition.
The petition was signed by Charles Pyngrope, President of the Shillong City Congress Committee.
“Ka Seng has taken this step to reach out to this village out of concern for these refugees especially those who are poor, rich and those from rural areas. The Deputy Commissioner of the district has also met with the Deputy Commissioner of the district to request the authorities in charge of the district to expedite the sending of relief goods to the village. “Such refugees have been hit by the forces of nature,” said Samla Makri. He said that although the party does not have enough resources to look after all the urgent needs of all those who have been affected by the natural disasters, The people who have been affected by this recent cyclone, but as the organization itself has tried to find ways and means how to be able to donate to those paradoh ki parasnam who have suffered such a disaster. The union also wishes all the residents of the village to be healthy and recover in their work as usual, said Samla Makri.
All the speakers praised and proclaimed the courage and dedication and selflessness of Kiang Nangbah. All those present were invited to follow the example of the good life and glorious life of Kiang Nangbah.
Bah PN Syiem invited the public to attend the three-day Mawbynna Festival so that it will be a success as there will be no entrance fee and there will be a large parking lot and entrance. The traffic pattern has been improved to reduce traffic jam.
Ms Ampareen praised the current border settlement talks as the talks have become more detailed in which they have gone to the field to meet with the people to understand the feelings of the people.
In the shooting, the militants fled the scene and in the scene of the shooting there was also bloodshed and police recovered from the scene an SBBL rifle. , dynamite and ID Cards, although no arrests have been made, it is a victory for the police that they have been able to destroy the GNLA camp. Those who have any connection with the rebel group.
He said that in a meeting with the Governors of the States in 2018, he said that it would be good for the students to go to the villages to know the facts.
Anjali Bhawra, Secretary, DEPwD, MSJ&E, GoI, said she is confident that the CRC will enhance the skills of the people of Meghalaya and over time, it will be able to provide services to all. There are 21 types of body parts.
Before the ceremony, the suit ka shor ritual was performed at the last ritual site of Kiang Nangbah 150 years ago on Moolikso Hill.
The Minister of Home Affairs said that in the past, Cherrapunji was a rainy area for 10 years, but due to the rehabilitation for development, the situation has changed.
The KSU wants to ask how the DC does not know the role of the Government and the District Council on the uranium mining industry.
Shillong, March 12: Three civil society organizations demanding the implementation of laws to curb the illegal entry of foreigners into the state today visited the area inside the state. Bhoi District has decided to set up this check post for the authorities in the presence of government officials.
By embracing the beliefs of the NEP in its teaching methods, IIM Shillong is preparing young people to become leaders, innovators and agents of positive change.
At the same time, the Minister said that there is no allocation of funds from the Central Government regarding the implementation of the NEP. ) does not have any clear rule from the Government to say that we will allocate so much money to implement the NEP,” he said.
He said that for the traders from Meghalaya who intend to buy cows from abroad for agriculture and dairy farming, a Transit Pass has been issued.
The Archbishop of the Diocese of Shillong, Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh on Thursday sent a statement to the Priests, Religious and the faithful to inform the opening of two new Parishes. within the State of Great Religion.
 Always consult ANM, ASHA, or the village First Aid team before taking any medicine.
Cut Motion- The Tyrwakam Body is the power given to the Members of the Legislative Assembly to propose any legislation in the State in case of emergency in the society.
Speaking at the meeting were Thombor Shiwat, Chief Executive Member, JHADC, Desceous Pohshna, MDC & EM, Holando Lamin, MDC & EM, Pheinshwa. Arbor Hima Darnei, MDC & EM, Chawas Lyngdoh, Raliang District Chief Minister, Moon R Garod, Nangbah District Chief Minister Manbha Kyndoh Narpuh District, Mr. Je Pyrtuh, Mayor of Amwi District, Mr. Chui Pohlynjar, Mayor of Nongtalang District, Mr. M Bareh, Mr. John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, Meghalaya State Planning Board and Chairman, Mr. The Dorbar of the Chief Executive Officer of the Federation of Khasi States.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Process said that the Minister has received these two demands of the MBCC and promised to take action in this regard. the two issues.
The 2024 season will soon begin with the Fourth Division, the lowest rung on the pyramid.
On the other hand, the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Bah M Kharkrang, said that Bah Elvis did not bring any weapons but came to surrender himself.
Speaking on behalf of the teachers, Bah ED Nongsiang Secretary, explained the challenges faced by the teachers and the challenges they still have to take in the future such as food allowance. tynmen is yours.
Shillong, Nailur 09: The Congress party today morning in Meghalaya has not called for a curfew as there is a ban against any curfew in the state.
on the one hand it is the courage of Vikram and on the other hand there is the courage of Pragyan".
Enrico D Pasi, President of the JHTOA, said that according to the letter he received, he has been directed to conduct the election for the President of the JHTOA. All drivers of trucks with 6,10,12, 14 tyres have been urged to cast their votes on the day scheduled for the election. elections.
This is one of the demands raised by the Naga Students' Union (NSU) Shillong on the 11th of this month.
On the opening day of the Budget Session for the year 2020-2021, the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya has taken the initiative to test all those who come to the Legislative Assembly with Thermal. screening to ensure that those who arrive at government buildings are healthy.
Lagging countries see this understanding as an opportunity to follow India's lead in IPRs, open source digital resources and its use to bring about the same achievements that India has. she got mad.
Many civil society organizations from Ri Bhoi District attended the meeting to listen to what the government has to say on the railway line in the district. of the civil society organizations in one voice stood up and expressed their opposition to the proposal to build the railway line.
Speaking as the Chief Guest before the launch of the Mobile App, Patricia Mukhim said, “I am the first person to introduce such services.
Shillong, Nailur 23: The Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, C Kharkongor, on Tuesday said that after the Magistrates came to inspect, they found that there was nothing and the report was wrong.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The residents of Nongjri area have expressed their dissatisfaction with the construction of a mobile tower in Nongjri area by BSNL for three years. .
The Union Minister also acknowledged that there are many differences in culture, language and customs in the country.
After finding that there are still many households in Mawlai who are in poverty and with the spirit of improving education for children from poor households, in 2003 under the leadership of Rev Father Mathew George has set up a Caring Literacy Program for poor children without payment at Sacred Heart Boys Lower Primary School, Mawlai. Purple, Shillong.
“He said that the Seng will demand to streamline the management of schools without reducing many grades or different salaries, for example, Adhoc Schools and 4th Teachers.
Shillong, March 30: The President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that there is no such illegal smuggling of coal and if there is, it is the government's responsibility to look into it.
Who can hide this loss?
On the other hand, the Deputy Chief Minister urged the trainers that these youths who have come to be trained should be able to survive after completing the training.
The arrest was made on the allegation of the driver of the JCB, Bah Paulmicky Kharwanniang.
The road behind the Governor of Meghalaya has been blocked with signs on the road leading to Pamdieng and another sign near WYMCA on the road leading to Sawforlong. don't be afraid.
The increase in Indians flying to domestic destinations is now the highest in the world.
According to the Chief BSF Officer in charge of the incident, these incidents happen from time to time, yesterday when about 300 people from India and Bangladesh were killed. They clashed with the BSF troops while they were trying to stop the smuggling and to calm the crowd, the BSF troops fired two bullets in which Asen Marak was killed.
After a while a local taxi came and they did the same.
The union demands that the government should set up two police out posts, one in Bagli and one in Khonjoy in order to make the area safe so that doctors can go to work there. It is to be recalled that during the tenure of Dr Mukul Sangma, a Police Station was opened at Nonghyllam with the aim of bringing peace of mind to the people in this backward area. know that this area is not quiet.
On this occasion, the Working President of KHNAM, Bah Thomas Passah, said that the presence of dewbilat factories in Jaintia Hills District has destroyed the environment and these have not benefited the people of the state. They are all in Guwahati.
Two other occupants of the bike, Donboklang Shynrep, 32, and Joshua Kurbah, lost their lives while the driver sustained serious injuries.
The arrival of these refugees from Bangladesh has severely affected the peace and stability of the state and many places where the Khasi have lost their ownership of their land, trade and governance. you're right.
: The MDA Government on Friday announced the introduction of NCERT textbooks for the implementation of the MBoSE for the purpose of students from Class I to Class-X from
The weight of the tyrkhong seized today is 2010 kilos and the value has reached 9 lakh tyngka.
According to reports from all over the state, the celebration of this day is not only by the government, but also by the private sector and private workplaces. day by planting trees.
On the other hand, the KSU urges the people to forget about the religious differences, but to remember that the people are one.
This announcement was issued today through the Ministry of Agriculture of the State Government.
Regarding the search for those suspected to have been trapped in the crematorium, the government will fight to rescue the people. inside the house to look at this.
Minister of State for Road Transport and Highways.
Minister Duh said the Donyi Polo Airport will be the fourth airport for Arunachal Pradesh, and through this, the number of airports in the North East has increased to
Speaking to SP News Agency, Kong Kharkongor said that the reason why many people are still suffering from the lack of permission to open trade routes to Bangladesh.
We congratulate all those who have worked hard physically and mentally.
The union also demanded that the government should look into and appeal to the High Court against the decision of Meghalaya High Court Judge Justice SR Sen who has illegally counted the notifications of the government. The state has issued a Permanent Residential Certificate.
On the other hand, the Seng urges the KJP Synod to provide assistance to our brothers and sisters in this village who have been affected by this incident as it has always provided assistance to the Christians who have been affected by the earthquake in Nepal.
I also commend the faculty and business mentors of FTII for producing these talented students.
There is a need to show strong condemnation to these people, when it comes to the ILP, they should not go to Delhi but they should work hard as MLAs. To introduce the ILP, if the ILP is lost in this state, the MLAs have to take responsibility.
On the other hand, the HYC appeals to the people to join hands in this march.
Many of the leading leaders of the UDP and MCPC have expressed their regret over the loss of Bah Sylliang's ticket. The Congress party, we will work hard and surrender to God and we hope that you will reach your goal,” said Bah Richard Lyngdoh.
Speaking on the MP, the MLA tried to explain to the people that during his tenure as MP, Vincent has tried to bring about development in the state.
The cleaning of the house and the cleaning of the Lamphang's room amounted to 3,03,267 tyngka.
The Seng also urges the residents of the village to remember each other in their prayers, especially that God will be able to remove this disease from the whole world.
The winners of the U-17 Boys category were awarded the prizes by EMH Passah, President of the U-14 category. The U-17 Girls team won against L Laloo.
The union has questioned the state government, the district authorities of East Jaintia Hills and the MSPCB who has authorized and written for Star Cement to obtain environmental clearance from the Ministry of Environment. ,Forest and Climate Change.
NIOS has rejected the result of D.El.
It is sad to know that foreigners do not want Khasi songs to be included in the list of collections.
This challenge that Patel experienced and faced makes him one of the great leaders.
How can it be that the Adhoc President of the DCC who has just assumed office for 10 months when even the DCC has not been appointed yet, has been quick to destroy the BCCs? Eureka has just joined the party a few years ago just to get a ticket from the Congress party and doesn't understand how the Congress party works and doesn't know how the BCC was constituted. to abolish the BCCs without going through the rules of procedure of the Party.
Forwardman Nongrem, President KSU South West Khasi Hills District, said.
Chyne recalled that in 2018, when CEM HS Shylla was elected, a special session was convened but the District Council did not count while the Assembly counted. to amend the AD Rule for the smooth running of the dorbar.
Neil Antonio War won the MDC election from the Congress party in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and later joined the BJP. The EC led by Bah Pynshngianlang Syiem has now joined the UDP. With this joining of Bah War to the UDP today, it has confirmed that in the MDC election to the KHADC. From Malki-Laitumkhrah Constituency, the UDP ticket will go to the incumbent MDC NA War.
Shillong, November 09: The North East Students' Union (NESO) on Tuesday said that the protest was to express their strong opposition to the army in shooting dead civilians. in Nagaland where 14 civilians were killed and many others injured in Oting village.
Shillong, July 27: The Dorbar of the Federation of Khasi States, on 17 June 2016, Shillong, on Tuesday held a meeting of the Chiefs of the Federation of Khasi States. decided to stand firm and monitor and convey that it is time for the Government of India to fulfill its commitments to create a separate KHASI STATES on the basis of the Instrument of Accession and Annexed The Agreement was signed and approved by the Government of India on 17 August 1948, and recently the Federation of Khasi State, through the Vice President, FKS, submitted the petition. Prime Minister Narendra Modi, at a meeting in Mawphlang.
It is learned that some private individuals have come to apply for permission to open new LCS, which falls under Dawli LCS in East Khasi Hills District and they have sent these to the state government, regarding Kalibali. Shella LCS, he said, has not yet received any application for permission.
Shillong, Lber 28: The Education Cell of Meghalaya has sent an open letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya requesting the Ministry of Education to adopt the NCERT syllabus. to improve the quality of education in Meghalaya.
“If they find something, they should inform law enforcement so that it can do its job," he said.
Over the next five years to meet the needs arising from the increase in households.
There are 19 JNV schools under the jurisdiction of the regional office in Shillong and all of them do not fall under the PM Shri Schools. .
Replying to this, the Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, said that the investigation is ongoing.
Shillong, Nailar 01: Sohsaw from Khasi Hills has started exporting to Bangladesh.
The Governor of Assam, Banwarilal Purohit, was sworn in as the Governor of Meghalaya by Justice Dinesh Maheshwari, Chief Justice, High Court of Meghalaya, at Raj Bhavan, Shillong today.
The Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Ainam Manik Syiem, was the chief guest at the inauguration ceremony. .
To recap, Meghalaya were bowled for 113 in their first innings and Sikkim were then restricted to 91 all out before Meghalaya posted 370/9 by the end of play yesterday in their second innings, giving them a lead of 392.
Shillong, Nailar 01: Ka KSU Mawryngkneng Circle today 1.7.2020 once again donated 1000 rupees to a family who have suffered a tragic incident. Mawryngkneng village has been destroyed by fire.
The hospital authorities have completed all the necessary arrangements and the body has been placed at the morgue of the hospital. Hospital.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has said that 93800 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in the state so far, 92202 people have recovered from the disease and 1593 people have died so far. now.
The meeting was attended by Matsiewdor War Nongbri, Vice President, MSOA and President, Paia War Nongbri, Secretary, Dipshon Rynthathiang, P Laloo, EH Passah, Executive Council Member. MSOA including Mr Ian Campbell, Olympian and others.
Regarding the use of the Smart Meter, the HYC demands that the government should clarify regarding the use of the Smart Meter as it will eventually affect the people as the users of the Smart Meter. electricity in the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Khasi Jaintia Welfare Association (KWA) invites all those who have completed their Bachelor Degree in any stream, BCA/MCA to come to the office of the Association at Umsohsun near YMCA Mawkhar. on the 11th June 2017 from 3 pm to 5 pm.
Rgh DL Nongbri also directed that those who come from the Pnar Hills should come through the Shillong Bye Pass, while those who come from the Khasi Hills should come through the Shillong Bye Pass. Mairang, Nongstoiñ for the construction and maintenance of the Damsite bridge, if possible they would like to come from the area of ​​UCC Lad Umsaw.
Up to T.1,07,71,366 crore has been spent per annum for the operation of the Meghalaya Lokayukta for the year 2022-2
In his speech, the Chief Justice of the High Court of Meghalaya, Justice Sanjib Banerjee said that he wants the school to be a place of exchange and he wants to see that in the future. will enroll more students from the state.
Bah Duh joined the HNLC in April 2014 and was in Bangladesh until the 2nd of this month.
Shillong, Lber 10: Three persons allegedly belonging to the ANVC(B) have been shot dead by troops in East Garo Hills on Saturday morning.
The group invites all the residents of the State, men and women as well as children and the relatives of the bereaved family.
The state government has taken up this issue with the central government to talk to the Bangladesh government to erect a statue of Syiem Tirot Singh in Bangladesh and it was unveiled on the 189th death anniversary.
However, the sad thing is that until these days until the publication of this news, no responsibility has been seen from the executive department.
Many times when journalists get into trouble when they write the wrong news.
“Meghalaya has given a message to the world about the environment, economic development, resource conservation and environmental sustainability,” Modi said.
This Rule explains the payment of persons and the complaints that the public wishes to file.
They confessed that they bought the ganja from Agartal and brought it to Bishar for possession in the state.
He said that the reason for this is the inability to fix the border of the year and said that the government of Meghalaya and Assam should not fix the border of the year with blood but with blood. peace of mind.
Shillong, Nailur 06: Shillong Police have received a tip at midnight that three persons have been suspected of walking and standing.
At the same time, the BJP wishes a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year to all the people of the state, said Bah Khongwir in a statement. November 22: Three music groups, Duhalia Society, Thadwang Motion Picture and Wanphai Musical Group, today announced that they will hold the Winter Mosh 2K17 at Nongpathar Stadium, Nonstoin. on the 30th of this month.
At the same time, the Chief Minister expressed his gratitude to the Prime Minister for the decision of the Central Government to upgrade the road from Srirampur West Bengal to Nongstoin under the Meghalaya via NH 127 (B) passing through Dhubri (Assam).
Self-esteem is the greatest and when there is a way to overcome problems, determination, ability and self-confidence, nothing can stop the development of the country.
Shillong, Nailur 20: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today held a march of school children from Shillong from Iewrynhep Square to Lachumier before the start of the Naingpyrsit vaccination campaign.
On 2/2/2023, 17 candidates have registered, on 3/2/2023, 57 candidates have registered.
The deceased was identified as Artis Pyngrope, 68, of Madanriting, Shillong. He was taken to Dr H. Gordon Roberts Hospital on 13/09/2 COVID-19 disease can also cause other diseases in your body.
Elizabeth George FMA, Provincial of Salesian Sisters, Shillong, to Sr.
The arrested persons confessed that they brought the marblak from Cooch Behar to a man who was smuggling the drugs.
To appoint Linemen in this village To separate the line or barrel Mynksan and Ionglang To replace the broken post bording To replace the damaged post bording On these three issues, the EE has promised before us that The office will first complete two demands except for the appointment of Linemen which he said should be continued by those working from Mowkaiaw and Sahsniang.
Those who attended the meeting were C.Lyngwa, Spl.
Although the light is available in these areas, there are still houses without ring light.
To remind, we should all ask why the Khasi state appears in the first article of the Constitution of India.
Speaking on the threat to the nation from the invasion of the authorities, Samla Shemphang Lyngdoh said, “The KSU has always followed the principles of the former leaders.
These districts have been targeted through Government policies with a view to promoting economic development.
Regarding the return of foreign nationals, he said that this should be done keeping in mind that it will not put them in trouble and also their relatives will not be in trouble. the risk of developing this disease.
This is also a message to the government that the demand for the implementation of the ILP continues and the government should not remain silent on the demand for the implementation of the ILP in the state. Meghalaya.
Shillong, July 24: After reading and receiving information on the Act on the allocation of funds to the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes by the Government of Karnataka, Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, Meghalaya State Planning Board, said: The Chairman of the Karnataka State Planning Board (KSB) on Tuesday held a meeting with the officers of the Karnataka State Planning Board (KSB) in Bangalore. The KSPB has arranged a meeting with intellectuals and NGOs of Karnataka who have expressed their readiness to advise the Government of Meghalaya, the Autonomous District Councils and the Traditional Legislative Assemblies.
VK Mantri, Commissioner & Secretary, Education, Mining and Geology and Deputy Chief Executive Officer, Meghalaya Basin Management Agency (MBMA). ) under the Ministry of Planning and the Ministry of Investment Promotion & Sustainable Development.
Pariat, who contested against East Shillong MLA Ampareen Lyngdoh in the MLA election on the VPP ticket, has been accused of speaking against the party. praising another political party on social media.
Wankhr said that if the government wants to test all the imported fish, it should conduct a test in the market for all the imported fish to open in the market in front of all the fish vendors.
Ainam Manik Syiem, Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima today came to take over the throne of the Hima after being appointed by the KHADC as the Acting Syiem. pure governance".
Shillong, July 20: The CEM of KHADC today introduced three issues from the EC in the House, namely, to abolish the issuance of labor license to private individuals, to The trading licenses issued should be reviewed and if any are incomplete, they should be cancelled. Another is that the EC should amend the AD rule of Section
In these days, the roof of Shillong College has also collapsed due to heavy rainfall. The earthquake has happened all over the country. At the time of writing of this news, no tragic incident has occurred.
On the other hand, the SSSS said that the government can set up a C&RD Block at Umdohlun or Wahkaji. The population of this area is about 4000 including the neighboring villages.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, Bah Nongsiej urged the talented filmmakers to come forward to produce films related to the culture and traditions of the people. This is the state of Meghalaya.
Therefore, the union requests the authorities from the office of BDO Ranikor C&RD Block, the leaders such as MDC and MLA of the area to please turn to this family for assistance. Shillong, July 13: In a statement sent by Samla BS Sanglein, Executive Director of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC). Shillong, July 13: On the evening of the 12th On July 2021, the KSU Kynshi Circle under the leadership of Samla Wankula Samkmie, President of the Circle, has arrested 28 mynder in Kynshi village.
At the same time, the Dorbar Shnong strongly warns against any person who commits crimes within the boundaries of the village and if found guilty, the Dorbar Shnong will take strong action against them. not like that kind of person.
The 3% unemployment quota, which was allocated by the Government under the PWD Act, 1995 and the Governor's Order in 2012, has not been implemented yet for the disabled. However, the union has already sought information under the RTI Act, 2005 and almost all the departments have not believed that the reason is because the Government has not implemented it.
The Rangbah Shnong of Mawpran, Bah Pynskhemborlang Khongmalai and members of the Dorbar Shnong were also present at the distribution meeting.
Rakesh Roy, 13, father Binod Roy, resident of Nongmynsong Langkyrding, tall 5.6 feet, blue hair and wearing white shirts and blue pants. .
NTFC President MG Kharshanlor, in the presence of EK Lapang, Rangbah Shnong Saiden and SF Lyngdoh Secretary Shnong, said that the reason for the change in the date is due to the arrival of NTFC. shower.
" He spoke on the suffering faced as chronic disease patients.
It is a country that allows its own laws on marriage, divorce, inheritance, property and others.
The new leader of the Seng said that once again they will ensure that the Seng will provide good services to the people of the area and will also stand up for the decisions taken by the Seng for the purpose of cutting down the trees. to bring the name and glory of the entire War Jaintia Hills.
On Tuesday, an elderly man from Madan Langniang village had to take a sick pig to Shillong for treatment at Sunny Hills Hospital.
SomanathS, Chairman, ISRO, praised the work of the Northeastern Space Applications Center and said that it looks into the problems in the region.
He said that the DC of South West Khasi Hills and the SP have sent their personnel to investigate but they have not accepted this because they are not experts in this regard. The reason for this is that the union demands that there should be an Expert Committee to investigate the issue of radiation.
The streets were empty and the shops were closed.
After arriving at the DC's office, the district authorities called the KNGC leaders to speak and the people were sent to wait at Jrisalein Square.
On the other hand, the political parties said that the government has tried to do good and everyone has given their support.
The day was enriched by the traditional songs and dances performed by the youth of the Kur Dkhar Circle.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Guest, Dr.KK Paul said that what is needed at this time is to understand the teachings of Swamiji's, “that we should have a spirit of tolerance among all the different churches. various available in the country and around the world".
According to the rules of RTE, the passing of students to move from one grade to another will be based on their performance and not on their examination.
He said that traditional dances and exhibition of the rich heritage of the region will be an important part of the Mahotsav.
Shillong, November 19: The People Democratic Front (PDF) today announced that Bah Pynshngain N Syiem has been appointed as the party's leader and will be the prime ministerial candidate of the party to lead the new government. came to power after the 2018 parliamentary elections.
The union expects the relevant authorities to accept this letter sent by the union and also to look into the East Jaintia region as a whole.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills said that this meeting is very important because they have to discuss many development projects in the area and this meeting is for the next fiscal year. come.
On the other hand, the party under the leadership of the president of the party of Ri Bhoi District, Bah Apbor Nongrum, has left to donate money to the family of the victim.
Speaking at the meeting, Samla Forwardman Nongrem extended his condolences to the family of the victim.
Modi will be the first Prime Minister to take office for three terms after Jawaharlal Nehru, who was sworn in three times as Prime Minister of the country.
Police have released the 16-year-old girl on the 17th of this month and the investigation is ongoing.
The total area of ​​the market is 2000 sq feet and the market was built during the time of the Assam government. “It's not the Municipal land and it's the land of the Municipal,” said Bah Pynsuklang.
The KSU should immediately address this issue and the KSU expresses its full support to the management of Lady Keane College, according to a statement sent by the General Secretary of the KSU. Donald V Thabah.
The workshop was organized by Nongrimjyrmie Social & Cultural Club in the presence of MDC Umsning, Bah Donkupar Sumer as the chief guest and in the presence of Rangbah Shnong Bah T.Mynsong and Bah B.Lapang as the President of the Club who conducted the workshop.
I pray that those who were injured will recover soon".
The inspection was accompanied by members of the Jalaphet Unit of the JNC under the leadership of Vice President Phrangsngi Chyrmang.
In both the villages, the leaders of Bah Marbelstar Warjri in Pyndeng Nongbri and Bah Korman Warjri in Manai concluded the speech followed by a public song on the Seng Kur Warjri led by Bah Sunshine Warjri, Chairman of the Seng Kur Warjri. parent company.
The important thing is that the people in power should understand why the gun is spoken and it is the duty of those in power to understand how much it affects.
Prestone Tynsong's visit to Nongstoin today was to campaign for the NPP candidate from Nongstoin Constituency. you're going to leave.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: The San Kur of Raid Mylliem, Marbaniang, Sohtun, Kharkongor, Kurkalang and Nongkhlaw-Rngie today completed the annual Iewduh ritual at the holy place. in Head of Iewdu and 11 tribes.
Shillong, Iaiong 01: The Seng Khasi Kmie, Mawkhar Shillong today completed the 1st June 2024, the Ksing Ksing Ritual, which is the symbolic day of the Ksing and Nakra. bom ka tangmuri, to announce to the people of Bri Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum, of the coming of the season of joy and happiness in the form of the Shad Suk Mynsiem.
Looking back on the next five years, the people are still giving their trust to him as an MP. Students who have completed their class XII will be able to study in colleges.
In Nongstoin, an Alto car plunged into the water, two people were killed, one is still missing and three others survived. Four people were injured, one in Madanriting and three in Mawlai Umthlong.
Earlier, the CBDT had extended the deadline for submission of Form 10A/Form 10AB by trusts, working groups and funds several times to alleviate the problems faced by taxpayers.
Out of the 10 contestants, Samla Kit Kupar Nongsiej came first and received a cash prize of 35,000 tyngka.
The program was conducted by Ma Jolbi Sana who is the chairman of the programme. The first speech was delivered by the Rangbah Shnong of the village. He said that there has never been such a donation from the international organizations in this village as far as I remember. , but only the BJP has started to come forward to bring this encouragement to the school children in this village.
Treiborlang R Suchen, President JSU (Shillong Circle) who is also a resident of the border areas, said that the influx of Bangladeshis is not only in the past few months but has been happening for a long time. sha you for.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The language is one of the original snaps of the nation and in Khasi thought it is based on three pillars of humanity – the Earth, the Language and the Kur.
KHNAM SYW has met with RV Suchiang, State Public Grievance Officer to ensure that the government takes action to implement the Act.
This day will last and will be a great day for the whole nation.
: The head is the longsan mansan in the administration of the kingdom or state;
The most interesting thing is about the fourth, who worked as a kitnong daju for about 3 years.
“Even in the past, the Khar Assamese were the ones who used to fish in the Kupli River to catch fish,” said Samla Niangti. “It's just that there is a spirit of jealousy against our people and there may also be a threat from some of the rich people from our area who want to implement the Mining Policy in the state,” said Samla NiangtiKhatduh. “The people of the state should not lose hope and the party will not allow the Government to stop or knieh the plate of food of our fellow citizens,” said the statement.
Some people can send you the necessary documents.
“Since Prime Minister Narendra Modi came to power, he has worked for relations with others, he has improved India's relations with the US, Japan and Russia and other countries. and groups in the region," Professor Zhang said.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Ranikor Circle on Tuesday warned the people from other districts who intend to take part in the Beach Festival near Wah Kynshi in Ranikor on the 19th and 20th of this month. The Tourism Department of the State Government, on the 1st of this month, has warned against drinking or swimming in this river which flows through Ranikor.
The election manifestos will be launched at a meeting to be held at Pinewood Hotel Shillong where all the 36 party candidates from Lum Khasi will be present tomorrow. .
These great deeds have been a blessing to the Khasi people.
Regarding the social agreement between the UKJADC and the Assam government during the construction of the dam in those years ago, he said that the KHADC is still seeking the permits from MeSEB which is now MeECL. to preach the truth.
: The Final Rolls for the Special Summary Revision for the 60 Assembly Constituencies have been released on the 5th of this month. this month.
The KSU demands that the government should appoint a team of inquiry and punish all those involved in this theft. The closure of the dam will take strong measures.
During Atalji's tenure, with special attention, a separate department was set up for the North East and now under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
There is no finality with respect to any law or its enforcement.
During the meeting, the BSF held talks with the Bangladesh BGB troops to demand that they should end the presence of Indian insurgents in the north of the country.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: The protest will be held in all the cities of the North East by student organizations according to their states under the banner of NESO. Meghalaya has sent all 108 Ambulances operated by MEMRIWU to Lawmali and other places where there are no Ambulance vehicles operated by GVK. Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District said that the order has come from the state government through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. by the Secretary.
Shillong, Lber 19: The concluding meeting on the health training program for the past three months was held today in Shillong.
Answering a question, the DC(A) Minister said that the date cannot be announced until it comes from the Governor, but he confirmed that the mid-term MDC election will be held in JHADC. and seven in KHADC will be held in November.
One of the objectives of India’s development policy should be to bridge the gap between the developed west and the backward east.
In addition, they have been named brand ambassadors of the Don Busco Media Network.
For this we cannot help but thank the countless freedom fighters who sacrificed their lives to bring us here.
On the part of the Diocese of Shillong under the leadership of Rev. John Madur Diocesan Administrator, the ordination of priests was very successful and the new priests were ready to cooperate with the Diocesan Administrator.
Up to 10 kickboxing players from Team Revolution, Tribal Combat, Aireng MMA-Club Mawlai have been sent under the banner of MSKA to participate in the tournament in New Delhi. of the ten, eight returned with medals comprising three gold, three silver and two bronze medals.
On the other hand, the Khasi Seng Kmie at this meeting decided that all the residents of Madan Ingsyiem should have equal rights in all aspects. long in the work of death and life.
“However, in the notification issued by the Chairman of the Lok Ayukta dismissing those officers, it was dismissed on the orders of the Government.
In a letter sent to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, the President of KSU Laban Circle, Samla Reuben Najiar, said that the working methods of the Police in Laban and the department as a whole are biased and unfounded. , injustice especially to the Khasi who have to face discrimination and torture at the hands of the law enforcement agencies.
The PDF Mylliem Zonal Committee also congratulates the top 20 positions, this shows the hard work of the youth, and the PDF is proud of Samla Balarihun Kharlukhi from Ramakrishna Mission. Secondary School, Mylliem, who won the 6th position, the PDF sends its congratulations to her, the school and her family who have brought glory to the Mylliem area.
Shillong, June 26: The Meghalaya Government today announced that three villages of Lawbyrtun, Mawkyllei and Nonglait which are under the jurisdiction of Nongstoin Police Station will now fall under the jurisdiction of Mairang Police Station. .
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has informed that if you have any contact with COVID-19, please call 14410 and if you have any questions, please call health.
They took him from Bansam Awe to Rongsak under Chiading Police Station.
560 beneficiaries of the National Widow Pension Scheme and 102 beneficiaries of the Indira Gandhi National Disability Pension Scheme.
Sangma said he would respond once he received detailed information on the incident.
“We warn any Hindutva organization that if they do such things by posting notices we will meet face to face and we will not be allowed to do anything and we will take strong action and we will take the relevant authorities.
“We have been talking to the State Government on the old age pension since the time of Dr. Mukul Sangma as Chief Minister.
She also inaugurated the new buildings of the Border Out Pots within the Meghalaya Border.
Shillong, July 21: The MIG has informed the State Impact Assessment (SIA) Unit to inspect the land area of ​​2357.34 sq. km.
Besides the cold weather, the residents of Iooksi area have also suffered from the thunder.
Speaking to reporters, u Bah PN Syiem today supported the EC of Bah PN Syiem in KHADC, u Bah PN Syiem. Prestone said it was not a pop.
New Delhi, March 07: The Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) has struggled to issue rules to combat vehicle pollution especially inside Delhi.
Shillong, March 18: The Governing Council of NEIGHRIMS, Bah AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, on Tuesday said that the meeting of the Governing Council of NEIGHRIMS NEIGHRIMS at a meeting held on the 15th of this month in Delhi has decided that Dr DM Thapa Director should leave the hospital.
The permission to reopen schools will be from 01 November
: Joannes JTL Lamare, a volunteer from Kynton-U-Mon, Nongkrem, on Friday lodged a complaint with the MHRC to take action against the Dawki Police Station has arrested Bah Sulin Suting after he was taken to the police station.
“If you cannot take responsibility as the Minister in charge of Power, you should resign,” said Thomas. Expressing the lack of attention of the MeECL department, Bah Thomas said, “If MeECL lacks funds, why does it issue the post?
Member of the Board of Governors IIM Shillong, Atul Kulkarni said that in the North East, there are only 60,000 jobs registered as MSMEs which is only 0.7% of the jobs registered as MSMEs. across the country.
On the other hand, the General Secretary of the party has asked how the Rangbah Shnong can conduct major works without the knowledge and authority of the Doloi and this is a cleanliness on the part of the Doloi. , at the same time, he said that the party did not demand money from the Doloi as alleged.
However, the party will continue to block this because we do not want the hard work of the villages in the district through the COVID Management Committees to be wasted by the release of foreigners.
In his speech, the Chief Minister said that the North East of India and Meghalaya are rich in their culture and traditions.
He said that the same situation will be here after the completion of the MaaKamkhyaDivyaLokPariyojana.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that the people are in their minds that as soon as they see a truck moving and carrying coal, they just say that there is an illegal transportation of coal. people have to change their mindset.
He said the project will cost about T.11 crore.
The meeting discussed how to fight against crime, whether it is terrorism, smuggling, to ensure that there will be no border killings and to work together in the field of illegal immigration. patrolling on the India-Bangladesh border in this regard.
Regarding the use of meters in local taxis and autorickshaws, it has been handed over to the Transport Department to look after this issue.
Shillong, March 18: The body of Archbishop Rev Dominic Jala today announced that the body of Archbishop Rev Dominic Jala will arrive on Sunday.
This will be a great benefit to the MCAB and at the same time the MCAB can now borrow money from the NSFDC to help the low paid.
Speaking to reporters at the Shillong Press Club, Bah Thermonki Susngi, Vice President of the HNYF, said, “We don't want to see tourism come to defame Nartiang”.
“On the incident at Jatalong, Sangma said the complaint was lodged by the Ranger of KAAC but not by the Assam Government.
Police of West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday accompanied the Crime Scene Unit and the K-9 Dog Squad to Mynniar, the scene of the shooting and robbery. Two teachers of Rangsapara Secondary School were arrested on Tuesday evening.
At this meeting which was held today, members of the party from all over the country came to participate and discuss many of the activities that the party has done and what the party has to do. Prof.DRL Nonglait led the meeting in the presence of the office bearers of the party.
It is estimated that there are about 5 lakh people in the rural areas who earn from agriculture and there is a need to improve their income.
In accordance with these rules, applications have been received from Hindus, Sikhs, Jains, Buddhists, Parsi Christians from Pakistan, Bangladesh and Afghanistan who have entered India till not because of religion or belief in such persecution.
The Prime Minister urged the people's leaders to visit the villages to meet with the people to understand their problems and to find ways how to develop schemes according to their needs. the people in the countryside.
The villages are Lamin, Shangpung, Nongpdeng, Nongtalang, Umnget, Mawlyngkhung, Umkdait, Nongmynsong, Mawdatbaki, Mawshbuit, Sohlai. 5Mile, Parmaw, Upper Shillong, Government Pig Farm Mairang.
The letter said that this light outage has affected the tourism industry and especially the students of the area as well as the people who need light from time to time in their work.
There are two villages in Umroi Pyllun which have started using the registration. Only those who have and those who don't have are not allowed. On the ILP, they see the danger that it will happen to them because of the presence of the airport and the influx of foreigners. you lad protection.
The Indian Army is now ready in all aspects according to the present era and the recent Fist and Live Wire exercise has made it clear. their strength in all things.
The Minister of Forests, Dr. Aman Warr, said that the government will look into the matter so that there will be no protection of the environment. nature is the logn that is in front of you.
Shillong, Nailur 07: The General Secretary in charge of Meghalaya, Nalin Kholi, was also present to witness the joining of these four MDCs to the BJP party. The Forest Committee of KHADC today held a meeting to discuss the rules and regulations of the Central Government's proposal to amend the Indian Forest Act (Amendment) Act , MDC Executive Member, I/C Forest KHADC, today 6th September 2019, from 11 am to 3 pm to discuss the draft amendment of the Indian Forest Act. Act 2019After a long discussion and in its third meeting, the Special Committee to advise on the draft Indian Forest Act (Amendment) Act 2019, has completed the The Forest Committee will send the recommendations to the Executive Committee, KHADC so that they can send them to the Forest Department of the State Government.
Governor Ganga Prasad will swear in the new cabinet under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma as the Chief Minister.
The Director General of Police, Dr. LR Bishnoi on Tuesday handed over the epaulettes to 11 promoted Police Officers at a function held at the Police Headquarters, Shillong.
This is the behavior of people who will no longer have the power to think.
To get more information, the organization understands that you will be traveling to the area to meet with the people to understand their views on where they want to be.
Shillong, Naitung 29: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today announced that the government has decided to lift the lockdown in Shillong which will end at 12 noon.
The third match against Neroca FC of Manipur will be played on Saturday at 2 pm at the JN Stadium Shillong.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister recalled the past and said that most of the time has been spent on solving problems, there is no time to look after development works.
Police have registered a case and the investigation is ongoing to track down the perpetrators.
To encourage all Hima/Elaka to convene Dorbars of Seng Samla Shnong within their respective Hima.
The inspection was attended by Rangbah Shnong and other Village Leaders, Acting Doloi Bah Khmih Manar, KSU Leaders from Jaintia Hills and Government Leaders Bah Banteilang J Kharshandi (MCS). ) who is the BDO of Saipung C&RD and Magistrate of the area also visited the bridge at the church.
The ECI has also directed the State Election Commissioners and District Election Officers to strictly implement the provisions of the Child Protection Act. .
As for the railway lines in Mizoram, Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills, the government should respect the feelings of the people to install them.
Ticket prices range from 500 to 400 tyngka. All tickets are available from the designated shops or can be purchased online from the website of Shhillong Lajong Sport Club.
KSU North Eastern Border President Banjop Maring in his speech said that the KSU will not accept the installation of posts by the Assam government and the DC has promised to take action on this issue. If the Assam government continues to carry out its activities, the party will not stand idly by but will hold strong protests at any time.
After a while, they stopped the bus at a quieter place and forcibly got off the bus.
If you are in an empty area without a home, try to avoid it as soon as possible.
The party will monitor this call for applications so that it will be clean and without any discrimination in all the posts.
Shillong, March 07: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has alleged that there has been discrimination against indigenous people in the cement factories. campaign from 5March 2023.
“We would like to urge the authorities of South West Khasi Hills District and Mawsynram C&RD Block to do this in order to get full cooperation on this disease.
Shillong, Nailar 27: In an era of stability and responsibility in the tourism industry, India's assumption of the G20 presidency is a special occasion for the country's tourism industry.
First Sutnga Secretary of the Working Committee.
The training was conducted by Salva Buhroy, Horticulture Development Officer, Mawphlang Block, Nisha V. Kharjana, Sohiong Block. Salva has consulted with farmers on how to cultivate Soh Kiwi which is valuable, easy to grow and suitable for cold areas such as Sohiong, Nongthliew, Krang and other cold areas.
New Delhi, June 10: The Government of India has announced an allocation of Rs 15,000 crore for the India COVID-19 Emergency Response and Health System Preparedness Package.
Two foreigners were killed in Ichamati village on the 27th of this month and a mystery bar worker. He was killed in Mawlai Mawroh this month.
The Chief Minister has ordered the District Administrations of Tura and Shillong to meet with the people and civil society to discuss the demand.
The meeting was attended by Dr. BDR Tiwari Commissioner and Secretary, Ambrose Ch Marak, Director of Education. discuss the demand of Adhok teachers.
Sports Secretary of the party, Samla Bhabok Sungoh, said:
Speaking to reporters at the KSU Jaiaw office, KSU West Jaintia Hills President Samla Laiphar Syngkrem said that the people of KSU West Jaintia Hills, Samla Laiphar Syngkrem, are the same people. However, these Karbi people take advantage of the opportunity to call for meetings and invite their fellow citizens living in Block I. On the other hand, the Seng appeals to the Karbi people not to harass, threaten, or threaten the paradoh parasnam who live in Block I area because they have started to harass like this. On the other hand, the KSU cannot listen and cannot watch.
The death toll has risen to 7, one in East Garo Hills, one in East Khasi Hills, three in West Jaintia Hills and one in West Khasi Hills.
He urged FADA to be ready to accept these changes to bring about a change in the environment.
Shillong, Naitung 22: There are 96 new cases of COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, 28 cases in East Khasi Hills, 2 cases in Eastern West Khasi Hills and 4 cases in Ri Bhoi. , South Garo Hills 5, South West Garo Hills 2, West Garo Hills 47, West Jaintia Hills 3, West Khasi Hills 2 cases.
Four people have died from East Khasi Hills and all four of them have not been vaccinated. The death toll has risen to 1311 people.
Other decisions taken by the Cabinet today include the appointment of 13 officers in the Social Welfare Department temporarily to conduct the examination. This appointment had to be made due to the urgency of the work.
The Bill was passed more than a year after the EC submitted it to the committee for review. The committee has sought the opinions of many people and has invited them to comment after the meeting. The committee has submitted the Bill to the CEM for the EC to take action.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: There will be a shortage of water supply for three days from the 25th to the 27th of this month.
Conrad said that if they have interfered with the investigation as soon as they come to the government, they should have dismissed them. neither is it.
This gift is a gift and not that they are being demanded for money.
Even at the Commonwealth Games 2022, Prime Minister Duh has reviewed the preparations of the athletes of the country and praised them for bringing glory to the country and urged them to that they would do better.
The train left Bihar under the protection of the RPF and entered West Bengal and Assam, the Chief Secretary said.
“Furthermore, the Regional Committee has decided to submit its report to the Government in April.
With the joining of these two MDCs to the NPP, the party now has a line of MDCs in the KHADC including Bah HS Shylla.
The State Government and the Government of India should ensure that such incidents should not happen again to others who are on their way home.
The members elected to the working group are Prof. B. War, Prof. S. Dkhar, Dr. EJ Shongwan, Dr. Fabian Lyngdoh, Prof. Desmond L Kharmawphlang, Accountants Dr. Danison Diengdoh and bah Banlam Copper Priest.
Rishalin has a close relationship with the HNLC leaders. The two HNLC members were born in 2013 and now have two children.
He said the calendar contains a list of 12 pictures showing the progress of India.
The request of the union to set up this committee is in accordance with Section 5(1) of the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act,
Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh inaugurated the parish in Mawpdang and announced that Rev. Sebastian Tirkey has been appointed as the First Bishop to visit the parish.
He said that these roads will be constructed within the budget year 2017-2018. The NHIDCL has been directed to prepare the DPR. compared to other states in the North East of India.
“On the 8th of this month, we Agriculture students also saw that the Meghalaya Public Services Commission (MPSC) has made mistakes here and there and quickly issued a correction.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today conducted a special training with the World Health Organization to discuss how to prevent the spread of the disease. The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of Preeti Sudan today held a meeting with the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
During the wreath laying ceremony, the BJP paid tribute to the great heroes of the country who fought against the British.
Surprisingly, this animal has related to another animal known as Slowlories in foreign languages.
Dr.L.Lyngdoh in charge of the Blood Bank of the hospital said that it is necessary for the people to donate their blood for the purpose of saving the lives of the people in need. quickly to the snam.
The Chief Secretary said that the discussion was on how to treat those areas outside the Shillong Municipal. In this regard, two decisions have been taken. look after the cleanliness outside the Muncipat is the water supply department.
The Chairman said that there are about 400 factories in Meghalaya and these are located in different parts of the state. and once they have completed their inspection, they will send a report to the Supreme Court on how many have passed and how many have not yet passed the decision of the Supreme Court.
Shillong, Nailar 02: The National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) today launched the Iron Folic Acid Supplementation Program (WIFS) for the youth. of East Khasi Hills which was inaugurated by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek.
As the MDCs come from different political parties, so in the Dorbar Ki Khlieh Nongsynshar of Ri Hynniewtrep, they have their own relationship with the political parties which we don't fight because it is the right of freedom of expression. and they shall not snoh, neither shall they be ashamed.
Aristotle C. Rymbai President of MSSASA Central Body said that the Union has decided to accept the order after reading and reviewing the rules and regulations. The Project Approval Board (PAB) of the Ministry of Human Resource Development (MHRD) of the Union Government held on 22nd April, 2016 as well as the Minutes of the Executive Committee of the SSA State Education Mission Authority Meghalaya (SEMAM) The State Government through RTI has not received any request from the Union in the past few days.
Referring to the speech of Bah GG Bung, who said that this mid-term election is the last congratulations to Martin M Danggo, Bah Nongrem is not surprised because he is the leader of the party. Martin M Danggo has said the same things during the elections and even in the general election in 2018, but Martin M Danggo has risen in his victory. he won 2002 votes compared to previous elections.
In a letter signed by KSU Jaintia Hill District President Streamly S Niangti and General Secretary Cherity S Suja, they said that the NH-44 passes through many villages and places without schools. , this rush of traffic puts students in trouble and danger.
“Scientific research in this field has shown that there is no relationship between radiation from mobile towers and human health,” he said.
Shillong, Nailar 08: After the Minister of State for Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh announced that the farmers have been extended to pay their loans, Bah Himalaya Shangpliang said that it would be better if the the government will forgive all the debts of the farmers.
The meeting was convened by the office of the Director of Statistics in Meghalaya, Dr. Joram Beda, with the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah PS Thangkhiew as the chairman.
As the organization, we are deeply saddened to see that there is a shortage of doctors and health workers in this area especially in Mawkyrwat CHC. The shortage of staff in the CHC has created problems and they are no longer able to provide adequate treatment according to the needs of the time.
The ASHA Facilitators also demanded that the government should pay the medical expenses not only to the workers but also to the family members as well as to pay for the medical expenses for them.
On the other hand, the party congratulates the people who supported the party in this mid-term MLA election.
It is a day when mankind will have to turn back and judge the past and the present, and to walk, live and act wisely in the present, so that the abundance and richness of nature will rule the future. .
The T20 conference today started with a briefing on the 'Indigenous Peoples' of Meghalaya.
The Chief Minister expressed his happiness to inaugurate the 45th block in the state.
Therefore, the KSU has urged the CEM to take action especially to be vigilant regarding the issuance of NOC or Trading License to these foreigners as there are many jobs for Khasi youth. they were able to work.
Therefore, the party is pleased to look into this issue as well,” he added.
The government's order has worked fully and village markets and shops have been closed in Shillong. Places like Motphran, Iewduh, Khyndailad and Police Bazar have been closed.
The Union Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Mansukh Mandaviya inaugurated the Regional Consultative Workshop on Research Priority for Providing Accessible and Affordable Healthcare for the Northeastern States of India in Shillong. on Tuesday.
The new cases from Greenwood are three from Greenwood, one from Shillong and two from Shillong.
Shillong, July 3: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, today announced that from today 5/7/2021, 20% fare will be allowed for City Buses, Mini Buses, Taxis and Auto Rickshaws. The SPTS, SSTS and SSPTS buses will operate from 6.00 am to 6.00 pm only within Shillong including the SPTS, SSTS and SSPTS buses. those areas known as urban areas, which fall under Mawlai C&RD Block, Mawpaw C&RD Block and Mylliem C&RD Block.
Shillong, Nialar 26: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 231 cases have been confirmed positive for COVID-1 The total number of cases in the state has risen to
Kharlukhi said he is the youngest minister in the Hima as he is only 25 years old.
Therefore, the party hopes and expects that something good will come out of this meeting.
Also present on the occasion were LR Sangma, Secretary to the Ministry of Education, Bah CCM Mihsil, Director of Educational Research and Training and other government officials (SP News).
Teachings on equality, mutual support for neighbors and relatives.
Meanwhile, in Thangbnai and Mawlyngot villages, one vehicle was overturned in the landslide. No one was injured. The PWD personnel have been ordered to clean up the road immediately. you are in the Mawkynrew Block.
On the other hand, the Navy, who have pumped the water from the coal mine today, said that there is still a need to pump the water from the coal mine, although they have been able to pump the water to the bottom of the coal mine. The coal mine known as the “Box Cutting” on the part of the Army said that the water has to be pumped more because it cannot be seen due to the low water level.
Umngi, July 06: The Umngi River on the road to Mawkyrwat has been closed due to the lack of public toilets. especially during the rainy season.
All the candidates in both the Assembly Constituencies of the East Jaintia Hills District are requested to cooperate with the SWS-East Jaintia Hills District and also with the Dorbar Shnongs in the East Jaintia Hills District. in accordance with these rules and regulations of the organization, which have been mentioned above.
Speaking to reporters, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, said that the Chief Minister has personally visited the patients along with doctors from Shillong. under the leadership of the Joint Director.
In his speech on the occasion of the 71st Independence Day of India, the Prime Minister stressed on the issue of roads and other issues. of Meghalaya on this special day.
On the other hand, many of the supporters of the Congress party have expressed their surprise at this delay especially in those areas where there is a ticket race, because they do not know who will get the party ticket.
Shillong, Nailur 19: The new General Manager of BSNL Shillong Circle, Tota Anila Kiran, on Tuesday said that they have already sought permission from the Ministry of Home Affairs to install CAPF phones in BSNL Shillong Circle. The cost of this will be T.70 crore.
The initiatives of the Government of Meghalaya such as Aspire Meghalaya and Prime Meghalaya have strengthened the search for talented people, to identify them, to support self-employment and the creation of opportunities in Meghalaya.
Umrit is one of the worst affected villages, he said.
If the KHADC authorities do not want to gather to bring the Dorbar Hima before the Khun u Hajar and to clarify the Khadar rule in the Hima Mylliem, it is an act that deprives us of our human rights. The Mylliem Hima Act/Rule 2007, 2008, and 2015, and in which the KHADC legislators are blind, they don't have time to think about bringing back the rights of the children of the thousands in the Mylliem Hima Dorbar.
Every time they meet with the Government, the Leaders and even Mukul Sangma, he expresses in front of the party that they want to bring development to this area.
Play chess SBS Sec.
These four employees are KP Shilla, Balam Kyndiah, Bansiruk Chyne and Liful Mary Wahlang.
New Delhi, July 18: As of July 18, 2021, there has been a confirmed outbreak of Avian Influenza in chickens in five states and in birds and birds flying from one place to another. area/wild birds in 9 states.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has expressed its strong opposition to the decision of the state government to extend the retirement of the Chief Secretary of the state, Bah WMS Pariat for another six months.
Galdinson and Marak are not AB Inspectors.
Robertjune said the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma has no understanding of the Inner Line Permit (ILP).
Shillong, Nailur 29: U Dr Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today during his visit to the market, met and talked to the market dwellers and farmers. time to talk and sit with them.
At present, if the President of India does not convene a joint parliamentary session, the Citizenship Amendment Bill will die as the term of the Lok Sabha has expired.
The Prime Minister said that when he listened to the speeches of all the Members of the House, when they gave their speeches, they emphasized one issue and that was the discrimination against women. children and lives in peace.
Sangma said he has already spoken to many principals and many of them have expressed their willingness to proceed with the implementation of the NEP and the Government has promised to provide assistance if necessary. .
It was during the tenure of Bah Syiem as CEM that the KHADC had planned to create another special seat for the MDC in Ri-Bhoi District as the MLA seat, which will be known as the MLA seat. Umsning Constituency.
Shillong, June 06: “Kyntiew iala ki Jong” has been sung by famous Khasi singers including Big Ri from Khasi Bloodz and Venon Lyngkhoi.
On the other hand, Bah Lurshai L Rympei, Asst.Chief Organizing Secretary of Ichamati, said that the Bengalis have been attacked in Ichamati. HANM said it will meet with the Governor Satya Pal Malik and the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma on this issue.
For urgent needs, please call the District Emergency Operation Centre, DC's Office, Shillong and the office of the Block Development Officers.
To facilitate the movement of the people, there must be another way to resolve this issue and a letter will be sent to the Minister of State on this issue. they met with the army in this state.
In the same category, Pinky Kumari, Rukhsana Begum, Chandra B Tiwari and Vikash Tiwari won the bronze medal.
“We have to hold this protest because the people of EJHD and also of the North Eastern Region of India have faced an inexplicable tragedy in these times from the government. The reason for the negligence of the state government and the National Authority of India (NHAI) on the NH 44 has made it impossible for vehicles to travel.
The formation of the NPP is for the benefit of the people of the North East of India because in Delhi the majority is essential for the formation of the government.
Regarding this road, he said that not only is it too bad but the slowness in completing the construction of this road which has cost T.740.823 lakh which the Dorbar Shnong has blamed is due to the delay. of the contractor.
He urged and encouraged the youth to stand forward to develop and improve their talents.
Shillong, July 04: A 75-year-old woman named Letty Lismon has been robbed by robbers in Shillong, according to a complaint lodged with the police on Tuesday. moon.
The blame for the new decision goes to the companies that manufacture these cigarettes or vaping companies, which have long claimed that their products will help reduce tobacco consumption. It is estimated that about 480,000 U.S. deaths each year are caused by tuberculosis, kidney disease and high blood pressure.
Shillong, Lber 08: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the opposition's refusal to take part in the speech of the Governor in the House is an insult to the seat of the Governor. lat the state.
Anyone who violates this rule will be punished by the law.
He said that on the closing day of the celebration, all the MLAs who have won from the party even if they belong to other parties will be invited on 15/12/2
Regarding the employees, they urged the Minister to allow the employees to continue their work inside the government factory. You can retire from the Voluntary Retirement Scheme.
Shillong, July 14: Indira Mon Kharsati has passed away on 13/01/2024 and is survived by four sons and daughters.
UDP Tourism Minister Metbah Lyngdoh said that the people of Meghalaya will be affected and the central government should consider the bill. central government.
This decision was taken at a meeting chaired by the Chairman of the High Level Committee, Bah Prestone Tynsong, who is also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Police Department.
There has been information on the shortage of production due to various problems, especially the shortage of labour.
After that, he will lay the foundation stone of the NIFT Shillong Textile Training Center before leaving for Guwahati.
The meeting discussed the letter written by the Central Government to the State Government on the IOA and the State Government has sent it to the District Councils since 2012 which they have not responded to till date.
Police have also conducted raids in different parts of Khasi and Jaintia Hills to arrest members of this group whose names have appeared in the Register.
At this meeting, they will also speak on the issue of Permitted Secondary Schools and Pre-Primary Schools which do not receive assistance from the Government.
Shillong, March 01: The total number of confirmed cases of COVID-19 in Shillong today has risen to 164, 56 from Ri Bhoi, 13 from West Garo Hills and 4 from West Jaintia Hills. , East Jaintia Hills 3, South Garo Hills 1 and South West Khasi Hills
He said that there will be players from all over the state who will come to take part in this tournament and it will also be an opportunity for players from all over the state to showcase their skills in this tournament.
Fellow citizens, India is moving forward with confidence and this comes from a strong income.
After receiving complaints from the AJYWO Central Body regarding the shortage of doctors to provide services to the people at the hospital, the AJYWO Central Body has decided to hold a meeting to discuss the issue. AJYWO East Jaintia Zone led by Bah MH Dkhar, President WS Suting, President of AJYWO East Jaintia Hills Zone, met with the Acting DM & HO of East Jaintia Hills District and discussed with him the issue. They met at the health center in Khliehriat.
This happened at the training ground of the Navy at Dabolim Airport in Goa.
The funeral service will be held tomorrow at his residence in Mawtyrshit of the Presbyterian Church.
The CEM of KHADC said that there are still many schools across the constituencies of the MDCs where the state government has not yet provided any assistance to them to pay their salaries but they have to pay their own salaries. Therefore, we have decided to continue to provide assistance to such schools.
Referring to the elections, the National President of the NPP said that there is no election that is easy and you have to work hard.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has announced that the number of COVID-19 cases in the armed forces has increased.
The voices of Ophilia Kharlukhi and Salchame S Sangma from Meghalaya entertained the audience.
The Principal said that even so, the hostel is still causing problems to the children especially in their daily work in relation to the need for water at the school.
Shillong, July 14: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the purpose of the convening of the meeting since last year is to ensure that all the members of the Legislative Assembly are aware of the in connection with the fight against COVID-1
The Cabinet has approved the policy on the implementation of the Solid Waste Management Policy introduced by the Urban Development Department, which will come into force immediately.
The union is happy because they understand the problems of the Labor Inspectors and the district authorities but they make it clear that the happiness has its limits. Your power will be at any time.
Shillong, June 9: Despite the curfew called by the HNLC in Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills, the people of Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills have ignored the call of the HNLC by turning out and casting their votes.
We also urge the arrested youths not to back down but to be determined to win at some point,” said Hamar Sutnga, General Secretary KSU Iooksi Unit.
There have been 246 recoveries, 183 from East Khasi Hills, 7 from North Garo Hills, 18 from Ri Bhoi, 5 from South West Garo Hills and 2 from South West Khasi Hills. , West Garo Hills 29 cases, West Khasi Hills 2 cases.
Speeches were delivered by Samla Elas Umsong, Finance Secretary KSU CEC and Babu Noren Manar.
Lakh to T.5 lakh will be spent at the government office.
At the meeting, the EC today also approved the appointment of three judges of the courts within the KHADC. At the same time, it urged the village headmen to encourage the people. to get vaccinated to prevent the spread of COVID-1
Because of the increase in the price of food items has affected the people especially the low income, besides the lack of employment and the increase in the price of food items has caused a lot of problems especially in this is the time of the world.
According to a statement issued by the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, the curfew has been extended until 11.00 pm and in the morning it has been lifted from 3.00 pm during the two days of Chhat Puja. This is the city of Shillong.
The launch of the coal mining factories will continue until 20th November,
Regarding the RTI received from the Public Information Officer of Ri Bhoi College on 07/03/2020, the RBSU leaders have met with the Principal to ask for clarification. to give clarity they will complain to the authorities above.
This announcement means that the Dorbar Shnongs will register all foreign residents, householders and non-Khasis who come from other states.
Shillong, Naitung 09: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya today praised the police of Ri Bhoi District for arresting three gold smugglers and four persons. two men and one mother.
There are 4 recoveries today from East Khasi Hills District, bringing the total number of recoveries to
At the request of Myntri Rangbah Duh, the people turned on their mobile phones to celebrate the festival of development.
All the owners and drivers, especially the villagers from Nongjri and Umsur, are urged to attend the meeting to discuss the issues of the area.
Minister of State for Fisheries, Animal Husbandry and Dairying.
The state’s dedication to creating top-notch facilities and fostering a culture of athletic excellence has played a pivotal role in achieving this remarkable victory.
The CEM said that many of the land belonging to the villages and raids of the Himas have been taken by force by the village headmen and Syiems for their own benefit.
In the meeting with the Deputy CEM, he said that as the children of the Hima Sohiong, he would like to remind that the Joint Action Committee since 2019 has already lodged a complaint against Bashemphang Thabah for illegal activities. and demanded the suspension and removal of him from the post of Lyngdoh of the Hima Sohiong.
The total number of licenses issued in the last four years from 2018 to 2023 is 201. The number of liquor shops licensed as of October 2018 is 611. The collection of revenue from liquor shops is currently reported This year it will reach T.340 crore.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: To protest against the relocation of the PWD North Division office from Jowai to Shangpung, the Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jowai today called for a 12 hour sit-in protest throughout Jowai. from five o'clock in the morning until five o'clock in the evening.
The Seng demands that the government should not consider the two lane road as it is related to the uranium mining but should consider improving the existing road by repairing it so that it shall not cause any doubt to the people of the area.
The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, has pledged to support the Government of Meghalaya to achieve the goal of building an Administrative City in New Shillong Township in the next five years. .
During the raid, however, they were caught in the act and arrested the leaders of the KSU and charged them with illegal activities.
The 13 parties understand the problems faced by the government, but it should not be delayed just because there are problems. There are 41 Entry and Exit Points in the state. The government cannot do it at the same time, but to say that not one of them has been implemented yet is unacceptable, the government should implement it.
The MPCC president said the Congress will come back to power in
He said that from the end of the 75th anniversary of independence to the 100th anniversary of independence, these 25 years are for the development of the country in all fields.
The party calls upon the people to join hands with the party in calling for a curfew.
The campaign, which was launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on 15th November, 2023 at Khunti, Jharkhand, started with the launch of Information Education Communication (IEC) vans. at the same time from different places.
At the end of the meeting, Samla Banshai and Samla Morgan expressed to the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma that there is hope through the present government under his leadership to turn to Mawsynram for jobs. In 2017, the State Government under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma as the Chief Minister has upgraded four blocks like Mawshynrut, Pynursla, Chokpot. and Raksamgre Block and this is also in this step they as volunteers will inform the government and if it does not listen to their complaints as people leaders they will have to bring them before the people to discuss and speak to them. all truth.
Also present on the occasion were Telinia Thangkhiew MDC, Principal Secretary, Water Supply Department, Bah DP Wahlang, Secretary, Water Supply Department and Mission Director, Swachh Bharat Mission (Gramin). Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, DWSM, PS Dkhar, Rangbah Shnongs and school children were also present.
The letter was signed by Shanlang Diengdoh President and General Secretary Pynskhem Lyngdoh. It was also sent to the Chief Minister, Minister in charge of Industries, MLA and CEM. Shillong, Jymmang 15: The office of the Special Purpose Vehicle Society (SVSO) in charge of the villages within 50 km of the Lafarge mining site has launched a scheme to provide financial assistance to youth. Doctor, Engineer, Nurse and other Diploma courses in various fields.
MUDA said that 120 buses have been received from 26-10-2010 to 14-06-2013 and 136 buses from 24-08-2015 to 07-04-2
After hearing the explanation of Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MSPB, on the frequent issues arising between the allocation of funds by the State Governments to the ADCs in North East, the thinkers of Karnataka suggested to read the Act thoroughly and amend it so that it would bring about smooth running in the allocation of funds between the State Government and the three Autonomous District Councils.
Also present on the occasion was the Head of PIB in charge of Assam and Meghalaya. In his speech, he recalled what the Union Minister of State for Child Development, Arjun Ram Meghwal, said. “It is to show what the government has done in the last four years,” said Dr Farooqi.
The JYF Seng Kmie in a spirit of love and humility expresses its gratitude to you the children of Seinraij for your progress in relation to the Behdein Khlam festival. .
The DC said that he has just joined the post for the past 10 or 10 days and he has not been able to see the files related to the case. It has already progressed but after the 3rd he will be able to explain more clearly how the work is going.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: The Nongtalang Dorbar Shnong has invited the exporters on the 5th to hear their views regarding the way bridge near Sohkha village. traders , receptive and resistant.
Speaking to media, the EM of Taxation, Bah Fantin Lakadong said that the Executive Committee will not stop visiting Majai or Iewduh but what it has done in these few days is the beginning.
This was done to strengthen the party in the coming days.
On the other hand, the Meghalaya government is trying to talk for peace and stability because we live in democracy, they will treat those soldiers, no government has the right to fight with the people, which is necessary. “It is only through dialogue that can solve the problems,” said Bah Lahkmen, Minister of Home Affairs.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills District Pravin Bakshi admitted that it is true that Labenn Ch Marak has sent his resignation letter.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that he has received the video and it is on this basis that he has asked the Chief Minister of Assam to punish those policemen of Assam who have touched the hands of people and such incidents should not continue to occur.
Rakesh R Marak, Assistant Publicity Secretary, HANM Central Body, said that on the 5th of last month, the HANM and the DC of West Khasi Hills, Bah S Kharlyngdoh had held talks. HANM West Khasi Hills should immediately stop the arrest and search of HANM West Khasi Hills leaders and release those who have been arrested earlier including Bah Arphul Kharbani President and Bah Gabriel Sohlang Finance Secretary HANM West Khasi Hills. Hills and at that time the party has lifted the curfew after agreeing and talking with the DC. After a day of talks, the government has released Ubah Gabriel while Ubah Arphul Kharbani was expected. that he will be released from prison this month.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, which was handed over to Prestone Tynsong, was handed over to the Prime Minister. PWD responsible for roads, food distribution and cooperation.
After the teachers took this decision, if the government does not listen to their demands, the teachers will hold another three-day strike which will start on the 26th and end on the 26th. These are the decisions taken at the meeting held on the 28th of this month.
He appealed and encouraged the residents of South West Khasi Hills District to come forward for treatment of their illnesses because whatever the doctors can do, they will try. .
Dear citizens, Namaskar! I congratulate you all on this night before the 75th Republic Day! I am filled with pride when I see how far we have come despite the challenges.
The party has expressed its anger against these MLAs who are only for their own political interests without thinking about the country and the people The society should not accept the NOCs issued by the society.
On the statement by the UDP leaders that they no longer need to cooperate in the RDA, Pangniang said that to go to one unity is difficult, but to start getting power only for the ethnic groups is necessary. , because the mats are similar.
The MPSC has clarified that it is ready to release the results but it is still waiting for the roster to be sent by the SAD Department.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare on Tuesday clarified that the medicines distributed at Marten on the 29th of last month have expired due to lack of use. COVID-19 pandemic.
Many benefits come from the existence of the District Council.
That is why they have set up Regional Committees, they will sit down and do their best,” he said.
Over the years, the Assam Rifles has reached major milestones in training, which shows determination and perseverance.
Bah Ardrent in his speech also strongly criticized the use of money power during the elections by the wealthy.
The JSU also congratulates all the Members of this Committee from the Chairman and others, and hopes that they will work hard for the betterment of education in Jaintia Hills which still has many shortcomings. the side of knowledge.
Answering a question on the departure of Congress MLAs to join other parties, he said that this is no longer surprising within the party. He said that even the MLAs of the party have already lost their tickets. It is not surprising that MLAs leave and join other parties.
“The main purpose is to encourage this young man and also to wish him all the best to reach his goal,” said Niawki Iakai President of the Seng.
There are 25 recoveries from East Khasi Hills District, 22 from West Garo Hills and 2 from West Garo Hills. The total number of recoveries has risen to after.
On the other hand, the Circle urges all those who attend the Shad Pomblang Syiem to attend with dignity so that it will bring back the glory of the Jaidbynriew as it has become famous in the world.
Therefore, we will not sit idly by in relation to this issue which is for the life and death of our small nation.
“The Dorbar Shnong from time to time has appealed to the leaders but no one has listened to them.
Samuel Buiam said that if the police can shoot dead Cheris within three minutes, the government should not take pains to dismiss the police involved in this case within a day. The government cannot dismiss them within a day.
On the other hand, the KSU asked Bah Man and Bah Vincent, “What have they done for the development of South West Khasi Hills District? UCIL to the State Govt for Wahkaji PHC, what they have done on the collapse of the uranium dam which will endanger the people of the area and what they have done on education and the villages which do not have roads in the area.
In a statement, the Chief Executive Officer of the state, Rao, said that the reason for the increase in the number of cases is because people are not following the government's directives to prevent the spread of COVID-1 .
Therefore, you should know well about your own country before you travel to other countries.
This convergence brings out the unique aspects of the Khasi Culture in various forms whether it is in the form of music, textiles, cuisine, dance and many other unique cultural aspects.
The union also said that these foreigners who have trading licenses have not complied with Rule 9 of the Trading by Non-Tribal Rules, They must have a Trading License in their shops.
This approach will lead to confusion in many areas, but to arrest those who want to destroy the district as a whole through the uranium mine, we would like to say that those who Jiedskhem Nongsiej, General Secretary of KSU South West Khasi Hills District, said in a statement.
“To get to this moment, it has taken us over a year.
Speaking to reporters after returning from Ribhoi District, MPCC President Vincent H. Pala said that the NPP-led MDA government has been robbed. In a reply sent by the Deputy Commissioner of Ribhoi District to the President of the Ribhoi District Congress Committee, Bah Charles Marngar, he said that the No Objection Certificate (NoC) has been issued by the BJP Government of Assam. The Vice Chancellor of USTM and the Rangbah Shnong did not respond to the application.
Shillong, July 25: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has unanimously passed a resolution to demand that the state government should provide assistance to the villages where the CCMP has been deployed in the fight against covid-19.
With two days still to play and good weather expected, both teams will still have strong hopes of victory.
Ka Sagarmala, Bharat Mala, Parvat Mala, port-led development.
After this meeting, there will be another meeting between the Chief Ministers of the two states where they will take a decision in the next few months to discuss and take a decision on the reports of the two states. have already been given in exchange for the first installment.
Shillong, Naitung 23: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the Cabinet meeting held today has decided to test the residents of the state. to prevent the spread of COVID-1
The medicines have been deposited at the Central Medical Store for distribution in case of emergency.
Shillong, Naitung 22: The Dorbar convened by the Union of Village Authorities, Sohra Area was held on 20th July 2013, at the office of the Syiem of Sohra Hima, in the presence of many Sirdars, Sordars and Rangbah Shnongs. other Elaka attended the meeting.
Na 43 William Nagar National People's Party MARCUISE N MARAK (WINNER), 44 Raksamgre National People's Party LIMISON D.SANGMA (WINNER), 45 Tikrikilla National People's Party JIMMY D.SANGMA (WINNER), 46 Phulbari MONDBUAL National TAWINty Party ), 47 Rajabala All India Trinamool Congress DR.MIZANUR RAHMAN KAZI (WINNER), 48 Selsella National People's Party ARBINSTONE B MARAK (WINNER), 49 Dadenggre All India Trinamool Congress RUPA M.MARAK (WINNER), 57 'AS People National Par North Tura A.ALL (WINNER).
Shillong, Naitung 02: The newly appointed Governor of Meghalaya, Dr Krishan Kant Paul will be sworn in as the third Governor of Meghalaya on Monday.
These leaders also discussed international and regional developments.
The coach of Sports Authority of India (SAI), Polo Shillong will take over the responsibility of teaching judo.
The Union Home Minister said that in the 50 years of its inception, the North Eastern Council (NEC) has promoted development activities in the region by opening the relevant policies to all states and facilitate solutions to their problems.
He said that the Minister has listened to their complaint and they hope that the government will do something about it.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: Mega Entertainment today held the 20th edition of the Mega Miss North East 2024 contest. Hotel Vivanta in Shillong where 50 youths took part.
In his short speech, the CEM said that he is pleased that through the hard work of the Executive Committee, all the officers have been able to clean their hands before entering the office. They have been able to start today to enforce the rules and regulations of the government before starting work inside the office after the lifting of the curfew. % and 100% to the officers and also to sanitize the employees and those who come to work inside the office.
by the International Monetary Fund (IMF), while by the World Economic Outlook (WEO), March 2023.
Michael Kharsyntiew, who was present on the occasion, donated T.1,21,000/- to the village in the presence of the Sordar of the village and the Samla Rangbah of the village, Bah Rothell Khongsit.
He said that it is this government that has removed the synsar which used to be known as markhlaw and has now turned into marrep.
This kseh tree is a tree from the Mangkashang Mountains that grows in parts of Afghanistan to Bhutan.
In another incident, police of Rynjah police station have recovered the body of a 40-year-old man from a house in Rynjah.
Aristotle said the State Government through the State Education Commission has promised to take action on the demands of the SSA teachers in the state and has also promised to release the two month salary of the teachers before Christmas. .
Paiem Niandro Syiemiong, President of the Federation of Khasi States, today launched a letter written by the First Prime Minister of India, Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru, on the issue of Instrument of Accession & Annexed Agreement, sha u (Late) Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, Deputy Prime Minister, i/c Ministry of States, India dated 13th October 1947.
Shillong, March 13: Meghalaya has witnessed an outbreak of Dengue fever with 44 cases since 3rd March
These parties should understand that the people should have explained that they should have forgotten the leadership candidate to be PM at least two years before the election.
“At this time, when the NGT has banned the mining and trade of coal in the state, tens of thousands of Jaintia people have become unemployed refugees in the state. The AJYWO demands that the JHADC should think again for the sake of its people by removing the TL and stopping the issuance of TL to them. to allow our people to start their work,” said Bah Dkhar.
The Principal Secretary said that this is the time when the government has to release many schemes for the people and to get sanctions for various schemes. tremendous.
“This is the strength of the country,” he said.
Shillong, Naitung 12: To ensure that there is no misrepresentation by religious leaders on the use of Tika vaccine to prevent the spread of COVID-19, religious leaders have urged the government not to punish those who mislead. A meeting was convened by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today.
According to the residents of these two wells, these wells have been dry as it is now in October and June and the water will come out again when the rainfall is heavier. .
In a letter, the Seng has requested the Executive Engineer to start the construction of the road from Lapangap to Barato as it is the right time to start the construction of the road especially during the rainy months.
Shillong, November 14: The curfew has been lifted from 10.00 am to 7.00 pm today. The curfew has been lifted from 10.00 am to 7.00 pm.
GD/ PI is one part of testing the student in listening skills, reading concentration and speaking skills as well.
In this competition all the participants showed their talents to become the winners of the competition.
New Delhi, June 07: The Union Home Minister in charge of Cooperation Department today chaired a meeting of the Parliamentary Official Language Committee in Delhi. Minister of State for Home Affairs Ajay Kumar Mishra, Minister of State for Home Affairs Ajay Kumar Mishra, Vice Chairman of the Parliamentary Language Committee Bhritahari Mahtab and other members of the committee were also present.
No.ML-05 G 4332 which stopped them, where they demanded T.50000 along with a byrngem byrsit, but they gave them only T.3000 because they didn't have any more money. and these robbers also took.
Shillong, K.Lyngkot 24: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 305 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in the state. one of the Districts.
The study also showed that many of the mental illnesses are among the reasons why people in the first ranked cities use tobacco.
Mukhim said in the House that the state government every year asks the District Councils to send schemes to the state government through Article 275 but since 2017 until now nothing has been received. and this has increased the number of districts.
The Mi-17 helicopters were flying in a beautiful manner where three helicopters flew at the same time. visitors to the festival organized by the military.
Regarding the government's decision to hold a special session to take a decision on the implementation of the ILP in the state, COMSO urges all MLAs to speak with one voice in support of the ILP. a Decision which they shall take in a special session.
“These allegations from the opposition come from time to time saying that we are the right side and want to work together but they do such things without any basis,” said Bah Ardent.
Shillong, Naiwieng 25: St. Mary's College will conclude its platinum jubilee celebration on the 30th of this month with the Governor of Meghalaya Dr KK Paul as the chief guest to close the celebration.
So it means to show something.
The MPYC has alleged that the Modi government has not thought properly in the fight against COVID-19 by introducing a curfew and this increase. MPYC President Richard Mrong Marak has said that the price of petrol and diesel is a robbery from the people.
Pyniaid Singh Namaste said that through the new Solitary Waste Management Act, the roles have been introduced and the council will provide the right price to the garbage collectors from all over the villages. Regarding the incidents, it has been found that some people have improperly thrown garbage from their homes and thrown it on the streets, in the rivers and in any place at night.
At the same time, he said that there is only one cricket ground in Shillong and this is difficult for the players to get proper training. get to understand how this game.
Former Rangbah Shnong of Mupyut, Mol Dkhar, said that he has never received any scheme from the JHADC. the money as shown in the RTI Report.
Shillong, Lber, 19: Four political parties have sent a letter to the government last month demanding that the government should invite them to discuss the ILP as this is a serious issue. These organizations have been demanding from the government for about three months.
What is needed is that we should have police to protect our people on the border and the police should not just stand on the border and watch the attacks on our fellow citizens but they have to to fight,” said Donal V. Thabah in an interview with reporters on Tuesday.
Speaking to media after the opening of the Dorbar, Bah Lyngdoh said he appreciates the promise of the Prime Minister to follow up on this issue from the Central Government.
Surprisingly, the footpaths within the Cantonment Board area have been ensured that the board and the police cannot build them without the permission of the Board, without looking at the people passing through this area. .
"India has reached the moon, we have put the glory of the country on the moon," he said.
The KSU urges them to include Khasi Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War, Maram and Lyngngam or Garo and to exclude foreigners even if they are skilled or qualified. or even if they marry a Khasi.
“As a state, we don't have laws to help us in the fight against trade but it is up to those in power and we trust the new Executive Committee under the leadership of Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem. “It will not aild foreign companies because as it is now we have our own indigenous people to do this job as the first Bike Taxi Aggregator in Meghalaya,” said the group. .
In his speech, the Chief Secretary, Swami Achyuteshanandaji spoke about the time in 1901 in this city when the roads were narrow and there was no electricity. who is still suffering from illness came to this place and this led to the establishment of this training center which has been instrumental in supporting the needs of this state.
“Peace in life is the special priority of this government,” said Prime Minister Modi while speaking on the construction of 4 crore houses for the poor, water supply, electricity, provision of cooking gas under the Ujjwala Yojana and construction of toilets under Swachh Bharat.
“They have convened this meeting to explain to the Rangbah Shnong,” said Bah Teibor. He said that many people come to the Council to get the land record.
Regarding the smooth running of the work, the government has already distributed Smart Phones to some places to improve the work. Educational kits will be distributed to all schools.
The party welcomes the decision of the family of Bah Cheris to wait for the report of the Judicial Inquiry and requests the people of Mawlai to work together to find out the truth about the incident.
The Superintendent of Police, West Garo Hills, said that the arrest warrant for Bernard N Marak was issued by the Chief Judicial Magistrate, Tura. ban bah guarantee.
Two vehicles, a Sumo and a Maruti, have been damaged in the landslide at Riad Rngian between 6 and 7 pm. of Bah Seiborlang Jaktung, Rangbah Shnong of Wahlyngkhat.
The selection of youth will be in accordance with the policy of the Government.
According to the IMD, there will be a thunderstorm on 27th and 28th June 2024, so to avoid any injury, all schools in Ri Bhoi District have been ordered to close tomorrow. on 28/5/2
Regarding the proposal to hand over 56 sub stations to the private sector in the state, there has been no public notice and the handover to the company from Noida to operate these sub stations has also been completed. Shillong, June 27: The Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik, today called a meeting with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya. u Conrad K Sangma, in the presence of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, to speak on the COVID-19 pandemic.
There are 12481 SSA teachers in the state and out of these, 6000 have already been trained as teachers and the remaining teachers are about half. He also wanted the remaining students to be allowed to receive special training according to the rules laid down by the government.
Members of KSU Umsning Circle on the afternoon of 12th October 2023 have arrested foreigners who tried to come to Meghalaya to work in Jaintia Hills District without proper documents.
These world leaders have accepted an invitation to attend the swearing-in ceremony of Narendra Modi as the Prime Minister of India this morning. he witnessed together.
The government's complaint is also a warning to others not to play with the health of the people.
No one can take the law in his own language in the name of faith.
Similarly, the absence of the State University has affected the students of the state who wish to continue their studies.
Ri Bhoi District is a district and borders with Assam and Umden area is not far from Assam. that the people should be in joy.
Shillong, July 06: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) through its offices has celebrated the World Environment Day on the 5th July
She said that this was done to raise awareness among the students on the importance of protecting the environment.
Shillong, March 07: Today is a memorable day for the residents of Umblai Village in Mawkynrew Constituency. Through the hard work of Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MDC Mawkynrew Constituency to provide clean services along with the implementation of development works through the opening of the Public Toilet which has been allocated 1 Lakh Tyngka. 50,000 tyngka through the Special Assistance Schemes.
Speech was also delivered by a student who requested the Managing Committee and the authorities to upgrade the school from Class VIII to Class IX and so on to Class X The program was enriched by songs and dances by the students and teachers of the school.
Many banks from Shillong, ICICI, Federal Bank, HDFC Bank, State Bank, Meghalaya Rural Bank and others have come to take part in the Digi Dhan Mela. show the public how to deposit and withdraw money through the authorities in this age.
The meeting was held to discuss their demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit, which the government has explained to them. On the 19th of this month, the decision to implement the ILP in the state was received.
On behalf of the Dorbar, we take this opportunity once again to urge all the more than 3,000 kurs to send information about their kurs to the office of the Dorbar so that we can meet and talk. how to protect and improve the working methods of all Dorbar Kurs or Seng Kurs.
The celebration began with a ceremony to welcome the dongmusa by the elders led by Bah Raphael Warjri, Head of the Union Riti Academy.
However, the Deputy Commissioner has not been able to decide for 20 years.
Initially, she took the time to explain the purpose of the BJP party in Meghalaya and this joining the BJP shows that they have accepted the party to come to power in Meghalaya. They understand that only this party can bring about development in the state.
Shillong, July 05: Meghalaya today celebrated the World Environment Day 2020 along with the rest of the world.
The main purpose of this conference is to discuss and debate on current teaching methods and teaching methods that can be used in Physiological Science.
He said that after his assumption as prime minister, all the protests will stop.
The Ministry has continued to raise awareness among the public through social media such as Twitter and Facebook.
“We are happy with the family of I (L) Dr. Sailo Ryntathiang who have gone through a great trial but God has protected them and now they have recovered, along with the two children who work with them, and with one of their friends.
The program held at the Boldamgre U.P.School grounds included services provided by various departments such as Adhar registration, registration for MHIS Card, registration for PMMVY, screening for diseases. non-TB, various services from SBI, access to loans and promotion of insurance among other services.
The Seng has taken this step on these issues to preach and show the Paid Nongshong shnong to respect and be disciplined in relation to the cleanliness of the rivers and their surroundings.
To do this, he decided to walk 17,000 km starting from Unmukt in Jammu even though he is from Delhi. He arrived in Shillong today where he has met with the Governor of Meghalaya and will try to meet with the Chief Minister.
WORD officials discovered this stinginess of the doctor in charge of Umsning CHC during a surprise inspection at 8 pm on 26th November after receiving a complaint from them. population in various states of illness.
The Seng wishes you to continue to carry the burden of this Seng Khasi of ours which is loved by the gods, in the days to come and may God bless you. , Creator, Creator from above, below, He will rise, He will build, He will build and be with you all.
He said that with the help of the government, the people can start their own fish farms.
The availability of this information will assist the people in power to formulate policies whether it is the Central Government, the State Government as well as the public.
Also present on the occasion was the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Jop Rymbai.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the Minister of Urban Affairs, KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar said that the KSU has already lodged a complaint against Bah Rymphang. The meeting was held to find out what the government has done on this issue.
Speaking to reporters in Shillong, former Opposition Leader Conrad K Sangma said the party has discussed many issues related to the party's defeat in the elections. the election was held.
Shillong, March 16: A Bajaj Discovery 125cc bike with Regd.
On the other hand, the HNLC has alleged that the Chief Secretary, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, may be involved in the same tragedy. The HNLC said that the HNLC is surprised to see the support of those IAS officers to KS Kropha Chief Secretary. The little ones and the small ones give praise.
Justice S. Vaidyanathan has been appointed as the Chief Justice of the High Court of Meghalaya on 2nd June 2024 by the Governor of Meghalaya today.
Shillong, March 19: The KSU NEHU Unit and NEHUSU today sent a letter to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to resolve the issue of special allocation for students. The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Nehu Unit and the NEHU Students' Union (KSU) today sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya to inform him of the confusion regarding the special allocation. Students from Meghalaya and also students from various colleges under the jurisdiction of Bah Nehu.
Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya (JNV), located at Mahendraganj in South West Garo Hills, has become the first JNV school in Meghalaya to receive a Smart Class with the assistance of Samsung Company.
The Minister in charge of IT, Ampareen, said that she has received many complaints from the public regarding the Internet outage and she has not been able to give a proper answer because they are the The government is ready to do whatever is necessary within the state government to ensure that the people have access to the internet. you can call it “Digital India”.
The North East Indigenous Peoples' Forum (NEPIF), Shillong Chapter, which held a meeting on the 9th of this month, has renewed its office bearers including the Chairman Bah. Wellbirth Rani, Vice Chairman Bipul Thangkhiew, Vice Chairman Kitboklang Nongphlang, General Secretary Sadon K.Blah, Assistant Secretaries Eldie Newton Lyngdoh and Augustine Sten, Joint Secretaries Wanpher Wahlang and Shanbor Rapsang, Spokesperson Khong Dundee.
The purpose of the Trust is to recognize the people who have worked hard for the community.
Although the residents of Shillong have violated the curfew imposed by the HNLC, the absence of the villagers has affected the market.
While the police and BSF were searching, the kidnappers tried to change hiding places and it was during this time that Bah Marwein was arrested in Bangladesh.
WMS Pariat today inaugurated the newly constructed building of St Anthony's College which was dedicated to Fr Joseph Arokiasamy Block, Department of Dohkha Training.
“Once again we request MeECL to provide a new transformer for the benefit of the residents or consumers,” said the statement.
The parking space inside the JHADC grounds is only for the authorities who go to hear cases within the District Council Courts, Jowai.
Regarding the allegation that there has been a release of radiation from the uranium waste storage tanks in Domiasiat, the EC said that the government will appoint an Expert Committee to investigate the matter. still waiting for this report.
The prizes for the winners and runners-up were awarded by the chief guest.
It may be recalled that in the past few days, the EC of the Congress Party in Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council has suspended 7 Daloi and dismissed 3 Acting Daloi on charges of involvement in the illegal tax collection rights road Bah.
The training was attended by the Chief Superintendent of Police of WJH District, Child Line, Medical Superintendent of Civil Hospital of Ialong, police officers and many dignitaries.
We have trained the health care providers in these centers to provide better care to sickle cell patients.
This claim was made by his wife and mother.
They have decided to take a decision on this day to request all the rebel groups in Garo Hills to stop their activities and come to the peace talks. The civil society organizations that have already confirmed their attendance are from Tikrikilla, Baghmara, Dainadubi, Phulbari and Ampati.
also to provide fair services to its residents because this village needs a lot of assistance in many areas whether in the development of agriculture because "this village.
Those who attended received his encouraging words and advice.
PA Sawian, Joint Secretary, Finance, in his brief speech explained the working of the MeghEIS which has been developed in collaboration with the NIC from Pule and Shillong.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, SC Sadhu today announced that there will be a re-election of the MLAs of the 23-Sohiong (ST) Assembly Constituency tomorrow. All liquor shops in East Khasi Hills District have been closed this morning.
The party also sends its condolences to the family of Bah Chesterfield Thangkiew and prays that God the Creator will be with the family at this time of darkness.
" said Bah JR Siangshai.
Speaking to SP News Agency, HYC Ri Bhoi District President M Shadap said that the government has not listened to the demands of the people. They have complained to the government regarding the problems they face from time to time regarding the attacks by the people of the Assam government.
Egentstar Kuarkalang in a statement today said that the people of Meghalaya have also supported this money laundering because the people working in government jobs or in private jobs They themselves have now received their salaries through banks.
Shillong, June 18: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong today closed all shops on Tuesday as part of the prevention of the spread of COVID-1 -19 in Shillong.
On the allegation by the opposition leader that the ventilators provided through PM Cares are not working, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare said that the government will look into the allegation.
The Chief Minister said that many of the lines to Mawsynram, Nongstoin and from Mawlai to Nangalbibra have expired and something needs to be done to improve them.
The inspection was in response to the complaint of the students of ITI Khliehtyrshi to the union regarding the lack of equipment to be used for practical and others.
The injured were taken by 108 ambulance to hospital.
Not only that, Bah Pala has spoken in Parliament and led the way for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the country for the benefit of the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep.
This was announced by Bah Auguster Jyrwa and Rev. KPyrtuh in a statement sent today.
On this occasion, the KSU held a march from Umkaliar River to Nongmynsong near the office of the Atomic Minerals Department (AMD) of the Central Government.
I feel that it is enough in fact and it should not be said that the door has been closed,” said Bah Paul.
The purpose of the award is to encourage more teachers in their field and the applications for this award were made online and the Central Government has appointed an independent committee to select them. and observe who deserves this honor.
On the other hand, the DC said that the curfew has not worked in the plains of Garo Hills, except in Phulbari where 50% of the shops have been closed. .
“If Bah Pynshngain really loves the jaidbynriew, he should convene a special session because the PDF still has enough people in KHADC to pass this bill demanded by KHNAM,” he said.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Nongmensong Unit has strongly condemned the police's arrest of its members by accusing them of being involved in the riots.
Shillong, Lber 13: The 1st Nongkynrih FCA – Inter Kur Knockout Football Tournament has started at 2.30 pm on 12th March 2022 at Madan Lyngdoh Village, Raid Nongkynrih, Hima Khyrim. Paiem Dr Balajied S Syiem, Syiem of Hima Khyrim, in the presence of two guests, Bah John F Kharshiing, Advisor & Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States.
It is learned that these trucks which entered the square not only did not enter the square but also insulted the guard when he told them not to enter the square.
In her speech, the Minister of Home Affairs, Kong Warjri, said that this is a sign that the youth of the state have now understood the value of serving the country through the army. you are holy.
This book was released at Khasi College Jaiaw.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: Four members of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) who were accused of burning down a vehicle of the Meghalaya Forest Department at Forest Colony today surrendered to the police. state police.
Shillong, Naitung 12: The Governor of Meghalaya today issued a notice to appoint 17 MDCs to the KHDA. Telinia Thangkhiew has been appointed as the Provisional Chairman of the KHADC until the full Chairman is appointed.
KHNAM would like to remind the UDP, HSPDP and especially the ruling NPP that on 23 September 2013 there was a meeting of the NPP, UDP, HSPDP convened by KHNAM at Shillong Club to discuss the ILP and all the parties have agreed to force the state government to implement the ILP to curb the illegal entry of mynder, but now that the power has been taken over these same organizations say this cannot be done which reveals their hypocrisy.
The orphanage, which has about 67 children, is known as God's Dream Children's Home under the supervision of Pastor Kross of New Generation Outreach.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04: A drug dealer, who had a bad record, was arrested on Saturday while selling drugs at Police Point Laitumkhrah.
Noting that India is a country of different religions, the HYC said that according to the Constitution of India, India should protect every religion.
It is sad and we don't want such things to happen again in the village,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
Shillong, Nailur 25: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) wants to clarify that the statement of the Chief Minister Conrad Sangma and the report of the government authorities that there is no uranium waste dump in Jynrin, South West Khasi Hills District. Hills District is misleading the public and hiding the truth.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister expressed his gratitude to the Bangladesh authorities for allowing him to visit this place and on the part of the Prime Minister to pay tribute to this great man of the Hima Nongkhlaw. he placed the flower in front of the statue of Tirot Singh.
The Chief Commissioner, Dr Pandey, said that all these discussions will be kept confidential and will be submitted to the Chief Secretary of the state for the implementation of the schemes for them. state of Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) said that according to the permit issued to them, they should not operate within Shillong. however, these vehicles must operate in the area allocated for them.
They strongly condemned these perpetrators and urged the law enforcement authorities to take action against these perpetrators. evil shall not be done again.
Shillong, July 14: Police today arrested Biangdor Paliar, President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mawlai Circle. He was arrested today from Mawlai along with another member of the party.
This has created opportunities for training and successful people in various fields in the country.
:This month’s theme focuses on the hard work of farmers.
He said that online learning can be used to achieve this goal especially in the ability to provide education to female students or to those who cannot reach schools as well as foreign students. .
The CEO also informed that the situation in the surrounding areas in Meghalaya has many villages in the state which are located on the banks of the river, where the officers in charge of the election go to vote. complete their work.
In the first category, Shweta Sarma of St. Mary's Higher Secondary School, Shillong scored 548 marks.
The Government wants to vaccinate all those people who should have been vaccinated especially those who are 18 years of age and above, to get 100% vaccination. God will help us to understand this gift.
Jyrwa said NESO invites and urges the people of the North East to support on this day and at the same time to continue the struggle against this injustice.
The Cabinet also decided to increase the allocation of funds to the State Government as the Government through the Finance Department has sent a letter to the State Government that the State Government cannot produce more funds. The middle of the year was 0.5%.
Despite the promise of intervention by the Government of India, it has not been fulfilled.
John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, Working Group-3, and Chairman, Dorbar of Chiefs, said that they will take up these suggestions of all the Rangbah Shnongs, Chairman, Secretary, Treasurer, of Village Employment Councils (VECs) and Area Employment Councils (AECs) to the Government.
The State Government has decided that all those who come from outside the North East of India will have to be tested by RTPCR and those from the North East of India will have to be tested. from Antigen test.
I would like to thank the CEM for working hard to get this soskular which he asked for in the last session and he has asked again now which has been answered that the soskular has been received with ASEB.Kawei “If the water released from the Umiam Dam damages the farmland of ASEB, MeECL is happy to pay for the damage to the farmland. release of water.
The petition was signed by the President of Dkhar.
Shillong, October 07: Meghalaya Police have arrested nine persons in connection with the kidnapping of Arabindra Kr Das. , 77 years old from Shillong on 25.7.16, while walking step by step.
Regarding the implementation of the CrPC and CPC, they will convene a meeting on the 21st of this month with the Hima and Muktiar of all the Hima to provide further clarification. They don't have enough words, they still have words that they don't have enough.
The Deputy Commissioner has also warned that if anyone is found to have violated these rules, they will be closed without delay.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: Unidentified persons have set fire to a vehicle belonging to the Directorate of Economic and Statistical Government of Meghalaya at 3 pm today.
Freestar Kharbyngar and Sherbor Kharbyngar (2-0) scored twice in the second ball match at 11.30 pm between Nongspung and Nongkhlaw. Kur Nongkhlaw won the penalty shootout 5-2 in the third ball match at 1.30 pm between Kur Kharshiing and Kur Mukhim. Nangbhaki Mukhim, Robin Mukhim and Michael Platini scored three goals against Kharshiing 3-0 in the second half of the tournament.
Regarding the demand for the translation of the official language into Khasi, the Chief Minister informed the members of KAS that he is looking into this matter and will hand it over to the relevant government department. The Meghalaya Language Act
At present, there are more than 250 people on GS Road alone.
The total number of cases is
Meralin Dong won the 2nd Runner Up in the women's category and Bah-o-hi-wot Syih won the 2nd Runner Up in the Men's category. Phrangki Lamare, who is currently studying Class X at Jingshai Mihngi Adventist Secondary School, Jowai, while Phrangki Lamare has completed his Degree. of the village to rise up and develop their talents.
On the other hand, the BSF has been vigilant to ensure that there should be no illegal trade in the border in any area. The BSF is ready to fight against any crime or any crime. any illegal trade on the border.
Coping with Stress, 10.
Shillong, Lber 24: The FKJGP Mawthadraishan Circle through its General Secretary Bah S.Langrin has sent its condolences to all those families who have been severely affected by the natural disasters. It happened on the 19th of this month that a strong wind blew this night.
It is a 150 min long film which has been a hit with audiences and critics since its release last year.
Shillong, November 24: U Bah Alexander L Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, on Tuesday inaugurated two Sub Centers, one at Rangmaw Sub Center and one at Lyngkien Sub Center as a Christmas gift. regions.
Such institutions shall be exempt from the regulations relating to accreditation requirements.
Another area where the road can be improved is that if the government uses its power to improve the road from Dhanketi to Madan Iewrynhep by requesting the land from St Edmund College and this will help a lot. Shillong Commerce College near Bajoria School.
At Madanrting Police Station, 21 soap boxes containing heroin weighing 253.53 grams and several clothes were recovered.
Clifford said he would take the matter to the Legislative Assembly to discuss the matter to get a clearer understanding of how the Advocate General. The Advocate General has appeared on behalf of Dr Mukul Sangma in the Meghalaya High Court.
The members of the SRC, besides the Minister who is the Chairman of the Committee, other members who attended the meeting were the CEMs from the three District Councils, Bah Vincent H Pala MP of Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, the Minister of Urban Affairs and members of the civil society, Bah Samuel B Jyrwa and others.
Regarding the Dome, the Speaker of the House said that the cleaning has been completed and the preparations for the reconstruction of the Dome are in progress and the steel will arrive now. month or July
In the areas under Mawryngkneng, Mawkynrew, Mawsynram, Sohiong and Mawphlang C&RD Block, vehicles will travel only within the boundary of that Block. Only those who have received their Passes from the BDOs are eligible.
Through this explanation, due to the increase in the number of young men and women especially those who have returned home from abroad in the past 10 months especially those from the states where there is this disease, we urge the Shnong authorities and Dorbar Dongs. To urge the residents of their areas who have just arrived from abroad to take responsibility and inform the Health Dept (108) as part of protecting themselves and their families. .
Shillong, Nailur 12: The KSU Mawkyrwat Circle has organized a campaign to raise awareness among the people of the area about the introduction of foreigners in their jobs in the area.
The FKS requests the State Government through the Chief Minister to introduce on the same day a Resolution of the Rai Dorbar to demand from the Government of India to clarify the instruments. of Accession and Annexed Agreement) signed and ratified by the Government of India and the Khasi States on 17 August 1948 under a special Article in the Constitution of India in order to avoid conflict between the Laws of India and the Laws of India. Khasi will not open peace in this Khasi country.
Not only that, the meeting will also discuss how to take other measures to ensure that food items cannot be delivered to the households through ration shops including subsidy. to the consumers.
Furthermore, on this occasion, the Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) cannot forget or fail to remember the hard work and dedication of the teachers for the spread and introduction of the teachers' knowledge in the minds of all school children.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The Border Affairs Department of the Union Government has taken many measures to improve income generation by building various buildings in the border areas with Bangladesh through of Border Area Devp.
The vaccination campaign was conducted today in parts of India and tomorrow in parts of Bangladesh.
After the training, comments were also received from the people who have been appointed on this training.
Only leaders from all over Meghalaya who came to Madan Malki to express their grief over the injustice done by the government.
Phyrnai never backs down from the difficulties and in her speech she said that when she goes out to compete in the tournaments, she meets other players who are better and in comparison, they are better. and when it comes from a poor family, it is difficult for them to get properly equipped bicycles because they are more expensive.
He said that as an MP he had invited companies from Hyderabad to come and inspect the construction of storage facilities to store the crops. of farmers.
Akhilesh Chauhan, 50, who was abducted on the morning of October 20, has not been received yet, police said.
Answering additional questions, he said that the discussion was also held at the level of the Prime Minister and he has called meetings and said that if the government takes a decision, it will. The government will soon take a decision after meeting with all those involved in the MCCL dewbilat factory. the government will not take any decision to affect the workers.
Shillong, Iaiong 11: The office of the Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya has honored those who came to vote for the first time for three candidates in this year's MP election. Umsoh, covered and covered.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has confirmed 362 recoveries today, 202 from East Khasi Hills and 56 from Ri Bhoi. There are 70,841 confirmed cases so far.
The President of the KSU has asked the government whether the youths are still using the khulom but they have been given the opportunity to do so. The ways in which it is in the power of the government to think from now on what should be done.
The report also said that seven people have lost their houses in Rongrong Bolsongchok village, which was destroyed by the storm. in East Garo Hills on Tuesday.
We also urge the 36 MLAs of Hynniewtrep to ensure the peace and stability of the people in the border areas.
It is on this basis that the union has sent a letter to the Chief Minister to introduce a policy to employ 80% of the state residents in private companies in the state for employment only. Shillong, March 21: The Border Security Force (BSF) today, as usual every year, held a The laying of flowers at the monument at Umpling to honor those who died for the sake of the country, has been set aside as the Police Commemoration Day.
The Government of India should respect the resolution of the Legislative Assembly and the desire of the people of Meghalaya to get the ILP. read it but you don't want to.
The above are the two topics that the office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District has released today.
Many elders from the village attended the training.
To improve the economy of the region, the central government will open roads, railway lines and neighboring roads. He said that the projects should be completed on time and this will not lead to losses. and at the same time to understand the benefits of these schemes.
At the same time, the Symbut Myntri Rangbah urged the people not to burn or pour petrol on the fire. government to protect all the citizens if it is manor uh.
A larger door should be built to allow the chickens to enter or leave, and the house should not be narrow, harmful, or disturbing to the chickens.
He said that the Social Welfare Department in collaboration with the Mawlai Town Dorbar (MTD) will build a Rehabilitation Center in Mawlai Village to provide treatment to the youth who have decided to break the chain of addiction. shah is a slave to drugs.
After that 40 years, for five years the village will get 65% and the KHADC will get 35% of the revenue from the land and after 15 years the land will be handed over to the KHADC. the village of Mariacaphone.
Latest reports said that the Prime Minister wants the Minister in charge of Revenue AT Mandal to take over the post.
In the past nine years, the Central Government has worked hard to ensure that all the schemes for the poor reach the rightful beneficiaries.
On the other hand, the government authorities have strengthened security measures at the polling stations to ensure that there will be no tragic incident.
The meeting of the Ministerial Committee with the students turned into a stir as some people threw books at the residence of the group of members of the Committee.
Ma Damewanhi Rymbai, one of the Rangi of Moopynieñ, was appointed as the Resource Person.
The area where they came to build the Assam road is within Meghalaya.
of Meghalaya as part of opening the door for the youth to develop their talents which God has blessed them with.
The scientists expressed happiness that Prime Minister Duh met with them face-to-face in order to encourage them and expedite their work at this crucial juncture in the vaccine development process.
The Special Court, First Class Judicial Magistrate R Rymbai, has fixed the hearing of the case on the 7th of July at the time of their protests.
Speeches were delivered by Bah R Langstieh, Kong E Kynta, teachers and leaders of the program from St Edmund's College, Shillong. ngu, it shall be about two days.
to urge the KHADC authorities to immediately enact the Act and RULE for the DORBAR KUR or SENG KUR), and
This is the first time that Dr Mukul Sangma has taken part in the celebration of the death anniversary of Sonaram Rongrokgre Sangma. At that time he gave up his job to fight against the enemy without bloodshed.
At the same time, Bah Paul Lyngdoh also announced the number 181 which is the helpline number for women in times of need.
The death toll has risen to 51 so far.
MAWU would like to remind that the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma has promised to pay all the salaries of the ASHAs from 2012 to 2018 but until now they have not received half of them. payments.
The Hynniewtrep Border Disputed Redressal Forum (HBDRF) on Friday demanded that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma should not sign a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Assam unless the Assam Government returns it. Block-I which includes dozens of villages under the Labang Nongphyllut Dolloiship in the second phase of the demarcation.
“We have a strong suspicion that there may be those who work inside the office which takes the contract for the registration of people because according to the information of the people who intend to register themselves to get the Aaddhaar Number. “From early morning they have to wait and stand in line while when Khrishna Sapkota comes, he enters without any hesitation and completes the work exactly inside,” said the Seng leaders.
Shillong, Nailar 27: The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, Davis NR Marak, on Tuesday directed all those who set up unregistered houses to take action and inform the police. They must fill out Form C and send it to the office of the Superintendent of Police, Shillong.
At the same time, the party urges the MLA and MDC of the constituency, Bah Pynshngaiñ N.Syiem who is also the CEM of KHADC to bring the issue for discussion in the House. demand what the people have wanted and what they have promised during the election campaign.
On this occasion, the office bearers of the Women's Wing of the village were present to witness this donation to some of the households of the village as an awareness campaign on the need for cleanliness.
“I have already spoken to the police and we will hold a meeting with the Dorbar Shnong in the presence of the police department to investigate the matter,” said Paul.
On the allegation that there are many consultancies, the Prime Minister said that there is a need for them and through them the government has now received nine development projects from abroad worth T. 5000 crores.
New Delhi, Lber 19: The President of India, Droupadi Murmu today received the resignation letter of Telangana Governor Dr Tamilisia Soundarajan and Lieutenant Governor of Puducherry.
They will have the message of Myntri Rangbah Duh along with the names of those people from the area who have sacrificed their lives for the country.
In his speech, Bah Kurkalang said that the CM under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi is ready to provide many assistance to improve football grounds, sports and other assistance to the state. Meghalaya is especially planning to host the National Games in
He said that this is a household chore.
Passenger carrying Taxis in urban or rural areas besides the driver Taxis can carry only one person and autorickshaws besides the driver can carry only two passengers.
