Answering a question on the expiry of the deadline for the transportation of coal on the 15th of this month, Bah Nongtdu said that it is up to the government and the NGT how to do it. .
Police said the suspects identified themselves as Ronand Kyndiah and Daniel Syiem from Shillong.
Police from East Khasi Hills District, Ri Bhoi District and Eastern West Khasi Hills District have arrested Bah Namphyrnai from Mairang and he has been brought to Shillong for further investigation.
The union condemns this barbaric behavior of these people who entered the office of the KHADC today.
After meeting with all the members of the groups and the government, NK Singh, Chairman of the 15th Finance Commission, said that he cannot say anything about what has happened. but he cannot tell you what the state has to do.
“The government should first verify where the mynder and foreigners come from, why they come to the state and it has no intention of allowing them to enter the state while they have to be checked again after questioning. “It's not like we're going to investigate,” said Aguster Jyrwa.
Selflessness and suffering are inherent in the nature of our country and at the same time courage is also part of this nature of the country.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said he remembers how the desire to take money and dominate the people by the previous Governments has caused suffering to the country and said that this is not right because the people are like u God.
The team is also to investigate and prevent the use of money in the elections to ensure that the elections will be fair. walk away.
It is to be recalled that Balarihun Kharlukhi has come sixth in the Top 20 of the SSLC Examination 2020, which is also the first time in the history of Ramkrishna Mission Secondary School, Mylliem. Balarihun Kharlukhi, a clean soh who brought glory through the young woman Balarihun Kharlukhi.
As soon as the MDA government took over in 2018 under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma of the NPP, it started to stir up strict rules against non-government teachers.
Also present on the occasion were Chairman of KHADC Bah LG Nongsiej, Secretary Legislative of KHADC Bah A Shangpliang, CEM of KHADC Bah PN Syiem, Leader of the Opposition Bah Manstudy Nongrem. MDCs and EMs from both sides.
At this meeting, many suggested that there should be markets in the districts, suggested that there should be a Coordination Committee regarding the incident in Langpih, and a meeting between the Chief Ministers of the two districts. The states of Assam and Meghalaya.
More information is available on the updated websites of DD News and Akashvani News and the News on Air app will be of great assistance to users.
An open quiz was also conducted for the participating students.
To strengthen the Navy in the North East, the EAC will receive two warships purchased by India from France along with other warships already in the region.
With this, the total number of negative cases has risen to
Shillong, Jymmang 12: As a continuation of the assistance to farmers in the state, the Minister of State today distributed assistance of T.1.86 crore to 288 farmers in Garo Hills at a meeting held at Tikrikilla in West Garo Hills. Hills District.
Speaking to SP News Agency, South West Khasi Hills District Police Chief Hubert G Lyngdoh said that a group of Bangladeshis have raided Umsur village and abducted Ricky Marwein. the gate of the Hashah family inside the city.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: Former KHADC MDC from Jaiaw Constituency, Martamlin Pyrbot today joined the BJP party and was welcomed by State President Ernest Mawri at the party headquarters. sun.
He said that many of these state newspapers have small offices without any assistance to them, and the state newspapers refuse and accept only small advertisements.
Martle said that this action of the government has angered him so much that he has asked the Executive Committee to authorize him to take up the matter for talks with the state government.
The Superintendent of Police in charge of the Fire Brigade said that they cannot say anything yet as they are still cleaning up the area. of the fire have yet to say anything.
Others, one from Ri Bhoi District who works in Green Wood Resort Assam and one from West Garo Hills District, have tested positive for COVID-1 today in the state there are five cases.
Bah Kanasing, one of the assistants to the farmers from the area, said that the government should look into the problems of the farmers and should set a government price for the survival of the farmers. The Joint Action Committee has urged the Himalayan MLAs to speak out on the issues of the farmers.
Geneva, Switzerland Lber 15: Permanent Representative to the UN, Dino DG Dympep, has sent a letter of congratulations to Cardinal Jorge Mario Bergoglio of Argentina on his election as the 266th Holy Father. of the Catholic Church which is one of the leading Churches to participate fully in the various activities of the United Nations.
There is a maintenance, but it is difficult to see the way it is done.
The UDP is one of the parties within the PDF which has worked together within the EC led by Bah PN Syiem as CEM. HS Shylla MDC of the UDP said that the reply of the CEM will be taken to the Sub Committee of the UDP and this will be discussed tomorrow within the party.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Hek said that the government wants to improve education in the state especially in the field of computer training.
He said that if elected, he will strive to work for the development of the country as a whole and especially in modern education.
More than 11 crore people are involved with these activities.
Anyone who has found him is requested to inform the Mawlai Police Station at 0364-2
The Digital Courts 2.0 application is the latest initiative under the e-Court project to provide court documents to district court judges in digital format.
Phasmon Dkhar, MDC said that this program is very special in his life and will encourage him to serve the people of the constituency and Jaintia Hills as a whole. one through the JHADC for the protection of the Jaintia people.
During his election campaign visit to Mizoram, Conrad said the NPP's candidacy for the MLA elections in Mizoram is that the party has a goal to work for the development of the state.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Marbud Dkhar, President of FKJGP, said, “The reason why we are doing this is because the Minister of Urban Affairs has Ampereen Lyngdoh has criticized the residents of Mawlai for saying that Mawlai is a “slum area”.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: U Bah Eugenson Lyngdoh, after announcing that he has won the mid-term MLA election from Mawphlang Assembly constituency, said, “I don't know if I am the first football player to win the MLA election from Mawphlang Assembly constituency. you are the National Player.
Lok Sabha Speaker Om Birla and Rajya Sabha Secretary Harivansh Narayan Singh attended the meeting among others.
The union expresses its strong opposition to this action of the Health Department and demands that the DMHO should immediately release these posts so that the youth can apply for jobs and compete for interviews. .
Shillong, Lber 25: The Teachers' Union (JACATAM) today at its meeting took a decision to require the government to take a decision within the Cabinet to increase the The salary of adhoc teachers will be increased by 100% before 11.04.2017 as promised by the Prime Minister in the Legislative Assembly.
“One of the shortcomings at present is that the Dorbar Shnongs feel that they have not been empowered and for some of them even to seek or take part in the arrest of the accused. and filing a complaint even at the police station is a difficult task for them.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday sought evidence from the Raid Saw Symper Joint Action Committee on the allegations against the Syiem of Maharam Hima, Pa'iem Niandro Syiemiong.
The KHADC will also request the Chief Minister of Meghalaya to talk to the Chief Minister of Assam to allow the traders to deliver their products to those states as they have done in the past.
India has provided $3.8 billion in aid to Sri Lanka to cope with the economic crisis.
The Dorbar Hima Raid Nongtung has decided to hold the Shad Lakhompong or Shad Rah Kynthei in the village. Thadrang in Mawhati constituency on the 23rd and 24th of this month.
Speaking to media, Agatha Sangma said, “We are witnessing the orderly turnout and the number of people standing in line compared to the Assembly elections. shin that's good.
Umden, November 29: The Nongtluh Farmer Association (NEFA) has organized its third festival titled “Ri Kunai la Tynrai 2021” at Umden. The Raid Nongtluh in Ri Bhoi District which falls under the Mylliem Hima.
Shillong, November 18: U Bah Bindo M Lanong, MDC of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), on Tuesday said that he will send a letter to the CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem. The NPP. Bah Bindo said that his name was sent to the Governor of Meghalaya for appointment as MDC in KHADC during the time of Dr. Donkupar Roy. He recalled that in the last MLA election he contested from Nongkrem as an independent candidate because the party gave ticket to a person who does not belong to the party. The UDP has refused to give ticket to a party candidate for this reason.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills has been directed to investigate the matter and to set up Gramsevak circles.
Shillong, July 17: Today, 12 cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills, 1 case in East Jaintia Hills and 1 case in East Jaintia Hills. 148 people.
This will bring about a major change as it will improve the resources of these authorities so that they can implement various development projects.
He also requested them to take advantage of the training received from the doctors from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and to share this information with others, so that they can get detailed information on how to to fight against such diseases caused by the pyrjong.
All shops and educational institutions in this area have been ordered to remain closed until further notice.
Speaking on the great contribution of Tirot Sing Syiem, Dr. Kharlukhi said that although this hero passed away 187 years ago, his name and reputation is still alive and well. His bravery has been celebrated and remembered not only in Nongkhlaw but throughout Meghalaya.
Besides Dr Azad Zaman, others who took part in the meeting were George B Lyngdoh, HM Shangpliang, Meralborn Syiem, PT Sawkmie, Renikton Tongkhar, Saleng A Sangma and Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma.
– the shalyntem,– the snow and ice that is bright when viewed through,– the things that are placed above the seating area,– the things that are clean. the lynter tree,– the stick of wood, like a shniah shoh maw.
In his speech, he expressed his deep sorrow over the passing away of the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Dr Donkupar Roy. you are now like this.
They urged the Prime Minister to do something to attract tourists.
Taking part in the meeting, the Members of the Parliament of India urged the Central Government to allow them to be members of the district level committees. Raju Alias, Devappa Anna Shetty, Ram Prasad Sarmah, Ramesh Chander Kaushik, Balwinder Singh Bhunder and Bhupinder were present at the meeting. Singh are all members of Parliament.
The police forgot and did nothing when Vicky Dey threatened the members of the Jaidbynriew.
According to a statement issued by the Secretary, Personnel & AR (A) to the State Government, Bah Cyril VD Diengdoh, SC Sadhu, the incumbent Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, He was promoted to serve as Secretary, Community and Rural Development, Fisheries, Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, Water Resources Department and Director of Community and Rural Development.
In detail, the Dry Swab-Direct RT-PCR test method involves taking and sending a nasal swab in a dry manner (as opposed to using the viral transport medium VTM) which facilitates the sending and testing of specimens and it also reduces the risk of exposure and prevents the spread of disease.
On this day he had the opportunity to witness some of the games.
He also expressed his gratitude to the CEM of KHADC Bah Teinwell Dkhar who promised to set up a committee within the KHADC to direct the Dorbar Shnongs to cooperate with the law enforcement agencies. to be witnesses to the arrest of drug traffickers or users in the villages.
This order was issued because of the special session on the 12th July
Shillong, Naitung 03: Spokesperson of the Federation of Khasi States (FKS) John F Kharshiing on Tuesday said that the Instrument of Accession (IAO) signed between the Khasi chiefs and the “The Government of India in 1947 is still alive today and the Central Government is still respected today, they have forgotten that this is the state government,” he said.
They are Larita Syiemlieh, Wanphrangsngi Syiemlieh, 23, Daniki Syiemlieh, 16, Larikynti Syiemlieh, 14, and Darajied Syiemlieh, 14 years old. who was 3 years old.
The Minister in charge of Urban Affairs said that he does not want to see any problems facing the farmers of the state as well as the people involved in the farmers.
According to sources, the Meghalaya Police have refused to allow the Assam Police to build a Police Outpost at the site. and at midnight they had to leave.
The Chief Minister of Assam, Dr. Himanta Biswa Sarma will arrive in Shillong tomorrow, 13th November 2023 to inaugurate the Karbi Hemtun House at Laban. Pinemount School, Shillong and to lay the foundation stone for a 100 bed hostel for students.
There is a need for the KHADC authorities to take action to be intelligent and organize the holding of the Legislative Assembly and the Hima Mylliem Dorbar, the People's Parliament to discuss the issues of landfill, fertilizer collection sites, he cried to the synniang of the bynhei.
Shillong, July 04: The State General Secretary of the BJP, Bah Bashailang Khongwir, has strongly condemned Dr Mukul Sangma and the Congress government at a public meeting in Patharkhmah today. Hydro project without paying for the land.
At this meeting, the JAC said that without public explanation in the villages, the Umsning Sub Division should not be handed over to the private sector. what happened in Mawkyrwat and Mawsynram and also in Garo Hills.
This will be a demonstration of a long-term worth and the Mahotsav will be more than a celebration.
To implement this project, the State Government has donated 6 lakh tyngka for the first time and today 20th June 2024 the State Government has donated 6 lakh tyngka. 15 lakh tyngka to the Mawlai Town Dorbar and the total amount received has reached 21 lakh tyngka.
Shillong, Lber 17: The residents of Mawphlang, Mawkyrwat and Ranikor constituencies have decided to see the construction of the road from Mawphlang to Ranikor.
Speaking to reporters at Congress Bhavan today, he said that out of 60 constituencies, 40 constituencies have received their nominations. Nominations from 26 constituencies and 24 constituencies in Garo Hills have been received.
The Adviser of LSK, Kong P.Lyngdoh, added, “We have seen many benefits from the participation of women in the Dorbar Shnongs.
The Chief Minister said that 118 tests were taken and 68 tests were received yesterday of which 6 tests were confirmed positive.
Tura, July 20 : It will be an evening of indescribable joy for the entire football team of Ri-Bhoi District after its men and women football players won the tournament. to win the gold medal in the 18-year-old men's and women's category.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The People's Democratic Front (PDF) today sent a letter to the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Thomas A Sangma informing him that it has joined the National People's Party (NPP).
"We will continue to demand clarification of the list of drugs that have been destroyed (in Marten) as the Drugs and Cosmetic Rules, 1940 and the Drugs and Cosmetic Rules, 1945 state that damaged drugs must be disposed of. “The Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed between the Government and the companies supplying the drugs we don't know yet,” he said. said.
The union also demanded from the Home Minister, Amit Shah to set up Special Border Units in the border areas to patrol and guard against the exploitation of the people. Meghalaya is one of the states affected by the illegal entry of Bangladeshis as it borders with Bangladesh.
Shillong, June 11: Jowai Police on Tuesday said that an incident has occurred at Gayo Restaurant, Iawthymme in Ladthalabog, Jowai where an unidentified person has stabbed Kong Emjingmut Biam.
The Khasi Jaintia Church Leaders' Forum (KJCLF) on Tuesday said that the implementation of the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) will lead to the destruction of the custom of giving birth to the Khasi people.
In connection with this year's Behdieñkhlam, 66 Rongs from different Raijs were performed in the presence of tens of thousands of people from all over the country. East Jaintia Hills and many people from all over the country came to take part.
The competition was held with the aim of involving the youth of the state in the field of dance.
The North Eastern Institute of Ayurveda and Homeopathy (NEIAH) is a self-governing training institution under the Ministry of Ayush, Government of India.
The two new members of the Executive Committee from the NPP include Mawsynram MDC Alvin K Sawkmie and Laitumkhrah-Malki MDC Fantin Joseph Lakadong.
On the other hand, the residents want the Civil Hospital Shillong to increase the price so that the people who have to undergo tests this year do not know the price so that they do not waste time standing in line.
Prestone said that in the complaint lodged by the BSF against Running, the BSF said that on the night of 5th June, the Mobile Check Post (MCP) party of G -Company 4 Battalion BSF on Pynursla-Dawki road near Wahkdiat village.
KSU President F. Nongrem said that the meeting decided to demand from the Juvenile Justice Board (JJB) to send for a thorough age test of Tekstarly Lyngkhoi. If he is still a child, he should be tested so that he can be punished according to the law.
At this meeting, he said that if the village can provide land, the KHADC will provide the Resources Recovery Centre. It has the responsibility to look after the cleanliness of the morning.
However, part of the MDoNER was given to NEDFi as an interest-free loan to be repaid after 15 years.
On the same day, the Minister also launched the Regeneration Meghalaya Project Programme.
The President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPC) Vincent H Pala said that at the meeting, some of the MLAs who fought against the party should be punished. The report will be sent to Delhi today.
Passah said that regarding the demand of the party which has already been sent to the Chief Minister regarding the abolition of the personal interview from October 2022, but until now the The party has not yet received a reply.
On the 16th, the President will address the members of the Self Help Groups at Baljek Airport, Tura and will lay the foundation stone of the new Integrated Administration Complex, Tura through digital media.
It is what is changing as time goes on.
It also reduces crime such as violence, hotel robbery, and robbery and robbery, among others.
These places are Nongthymmai, Nongmynsong, Mawlai, Nongkseh, Umlyngka, Lummawbah, Lawsohtun, Mawpat and New Shillong Township.
According to the figures released today, 495 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in the state and 4464 people are still infected.
Referring to the discovery of uranium by the Manipur Police, the Chief Minister said that he has no information regarding the discovery of uranium in Manipur. “It is a very serious matter and the government will look into it,” he said.
With this announcement, the Ministry of Rural Development has announced that all these villages will no longer fall under the old category.
The theme of this year's Conference is “Harmonious Coordination between Legislature, Executive and Judiciary – Key to a Vibrant Democracy.
As the moderator, he congratulated the supporters of Mawsynram and the neighbors from the parents, the elderly, the youth and the children who came to attend the ceremony. participated by expressing his deepest condolences and sorrow in connection with this unforgettable incident which has shocked the nation, family members, friends, neighbors and neighbours. everything.
The GHSMC delegation, which is currently in Delhi, has already met with the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kiren Rijiju and is now waiting to meet with the Minister of State for Child Development at the Prime Minister's Office. Shillong, Nailar 06: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) has issued a statement saying that it supports the Garo people and the Garo people. The Garo Hills State Movement Committee (GHSMC) but with one opinion that “They should demand their shares and not lose even an inch of the land of the Khasi Hills”.
The influx of foreigners in the state is not only to earn money but also to prevent the youth from standing on their own feet.
Shillong, March 11: The annual Durga Puja celebrations ended today amid peace and order amidst police patrols across the state.
At the same time, the Government through the Shillong Municipal Board on 16th November 2020 has given permission to the contractor who has taken over the Parking Lot of the Government to collect taxes from the farmers who come to sell jhur in the area. Vehicles cannot park anymore because the space has been used by the farmers who come to sell jhur in this area.
Shillong, Lber 03: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) will launch the Indradhanush 4.0 vaccination campaign for children under two years of age from 7/ 3/2022 and the vaccination will be in three parts.
These crimes against women have been investigated by women police officers, at the same time they have been trained on how to deal with violence against women, including the telephone. A 24×7 line has been set up by the Directorate of Social Welfare.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri-bhoi District on Tuesday visited the Health Sub Center of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri-bhoi District. Sohphoh Village, Mawhati Constituency has not been operational for more than 5 years since the government completed its construction.
There were 20 men and 10 women in the ball bearing competition.
Twenty-one students, including 16 who passed the SSLC examination and 5 students who passed the HSSLC examination, received Momentos along with cash prizes.
He said that this is the time when people come to renew their trading licenses even if they are not in the office it will be difficult for the office to renew.
According to information received by the SP News Agency, the road has been allocated by the Central Government under the Special Central Scheme. I have been silent to this day without working.
The meeting also decided to send government ministers and other government officials to hoist the flag of India on the Independence Day on the 15th of this month.
The total number of recoveries so far is 131 and the total number of recoveries is 2020, from West Garo Hills 10, West Khasi Hills 21, East Khasi Hills 92 and Ri Bhoi
At that time, the SDO said that he could release up to Laitlyngkot.
To set up a casino, the permission of the Syiem of Raid Marwet and the Rangbah Shnong of that area must be obtained. If the Syiem of Raid Marwet refuses, the KHADC will have to write to the Rangbah Shnong. I don't want more light.
In the past few days, police have raided a GNLA camp in Durama Hills.
Bah Martam said that this crisis has affected the whole world, those who have been most affected are the contractors, it is because the government has ordered to open shops but the contractors don't have the money to buy because they don't get It is for this reason that these assistance donated today by the village has been selected only for those households who are in dire need.
This year's 2018 festival is the 107th festival since its inception.
These two policemen have received the Best Shillong Traffic Policemen Award for the year
In this session, six Bills were introduced in the Lok Sabha.
The AITC leader alleged that this is a betrayal of the people and said that he has already spoken on this issue since 2019, but the government has refused.
He said that a special thank you to Bah Vincent Pala and Debora Marak who have given their full support to the winner of the MP election. it was the most wonderful.
Shillong, Nailar 21: After the Public Health Engineering (PHE) Department of the State Government has lodged a complaint with the Ranikor Police Station, the OC of Borsora Police Station has ordered the Oc of Borsora to poise out. Post to investigate the complaint of the PHE department. On the complaint of the government water supply department, Borsora police have started investigation and have been able to recover the PHE water pipes which have been cut lyngkhot. The recovered piles have been deposited at Ranikor Police Station and police have registered a case.
At the same time, the PDF Mylliem expresses its gratitude and appreciation to the parents, schools and teachers who have been the inspiration to the youth to reach their goals, guidance and encouragement. Their contribution from time to time is a great contribution that encourages the students to strive forward in search of knowledge and to rise to higher levels.
His body was found near Tura.
Shillong, Nailur 24: The BJP Shillong City today held a candlelight vigil at Khyndaitlad as a sign of condolences to the soldiers who sacrificed their lives in the war. At least 18 soldiers were killed in an attack by Pakistani troops in Uri, Jammu and Kashmir on Sunday.
“Regarding the five entry and exit points, the check posts which should have been set up in East Jaintia Hills, namely Mooriap, Lakasein, Umkyrpong, Ratacherra and Malidor, the District Administration has already completed. The District Administration will soon announce the report and appoint an Expert Committee to read and give advice on the report if necessary before proceeding to other parts of the report. regarding the preparation of these entry and exit points in the District.
Dr. Pooja Pandey, Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District, said that she has sent the relevant authorities from the C&RD Block to investigate the incident. The District authorities will send relief measures as soon as possible to the affected refugees.
He informed that more arrests will be made after investigation from the woman, who is currently undergoing treatment.
Shillong, Naitung 02: The Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda Cultural Center today distributed certificates to the 95th and 35th batch students of Computer Science and Language at a function held in Shillong.
Many of the candidates announced by the parties are in the KHADC while there are still very few candidates for the JHADC.
He said that the KHADC's purpose of the committee is based on the letter received by the council on the need to relocate villages from one constituency to another.
This was announced by the teachers' leaders Bah N Dkhar and Bah JJ Lyngkhoi.
They must also provide all the necessary documents such as Labor Licence, Trading Licence, Work Permit and other documents to prove themselves; Therefore, the Union of Maham has forgotten that the time will come when something sad will happen to the people in the villages.
The party has confidence in this leader to put the welfare of the people first but this has surprised them.
To enrich the day, there were also songs and a cake was performed by M Lyngdoh Chairperson of the Women's Church.
The Garo language is spoken in four districts of Garo Hills in Meghalaya and includes parts of Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
The Congress has illegally introduced people while the BJP wants to introduce a bill that both threatens the state.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister also spoke about many of the works that the government will continue to do for the development of the state in many areas.
These sites will fall from under the NH-40 Shillong to Dawki and the sites will be from Rilbong, 3 miles, 5 miles, 7 miles, Baniun and Marbaniang which will be constructed by the Meghalaya government.
Speaking at the foundation stone laying ceremony, Fr.Venky Friding Kharsyiemiong, Parish Priest of Mawkyrwat Parish, blessed the church to stand on its own feet and to be able to also complete the service in the right manner and at the right time.
It was the efforts of the Central Government that after the 73rd Constitutional Amendment, the PRIs should be empowered and functional.
The NEFIP leader said that if the Indian government feels that the minorities are being discriminated against in Pakistan and Bangladesh, why doesn't it file a complaint with the United Nations instead of the United Nations? The UN wants to introduce the CAB to make these people Indians.
The purpose of this is to strengthen the work of the party as part of the preparations for the MP elections and some legislative elections to be held next year such as in Arunachal Pradesh, Assam and Mizoram. The MDC election in Meghalaya.
“I am pleased to see that this ground is located near the school,” said the NEEPCO chief, adding that the ground promotes the youth in the field of sports while The school provides education to the children in the field of education.
In this incident, the two erected in the courtyard of the office escaped the fire.
The festival was organized by the Department of Information and Public Relations (DIPR) in collaboration with the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting (MI&B) through the Directorate of Film Festivals of the Union Government.
Shillong, March 20: As part of the National Children's Science Congress (NCSC 2023), the State Council of Science, Technology and Environment, Meghalaya, recently held a District Level Children's Science Congress in all 12 districts of the state. in collaboration with the District Planning Offices of the Districts.
In the mixed team of Revurve, South West Khasi Hills District and West Jaintia Hills District are the winners.
He also urged the authorities of Nongstoiñ Civil Hospital to take action against the employees who do not take their duties seriously to avoid any incident. the sick especially the poor.
During the meeting, KAS also observed a two-minute silence in memory of the 10 members who have passed away since 2022-2
Shillong, Lber 19: The FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle under the leadership of Samla Mac Donald Kharkongor, Vice President and Samla Arphin Stone Marbaniang, Asst General Secretary on 6th March 2018 visited Mawrashe Village to explain to the public. Work with the Foundations of the Organization.
The Banking Regulation Act 1949, The Companies Act 1956, The Public Debt Act  1944,  The Meghalaya Town and Country Planning Act,1973 and the Meghalaya Building Bye Laws; The UK-JHAD ( Establishment of Town Committee) Act 1960 & ka The UK-JHAD (Establishment of Town Committee) rules 1962 ;  The UK-JHAD Rules 1959, the Cantonment Act 2006 and many other Acts and Rules of India which are in violation of the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement 17th August 1948 between the Government of India and the Forty Khasi Hills States.
“We call on the owners of vehicles to join hands with us to oppose the railway to East Jaintia Hills because we don't see any benefit from the railway but only the consequences,” he said.
In the presence of SDSEO SP Kurbah, SDO Mairang Civil Sub Division FM Lakiang, he awarded the prizes to the students who have passed well. awards to students who have passed well in the SSLC in Arts and Commerce.
Shillong, March 29: Four members of the GNLA today surrendered to the police of East Garo Hills District with their weapons.
Earlier, while the officer was being brought into the House, NPP MLA James K Sangma opposed the action and said that regardless of whether it is right or wrong. He said he did not want to see the officer appear and left the court during the summons.
If this work continues like this, many sorrows will increase.
Answering questions, she said that if the people elect her as MP, she will provide the best service for the people and she is happy that all the party has and as a family and family members. ha sem that don lang.
The party also discussed and reminded the Symbud Myntri Rangbah to implement the demands put forward by the HFU during the 1Farmer Parliament.
“There are five issues which will be submitted to the Expert Committee headed by Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh and before doing so, we have brought them before the CEC of you party.
The union also raises the question of those railway workers who have to provide guards, why are they special until the DC receives any allocation from the NFR to take action to provide guards? This shows clearly that the DC himself wants and wants to bring about ethnic discrimination and not anyone started it but The DC Ribhoi has started such a road.
Speaking to media, he said that after convening a meeting last month, the government has taken many measures to resolve the issue. After discussions, the power outage was reduced to two hours.
Shillong, Lber 31: Leaders of the Seng Khasi Kmie Mawkhar today invited the Governor of Meghalaya to attend the Suk Mynsiem Festival on the 10th June 2023 at Weking Square. , Shillong.
The Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, has already announced that the government will not hesitate to fight against drug traffickers. state.
On the other hand, the NPP said that if the market can get only T.45 tyngka per kilo of sugarcane, the government will have to buy up to T.54.27 per kilogram of sugarcane, as the central government pays only T.18.50 tyngka. and the buyers pay only T.20 tyngka which is more than the budget of the state government.
“We don’t quite know how it happens and in what order it happens.
The three-day festival, which will end on Sunday, had to cancel all programs on the opening day including musicians and singers.
Desmon General Secretary of the UDP Nongthymmai, on Tuesday said that former MLA Dr Jemino Mawthoh has not done politics but has followed the scheme which has allocated T.5.92 crore. Only Nongrah which came from the National Rural Water Supply Scheme which was approved on 31/ October
Batesi TV on Tuesday witnessed a large crowd at the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District who started standing in line from 9:00 pm to get the office. it opens at 10:00 am.
“Your strategic leadership has elevated India’s prestige, status and strength like never seen before.
The price of 1 liter bottle starts from T.99 tyngka and the price of 200 ML bottle starts from T.20 tyngka.
The Postal Department, which has 68 offices and 348 branches, will also refund the money and this will make it easier for the people especially in the rural areas.
The ability to mobilize untied funds will enable states to act quickly.
The request was made by Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, Meghalaya State Planning Board; Chairman, The Assembly of Chief Executive Officers of the Republic of Hynniewtrep; bad Chairman, Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya; and Adviser, Seng Kur Kharshiing, in the presence of Ma Madon Rymbai, MDC, Chief Executive Member, JHADC, at 11.30 pm at the office of the District Council, Jowai, on 28th November
“If any man will come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross...” Luke 9:2
The Kharbanglas enter Meghalaya without documents and often claim to be from Assam.
In the case of dead pigs, the hole should be covered by digging a hole and shun should be planted before covering the ground and following the instructions.
There are 9 deaths from the disease today, of which 6 are from East Jaintia Hills, 1 from East Khasi Hills and 5 from East Khasi Hills. The death toll has risen to 1163 in Ri Bhoi District.
According to the information received, the cold weather did not last long, but the damage to the houses was due to the cold weather. Many houses covered with tin have been destroyed due to the cold weather.
The robbers, after throwing the bomb, threw the body of Tengton into the forest and threw the motorbike along the road.
This is according to a statement from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare until 9 pm this morning.
On the other hand, the Seng also requests the relevant authorities to look into this road and also to build it as soon as possible so that it will be convenient for those who come and go to the training centre.
Shillong, June 30: The Border Security Force (BSF) and Bangladesh Border Guard (BSF) on Tuesday held a meeting at Gumaghat in South West Khasi Hills District on April 29,
“The discussion is not based on the fact that they cannot show sufficient evidence that we are involved, we have said clearly that if any member of the KSU needs to speak clearly, we are ready. to come when we're not doing anything," he said.
Shillong, Nailar 24: The Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Bharati Pravin Pawar today arrived in Shillong to inspect the working methods of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and schemes. related to health care funded by the Central Government in Meghalaya.
Answering questions, he said that it is not yet known whether there will be any Bills that the EC will introduce in the current session.
He said, “We have to be courageous and bring about changes that affect the lives of the citizens.
Speaking to media on Friday, Bah Pyniaid said that the Executive Committee of the Council has congratulated the Governor for approving the Establishment of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District. The Second Amendment Regulation, Act, 2021 was passed by the Legislative Assembly of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council in
The High Court also acknowledged that the Governor no longer has any powers and Regulation No. 5 of 1952 has also died.
Through this letter , they would like to inform and request the government to set up these committees to empower the villages in collaboration with the law enforcement agencies to fight against drugs in the villages and in at the same time it will announce clearly the signs.
This call came after receiving information that foreigners who used to trade in Ichamati village have now moved to set up a new market in Kalibari village.
Shillong, March 11: Police have recovered the body of a young man from Golflink Forest on Tuesday.
The BSF chief said that the smuggling of cows to Bangladesh has started to decline after Assam introduced the Cow Protection Act. .
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Tuesday announced a sit-in in front of the Meghalaya Secretariat on the 19th of this month from 10 am to 4:30 pm. The MDA Government led by Conrad Sangma as Prime Minister has refused to respond to the demand of the VPP for the reinstatement of the officers who have been dismissed from the Lok Ayukta.
Furthermore, the tournaments and programs are clearly identified to ensure inclusion in various sports.
Shillong, July 08: KSU Khliehriat Town Unit on the evening of 7th July 2022 seized an Alto 800 (AS 11 5670) suspected to be Khar Bangladeshis. through the village of Kuliang.
On this day, tourists from within the country as well as abroad came to witness various festivals.
As a senior journalist, he has made a great contribution in this field.
In his speech, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, Minister of State, said that the opening of this bank in Sohiong will help a lot to the people of this area and to make them comfortable as this is a bank recognized by the government. middle.
According to the farmers who came to take part in the exhibition and sell their soh at the same time, they said that the problem they faced was the excessive infestation of soh niamtra trees. where they cannot be treated.
The bodies of the two deceased were taken to the Civil Hospital Shillong for post mortem.
On the part of the officers, Chief Secretary MS Rao, other government officials from the Food and Civil Supplies Department, Finance Department and other government departments attended the special meeting. sun.
Regarding the petition submitted by the AJMW&LU, the Minister promised to implement to the best of his ability the demands, even if not all of them can be implemented.
As it is now, the Congress party, although it has failed in the rule of law, there is still a lot of tension within it and this has been evident by the suspension of Bah PN Syiem and the resignation of four MDCs from the party. Referring to the case of Dekkanshi D. Shira's which the Hon'ble High Court has ruled in his favour, he said that this should be forgotten and they should work. together for the development of the state through the schemes of the Central Government.
Shillong, March 27: The Central Government has taken measures to increase the price of petrol in the market by reducing taxes to reduce the price of petrol. eat.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: U Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy today swore in Justice Mohammad Rafiq as the Chief Justice of the High Court of Meghalaya at Raj Bahvan today.
During the meeting, they said that they have informed the VPP MLAs about the police's harassment and the police's appearance and they will discuss this with the Prime Minister regarding the struggle according to the VPP. democratic ritual.
Mihmyntdu-3, Mihmyntdu B-1, Mission Compound Jowai-1, Mookhep-1, Mookyrdup-1, Moolamylliang-6, Moopala-5, Muktapur-1, Musiang Lamare-7, Mynkre-25, Nartiang-2, New Hill –  32, Nongsning-10, Ratacherra-1, S.J.Road Jowai-1, Sookilo-21, Sunapur-1, Sutnga-1, Thadlaskein-1, Thangskai-45, Tongseng-9, Tympang Club-7, Umkiang-33, Umlaper-4, Ummulong-2, Wahiajer-1, Wapungskur-1, 7mer (Pasyih)-17, Phramer-43 and 118 Trading Licenses which can trade in many villages from one licence.
“If Nagaland can, if Mizoram can, our state should also succeed,” said Thabah.
The FIR was received by the office of the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District and signed by the owner of the shop, Bah M Rapsang.
and is also one of the companies in India to market eyeglasses, has been able to open up to the public other types of eyeglasses through the Switchers Collection – in a bid to attract consumers because these can produce up to 100 different colors from just one eye.
This was announced by the Secretary of the MUPSTA, Bah S. Lamare in an interview with the media on Saturday.
Other speakers on the occasion were D Dhyan from Assam who said that the protest was against India's attempt to exploit the people of the North East. India has not granted ILP to other places and states.
Also present on the occasion were the President of the Union, Bah Lorenzo P Warjri, Bah Sam Lyngdoh of Team Revolution and the winners of the tournament.
These people can be punished.
Dr. Kumar spoke in more detail about the establishment of Common Facility Centres, Knowledge and Cultural Centres, Karma Schools, Market Complexes, Dairies and Nurseries, Fish Ponds and Skill Development Centres.
Speaking to reporters, he said that in fact the government still wants to appoint Meena Kharkongor as Chairperson after the expiry of the term but because of the rule, she has to appoint her. Kharkongor, Secretary, was appointed.
Shillong, Naitung 26: The Commissioner and Secretary in charge of Rural Development today informed that the government has issued a government notice to the villages under Mawlai C&RD Block and Mawpat C&RD. The block was inaugurated by the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The Federation of Khasi States, Sirdarships and others, which met on 25th May 2017 at the Dorbar Office in Shillong, today decided to on the Government of India's proposal to amend the Sixth Scheduled Schedule in which it is proposed according to the working draft to bring in and substitute Village Councils and Municipal Councils under the Sixth Scheduled Schedule of India. .
Police have arrested 27 drug dealers and one of them is an escapee from Civil Hospital Shillong who lodged a complaint at Rynjah Police Station. 2022.
Thus, the life and death of the Hynniewtrep people depends on two things: which way to choose; Thousands of children of Hynniewtrep want to surrender or fight.
Shillong, Naitung 25: The Chief Executive Member of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has been appointed as the Chief Executive Member of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC). ) Bah Thombor Shiwat said that this month the Council still has the funds to pay the salaries of the Council employees, but in the coming months if the government does not release the Council's share. They don't have enough money to pay the salary from the royalty.
If you study English or Hindi but remember to love your own language and when you talk to each other you should not speak in the language of others,” said Kong Silbi.
On Saturday, the BSF troops not only conducted games for the school children from the area but also distributed medicines to more than 200 people in these villages. the villagers have benefited.
He also directed that there should be cooperation with the school authorities and government authorities so that the students can avoid any problems and diseases.
The NHAI will collect the road and pay back to the company that built the road.
Shillong, Lber 08: The Office of the Commissioner in charge of Revenue has issued an order to implement GST Mobile Squad gates in four places in Meghalaya. .
This was submitted to the Chief Minister today.
Speaking to the members of AJHMDWU, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills has given permission to sit in front of the MBOSE office from 9 am to 5 pm. 10 o'clock Friday night.
On this occasion, the Hima appealed to the people to fight against COVID-19 and urged them to come forward to get the Tika. minute to commemorate the great Syiem of the Hima who gave his life for the sake of the country.
The Speaker of KHADC said that only the Salary Amendment Bill of MDCs has been pending for four months in fact the MDCs should have been considered.
He said that the Mawkynrew Constituency should be slow. I don't know why the NPP has spent too much money. Even among the NPP leaders, there has been a competition for the post of Chief Minister. and West.
Shillong, March 02: The Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma today said that the government led by Conrad K Sangma is run by the BJP and this has been seen since today. that he shall not be sworn in as the Chief Minister of the State.
Mawsmai is home to the famous Nohsngithiang Valley, the beautiful Pubon Crematorium, Thangkharang Park, Eco Park and the newly opened Khmat Kharai Valley or Double Drive.
The race was held at Dobasipara and Praharinagar. The 400 participants were BSF personnel and BSF personnel. The race started on 15/8/2020 and will end on 2/10/2020.
“Yes, we allowed only 5-6 of them to enter the police station, while the rest waited outside the phalor.
The BJP will open its office in Tura on the 21st of this month in the presence of party leaders such as Ram Mahdev Political Secretary. Nalin Kholi, Spokesperson of the party and Prashnat Arora, Coordinator of the North Eastern Region.
The passing crowds testify to that quality of work.
Two application slips in the name of the United Khasi Movement (UKM), two application slips in the name of the Federation of Khasi United People (FKUP) and two application slips in the name of One application slip in the name of the KHYC and two application slips in the name of the KHYC.
Tripura Chief Minister Manik Saha, Deputy Chief Minister and Delhi Health Minister Manish Sisodia attended the meeting.
Speaking to media after a meeting with the Deputy Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah John Kharshiing, he said that the complaint is like that of private individuals from the Hima who live abroad. The Hima has urged the KHADC to hold the Lyngdoh election in the Hima.
On the other hand, the village will meet with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek.
New Delhi, Nailar 27: The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, today in his address to the people of the country through the 104th Mann Ki Baat, expressed his gratitude to the people of India. Brian D.Kharpran from Meghalaya has an interest in research on crematoria.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Prestone Tynsong, today said that the government today has spoken again regarding the request of many people to reopen the Iewduh and the market in Police Bazar.
New Delhi, Naitung 13: The Union Cabinet today approved the Pradhan Mantri Kaushal Vikas Yojana and allocated Rs 12,000 crore for the training of 100,000 youth in these fields. four years to come 2016-2
“I am pleased to see the hard work between the MBA, BFI and the State Government in which it has been successful,” said Bah Warjri.
“Now if the Government feels that it is an urgent matter, we have to complete even this restructuring (of the constituencies) before the new elections.
The Governor will visit the SOS in July 2019 which is their anniversary.
Shashi Kant ADG (E), North East Zone AIR and DDK, while speaking as the chief guest, said that such a competition provides an opportunity for the youth who have the talent to sing. for the benefit of all.
He is from Rupasara village, Barak Valley, Assam.
“During our visit yesterday, we found that some market dwellers who are not from the Khasi community have been selling along the road without proper documents,” he said.
JYF EJH also urged the people of this area to cooperate with these drivers and the law enforcement agencies will be able to bring victory.
The government understands how to do it and will send a letter to those groups to ensure that it will not burn and he hopes that it can be resolved through dialogue.
Shillong, March 6: Four cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in hospitals, three cases in East Khasi Hills, one case in Ri Bhoi, one case in Ri Bhoi. There are 36 confirmed cases and 4 recoveries today.
On the other hand, the president of the party welcomed the return of the Nongstoin MDC.
The ceremony was conducted by Shngainlang R Dkhar, Member of the VEC. On this occasion, 20 students including 2 students in masters degree, 3 students in degree On the same day, the Dorbar Shnong through the VEC also honored 11 elders of the village who passed first in various grades in the village including u Fr. Ferdinad Dkhar who passed Matric first, Dr. Wanroi Dkhar who passed MBBS first from Iongkaluh.
The cows were transported in two Bolero Pickups. The BSF arrested the driver and the follower of the two men and handed them over to the Dangngar Police Station for further investigation. don't according to the law.
Those who want and seek benefit, sit quietly like hunters.
Besides, it was also discussed that the government should remove the garbage dump at Mawlai and move it elsewhere.
U Bah HM Shangpliang urged the government that the farmers should not face such a problem because there is no reason, anywhere to say that the price of this crop will drop, but this may be the reason. the market is everywhere.
Resources such as money, technology and people will reach from one country to another through this modernized system.
He said that all the office bearers of the Seng Samla have nothing to do with political parties.
The General Secretary of WKSU, Sengkmie D.Sun said that the meeting discussed the issue of building an ITI department at Sohpian village which is 7 km from Nongstoin. The 4th Battalion Nongstoin is the most suitable site among others.
The decision was taken by the Chairman of the NCST, an office equal to the Supreme Court and the Election Commission, after meeting with a group of five Chief Executive Members who met him face to face on the 3rd of this month. on Jan 14, 2014 in New Delhi.
The last public meeting will be held in Shillong on a date yet to be fixed.
This has led many to question the fundamental rights of the country's democracy and the protection of minorities," the statement said.
: Two persons have been arrested on Tuesday for involvement in the murder of foreigners in Ichamati and Mawlai Mawroh.
Shillong, Lber 06: U Bah Lambor Malangniang MLA of Nongkrem and Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board today led a group of Rangbah Shnongs of Nongkrem area to meet with the Chief Minister. K Sangma to demand the Community and Rural Development Block in Nongkrem.
Therefore, TULBA has come forward to demand a law to protect the jaitbynriew.
The meeting also elected Kyllang S Thongi as General Secretary, Nelson Kharbani as Vice President, Will Sohsang as Assistant Secretary and Binos Myrshiang has been appointed as the spokesperson of the party, according to the president of the party, Lamphrang Kharbani.
Speaking at the distribution ceremony, M War Secretary, Information Department, Government of Meghalaya, said that she congratulates all the participants and winners of the competition.
Shillong, Lber 13: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today expressed his deep sorrow to learn of the passing away of Atul Marak, former Minister of State. grandchildren and relatives on this tragic incident.
In the rural areas, even if there are 50/100 people, no one can see the area.
India's first AstroSat space observatory was launched by the Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO) on 28th November, 2015 during the first term of the Modi Government.
The parking of vehicles to carry food items was also at Anjelle Petrol Pump as vehicles could not enter Mawlong Market, they had to wait for their turn to enter.
Ampareen said that their discussion regarding the dismissal of these officers in the Meghalaya Lokayukta is in accordance with the rules of law.
What is more shocking is that private vehicles from outside Meghalaya come to Meghalaya without receiving any permission from the state government or the state where they register their vehicles.
According to the latest news from the police, three persons have been arrested and four others have been taken away. who is involved in the incident in Ichamati.
Shemphang L.Mawphlang Vice President, KSU Mawpat who led the members of KSU Mawpat gave words of condolences to these families and at the same time they also distributed food items. flour and other household necessities.
The teacher was identified as Richard Stranger M Sangma.
Police said that the incident took place inside a taxi.
In these years, KAS has been fighting by meeting with government officials, but it has not succeeded. to the federal government.
The Government has held a meeting with the health workers to explain to them to accept the vaccination. After this, the vaccination rate has increased to 80%. 70% have completed the first phase and 57% have completed the second phase.
The beneficiaries of various schemes explained the changes in their lives on this day.
Thombor said that according to the rules, the Assam and Meghalaya Autonomous District Council Rules, 1951 clearly states that the Assam and Meghalaya Autonomous District Council Rules, The Special Session requires three MDCs to sign to convene the Special Session, while 20 MDCs must sign to convene the Special Session.
With the opening of this bridge, it will connect the villages of the War area from Sohbar to Nongjri, Umniuntmar and parts of Majai to Shella.
The body has been taken to the Civil Hospital Shillong for visitation.
Police are investigating into the incident.
Later, St. Thiruvalluvar ji said that NeerIndri Amiyadhu Ulganein means that if the water starts to disappear, then the natural processes will be affected and will come to an end.
It is true that there is a need to protect the environment, but at the same time it should not affect the livelihood of the people. at the same time, the people will earn from the mineral resources in the state.
Principal Secretaries (Health), Mission Directors (NHMs) and State Surveillance Officers of all these states attended the meeting.
It is estimated that 2000 people will take part in the event.
On receiving this information, the police rushed to the scene and conducted a search operation in the area.
New Delhi, Jymmang 30: On the second day of his visit to Manipur, Union Minister of State for Defense and Cooperation, Amit Shah held talks with civil society groups, leaders and intellectuals. , retired army officers and officers in Imphal.
The upper parts of Baramaputra are connected by railway.
Five new cases, three from East Khasi Hills and two from West Garo Hills have been confirmed, bringing the total number of recoveries to 92441 cases, 1595 deaths.
The committee is to look into the ways and means to put in place measures to prevent the entry and exit of people into the state.
“If there is any confirmation, I will talk to the village leaders in the area to allocate land,” he said.
Wind speed of 30 to 40 km is expected in the next three days from the 14th to 15th of this month and thunderstorms are expected on the 12th and 13th of this month. month.
Members of the Seng had stopped shooting due to the presence of paradoh parasnam that night, and their troops had also refused to shoot the guards at the factory.
Shillong, Naitung 02: The residents of Kseh, Muknor and Khahnar villages have faced many problems due to the deterioration of the road from Pala village headquarters.
He said that all political parties have to follow the rules and regulations according to the Deputy Secretary of the DCA department of the state government.
Regarding arrears, the payment will be 40% in the first payment and the remaining 60% will be paid in the two financial years 2018 and
The SP said that the PS-20 is a GPS device designed to measure the wind.
Regarding the recruitment of teachers in colleges, the University Grant Commission issues the rules from time to time, but the most important thing is that those who want to teach must pass the UGC National Eligibility Test.
In response to these special policies, the Central Government has introduced an amendment known as Amendment 102 to the Constitution of India which states that the recognition of those who are lagging behind shall be The President of India.
: A Gypsy of Police parked at Mawlai Police Station, Shillong has been set on fire by unidentified robbers.
He said that after visiting the border areas, the party found that Assam does not charge any money for those who want to register land in Assam. Money from border residents who wish to register land in Meghalaya.
He said that in the past few years, the Modi government has achieved great success in resolving peace, security and border issues in the country. region.
The village urges MeECL to look into these problems of Shella.
It was in the year 1873, in the outskirts of the Khasi Hills, that a different kind of tree, a strange tree, appeared, which was different from others and would carry lyngkhung kit lyngkor to fame.
In this regard, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Bah PS Dkhar, said that no report has been received yet regarding the overpriced distribution of ration. The government has set the price of three tyngka per kilo and will send officers of the office to investigate.
Even if you have a trick to buy a job, many jobs earn thanksgiving.
Regarding the delays here and there, this is inevitable but the government always thinks every day and when they find that there are shortcomings it tries to resolve the issues as the days go by. “The leaders of the people should think before criticizing,” said Prestone.
Meghalaya has set a target to complete the supply of water to all households in rural areas by
Shillong, July 19: Police in North Garo Hills today arrested Nangsem Marak, 36, from Bolsong village. The ULFA and the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA).
Shillong, Iaiong 06: The Cabinet today decided to pay T.700/- per month to those small and medium shopkeepers who have not yet registered with the government. This is a ban to fight against COVID-1
As the residents of Narpuh Elaka, we cannot accept this violence by these foreigners.
The completed building is environmentally friendly and has all the modern facilities.
Earlier, Lafarge's conveyor belt had also been installed in parts of India as it connects India and Bangladesh to transport coal from Nongtrai to Bangladesh.
As it is the law, the MPCA will collect these names and send them to the UIDAI office, as it is in charge of this matter, if it can remove those who I don't want to have an Aadhaar Card.
He said that he has visited Shillong from time to time but this is the first time he has visited this holy place.
He said that he had met with the Director of the Government Development Department to ask for an explanation whether there was any wrongdoing on his part as it was the government department which had allocated the money from the government department. part of the Special Urban Work Programmed (SUWP).
Strict rules are required for independent road construction inspections before the release of road construction funds.
The complaint said that because she did not comply with what the Director said, he withheld her salary for about six months on the grounds that she did not perform her duties properly. The complaint to the Principal Secretary said that it is not her duty to stay at the Director's house after working hours.
“The Minister appreciated the initiative of the Meghalaya government in the implementation of tele-consultation in the State so far.
According to a Right to Information (RTI) letter dated 27th November, 2023, the Verna 1.6 VTVT was registered with the Transport Department, Government of Meghalaya as ML-02-A-0 on behalf of the Director General of Police, Government of Meghalaya.
The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, said that the storehouse has a wide variety of items and most of them are smuggled goods.
This will be a daunting task where multiple infrastructures will be required along with the use of content in order to carry out the necessary activities.
This meeting was held to discuss the desire to become Rangbah Shnong of the Garo people living in Ribhoi especially on the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
He also highlights the impact on children who are victims of violence on their mental health and future.
According to the bill, if the new scheme is implemented, the distribution of rice will be up to 75% in rural areas and 50% in urban areas.
I can give you even more.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: In the counting of votes for the three MLA constituencies, the people have already cast their votes on 30th March 2021 to elect new MLAs, on the 13th. - Mawryngkeng, 24-Mawphlang and 47-Rajabala.
The estimated cost for the construction and improvement of the site is estimated at not less than 5 (san) lakh tyngka.
Shillong, Naitung 05: Two persons have tested positive for COVID-19 in Shillong today, one in Umroi, Ri Bhoi District and another BSF personnel in Shillong, according to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare. chief of the state.
The Dorbar also decided to invite all the National and State Political parties and to allow each party to explain in writing their position on the demand of the National Assembly.
The teachers' union feels that this issue should be discussed publicly to discuss and clarify that if possible, only the most important issues should be taken to provide training to the students in class X Shillong, Naitung 09: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the government has decided to impose a fine of T.500/- tyngka. , if you don't wear a mask in public places, if you don't stay in public places and if you don't keep a distance from each other which is known as “Social Distancing”.
From the 2-Tura Parliamentary Constituency, there are three candidates, Agatha Sangma of the NPP, Dr Mukul Sangma of the INC and Rikman Momin of the BJP. There are 1914795 lakh voters in 1-Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, 1197806 lakh voters in 1-Shillong Parliamentary Constituency and 716989 lakh voters in 2-Tura MP Constituency.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that he has already spoken to the Central Government especially the Minister of Home Affairs to ensure that the students can leave Ukraine.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: Two members of the household were killed in a fire at Lummawnei in Mawlai Umthlong village today.
The Central Recruitment Board has fixed the date for the recruitment of Fireman on 5/3/2022 for the Eastern Range and Western Range. It will be held from 9.00 Am to
After this, Rgh Arwan S Tariang, General Secretary, Seng Khasi (Mother) will sing a song of praise for the Seng Kut Snem. the annual report was followed by songs and speeches related to this theme of the Seng Kut Snem.
The Chief Minister said that the demand for meat in the state is high and the scheme which the government will implement now will be especially for those who raise pigs, cattle and cows.
Regarding the schools, there are three LP Schools in these three villages, one Government L.P.School in Nongrim Hills, one L.P.School of the Catholic Church in Mawkapiah and one L.P.School in Kyndongei. There were nine schools named 'Iatylli Lang Shpara L.P.Skul' and one Upper Primary School was established by these schools in the same area.
On 26th June 2012, she received the Sahitya Ratna Award 2012 from the hands of former Governor of Arunachal Pradesh Mata Hari Prasad at a function held at Damodar Hall, Parel, Mumbai. It was organized by Dr S Tandekar.
Their arrival has enabled the NPP to gain more power in the constituency where the NPP candidate Sanjay Sangma will contest from this constituency.
Have we not become a nation if we have a train that can carry hundreds and thousands of passengers every day?
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan today swore in the 12th Chief Justice of the High Court of Meghalaya, Justice S Vaidyanathan at Raj Bhavan Shillong. .
The meeting between the Chief Secretary WMS Pariat and the leaders of JACATAM will be held on the 30th of this month at the Main Secretariat.
The clear statement to the government is to stop the spread immediately and do not prolong the story until it reaches a path that cannot be expressed, because it has been taken advantage of from time to time in many ways.
He said that after the mid-term MLA elections, once the Model Code of Conduct has been issued, the office will continue to prepare for the issuance of Transit Pass to those local cow traders. said Raju, Principal Secretary to the Ministry of Agriculture.
The Prime Minister also said that the introduction of rules for the resolution of differences of opinion has helped to reduce the burden especially in the lower legal matters.
If you are sailing or sailing, try to climb to shore as soon as possible and find a safe place to hide.
It is revealed that there have been some groups who have been collecting donations from the people without the knowledge of the leaders of the party. this decision to dissolve this organization.
On the other hand, Barthiar Marak President DYC urged the DC to personally inspect these bridges to find out the facts and to order the contractor to start the work as it has affected the traffic. They are the people of North Garo Hills District.
Shillong, July 14: Continuing the relief work to the Quarantine Centers, the KSUP has visited Mawsynram to provide relief to the QCs in Mawsynram C&RD Block.
Border crossing, increasing power outages, lack of training facilities for young athletes, Umiam bridge, lack of scholarships for students who pass well and especially those who are poor and others These are the problems that the society has been facing for decades and continue today but the government and the MPs have not been able to eliminate these problems.
The union has handed over Khrawbok to the Mawkyrwat Dorbar Shnong for trial, and after this it has been decided to send him to a health center so that he can escape from these evil deeds. you have everything.
Dr Kharlukhi received 39 votes, Kennedy V Khyriem received 19 votes and one vote was rejected.
They are the Kurs of Malyniang, Nongkhlaw, Buam, Mawiong, Thongni, Khonglah, Khongwet, Dkhar, Kshiar, Kharshiing, Kharbuli, Marbaniang, Nongrum, Syiemlieh, Kurkalang, Khongsngi, Mawrie. Priest Mawlieh, Kharumnuid, Sun, Priest Mawnai.
Until 1988-1989, the house was still standing and has not been destroyed as it is now. The elders of the area say that the Governor of Assam used to visit this place. Province during the period of independence of India.
: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Thursday said that the State Government is ready to hold talks with the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) within the guidelines laid down by the Ministry of Home Affairs. Affairs (MHA) to the Government of India.
The Magistrate, after a thorough investigation, found that this would cause permanent unrest and affect the peace and order according to the powers conferred on him under Section 144 CrPC. Curfew has been imposed in these parts of Shillong.
Shillong, July 11: The KSU East Jaintia Hills District Unit on 10th July 2022 visited a family in Jalyiah village which is in poverty. there is no mother and they are looked after by their relatives.
The people of Meghalaya have the right to know that this statement of the HNLC cannot be forgotten.
At the same time, it was reported that 15 schools have signed a soskular to operate buses so far. These buses are safe because they have CCTV cameras and GPS. fathers cannot know where their children have gone.
“What is the law?
One of the conditions signed in the soskular is that if the Meghalaya government takes or not takes electricity from NTPC, it will have to pay Rs 133 crore per annum. for the next 25 years, it will reach Rs 3,325 crore, he said.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare appealed to the public and the village authorities to respect the staff in the hospitals, as the hospitals do not send the staff without taking care of their health.
The Chief Minister said that the state has about 100 lakh youth under the age of 100 years and these can be employed in various jobs like Japan, Thailand where in these countries the The number of young students has decreased and the number of elderly has started to increase. The Chief Minister also announced that the government will provide support to the Nursing School.
Regarding the request for clarification, the Returning Officer of the 1-Shillong Parliamentary Election has asked only the CPI and KHNAM candidates to clarify their questions by the 28th of this month. .
This brutal behavior of the police has shocked the family members especially the children.
The opening ceremony of the Sports Meet 2017 began with a welcome speech by Fr.Vallerian Serrao, followed by a dance to the tunes of There was a prayer by the group from Laitkyrhong, the lighting of the sharak, a special song from Thynroit and also the drill performances by the group from Mawpyrshong and Mawblang.
The group was led by Arjun Sewa, Bah Dpnboklang Lyngdoh and Mingson Rymbai. the state.
In another competition, Mafi Kharhunai won the LG Queen of the Kitchen, Ritiksha Sunar second, Jyoti Kumari Singh fourth and Nandita Hajong fourth.
About 3000 players from all over the districts will take part in the tournament in 23 games to be held at 16 venues in Tura.
The foundation stone of the four-lane road in New Shillong Township, which was laid by the Prime Minister of India today from Arunachal Pradesh, is the the existing two-lane road will now be built to be converted to a four-lane road.
This road falls under the supervision of the Executive Engineer (EE) of Ranikor Division.
The top 30 will be held on the 3rd of April while the top 10 will be held on the 18th of April.
The Executive Committee has urged the Central Government not to implement the CAB in Meghalaya and especially in the areas under the jurisdiction of the District Council. .
All women and men may register only in the 28 types of crossings approved by the Government, 18 types for women and 10 types for men; if it is against other forms of prohibition besides these that are not permitted.
This year, IFFI has received the highest number of films with 2926 from 105 countries which is a threefold increase compared to the number of foreign films sent last year.
Although the road is far away and the state is far away, the closeness and love does not prevent us from meeting and cooperating from time to time.
Holiram Bordoloi is accused of the murder of three people in Nayagaon under Boribazar Outpost in Morigaon district of Assam in
Forty or fifty years ago, once I finished class vi above, even from home I was invited.
Students will also have the opportunity to receive training in disease prevention and treatment where there will also be OPD and IPD services providing specialized treatment such as Panchkarma, Kayachikitsa, Vata-Vyadhi, Rasayana, Vajikaran, Lifestyle. Yoga and others.
Shillong, Nailar 26: Thousands of people today took part in the march against drugs in the state and especially in Mawlai area, organized by the FKJGP. The march started from Mawlai Basic School and ended at Mawlai Phudmawri Stadium.
In the past few days, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, has said that there have been talks for him to join the NPP.
Regarding the spread of false news on social media, the MCAB has already lodged a complaint at the Sardar Police Station.
Since its inception, the Seng Khasi has been committed to the development of the Khasi people as a whole.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, the president of the party, Samla Lambokstatwell Marngar, said that the state has been running for 46 years, but the state does not have a proper border. a state without borders without distribution.
Shillong, July 22: As the days go by, it has been seen that the number of cases of violence against girls has increased and we have ended up with many condemnations, the news on 22 July about the rape of a child years old in SWKH demands strong condemnation, but it was decided to stop the condemnation but to think together how to eradicate these acts of violence.
This book has seven chapters and this book as explained by Pro David Syiemlieh deals with many aspects of human beings, human relationships and also in the rule of law as well. .
He suggested to create opportunities to strengthen the tourism industry and increase the income of the residents of the area who earn their living from this industry.
These criminals have also phoned many times to those people who have sent the information.
Referring to uranium, the Prime Minister said that the mining of uranium is the responsibility of the central government. , and even if it is to be in the interest of the state.
It is on this basis that the government has decided to close schools, the House has decided to shorten the session of the dorbar, the reason is the rapid spread of the disease.
Edmar and Sandesh Jhingan, captain Eugeneson Lyngdoh and midfielder Restom Khyriem will be present tomorrow morning as they have been able to play.
The Teiriti Government has sponsored the Rong Pyninam and about 100 Barikor took part in the celebration along with Bah Frederick D Hynniewta and Bah Raphael Warjri as the Chief Barikor.
Both the Chief Ministers arrived at the venue by helicopter in the presence of the Chairpersons of Regional Committees from Assam and Meghalaya at the public meeting held at Langpih.
The meeting was conducted by Dr.W.Kharshiing (President IMA Meghalaya).
Mairang, March 21: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of Eastern West Khasi Hills District has announced to all households in the district that the ration has been distributed through the ration shops under the National Food Security Act, free rice under PMGKAY scheme for the month of April,
To achieve this, the Government has set seven objectives: to improve the human dignity, to improve the jobs that already exist and work, to increase the number of buildings, to improve the to protect the environment and by bringing about reforms in the working methods of government.
Gopal Marak has been working for four months in Borsora and Piliban Sangma has been working for two years in Rajaju. they are the ones who are new.
On the same day, the KSU South West Khasi Hills will hold a public meeting at Nongjri.
Let us hope that our government will soon arrange for the necessary notifications.
Speaking to SP News Agency, he said it is difficult for the government to know everything if the people do not inform the relevant authorities, the government cannot do anything.
The KHADC has no objection to development works for the benefit of the people, but if there are Gram Sabhas in the villages, the election of the office bearers will be by all the people. in which the Dorbar Shnongs shall lose their powers which have been all that has been.
RP Marak, Secretary, Mining and Geology and Commissioner, will serve as Director of Mineral Resources.
The KSU congratulates the Anti-Infiltration Department for raiding foreigners today 24th July 2024 in Nongmensong and Mawpat villages according to media reports.
When he could not find him, he threatened his younger sisters and other relatives.
Shillong, July 25: The Wahkhen United Sports Club in collaboration with the Nehru Yuva Sangathan Kendra, East Khasi Hills Shillong on Saturday held a Yoga class at Sieng Riti Wahkhen.
The petition emphasized on the benefits of tyngshops, purons, kaitor, duhalia, poets and writers as well as those who work in the fields of painting and other fields of art.
He said that the distribution of laptops has not yet been done but the EC will distribute them soon as it is still in preparation and will be distributed soon. In another question raised by Manstudy Nongrem, regarding the misuse of laptops, the government has decided to provide laptops to the MDCs. The CEM said that the EC has received a report and the findings of the report are that the officers of the Forest Department, Bah T Saibon, have violate them but typically office rules.
Shillong, June 14: The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) has forecast heavy rainfall in some parts of Meghalaya in the next three days.
In this recommendation, the Commission has divided these pay levels into 22 categories from Pay Level-1 to Pay Level-2
It is learned that at 10 pm on the 20th of this month while the workers were busy and tried to move the vehicle due to the crowded space, when we tried to enter and look inside the vehicle, The vehicle found a dead man inside the vehicle in the back seat and they were surprised to see a dead headless bsein lying dead on the dashboard.
This year too, the festival will be held at Tyrso on the 6th and 7th of November.
He also stressed on the need for those involved in these fields to work together to ensure the provision of appropriate skills development in these fields.
After a thorough talks with the BSF on the 20th of this month, the militant came to surrender in front of the BSF in Tura.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Hamlet Dohling congratulated the Mylliem Lum Sports Association (MLSA) for although it is a young association. Up to 12 villages of the Mylliem Lum Sports Association (MLSA) can gather together to promote sports activities in the country. On his part, he said that he is ready to guide the youth at all times because the youth are the future of the nation.
Shillong, Naitung 31: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) has urged the state government to remove within 15 days the posts appointed by Assam and the Assam Police Colony in Khanapara and If the government does not do anything, the union will take strong protest measures if the government does not do anything against the illegal construction of Assam posts in Khanapara. You are bordered by the state of Meghalaya.
Shillong, March 15: The Nonghulew Sports & Cultural Club on Saturday launched the Raid Nonghulew Football Tournament. Nonghulew, the teams that reached the final were the Dong Khlieh Shnong against the Kur Suting, where the Kur Suting won 1-0 against the Dong Khlieh Shnong.
The investigation is ongoing.
Tickets for the event will cost T.500 each. Pradyot Bikram Manikya said that the proceeds of the concert will go to the Maichang School project. special education for children who will not be assisted.
The holiday will be declared only in East Khasi Hills District. Schools, offices and courts of the state government in East Khasi Hills District will be closed on this day.
Members of the delegation were Kailash Varma, Ooma Tariang, Susuki Pariat, Khalid Khan, Suresh Singh and Osheen. Dance.
Belbora Wankhar, Secretary of the Parents of Children with Disabilities Association, said the government should take care of the needs of people living with disabilities.
On the other hand, the three organizations said that the government should not just refer the issues to the District Administration, as at present the government has been silent in this regard.
In this regard, the Government of Meghalaya has worked with the Ministry of External Affairs to ensure that these 27 persons return safely to Meghalaya. FIRE Heavy flames have destroyed the house of the Singhanias at Thana Road, Police Bazar on Saturday.
Regarding education, he said that the students should not complete their education only in Mairang, but should spread it throughout the state and the country as a whole. Mariang Science College was established in 2006 and is the first science college in West Khasi Hills District to be recognized by NEHU and Higher Secondary School. The purpose of establishing this College is to open up the opportunity for the poor to study this course.
East Jaintia Hills Police have seized 31.142 kilos of Ganja from a vehicle (AS-01-AT-6157) coming from Assam to Khliehriat. Police have arrested Pabitra Debarman, 36, from West Tripura.
The answer is "EM", because without farmers we cannot get food and drink.
He said that the Council will soon convene a meeting on this issue as soon as possible as this Shnad Hima is on the border with Assam to avoid a border dispute with Assam.
Shillong, Nailar 25: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has continued its protests against the Meghalaya government over its refusal to implement the ILP and other national security laws.
This road passes through four MLA constituencies, Mawphlang, Mawsynram, Mawyrwat and Ranikor. the Central Government Road Construction Department.
After a thorough investigation, the union found that these people had also brought the Lok and her young children to the workplace.
The office bearers of the SNKND were confirmed by Dr H Bani and Philling Rynjah as the president for Ri Bhoi District.
They were arrested on the 11th of this month.
Four candidates for the Lok Sabha elections from Shillong seat have filed their nomination papers on Tuesday.
It is a violation of human rights to make such statements from the CEM. We strongly urge the Khlieh Nongsynshar Shnong, Raid and Hima not to be afraid of such people. The KHADC under the leadership of the CEM does not recognize Bah John Kharshiing and the Dorbar of Chiefs of Ri Hynniewtrep which includes the Federation of Khasi States, recently at Raj Bhavan, on 21st October 2013, Shri Pranab Mukherjee, President, India agreed to meet with a group of 21 Chief Executive Members (KHA) , Jaintia and Garo.
On the other hand, HANM demands that the government should clarify because the border dispute is still in the hands of the Ministry of Home Affairs. crane shiliang you tynrah pat shiliang.
Shillong, July 26: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the government has set up two committees to allow land dealers to register themselves. Shillong Municipal Board members shall register at the office of the Shillong Municipal Board and those outside the Municipal shall register at the DC office.
“This statement by Bah Paul is in response to the protest of the STIEH to end the Shillong Cherry Blossom Festival on Sunday, 19th November,
On the part of the BDO of Mairang, he explained the purpose of the ELC and how the students should register themselves with the ELC and become voters.
According to Adelbert, the Central Government has allocated T.156 crore to Meghalaya under the Saubhagya Scheme and has also selected two companies including the Satnam Global Infra Project. Limited, New Delhi and Onycon Enterprise, Mumbai to implement the scheme in
To protect the environment and to ensure that it does not affect the health, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Kong RM Kurbah has enforced Section 144 CrPC. Shyiap from the rivers by individuals or companies without a licence.
The Rangbah Shnong, the family members of the arrested persons were also present at the meeting. They said that these three persons have no signs of being arrested. you're right.
On the basis of these and on the receipt of recent information that there is misuse of information received from these Apps has raised concern that these Apps receive and disseminate information in an unlawful manner. it is the one that can affect the whole country.
In this election and this year, it has been seen that not only the rich, businessmen or those who have not been leaders have decided to stand forward to contest this election but this time too. Another candidate from Nongskhen Constituency, Bah Anthony Kongwang, who is one of the candidates who is known to the people, has emerged. faithful to the mirror.
In the Professional category, Deben Bhumij of Assam came first, Anil Ram of Meghalaya came second and Deepraj Chetia of Assam came third.
The two KHNAM leaders admitted that they feel it is necessary to inform that even his brothers and sisters still give their title of “Shisupal” until today, but only he I have accepted this nation for my own benefit.
At the same time, the HNLC has warned all traders especially the booksellers, sugar companies and also the police where the HNLC has accused the police of being the cause of the increase in the price of goods. in this state you have to collect money from trucks.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, she said that N Sharma, the head of the company, has acknowledged that they have not received any order from the company. the village of Nongtrai.
Saleng, who is also in the MDA government, in his letter, said that all drivers of commercial vehicles should be checked with breathalyzers and should not be allowed to speed while driving. don't have a limit.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The Meghalaya Police Station today issued a public notice that they have arrested Bah Knonesshon Roadborn in connection with the case of Laban Police Station No.16 (2). Police have urged the public to contact anyone who has any information about Bah Konesshon. please notify the police.
During the raid, police have seized drugs from passing vehicles and the drugs have been thrown on the ground. Police have conducted daily raids.
The Ministry of School Education and Literacy has developed an indicative and suggestive Implementation Plan for School Education (SARTHAQ). )'.
In the election manifesto signed by the President of the party Dr Donkupar Roy, Bah BM Lanong and General Secretary of the party Dr Jemino Mawthoh, it is written that the election will be held in The ECI has scheduled 27.02.2019 for the public elections in both the KHADC and JHADC.
When the police arrived nearby, the militants opened fire on the police and the first shooting lasted for about two minutes. their hands in the middle of the forest.
“The Clean Politics Campaign has started from Nongkrem but what is cleaner is the distribution of schemes in the heat and light in the presence of the people,” said the residents of Mawkynrew Constituency who also decided to work hard. From now on, the MDC will be promoted to MLA to represent them in the State Legislative Assembly.
Shillong, November 20: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) today decided to invite all political party leaders in July 2018 to take a pledge from them to resign. the problem of the state in terms of the illegal entry of foreigners.
Silk manufacturing activities in the country amounted to Rs 75000.00 crore (estimated).
The Seng also asked how these people can raise cows in these areas even though it is within the Municipal Area and the law does not allow it.
Kashyap said Rangdajied FC has always played in Bengal and Goa and it is clear that they will play in their own state and they hope to win.
So we have to go through the path of protest".
The woman has withdrawn her protest after the Government has sent a letter to the government to build the Nongpoh-Umden-Sonapur road.
Everyone is encouraged to give Tika as a protection to themselves and their families.
Regarding the permission to open these markets, the Government will also issue guidelines or rules and these will be done through the Deputy Commissioners of the Districts.
He said that the NPP as a party stands for Christians and other minority religious groups in India and as a party it has always spoken about this at many levels in the country. meeting with the central government.
The meeting was conducted by the Additional Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills, Bah G. Warjri.
These players are currently on a one-year program divided into two parts which includes training sessions by coaches and weekly monitoring to check their skills.
On the other hand, the Seng said that if the authorities continue to delay in arresting and removing these foreigners, the Seng will take its own measures to remove these foreigners who have come to pollute the country. May 17th.
Shillong, November 05: Forty Congress MLAs have received a special road construction scheme from the central government.
Not only the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo will be affected by the CAA 2019, but also other tribals or minorities such as Rabha, Hajong, Chakma, Kuki and others who are facing problems in countries like Bangladesh. and Myanmar.
Shillong, Naitung 03: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) has held a public meeting in Rambrai to protest against the Assam government's plan to dam the Khri River.
The PMMY, in a rare period of time, has resolved this ‘death of poverty’ and brought strength and confidence to India’s microcredit sector.
On the 18th of June, a large number of people flocked to the market.
The Chief Minister's visit to the road was to find out the facts why the work has been suspended and to follow up on one of the statements made by the MLA of Mawlai in the House. the meeting of the budget council is not over yet.
Nongpoh, Nailar 19: U Bah Donkupar Sumer MDC of Umsning Constituency and Executive Member in charge of the Hat Market has distributed kitchen items to Sohmylleng Village under Umdihar Village in Ri Bhoi District. District.
Speaking to media, Bah Paul said that the government announcement issued on 01st June 2019 to issue the building permits to the districts is not clear because it is written that the This announcement of the government has not clearly defined the boundary of the area to work and now the people are in trouble because MUDA has not given permission anymore. the permission to build houses in those areas under the jurisdiction of District Councils.
The NEET examination in the state has also been held on the 5th of this month.
Speaking on the increase in digital connectivity for the youth of the North East, the Prime Minister said that the installation of optical fiber has increased by 4 percent in the North East and 5 percent in Meghalaya compared to .
This spirit of your solidarity, of the country, has been reflected in her during this time of lockdown.
The president of FKJGP said that this is the beginning and if the government does not listen to the demands of the FKJGP, they are ready to fight for the future of the youth.
The Prime Minister is also expected to meet other leaders who will attend the Summit.
The collaboration between the BSF and the media like AIR and Doordarshan is very important to bring closer to the people on the border. in Ri.
Shillong, July 20: The 1st Annual Meeting of the Union of Catholic Elders Zone-IV of the nine Parishes of the Archdiocese of Shillong was held for three days at St. Joseph's Church, Mawkhar Parish, Shillong. it is cut off in the midst of the land.
Shillong, Nailur 25: The Road Construction Department of the Meghalaya Government has completed all the requirements for the construction of the road from Nongstoin-Rambria to Kyrshai to enter Assam. to the federal government.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) has expressed its surprise over the sudden change of position of Bah HS Shylla (Ex CEM) and the incumbent MDC of Nongkrem Constituency.
Shillong, Naitung 08: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) Jowai Circle today wishes a Happy Behdienkhlam to all the members of the Seinraij Jowai.
As soon as they found it, the workers cut off the electricity line to the houses of the foreigners.
Shillong, November 07: The 40th Annual Conference of the Indian Academy of Neurosciences (IAN) started today at the North Eastern Hill University, Shillong.
The nature, the mountains, the trees and so on, I see only beauty.
As the union, we would like to make it clear that we will not accept any appointment of teachers in Government Schools if it goes beyond these rules of NCTE so that education in the District and Mawsynram C&RD Block will improve over time. and years to come.
Jowai, July 19: The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) Narpuh Circle has been established.
Shillong, March 30: The Hill Farmers Union (HFU) has congratulated the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) led by Pyniaid Singh Syiem, Titos Khain and Jambor for confirming the decision. of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima in which it was prohibited to cut kilos of agricultural products to be sold in the market.
Regarding the shooting of this member and other Khasi youths, HITO President Bah Donbok Dkhar visited them at the Civil Hospital Shillong to see the injuries sustained by them.
However, India has been among the few countries that have managed to contain the spread of the virus so far.
Shillong, July 06: The price of cows to Bangladesh has increased sharply and cow traders have loaded cows even in Maruti vehicles as arrested by BSF troops from Umsyiem today on the border with Bangladesh. .
The meeting with the party leaders started today at Pinewood Hotel.
The incident was supervised by the office of the Special Director General (EC) BSF, Kolkata along with the police.
Rev George W Chen, welcome speech by Sr Benneth Gympad, special songs by the staff of Emergency & Trauma Unit and Mr. KW Marbaniang, Administrative Officer of the Hospital, gave a welcome speech.
Speaker of the House Metbah Lyngdoh, Symbud Myntri Rangbah Prestone Tynsong, CEM Titos W Chyne and others.
According to the complaint lodged at the Khliehriat Police Station, Lucas Rymbai is the son of Victoria Rymbai of Parma.
Speaking to reporters after joining the party, Martamlin said he joined the BJP in 1992 when Moina Sing Phylut was President. party today has chosen this special day.
Sarita has tried to apply for a ticket from the People's Democratic Front (PDF) but it is understood that the PDF will not give her a ticket. no longer as an independent candidate according to the wishes of the people.
The members of the party did not have any force against the district administration but the police bombed the houses from Shangbangla to Nongpoh.
He said that the Dealers Association across the country has opposed the Government's action even if there is only a little water in the tanks of vehicles or in the fuel tanks, it will cause problems.
The party also hopes that with the help of God the Creator, it will be able to serve the people better in the future.
The Deputy Director, Bah D.Umdor spoke about some of the measures taken by NEIGRIHMS to raise awareness to reduce environmental pollution inside and outside the hospital.
Rapborlang Nongrum, Publicity Secretary of KSU Sengkmie, while speaking at the swearing-in ceremony, said, “To carry and leave our Jaitbynriew is our duty. but it is your responsibility to contribute to your nation in your own capacity. Referring to the shortage of youth who come out to serve the nation, he said, Young people today have lost many of those who come out to carry and leave their Jaitbynriew, if we look here in Shillong and in the suburbs we see many have forgotten the spirit to serve and contribute to the Jaitbynriew unlike in the past. “He said that the establishment of units of the Seng across the country and abroad is not only to increase the number of units, but to produce young people who will serve the nation and especially to be aware of the threat to the country and the nation as a whole.
Speaking to SP News Agency, JACATAM Chairman ED Nongsiang said, “Of course we have received a letter from the government to talk tomorrow morning with the Chief Secretary of the state and they will see what the outcome of this discussion is".
Speaking to reporters, he said that the Bill was passed by the House during the tenure of CEM of Bah HS Shylla in 2018 and was sent to the Governor. They were sent back to KHADC with a letter.
The Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Thursday unveiled a beautiful painting by Pascal Mario Kmenlang Pathaw, one of the famous painters. This is the state of Meghalaya.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Kharraswai said that the EE of PWD Mawsynram Division should not wait until tragic incidents happen and should ensure that the bridges that have been damaged should be repaired.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Pala said that education in this age is something that is important. He hopes that from this school will come great men in many fields.
Because the DC promised to repair it.
During the hearing, the Additional Advocate General of the Government, T. Yangi, accompanied by the Government Advocate, Kong ZE Nongkynrih, presented several documents, especially in relation to the Meghalaya Police Act, 2010, and The Office Memorandum issued on 01.05.2024, which has been taken only in part from the Office Memorandum issued on 03.02.2022, which states the age of appointment.
To remove the misunderstanding, a team from the Directorate of Census Operations, Shillong led by Bah JR Swer, Statistical Investigator, will explain to the public on that day the registration process and the benefits of get.
Angelina, besides being a poor woman, has been neglected by her husband and has lived in a dilapidated house and during the rainy season the water enters the house.
The East Jaintia Hills Police Chief said that an investigation has been launched to find out whether the incident occurred or not.
There are 139 recoveries, 112 from East Khasi Hills, 40 from West Jaintia Hills, 2 from West Garo Hills, 1 from Ri Bhoi, 1 from South Garo Hills. 1, West Khasi Hills 1, 12894 cases have recovered so far.
Shillong, Nailar 9: The total number of people who have tested positive for COVID-19 in Meghalaya has risen to 38, of which 29 are civilians and 9 are soldiers.
Furthermore, people had the opportunity to taste different types of food at the food stalls that brought these specialties to the national capital.
The customs authorities have strictly prohibited the smuggling of such beverages because this drug is illegal without the permission of doctors. The demand in Bangladesh for this drug is high because Bangladesh is Dr P Borgohain, Deputy Commissioner of Preventive Services, said in a statement.
On the other hand, the Minister expressed his satisfaction to see that 90% of the work has been completed and the remaining road is only from Sohiong to Lad Mawreng. The entire 264.3 km road from Shillong to Tura will be completed in October 2017, he said.
The Club has decided to set up a training center for the unemployed youth so that they can start their own jobs after completing the training. The organization is currently struggling to establish this training centre.
Sanki Kupar Marboh and Alwinson Bareh scored the three goals for Shillong Lajong Junior Reds.
However, while they are living in the Khasi land, it would be better for them and their people not to interfere with the Khasi laws, Khasi land, Khasi trade and Khasi culture. ," the organization said.
The three injured were taken to Mawroh PHC and after treatment they were discharged.
The Prime Minister said that by focusing and setting targets to conduct tests in containment zones and areas with higher number of cases.
At this meeting, it was decided to meet again in July 2014 to discuss in more detail the laws relating to the customs and traditions for the purpose of They shall be able to establish laws relating to the administration of the kingdom.
With this swearing-in ceremony, the Members of the Legislative Assembly today became full members of the Legislative Assembly and have been able to serve as MLAs from today.
(SP News)Date of Filing of Nomination12013-02-0212INDEPENDENTINDNOT ALLOTEDM52KDONGHULU, PO & PS UMIAM,                         RI-BHOI – 79032131304 PHOI LOCKM42NONGMENSONG, LAILAD DONG KADIANG, SHILLONG – 79301932013-02-0215INDEPENDENT1.
Principal Secretary RM Minshra told SP News Agency that the preparation of the DPR for the river has been handed over to INFYCON Company Pvt Limited and it will complete the work by the end of this year.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: The cultivation of synsar has been one of the quickest crops to benefit the farmers, especially the people in the rural areas. still now under 30 years old.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: The meeting has decided to nominate Bah Teinwell Dkhar as the candidate and hopes that he will win the election again.
The total turnout was 76.60% while in 2019 the turnout was 71.42%.
The Federation of Khasi States urges the KHADC authorities to take immediate action on this issue so that the State Government can send its opinion on this issue.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya has been supporting the BJP for the past two and a half years even when there is opposition to the BJP in Meghalaya and they too have supported the Chief Minister. He is the Chairman of the MDA and they have confidence in him as a leader.
The program was also attended by the BDO of Mairang Block, Dr LR Hynniewta, Sub-Divisional School Officer, Mairang, Bah J. Thyrniang, other government employees, teachers and students. of various schools in Mairang Block.
Shillong, Nailar 17: There are 46 new cases of COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, 2 in East Jaintia Hills, 11 in East Khasi Hills and 3 in North Garo Hills. In Bhoi, 5, South Garo Hills 1, South West Garo Hills 6, South West Khasi Hills 4, West Garo Hills 9, West Jaintia Hills 3 cases.
The number of smokers between the ages of 20-44 years is very high, while this group of people in this age group is still working.
The WHO Collaborating Center for Fundamental and Literary Research in Traditional Medicine will be led by Prof. Vaidya Rabinarayan Acharya, Director General, CCRAS, together with a team including Dr. GP Prasad, Assistant Director I /c and Unit Head, Vaidya Saketh Ram Thrigulla, Research Officer (Ayurveda), and Dr.Santosh Mane, Research Officer (Ayurveda), NIIMH, Hyderabad, in collaboration with Literary and Fundamental Research of CCRAS Headquarters.
Shillong, Nailar 09: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) today sent a letter to the Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Pyniaid Sing Syiem and the EC of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). Speaking to media after a meeting with the CEM of KHADC, the president of HANM, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, said that the party has sent its recommendations. .
The Meghalaya government has already set up a phone number for those who need assistance. The government is following up to ensure that the students who study in the state cannot return safely to the state. state.
The Union Minister of State for Child Development has expressed his gratitude to the hospital for its 100 years of service to the people in the field of health in the North East. and now the state of Meghalaya.
(sp News)a.
He said surprised that this worked.
Speaking to reporters, Hamlet said that after his assumption of office as president, they have seen that there is a need to clean up the ground. in the year
An Esteem ML05L 2150 was used to call the family members and Tapan Mallakar, who lives in Oakland, called Bappan Nath to commit the robbery. to commit this crime against the rich in Shillong.
He said that the implementation of all these works has been completed by 90%, the signing of the soskular has been between the Hima Shnongs and the Department of Markets, the Department of Housing. it was built and when it was finished it was handed over to the market department.
He said that when they arrive in Shillong they will see these trees in Umiam, Nan Polok, Mawphlang and from Japan they want to plant these trees now in India.
The Seng also warns the traders not to bring in trucks owned by foreigners to trade illegally and for their own benefit to smuggle foreigners and deprive the small farmers in War Jaintia.
The damage caused by the burning was the documents of the teachers' desks.
Sainkupar Nongtraw said that if the government shuts down MCCL Ltd, the Sohra MLA Gavin should take responsibility and resign as MLA. They did not get that there is another way to save the dewbilat factory. The government should stop talking about jail jaum but ignore the facts.
Previous governments have also discussed this.
On this occasion, an explanation on the farming methods was conducted by the officials of the Department of Agriculture and at the same time the farmers also asked many questions regarding this issue.
At the inauguration of the new block, the Chief Minister said that the block will be operational from today. On this occasion, the Namdong CHC was also inaugurated and the foundation stone was laid for the improvement of the Jowai road. -Nartiang-Kdiap-Khanduli and the Greater Mukhnang Lumrot Water Supply Scheme.
Shillong, Lber 30: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has banned all government departments and companies from giving a holiday on Good Friday and warned against forcibly closing those who violate it. Ujjivan Microfinance Bank near Stand Jeep which was closed on Good Friday.
New Delhi, March 12: The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, today expressed his deep sorrow over the sudden passing away of the Archbishop of the Shillong Archdiocese in a car accident at California, United States.
We cannot accept at all such an attack against our people, against the law enforcement agencies and against the journalists but not against the Goonda brothers. , so much so in your own country".
If you have any incident, please call the District Emergency Operations Center at 0364-2225289/2502094 and the State Emergency Operations Center at
The counting of votes will be held on October 2, 2023 and the election process should be completed on October 4, 2023, the Election Commission of India (ECI) announced today.
The program was announced today in Guwahati on the occasion of the completion of the construction of the GNRC North Guwahati campus known as GNRC Medical.
The Khasi from these hills fought against the French under the leadership of Syiem Tirot Singh.
The AJYWO leader concluded his short speech by praying and requesting the Creator to continue to produce many Kiang Nangbah of the Jaidbynriew in these days. to fight and fight for the rights, freedom, peace and prosperity of the Khun U Thousand of Jaintia Hills, and also to conclude this memorial by laying flowers at the feet of this is the Motdur of the Great King.
The residents of Sawlad, Patharshipaih and Nongrilong are farmers but the lack of road has put them in great difficulty to transport their crops.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 93874 people have tested positive for COVID-19 so far, 92241 people have recovered and 1594 people have died. after.
The 300-bed hospital in Guwahati also specializes in MRI, Cath Lab and CT Scan.
They also expressed their dissatisfaction with the decision of the Dorbar Shnong that the people who used to sell goods in this area who are from outside Mawïongrim Village will be deported.
It also shows how we can reduce our carbon footprint and at the same time respect the relationship between the environment and technology.
On receiving this information, the government officials rushed to the village to rescue the people who had been allowed to fall into the ground. and because of the rain, they were all inside the house.
The Central Government and the state sector have set a target of spending about Rs 113 crore 94 lakh this year for the successful implementation of the programme.
NESO has not been able to take this decision as the Prime Minister of India has not implemented the demand of the party which has been submitted since
The President of HANM Ri Bhoi District, Bah Pateng Myrsing, said that when they stopped the bus, they asked and told them to go to Nongstoin but these people did not have the proper documents. by that bor you ain.
Modi expressed his satisfaction that the Panchayats have set up special committees and taken an important role in welcoming the VBSY. I am pleased that VBSY has reached all parts of the country.
Under the JJM scheme, the government has set a target of 6,51,412 lakh households to supply water to their homes, but as of 13.2.2024, 4,84,698 households have been supplied with water. to the water.
He said that this is an important task for the village and the area and he compared it with the happiness that the people felt when electricity came to their village in the past.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: The BSF today allegedly kidnapped two BSF personnel at Kathakonia in South West Khasi Hills by ANVC(B) militants. A statement issued by the GNLA said that the incident was carried out by members of the GNLA. About 40 persons entered West Khasi Hills via Maheskhola along with members of the ULFA with the support of foreigners.
On behalf of the Kur Syiemlieh, Bah Krobes Syiemlieh, who explained about Syiem Tirot Singh, the petition was submitted by the Chief Syiem of Khadsawphra, Bah KM Syiemlieh. Congratulations to the Minister of Health.
Techi Gromb from Arunachal Pradesh said that this dance is very popular in Shillong. When he got the information he asked permission from his parents to come and take part in it. you have a brother.
He said that the Rangbah Shnongs as it is now will not be protected by the Act, this Act will also bring about a transparent work in the village affairs unless the CEM is appointed. (SP News).
In the first phase, 532 water wells will be planted and water treatment plants will be built across the state. In the first phase, 382 wells will be protected. water wells and to build 382 water supply systems.
The success of the scheme has been more than just a loan, it has also laid the foundation for security through the schemes for the welfare of the families of the street vendors.
The Chief Minister welcomed the decision of the CSWO to say that they will not take part in the protest on any issue. example of this organization.
The current MBBS quota list has only 92 students who have been selected.
He said that the time has come for the state to have special policies to pave the way and shape the future of the youth whether it is in various fields in terms of employment opportunities. by involving various government departments to promote tourism.
Hame Shaniah, a registered student of NEHU, Ar Daloi Law College, won the gold medal in the 57 kilo singles category. In the past, they have won the medal in 2018-2019 and 2019-2
In a statement sent today, the meeting was convened to discuss the urgent issues faced by the mid-day meal producers.
Today's meeting of KAS is the first meeting to start their protest to demand that the government should do something to include the Khasi language in the Eight Schedule. They will hold the same meeting in all the four districts of Lum Khasi and will hold another march to show the world that the government should include the Khasi language in the Eight Schedule.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Pynthymmaibor Chyne, Congress candidate from Shella Constituency, said that he hopes that the Shella area as a whole will develop in all aspects. The UDP has been in power in this constituency but there has been no development in this constituency and no development has been seen in this constituency.
The Congress Party has declined in terms of governance in Meghalaya, and the only thing that the people want and desire is that the Congress Government in Meghalaya cannot convince the people and that is on the “The people want to implement the ILP,” said Embhah.
Referring to the issue of the ban on coal mining, the Chief Minister said that the MDA government has met with the Central Government 40 times in the last 40 months to resolve the issue while the government of Dr Mukul Sangma has met with the Central Government. it did nothing to solve the problem.
On Saturday, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare conducted a test for Amlarem Market Day and on that day 40 samples were taken and the result was received on the 21st. 07/2020 Three new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed.
However, these two trucks ran away without entering the thew checkpoint set by the government and the police chased and arrested these trucks.
The Director General of Police, Bah Peter Hanneman, told SP News Agency that the celebration of Independence Day went smoothly across the state and there was no incident. sun.
The group of journalists praised the dignity and sustainable way of life of Meghalaya which has been in harmony with the environment since ancient times.
The BSF fought to the end.
In Patharkhmah Civil Sub-Division, Bah Damanbait Lamare launched the flag ceremony.
East Jaintia Hills District Police on Tuesday morning seized heroin worth T.1.1 crore from a vehicle at Ratacherra Out Post on NH-6 don the number ML05 X
The BSF have strong suspicion that there is something behind his arrival in India and have handed him over to the police for further investigation.
On the 15th July 2016 there will be a meeting of the government to take a decision on this road which the KSU is against. demand from time to time from the government for the development of the area.
He said this happened in India 25 years before independence during the Gandhian uprising which inspired the whole country.
On the other hand, the police together with the Magistrate ordered the vendors to close but they did not listen and disobeyed the orders of the Police and Magistrate.
Regarding the imprisonment, he said that according to the 2019 data of the National Crime Records Bureau, there are about 478,000 prisoners imprisoned and of these, about 300,000 are Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribe.
They also discussed how to find ways to protect the indigenous people in Tamil Nadu and Meghalaya, to improve their education and income.
Therefore, regarding the recruitment at District Level, the KSU suggests that if no Khasi apply for posts outside Garo Hills, 90% should be recruited for Garo.
Sosthenes Sohtun MLA of Jirang has ordered the closure of all entry and exit routes to Assam, banning people from Meghalaya from going to Assam and also from people coming from Assam.
Purno, one of the MPs who has held many posts in the past including the post of Speaker of the Parliament of India, said that he has already spoken to the Prime Minister. India to give all-round support to the new government under the leadership of Modi.
The Seng also complains about the Grade B and C posts conducted by a foreign agency known as HLL, where many Khasi students are able to write examinations in Guwahati, Jorhat, Dibrugarh and Delhi.
Shillong, Lber 24: Fifty houses have been destroyed in Cham Cham village.
This prohibition shall come into force immediately upon the issuance of this order.
Furthermore, design-related income and skill-related jobs are relatively abundant in these types of private enterprises.
It was also decided to urge the KHADC authorities to appeal to the Supreme Court against the enactment of many Forest Acts by the Government of India and the State Government in RI Khasi against Article 244 (2) and The leaders of the MLFOA in the presence of the President, Secretary and Adviser of the Federation of Khasi States, will take part again in the Forest Committee of KHADC to be held on 6th Sept 2019 where the KHADC authorities have invited the leaders of JHADC and GHADC to discuss this issue.
The constituencies where the UDP will contest are Khleihriat, Amlarem, Jowai, Raliang, Nartiang, Mawsynram, Shella, Pynursla, Nongthymmai, East Shillong, West Shillong, Mawlai, Umsning, Mawhati, Nongpoh, Ranikor and Mariang.
There are still provisions for imprisonment for crimes but these are only for serious offences.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The HiTO has sent a complaint to the Deputy Commissioner of Ribhoi District on the date of the Raid Mawbuh. election to elect the Rangbah Shnong amidst the COVID-19 pandemic.
Mawlong said that in 2022-2023, the import of fish from abroad will be 15,067 metric tonnes.
The Prime Minister of India said that the mission was launched three years ago and there has been a lot of criticism, but on his part as the Prime Minister of India. understand that this is the path that the father of the nation Mahatma Gandhi wanted and it will not go wrong.
The people of 1-Shillong (ST) Parliamentary Constituency have witnessed that the election campaign has been critical of each party and the party leaders in every election campaign.
There are 10 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 6 cases from East Garo Hills, 2 cases from East Garo Hills and 2 cases from West Garo Hills. The number of cases has risen to 83,222 so far.
Mairang, March 11: As part of the SVEEP Campaign for the Special Summary Revision of the Electoral Roll, 01-01-2022 has been taken as the date for registration of names in the ballot box.
Speech was delivered by HSPDP Senior Leader Bah Tarsius Mawlot, a strong supporter of the HSPDP who decided with his supporters to support Dr Pariong, MDC candidate from the Congress.
On the other hand, Dr W Kharshiing Chairman of SRS, said that as the union, they want to see the VAB become law. Shillong, Nailar 31: A meeting was held today between the government and civil society groups supporting and opposing the roads in South West Khasi Hills. District, which the people know well.
At present, many of the people do not have ration cards, this has put them in trouble at this time when the people are facing difficulties. income.
When inquired, the SP said that the police have strengthened their security forces in Shillong and across the district.
Replying to the questions on the Governor's speech in the House, the Prime Minister expressed his gratitude to all the members who took part from both the opposition and the opposition. On the other hand, it was during this debate that the government received a lot of information and suggestions from the members of the House because the speech of the Governor spoke about the policies of the government.
The seized drugs and sugar were handed over to the Custom Office and Police Station for further investigation.
This superstition among the people has entered everyone and has become a bloodbath, but the MPHRC believes that all this is just a sign of the progress of the people.
This is the reason why the bill light is not available every 24 hours.
The Chief Minister of West Bengal understands the loss of the people and therefore opposes.
The journey to reap the fruits of victory has started in 2020-21 with the launch of the project at a cost of Rs 16.02 crore.
The General Secretary of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Auguster Jyrwa said that an emergency meeting of 13 political parties was held today and the meeting unanimously decided to temporarily suspend the protests at the request of the Khasi Students Union (KSU). different religions to celebrate the rituals in the state.
At this meeting, he explained that with this status, the Government of India, when it holds any meetings that affect the decision of the NPP, has now been able to attend such special meetings such as the National Party, especially in terms of peace and stability in the country.
Shillong, Nailur 12: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today visited the Tura nightclub at Rongkhon, Songgital.
He said that the people have now understood the misguided leadership of other parties to slander the BJP. He said that India is a country that has given freedom of religion to its own people. religion because it is a country without religion.
There are two types of vehicles, one petrol and one diesel.
The EC of Bah MB Rymbai is now in turmoil due to the inability to appoint a Deputy CEM and another Em.
The system has included checks and features so that only the rightful owners can register the loss of mobile phones and not others, said Sr DDG. Ravi Goel, DDG NE Shillong, said that the blocked mobile phone should be used if anyone tries to use it.
Forest officials in charge of the Simsanggre Range turned up at the scene and found a truck bearing ML-13-1732, while the loggers fled.
It was also found that not even a copy of the Act has been sent to the district yet,” said Bah MH Dkhar, President of AJYWO Central Body.
The Regional Committee was convened today to discuss the issue of distribution , where they gave evidence on their findings . Each committee , the member secretaries of which are the Deputy Commissioners , Ri Bhoi , The meeting was also attended by the chairpersons of the committees.
Speaking to reporters, the retired leader of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) said, “Although he is no longer the leader of the party, his goal will continue to serve and protect the welfare of the people. by other means.
Shillong, Naitung 20: U Lieutenant General DS Ahuja today handed over checks worth T.75 lakh as a donation from the army to the family of Major David. Manlun in Shillong.
In this regard, the PAC has directed the Ministry of Transport to find ways and means to recover the money from those people who have not paid their dues to the state government. and they have to come and answer to the PAC within three months, what the government department will do on this.
There will be no sharing in the contest," he added.
The closing ceremony will be held in Shillong on 16th November 2021 with the honoring of those who took part in the 1971 tham and will conclude with the laying of flowers at the monuments of those who sacrificed themselves. for the country in Shillong.
The shopkeepers can buy from the vendors according to the scheduled days and take them to the villages where they sell.
The states and UTs include Bihar, Jharkhand, Odisha, West Bengal, Assam, Meghalaya, Nagaland, Haryana, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Andhra Pradesh, Kerala, Telangana, Chhattisgarh, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Ladakhbad Andaman & Nicobar Islands.
The men's civil society organizations have fought to demand the ILP.
Later, it was learned that the money was immediately taken to the office of the Superintendent of Police. the people who lived in Laban.
In terms of financial support, a small donation was received from the Khasi Hills District Council on behalf of the late Chief Minister, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem and from private individuals including Bah PT Sawkmie and others. other members of the synjuk including the personal condolences from the family of the leading leaders.
The decision said that the warrant has been taken from the state police and the investigation should be handed over to the CBI for investigation and the report should be submitted within six months.
Speaking on the occasion , DD Sangma said that it is true that women have rights and are more responsible according to the Constitution of the country.
At the same time, the party wishes you all a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year.
In this regard, the Seng will meet with the Directorate to explain these issues of the youth.
The mother will be tested after 14 days and if she is negative she will be released.
The monument is 30 feet tall and weighs 238 tonnes.
The influx of foreigners has affected individual and collective identity in ethnic minorities and this demand has been going on since the 1970s.
About 50 villages have been affected by the collapse of this road. The union will meet with the Minister in charge of the department to expedite the work. Prestone Tynsong, Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya, said that the road will be constructed.
The death toll has risen to 9 in East Khasi Hills, 4 in South West Garo Hills, 1 in West Garo Hills, 1 in West Jaintia Hills. Hills 2, the death toll has risen to
They have lodged a complaint with the Governor of Meghalaya because the CEM, Bah PN Syiem, has not responded to the UDP's request for an explanation. but because they had not received the explanation, they could not come to the Governor.
Ronaldstone Syiem, Correspondent of The Shillong Times, passed away on Thursday morning at Woodland Hospital, Shillong after suffering from illness for several months. .
Many of them have lost their lives just because of the border as happened in Langpih village where four people lost their lives, as well as in Khanduli and Khanduli villages. In addition, people are being harassed by the Assam police from time to time and the government does not take action to protect them.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the MLA said that this hill is a source of water for the entire city of Shillong. now.
This is a violation of the human right to rise to the same level as other paradoh parasnam of Bri U Hynniewtrep who live in urban areas.
The Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills has sent an inquiry into the incident.
The Association in a meeting with the Minister explained that the EPFO ​​Act 1952 is a special Act for Companies, Factories, Large Firms which have permanent staff with monthly salary as well as those who there is work almost all year round.
Murmu will first visit Tura, the district headquarters of West Garo Hills District, to open the Meghalaya Games from the 15th to the 20th of this month.
Dr Mukul said that many of those who died of COVID-19 died before reaching the hospital, the reason was that the sick were transported by public ambulances, as the government has now surrendered. in the fight against the COVID-19 pandemic.
One of the youth job seekers said that their demand is that the Government should increase the age of employment to 30 years.
She recalled that it was formed in 1900 to fight for the demand for a Hill State at that time and she said that the state was also given from Assam in 1972 by taking from two districts of Assam. United Khasi Hills and Garo Hills.
The MMECC urges the DFO, Territorial East Khasi Hills District to expedite the inspection so that those who still have the mined coal can be released after the office has issued it. to the Challan.
The Jaintia National Council (JNC) on Tuesday demanded that the Government Ministers, who are also MLAs of Jaintia Hills, should talk about the development grants and not the railway line.
The Chief Minister said that these soldiers who came from the USA via Karnataka and one BSF soldier who came from Rajasthan via Kolkatta tested positive for COVID-19 in Shillong.
For more information please contact Prof. Gideon at 7576009015 and the deadline for submission of applications for GD / PI will be on the 16th of this month.
On the other hand, the party stands firmly against this land acquisition on the grounds that the area will remain peaceful and we don't need those military forces to come and station inside the area. whole.
This was stated by Prestone Tynsong, Minister in charge of this department.
In the past years he has tried to help, how to find ways and means to create jobs for many people and if the people entrust him with the post of MDC he will be able to work better in the field. raise up the young man.
Explaining the recent achievements in the field of education and skills development in the last 10 years, Minister Duh spoke about the ranking of Indian educational institutions in the QS Ranking from 9 to 46th and 13th to 100th in the Times Higher Education Impact Ranking.
The main issues that were explained to the public and also as part of the training were the Right to Education (RTE), Act 2012, POCSO Act, Child Labour, Corporal Punishment Act, Protection of Women from Domestic Violence ( PWDV) Act 2005, Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (SHWW) Act, Early Marriage, Integrated Child Protection Scheme (ICPS), Blood Donation lem and others.
This is according to a statement sent by Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem from the CEM of KHADC.
She also praised the people who were nearby who tried to separate her and this saved her from the injuries. for.
On the other hand, the residents of Mawtap village were angry and staged a road blockade where vehicles were not allowed to pass through the Sohiong road. The PWD has already given permission to build this footpath.
How can this officer dare to send away his employees when he has not been able to do anything even for the hundreds of refugees who were destroyed by the natural disaster on the 1st and 2nd of this month.
The main purpose of this festival is to raise awareness among the people to preserve their culture. The KHCF, which organizes this festival, invites the people of Khasi Khara. to attend this festival to be a revival of their own nation in its customs and traditions.
The speech was delivered by Smt.
There are 6 recoveries from East Jaintia Hills, 1 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from West Garo Hills and 2 from West Jaintia Hills. .
Regarding the distribution of blankets and jerseys, he said that before the election, the MLA said that this donation was from his own donation but it was not sought from RTI. The price of a blanket is T.1050 and a set of jerseys is T.5000 tyngka.
In Shillong, the KSU has laid a wreath in front of the statue of this great man at Madan Iewrynhep in the presence of other civil society organizations. the day of the death of the great King of the nation.
These land owners have donated their land as a sign of respect to their efforts. The MLA of this area, Bah Sanbor Shullai, who is also a Minister in the Government, has honored them. Saturday at a meeting held at the council.
This is what stood out most in this interview.
At the same time, Deepika Roy, 32, was arrested from Laitumkhrah Road. She was taken to the residence of Archana Roy, 25, where 57.54 grams of heroin was seized. mobile phone and T.1,94,975/-.
Shillong, March 01: U Bah Reniktone L Tongkhar has extended his special thanks to the people of Mawkyrwat constituency who have elected him as their MLA and now a Minister in the government.
At the time of publication, the police are conducting a thorough investigation to identify those involved in the offer to sell the drugs to this child.
To prevent their entry it is good if the villages have a register to keep the names of the residents and this is to prevent people from entering the villages.
The District Council has now fought as hard as it can to protect the people.
“We can no longer look at those who have been affected by the NGT order. How sad it is for those who earn their living by working in the coal mines.
He said that some of the institutions where the scheme is implemented include Jakran Lake City University, Bhopal, Global University in Mirzapur, IMI, Bhubaneswar, Imperial College in Bangalore, Garden City College in Bangalore. Bangalore and other prestigious universities in the country.
At the same time, it was alleged that the Rangbah Shnong has exercised authority in the management of the village affairs by appointing office bearers without calling the Dorbar Shnong. village administration.
“We also request the Chief Minister of Assam Himanta Biswa Sarma who is the leader of the North East to discuss these demands with the Government of India in Delhi,” said the Union leader. of Cook-cum-Helper.
The recognition of the Khasi language under the Eighth Schedule of the Constitution is also a priority issue.
During his visit to Tura, the ADG met with the officers and urged them to be healthy and mentally strong as officers.
Speaking to reporters, UHM President Charlie J Rani said that according to the PCCF, the PCCF has refused to build a park. The union has no objection to the proposal of the forest but their meeting today is that the relevant department should allow these women to sell shops in front of the forest. you can park.
However, he said that the minister has said that it is difficult for the government because this scheme belongs to the central government but he said that even so, he will try to Furthermore, the union has urged the minister not to have a relationship with the MLA scheme as 50% and the MGNREGS scheme as most of the MLA schemes go only to the MLA scheme. but if there can be an agreement to distribute the MLA schemes and the MGNREGS scheme, it will benefit the people, because they can use it together with the MLA schemes.
“I invite companies from the United States to come and invest in Meghalaya by working with the people of the state for the benefit of the people of the state. “It will be a source of employment for the youth,” said the Chief Minister.
In the petition, HITO said that they do not agree with the word bat khydnew because it is not a word that carries meaning and if this word continues it will become a problem in the future and this is not the custom of the Hynniewtrep people. .
Furthermore, the deterioration of this road has affected the traffic especially for the sick who have had to stay on the road just because of the deterioration of this road. The road is the budlum of the entire Northeast State, this road has to connect many states in the North Eastern Region of the country.
The JSU during its visit to the Civil Hospital in Ialong witnessed that due to the lack of beds in the maternity ward, pregnant women have to sleep on the streets of the hospital.
Around this area, people have panicked and run away without finding anyone, in which there has been a heavy clash between people and some people have been injured and around these nearby shops. and they were all afraid.
Shillong, Lber 07: Meghalaya has received T.67.94 lakh for the development of tourism in the state out of which T.50 lakh has been allocated for the rural areas.
During the meeting, the Chief Minister said that the government will sit down and consider their views, as the government has the intention to address the problems of the teachers for the sake of the bit is the place of the teachers.
“Meghalaya is a state that includes all people of their own faiths, and we support freedom of faith according to our Constitution.
Shillong, July 29: The Congress Party today nominated Vincent H Pala for the 1-Shillong Parliamentary Constituency and Saleng A Sangma for the 2-Tura Parliamentary Constituency.
“We must look at the preparedness and protection as planned by Prime Minister Duh so that we can be ready for any disease that may come," she said.
The KHADC has not passed a law but has implemented it.
“Besides, the Government should continue to bring peace and at the same time take steps to hold talks with all armed groups to protect the minorities of Manipur so that peace will be The Chairman of NESO has destroyed the house of Kong Ribiang Phawa in Tuberkmaishnong village, East Jaintia Hills District on Friday.
Other parts of the program include the awarding of prizes to the winners of the drawing and poetry competitions held as part of this year's Environment Day celebrations.
Anita Roy, who is also a member of NEFAS, showed how these people who came from these two villages and at the same time these people of these two villages showed how the way they shet which they use every day in the villages.
South Garo Hills Police and SF-10 Special Police have seized an AK-56 from the GNLA hideout. and one magazine, one SLR rifle, 76 unused rounds of AK rifle and 13 rounds of SLR rifle. These weapons were hidden by the GNLA inside Dosogre forest. the parts of Chit-gittim.
There are three parts to this, discussion, reflection and decision-making.
The state police have received this information from the swait and after confirming the movement of him, they have arrested him. The police are from Manipur.
He said that with the availability of CCTV cameras, drug users are now more likely to come to these villages and hopefully this will help Wahthapbroo.
The JSU has demanded that Amit Shah should order the BSF to recruit youths from the border areas or villagers to join the BSF as this will lead to closer relations. between the BSF and the border residents.
We are now conducting investigation to identify those responsible," he said.
Among those who have recovered are Dr T.Rymbai and another Dr from Civil Hospital Shillong.
The JHADC has been involved.
Until now, Assam has faced the same problem where the Assam Legislative Assembly has not had an opposition leader.
It is reported that the post light has been installed for more than 10 years.
“It is a great pleasure for us to be able to hold such tournaments in Shillong.
At the same time, the party urges the people to be vigilant in the writing of place names in Khasi Jaintia,” said Bah Albinus Lamurong (Asst GS).
In the meeting, the union was surprised that the Laskein CHC which looks after dozens of villages has only one special bed.
By conducting spot health screening, distribution of Ayushman Cards, renewal of Aadhar information and support to street vendors through PM-SVANidhi, this initiative is in line with the objective of bring about access to services for all sections of society.
Jiten Das, Karate Instructor, Department of Sports and Youth Affairs, Government of Assam participated in the meeting as the Chief Guest.
Speaking to reporters, he said he could not say how many hundreds of people have already submitted their EPICs because he has not received a sufficient count yet.
The special service will be held on Sunday morning with the theme “To God Be the Glory.
Bah Che's statement that the conflict in our country as well as in Kashmir and the North Eastern states is the work of the INC. The BJP and the NPP are politicians who have left the Congress party.
Shillong, Naitung 03: Former MLA Martin M Danggo, former MLA Jackiush A Sangma and Bah Pynshngianlang Syiem have filed their nomination papers for the mid-term elections from the 35th Ranikor Constituency. Former MLA of Mawsynram.
The total number of people who have tested positive for COVID-19 has risen to 96671, the number of recoveries to 94990 and the death toll to
Speaking at the meeting, Deputy Chief Minister of Manipur Joykumar Singh Yumnam said that many times the people of North East have been discriminated against because of their differences in appearance. darn another.
On Saturday night, police found the body of a young woman in Nan Polok and took her to the Civil Hospital for post mortem.
During these days, meetings will be held across the state where various programs will be held during the month to disseminate information and to raise awareness among the people of this country regarding the rights of the people. of persons with disabilities as enshrined in the Constitution of India and also through the United Nations Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities (UNCDRP).
On this occasion, after talking to the MeEcl Chief Officer in charge of Amlarem Sub Divisional, he said that he will take immediate action to look into and take the necessary action.
The Minister of State for Cooperation, BL Varma was also present on the occasion.
Sourav Pathak of Ramkrishna Mission Higher Secondary School was the first student with 571 marks in all subjects followed by Subhendu Karmakar of Tura Town. Neil Leeson Syiemlieh of Kiddies Corner Secondary School came third with 566 marks in all subjects.
In a statement sent to the Sordar of Mawlat, Bah Maron Suting, along with the videos, he said that the children's dorbar in Mawlat started on the 22nd of June. 2016 and last updated on November 4, 2023.
Residents of Umkyllaiñ area below Nongstoiñ on Saturday found a body that had fallen into the check dam on the Umkyllaiñ River under Urkali. West Khasi Hills District.
The Project Director has set up a Supply Chain Committee comprising Program Officers from various divisions to oversee and ensure the supply of all ARVs from SACS to the ART Centres.
He said that joining and leaving the Congress party will depend on their wishes and it is their decision whether to leave or stay in the party.
President of East Jaintia Hills District Congress Committee and MLA of Sutnga-Saipung Constituency Ma Shitlang Pale also delivered a short speech.
This was discussed during the meeting and submission of a petition by the Dorbar to Shri Rahul Gandhi, MP & Vice President AICC, by Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, Meghalaya State Planning Board, Govt of Meghalaya, Spokesperson, at a meeting with him today in Delhi.
TGU has now started admitting students to the university and their target is to admit up to 720 students.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Minister said that Meghalaya has produced up to 70,000 youth job seekers. ha you work you jam.
The meeting elected the Office Bearers of the Union and 30 Executive Members.
The meeting was to discuss the border issues between India and Bangladesh in the North East.
After the quarantine period, all cheetahs were taken to suitable shelters.
The mother said that the entire Barak Valley has gone to these people who came from Bangladesh.
Some schemes have been approved before the end of the 2022-2023 fiscal year, so to implement these schemes is very difficult but the state water supply department has taken all the ways to complete them on time.
Isn't it the duty of the government to protect the lives of the people?
The cost of this 10 kilo meter cleaning using plastic jot is only T.33 lakh and the quality of the road is like highways and those who want to see this can The DC of West Khasi Hills District has visited the road in Nongkynjeng village.
Shillong, June 18: Meghalaya will get another district, South East Khasi Hills District, with its headquarters in Sohra. budget for the year 2019-2
Speaking to SP News Agency, Agnes said that once the High Court has issued its decision, she will take the necessary measures, but she said, “I will go to the Supreme Court regarding this. claim".
The opening ceremony of the Silver Jubilee of the KJP, which was held today at the Conference Hall of the KJP, Barik, was attended by Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, Executive Member of the KHADC. in-charge Trade, was the chief guest, the SRT has reached another milestone, to move forward in new ideas that will bring about change in the future of the nation.
This hidden earnings are reinvested in businesses through fictitious companies.
Police are continuing their investigation into the bomb blast in Panjabi Lane. So far, two persons have been arrested.
As a result, India has experienced the adoption of energy efficient lighting systems and this has resulted in lower energy consumption and a cleaner environment.
The strike by the GHADC employees has also affected the people who have jobs in relation to the people of Garo Hills.
sub-clauses (2) & (3) prohibit the President from repealing or amending laws enacted after three years of the enactment and implementation of the Constitution of India. the Act is enacted through paragraph 19(1)(b) of the Sixth Schedule.
He said that in the last 15 years, the MDA government has done a lot of work under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma as the Chief Minister.
“Furthermore, they state that they are members of the party, which shows that it was the order of the party that sent those two men to be killed.
In the letter, they wrote that the central government should immediately improve the NH-6, widen the road to accommodate seven vehicles and improve it from time to time.
Answering additional questions, the Minister said that the state government has written to the central government since 14th July 2019 and on 20th June 2020 the government has written to remind them of the ICDS. I've been singing until now.
Therefore, the union urges the government authorities to sanction especially the post doctors for the 100 bedded CHC in Mawkyrwat as this CHC now has only one MD and 3 MBBS doctors.
Shillong, July 30: The Association of Rangbah Shnongs of Phlangdiloin District, which includes 17 villages, has demanded that the KHADC should issue a No Objection Certificate for the construction of the road. Speaking to reporters, Bah Christopher Lyngdoh said that according to the tender invited by the Road Construction Department of the Central Government on 5th June 2014, There are two roads, one from Nongstoin to Wahkaji which is about 68 km and one from Wahkjai-Phlangdiloin to Ranikor which is about 30 km.
The Judicial Commission set up by the two state governments to investigate the incident has been dissolved immediately after the Chief Minister of Assam Himanta Biswa Sarma and the Chief Minister of Meghalaya Conrad K. Sangma. Meeting to discuss the boundary settlement in Khanapara.
And many of them don't even get the full salary they deserve and to get their salary, they have to fight,” said Daniel.
The unit is now highly specialized in defense operations.
On the other hand, the Chief Engineer of the Road Construction Department, said that there is a feeling that if you are dismissed from your job, it is like knieh noh ia u khiew jah. don't have a job if you're a master roll.
We are ready to encourage people to come forward to create job opportunities.
If you say that we have the Sixth Schedule in this state, how come the influx of foreigners is so high.
After talking, Doctor Safiqul Islam removed the tujaw from the head of the child.
Shillong, November 05: The Central Executive Council (CEC) of the KSU Nongpoh Circle today announced that the new office bearers of the KSU Nongpoh Circle will be elected by casting lots. vote on November 15
In a petition sent today, the MUGH said that within two months, nine cases of rape of women and children have occurred in Garo Hills.
The Government should take action to ensure that drivers of commercial vehicles should not drink alcohol while driving and should be tested and if they drink alcohol while driving should be revoked. drive your car.
At the same time, the Seng would like to urge the people not to be afraid or shy or have any prejudice against anyone in such times of crisis for the Jaitbynriew and the world as a whole.
Khliehriat, November 15 : A consultative meeting between Meghalaya and Assam will be held on Tuesday, November 15, 2023 at Holy Cross Secondary School Umkiang, East Jaintia Hills District, to discuss the border demarcation between the two states. in the second watch.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that Jaiaw Langsning has become one of the villages which has a goal to bring about change in the state. He said that the Khasi people are unique in that we live together in the community and we work together in whatever job we have. section.
Shillong, Nailur 05: The office of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, to educate the public not to use plastic, has decided not to allow the use of plastic in the Chief Minister's room.
At present, the BJP has worked hard to win the victory of its candidates in all nine constituencies in the mid-term elections. The entry of the BJP MDCs into the KHADC and one into the JHADC will give strength to the party as the mid-term MDC elections are ahead which will be held on the 13th of November. u year.
Answering questions, Donal said that this corruption has always existed and to eradicate it is not the people but those in the secretariat.
The Cabinet meeting also decided that from 27/03/2020, urban areas such as Shillong, Tura and Jowai will be able to deliver food items to their villages. village in those shops.
In his speech, Swami Divyaswarupananda Maharaj, Assistant Secretary, Ramakrishna Mission, Shillong, congratulated the youth who have dedicated their bodies and souls to the pursuit of education.
Such languages ​​cannot be accurately claimed as indigenous or common languages ​​because there are no exact sources to confirm this.
There were many young women who came to the competition. The organizers after careful consideration have selected 18 young women to contest Miss Meghalaya, 2023 and 19 young women to contest the Miss Meghalaya, 2023 title. Teen Miss Meghalaya, 2023.
Referring to the ANVC's request, the Chief Secretary said the state and central governments are now considering it.
Dr Ajeet Gopchade has been appointed as co-incharge for Manipur, which will bring about change and understanding to achieve the BJP's vision in the state.
Shillong, March 14: The Durga Puja celebrations ended today with the worship of the gods at Wahumkhrah amidst tight security in Shillong.
He also directed to follow the SOPs of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare in the containment zones.
The residents of this village have been waiting for the government to complete the construction of this road which falls under the Mawsynram PWD Division.
“Now you can plant, cultivate and sell siej like any other crop," he said.
To build toilets for 30 poor households in the area, Bah Sanbor has allocated T.1.40 lakh tyngka in the Cantonment area under Jahlupara. leave these places.
The Saitsama Out Post Police have come to prevent any clashes between the Karbi and Khasi-Pnars and the Assam Police have immediately rushed to the scene to stop the clashes. any unfortunate event in the conflict of the two parties.
The meeting was attended by the Sordar Shnong, Secretary Shnong and the public.
Through our various units in South West Khasi Hills District, we have found that there are places where although the dealers have not sent money to the buyers, the supply of rice to the dealers is low because the wholesalers do not pay. ot kilograms of rice and less than kilograms of rice.
Regarding the State Election Commission, there has been a discussion that the MDC elections should be conducted by the SEC, while the Dorbar Shnong elections should be conducted by the District Councils under the KHADC and JHADC. March 09: The Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (HYC) today launched its office at NEHUSU Office at the NEHUSU Office.
Shillong, Feb 02: The CSWO today expressed its anger over the police's claim that they have not received an order from the court to respect.
The state needs to improve its sports activities and the youth of this state are talented and can even be selected to participate in the Olympic Games if they receive proper training.
Dr. (Prof.) DR Syiemlieh has also served as Professor of the History Department of NEHU, Registrar, Controller of Examination, Head of Department and Pro-Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Vice Chancellor. Rajiv Gandhi University, Arunachal Pradesh, a member of the Board of the UPSC until he became the Head of the UPSC. Tirot Syiem and who also found the statue of Thomas Jones in Kolkata, West Bengal.
Regarding the public meeting convened by the office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, some villages like Bolsum, Balsrik, Watre Rong-Chong, wanted to be in Meghalaya, but these villages did not. This is not included in Meghalaya.
Noting that he cannot comment without knowing exactly which project the VPP refers to, the Minister clarified the position of the State Government regarding the taking of the loan.
The recruitment process was efficient from application to final selection, examinations were conducted in local languages.
Every month, members of this group deposit T 10 into the account of this group.
Shillong, July 03: The Political Department has completed all the requirements for the upgradation of the Ranikor Administrative Unit to the Ranikor Civil Sub Division. government announcement.
The meeting was attended by the Governor of Meghalaya, Ganga Prasad, the Ministers who accompanied the Chief Minister on this visit. Hamletson Dohling, Samlin Malngiang and James K Sangma.
““The incidents that happened in Shillong are not peaceful and after 10 o'clock the traffic is not peaceful.
However, they have now received a plot of land in Tynring to build the school and can complete the construction within a year.
On the other hand, the 13 parties can no longer just listen to what the government has already passed, the government should implement this law.
There will also be a change in the Nongkhlaw Hima in relation to the election of Syiems and Deputy Syiems in which the DCA has decided to change in some areas.
Doctor Frozen Food India Private Limited has charged T.55.05/- per kg.
On the closing day of the tournament, singers from Shillong came to perform, and the students of Kidys Nongthymmai Shillong received a masdril.
Therefore, I request you to register a case against the above offender under the provisions of the law and prosecute immediately so as to ensure that he gets punished," the AIG said in the ejaculation.
The Seng congratulates the DC who has also ordered that private agencies should not register Aadhar for unregistered persons in these companies and elsewhere.
The protest was held at M/s Thangkhiew Petrol Pump from the 20th to the 21st of July.
Shillong, July 07: The Karbi People's Liberation Tiger (KPLT) has been attacking Khasi in Block I and Block II from time to time. The Student Union has met with the Karbi civil society organizations in Nongpoh to discuss this issue.
In West Khasi Hills District, no tragic incident occurred except for the burning of two vehicles of the company constructing the road from Shillong to Tura.
These incidents can also be reported to the Cybercrime Helpline Number 1930 and the Police Control Room, Shillong at 0364-2215427 and 6009196479,” said the SP (City).
I appeal to the voters to support the Congress in the Lok Sabha elections.
In the application program, participants will showcase their businesses where they can get jobs with people who have established themselves well in the program production industry.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: The Minister in charge of Urban Affairs, Bah Hamletson Dohling, who is also the MLA of Mynlliem, today said that talks are ongoing to move the Jhalupara Police Outpost to Umsherpi Bridge.
It is time to abolish the issuance of trading license to non-residents.
“Our fight against corruption is not just talk but we are determined because if we cannot fight it in this time, our state will fail.
Explaining about the PPP, the Chief Minister said that the government encourages the creation of jobs in collaboration between the government and the private sector. a special section known as the Community Public Private Partnership.
Jowai, Jymmang 08: U Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of PWD, Bah MM Sun, Secretary PWD (R&B), Bah L Passah CENH, PWD (R), NHAI officials, Col.
The search for sources of these products in the country is very limited compared to the products in the soil.
She said that she has been on leave for several months after the death of Bah JS Khonglah.
The Adhoc teachers today came to protest by holding banners in front of the Secretariat and four leaders including the president of the union Bah K.Sahdap to protest against the express their demand for teachers.
He also asked Bah Ardent where is the law that says that an MDC cannot work whether it is to bring development schemes from the Central Government, the State Government or any other for the benefit of the MDC. public.
Sharma, who runs a hospital, was also charged seven years ago for being found in possession of forged documents.
Another decision taken by the Cabinet today was to introduce a Bill on the reduction in the salaries of MLAs, as this has worked only in the form of a government announcement. if it is not brought before the House, this government proclamation dies.
The NEIPF also demands the establishment of a fully functional Anti Narcotics Task Force (ANTF) like the SB, CID in the State, headed by a Chief Officer holding the rank of Inspector General (IG). look specifically at drug trafficking activities in the State.
On the other hand, MUGH hopes that the government will do whatever is necessary to implement the laws to punish the perpetrators.
In her speech, Dr Prema Gandhi, Interim President of BSF Wives Welfare Association, said that it is necessary for mothers to receive adequate training in the care of their children. their children are not born.
The Government has given a lot of attention to the youth especially in the field of employment and other income generation opportunities. that the communication in the villages should be improved.
His wife was injured and was taken to Civil Hospital Shillong for treatment.
It is very relevant to these times as it is the respiratory system of the body that is most affected by the Covid-19 virus,” the Prime Minister said.
Shillong, March 12: The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) today held a meeting to express its condolences on the sudden passing away of the Archbishop of Shillong, Rev Dominic Jala. cars in the United States.
All the reports related to the export of agricultural products are available on the website of APEDA.
At present, the state government cannot do anything in the selection of students for this line of doctoral studies.
Minister Duh said the country has achieved great success.
Also avoid places where there is no water such as ponds, lakes, rivers, reservoirs and beaches.
During the debate in Parliament on the bloodshed in Gujarat, Prime Minister Vajpayee responded by taking the advice of Robert Kharshiing, MP four times in the Gujarat. parliament.
The parties in the government should take responsibility for the events inside the government. They cannot blame only the NPP because the work has been done by all the parties in the government. especially UP which is the largest group in this coalition government.
She talked to people with disabilities and listened to their success stories.
We cannot say whether the fire was caused by an electrical fault or whether someone was involved in the incident and the investigation is ongoing,” said one. from police officials who came to inspect the scene, while talking to reporters.
Also present on the occasion were the Deputy Director of RRTC, Brother Bosco, Director of the Training Centre, Bah Tombing Vumzagin and others.
Shillong, Nailur 19: The NRAI on Saturday re-elected Raninder Singh as the president of the National Rifle Association of India (NRAI) for the fourth term after he defeated the BSP. MP Shyam Singh Yadav.
May the 31st Anniversary of Ri Bhoi District bring forth great thinkers, great intellectuals who will be able to think for the betterment of Ri Bhoi District and the state of Meghalaya.
The race was inaugurated by Bansaralin Dhar as the chief guest in the presence of Meghalaya Athletic Association Secretary Finely Pariat.
The Chief Minister said that the contractor who constructed this road should be punished and should be punished according to the law and these contractors who do this work should be marked four so that they will not get jobs in the country. other places.
Nongstoin, Jymmang 12: The Deputy Commissioner, West Khasi Hills District, Nongstoin, today announced that all government offices, courts, schools and colleges within the boundary of the state will be closed. They will be on leave on the 22nd of this month due to the Shad Suk Mynsiem organized by the Khasi West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Nailur 13: There are 226 new cases of COVID-19 in Shillong today, 64 cases from East Khasi Hills, 63 cases from West Khasi Hills and 63 cases from West Khasi Hills. The total number of cases so far is
B.Swer from Laitsohpliah village, said that her parents used to teach her how to produce fertilizer when she was a child, but with the introduction of fertilizers, she has lost it. This practice has now destroyed the soil.
Although the state is rich in oil and other natural resources, industry and development of the region is still lacking.
He said that the construction of the Tirot Singh Indigenous Knowledge and Cultural Center (TSIKCC) will be constructed at a cost of T.2.5 crore and the work has been handed over and we expect it to start in a few days. “Implement this work,” said Bah Metbah.
Today alone, 3667 people aged 18 to 44 years, 467 people aged 45 years and above, 1351 people aged 15 to 18 years, 12 people aged 12 years, 43,897 candidates and 8,92,384 candidates who have completed the second vaccination.
“I urge the people of the surrounding area not to be fooled by being bought for money. He said that this state is a special state, people know people and know God. , but only from the party differences to the boundary of the family, only from the party paid of the church, only from the party paid of the society"
He said that the publication of the souvenir also has many shortcomings which has proved the bias of the committee which organized the jubilee as well as the participation in the editorial board without including the villagers of the three villages. Twenty villages have been approved to be on the board but the names have been nominated by foreigners.
After the implementation of these laws and clear projects, the government cannot introduce other types of projects to develop the state because at that time these development projects will really develop the people of the country. try country.
The court has authorized the police to remand the two KSU members for seven days so that the police can conduct a thorough investigation.
Richard Mrong Marak, President of MYPC, said that 20 soldiers of the country have sacrificed their lives to protect the country in the clashes on the India-China border in Ladak Union Territory. They also held a two minute silence to pray for these soldiers who have sacrificed their lives for the sake of the country.
Shillong, Naitung 15: The JACSO of South West Khasi Hills District has sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma to remind him that on the opening day of the district, he said, JACSO Regarding this promise of the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma three years ago, JACSO has now written to The Chief Minister said that he should fulfill his promise without in front of the people. He said that this speech of his at that time has touched the minds of the students. .
This incident has affected the feelings of the Christians throughout the district and has upset many.
The Khasi language has been given the right to be included in the Eight Schedule of India.
He said that mountaineering is not only a skill but also a way of life and training in this field provides lifelong training.
On the government's initiative to build the road from Ampati, Dalu, Ranikor, the Chief Minister said that once completed, this road will be a barrier for the North East and develop the country. economy.
The purpose of this is to honor the people in the workforce who have contributed to the community.
The meeting was conducted by Samla Teibor Bina, Spokesperson of Shillong Archdiocese Catholic Youth Movement Zone-V. Evelyne Nonglyer, Secretary Shillong Archdiocese Catholic Youth Movement Zone-V, said that the program was enriched by Bah Pynbiang Kshiar, President and Chairman of Shillong Archdiocese Catholic Youth Movement Zone-V. Boston Marak of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) said that they will work with the district authorities to find ways and means to curb the use of plastic bags. long to preserve the environment.
Bah Dkhar added.
He said that fish farming in fish tanks is very difficult to get fish water unlike in these types of boxes, because it is also difficult to separate the fish from the working fish. , but in this box the fish can be placed in one part of the box while the working fish can perform their duties in another part of the box.
Shillong, Nailur 28: The Eastern Air Command, Air Force Upper Shillong in collaboration with ROKO Cancer, a NGO, has conducted a survey of the residents of Pomlum village. it is with chronic illness.
The KSU has earlier demanded that the government should consider the proposal to increase the electricity tariff so that it will not affect the poor and needy people.
Maligaon, Lber 24: The Railway Protection Force (RPF) has seized 167 kilograms of Ganja worth T.16.7 lakh from Maligaon in four days.
In his speech, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that Meghalaya needs 2.3 lakh metric tonnes of milk, but the state has been able to produce only 83,000 metric tonnes of milk.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: Employees of Shillong Municipal today met with the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar to discuss the salary. The Chief Minister of the State to discuss this issue regarding their salaries.
Out of the 140 boxes seized, 7 boxes contained gelatine or dynamite, 83 boxes contained box safety fuse. and 50 boxes containing electronic detonators.
The committee organizing the tournament has allowed that two or three teams from the same kur can be formed by paying the entry fee as stipulated.
Shillong, November 07: The President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Lambokstarwell Marngar on Tuesday said that the government should not be corrupt in calling for peace talks with the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC).
Shillong, July 10: The Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'im Latho Manik Syiem, has appointed Bah Midnight Born Kharlukhi as the Minister of Hima.
It is worth mentioning that the roads under the scheme of the central government are from Nongstoin to Hahim, from Nongstoin to Kyrshai to Assam and from Nongstoin to Wahkaji and Mih to Ranikor. the PDF will still sit and think.
KSU Dehradun Unit also held a Freshers' Meet where KSU-CEN President Lambokstarwell Marngar was the Chief Guest and Mily Rabon was the Symbud Guest. Students from other states of the North East including Mizoram, Nagaland and others were also present.
If we look at the results of the last three years, the annual sales on Gandhi Jayanti have exceeded Rs 1 crore.
The HYC has organized various protests across the Hynniewtrep Hills to demand the implementation of the ILP by holding flags and placards at all the places where ministers inaugurate development projects. , signature campaign, photograph of the ministers and a three day march along the road.
The prevalence of smokers and tobacco chewers is highly prevalent and dangerous.
Nineteen writers from Meghalaya attended the meeting which was held in Assam.
The ceremony will be held at the church church in Iawmusiang Jowai and also at the Tympang Club Ground, Iawmusiang near the Unitarian Church Church, Jowai.
“Before the 2023 elections, I have already said that the constituency and the nation as a whole will not expect me to contest (in Them Iewmawlong) as a candidate or to contest only for the election.
The committee was headed by the CEM and members included EM I/C Market, Grace Mary Kharpuri, EM I/C Health and Sanitation, Solid Waste Management, Victor Ranee, Addl.DC Bah Ronie Wahlang, Sector Officer Bipul Das, Urban Development Department, Rangbah Shnongs of seven villages surrounding the market, Syiem of Mylliem Hima and the Minister did not look after the market.
Over the past eight years, the number of airports in the region has increased from 9 to 16 and the number of flights has increased from about 900 before 2014 to about 1900 now.
Because the population of Meghalaya has increased over the years, not only those who study, work and live in the city, the government has decided to have its own government building for the benefit of the people. as the people of the state in this city.
The Bill also includes the “Rongbia” which is currently only in Bhoi. This means that if there is a jait which has been declared extinct, one of the sons of the jait is allowed to marry. I don't know if you're a Khasi or not.
There was also a special honor for a 102 year old man from Laitlyngkot, Klin Kharbuli.
The 125th Anniversary of the Jowai Church and the Annual Conference of the Unitarian Union North East India will also be attended by the leaders of the Unitarian and Universalist Church from USA Rev. Gary Smith and Rev. John Gibbons, from Canada, Rev. Brian Kiely who is also President of the International Council of Unitarians and Universalists and Rev. David Gyero from the Unitarian Church of Romania.
The All Meghalaya SSA Non-Teaching Staff Association (ASS) has given 15 days to the State Government and the Education Department to implement the new salary. otherwise, they threatened to take to the streets in protest.
Shillong, Nailar 18: The FKJGP East Khasi Hills District under the leadership of Bah Elton Warjri President EKHD and Bah Reginald Thabah, Assistant Information Secretary, Seng Kmie has visited Stand Jeep, Garikhana, Upper Mawprem and Last Stop Laban, during the inspection, it was found that many shopkeepers do not have trading licence and Labor licence. trading license.
Shillong, March 18:
Modi said the present generation will never forget the time when the Constitution was rejected by ignoring democracy and the country was turned into a prison.
At this meeting, they decided to take a resolution against the implementation of the UCC in the tribal areas. of the District Councils in relation to this decision.
The Government has already approved the construction of three dispensaries, one in Weiloi, Jyllep and Dholai. to build dispensaries.
To further improve the dissemination of various news to the public, Batesi TV has started publishing news on its website.
Education Secretary : Ricky SvntemOrganizing Secretary : Teibor StenAssist.
He spoke about the PM KUSUM solar schemes, and said that there are more subsidies for the states of the North East.
According to a government announcement issued on 21/2/2022, Nikman Ch Marak has been appointed as the Deputy CEM of GHADC on the recommendation of the Chief Executive Member. Executive Members are Arbinstone B Marak, Henen R Sangma, Nathwalal S. Marak, Asahel D. Shira, Crozier G Momin, Sengbath R Marak, Grahambel A Sangma, Anseng A Sangma, Stevie M. Great.
Shillong, Lber 25: There are 13 new cases of COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, 1 in East Garo Hills, 9 in East Khasi Hills and 1 in West Khasi Hills. Garo Hills 1, West Jaintia Hills 2 people.
He said that in order to succeed in these efforts, people need to have a broad mind.
The participants and the villagers were encouraged by the presence of Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MDC Mawkynrew Constituency who was the Chief Guest.
New Delhi, March 07: The Special Director General of the North Zone of the Central Reserve Police Force, Zulfiqar Hasan today met the Union Minister of State for Child Development. North Eastern Region (DoNER), Dr Jitendra Singh in Delhi.
Online Registration- Those who wish to register can register online by scanning the QR Code on the Flyers and Banners.
The State Government has prepared for this in order to achieve this goal.
Shillong, Nailar 11: The Cabinet meeting of the State Government today decided to approve the Mid-Career Sponsored Courses. , for officers holding higher ranks, so that they may become more intelligent and better able to serve the State.
The state, which already has 22 companies of the Central Paramilitary Forces, has requested 76 companies to be deployed to the insurgent areas in Garo Hills and other suspected areas. don't hurry hura at that time.
Police urge the public to inform the police at 0364-2222214, Mawdiangdiang Police 8787471989 and SP Crime Branch
Hon'ble MP Shri.Vincent H Pala in his speech as the chief guest praised the village and the VEC for organizing such a program to encourage and educate the students. It is also the first time for him to witness such programs in the rural areas.
For Meghalaya, the polling day will be on 27th June
Because these natural resources are important for economic development.
This year's Book to Box Office section will have 'The Story Link' as a partner to encourage program writers to showcase their work to the producers.
In the Bangladesh War of 1971 he served in the 9th Division Nadia District of West Bengal. They were guarded by the Pakistani army.
Referring to their incumbent MLA, Bah Lamboklang Mylliemngap, he said, “We have elected you to build this road”. I don't know what to do to throw stones on this road.
The Chief Minister of Assam said that Meghalaya has provided witnesses to prove its claim and Assam has also provided witnesses to prove their claim. The reason why it was decided to visit these twelve places of mutual interest.
On the other hand, the CEM visited all those who suffered from the accident who are undergoing treatment at Nongstoin Civil Hospital. He was taken to Shillong Civil Hospital for treatment.
Satisfyway Lyngwa has lodged a complaint with the police against a man named Daniel Lyngdoh Mawphlang and alleged that on 21st July 2024 he stole two wheelers from him. Registration number ML-05W 3944 which was registered at Motphran.
On the other hand, the union has appointed an independent commission of inquiry headed by a retired judge to find out the truth. this allegation of corruption that should not be included in this team of inquiry.
During the meeting, they discussed many other activities of the organization and at the same time they said that the mission of the organization is not only to work in providing health care to the people but also to be tolerant.
He said that this festival will open the door for the youth of the area to showcase their talents, to enrich the culture and through this festival it will attract more tourists. from the state and from out of state.
Shillong, Iaiong 30: Despite the rapid increase in the number of cases of COVID-19, it has affected the society around the world as well as India and Meghalaya. The health and income sectors have declined steadily.
On this occasion, the Mylliem Lum Sports Association (MLSA) welcomed all the invitees. .
Police have registered a case against the arrested person and the investigation is ongoing.
The first government was held by the NCP under the leadership of Dr Donkupar Roy but this government did not last and collapsed. Congress Party(NCP) (14 MLAs),United Democratic Party (UDP) (11) MLAs,Hill State People's Democratic Party (HsPDP) (2 MLAs), Khun Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) (1 MLA),Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) (1) MLA and 2 Independents (2 MLAs).
Assam Chief Minister Sarbananda Sonowal recently said that regarding the amendment of the Citizenship Act of India to accept Bangladeshi Hindus as full citizens of India. It is good that the Central Government should arrange to urge all the states to provide accommodation to these Bangladeshi Hindu refugees and not to stay only in Assam.
Bah RV Lyngdoh, suggested to the Executive Committee that the Market Act should be amended and the opposition is ready to cooperate in this regard. for the benefit of the farmers in the state.
The Kur has summoned the family members of Ramesh Dkhar to appear before the office of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar, and in front of the leaders of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar, they have promised to immediately dissolve the Kur Dkhar as their Kur and to give another Kur.
The auto truck (ML10 A-4205) belonged to a foreigner named Horander Prasad, which he used to transport goods.
Proper research and record keeping are the cornerstones of many development projects.
LaShillong, July 06: After a long demand by the residents of the village to get a hall for holding village meetings and other trainings in relation to government schemes, today, PT Passah, BDO, Mylliem C&RD Block, in the presence of Bah Embhahlang B. Syiemlieh, MLA/MDC, Mawlai Constituency, Mawlai Constituency, has inaugurated the Mawlai Constituency. The hall was built under the Bharat Nirman Rajiv Gandhi Seva Kendra (BNRGSK) scheme at Mawlai Mawtawar, Shillong.
Through this statement, the party calls upon the residents of East Jaintia Hills District and other friends of the party to join hands in the protest by sleeping in the middle of the road.
The primary objective is to raise awareness among the public about the harmful effects of tobacco on the lungs, from cancer to diseases of the respiratory system.
At this public meeting, he said that the government has talked to the companies to convert these waste into electricity generation so that the waste does not flow into the river or into the roads.
Dkhar said that besides the EPIC, only the Residential Certificates issued by the Waheh Shong should be accepted for this purpose and all these documents should be attested by government officials. Otherwise, the originals should not be attempted. If any documents are found to be suspicious, they should be confiscated immediately and investigated to find out the truth.
The HSPDP is very concerned about this issue as it does not want to see Meghalaya become like Tripura.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: The Ministry of Animal Husbandry and Wildlife (MoHFW) today announced that it has received a report on 28/5/2023 sent to the National Institute of Animal Disease (NIHSAD) Bhopal. death of cattle in this state.
Police have arrested Paul Miki Kahrkongor, Jerry Mawthoh and Tonbor Wankhar from Pynthorbah-3 in connection with the theft of skum kba belonging to G Rai. In another incident, police arrested two members of the KSU from an Auto Reshow and seized two bottles of Umphniang sharak from them. They were identified as Khraw Marwein and Khrawkupar Stembor, both from Mawlai.
Shillong, Nailur 13: The FKJGP Mawsynram Circle has urged the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma to take action in the Mawsynram C&RD Block to upgrade it to a Civil Sub-Division. angnud that the people of this area have been slem bah.
Other speakers at the ceremony were Mylliem C&RD Block, Peter T Passah, Mawryngkneng C&RD Block, Ronnie Wahlang and Additional DHMO, Dr. A Lyngdoh. .
“ said Mr. Eddy Kery Pohtam, President of JSU War Jaintia Circle.
“It is time to wake up before the tyrsim of the evil one comes to our doorstep to destroy the lives of children, women and girls,” said Bah Thomas Passah President Young Wing of KHNAM. 22: The MPUF will start its protest tomorrow morning demanding that the government should withdraw the dismissal of the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills. District because his term of office has not expired.
The organization was established in 2010 and its mission is to help each other so that they can live a good life like others.
Shillong, March 30: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Upper Shillong Circle, on receiving information that there are about 30 foreigners who have come to work in the Indian Air Force, at 7mer Upper. Shillong.
The arrest of the suspect was made on the lead of a suspect from Baghmara. The suspect was arrested from Nongrim Hills Shillong. Police are conducting investigation to find out more. involved.
Friends as the MDC and MP elections are approaching we should be surprised to give our full support to the regional parties like KHNAM which sees the problems in the country.
Shillong, July 21: The Central Excise and Customs Department (CEC) has said that all exporters must have Central Excise registration. to export from 1st June this year.
If so, you have to understand what to think about in the future.
These research centers will use their facilities in collaboration with others.
Many of the students from different schools of Mawlai district took part in the march and when they reached Madan Heh, a public meeting was held in which various speakers and all the speakers they convey the harmful effects of drugs.
To treat drinking water containing pesticides, the Government of Meghalaya in 2010-2011 received Rs 0.66 crore from the Central Government, in 2011-2012 it received only Rs 0.02 crore and in 2012-2 got 0.32 crore.
Wankishuwa Mawlong was elected as the president, Jesril Shylla as the vice president, Apphira Lamurong as the general secretary and others were elected as the president. The office bearers of the party were elected on this day.
Those students who have applied for the application should come on the scheduled date, according to the information received from the office.
During the meeting with the Union Home Minister Amit Shah, they demanded that he should take strong measures to bring peace in Manipur and to provide assistance to those living in displaced areas. The government has been affected by the bloodshed in the state.
The uranium mining union has been expressing its opposition from time to time and will continue to oppose it.
Parking arrangements are at Madan Iew Rynghep, St. Edmund's College, MIIT Brookdene, St. Margareth's Convent, St. Mary's Convent, St. Anthony's H/S School Mini Stadium, Christ King College, Don Bosco Technical School , Loreto School Parking Lot (Hopkinson Road) and Malki Square.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: NPP candidate Ferlin CA Sangma has won the mid-term MLA election from the 48th Cell Constituency by 3511 votes against Congress candidate June Eliana R Marak.
The Ministers were accompanied by Dhaka Police and other dignitaries who left for Dhaka to inaugurate the statue of Syiem Tirot Singh at the Indira Gandhi Cultural Center (IGCC).
The Minister was accompanied by PDF office bearers, Chairman Mawkynrew C&RD Block, Bah T Pohshna, elders and others.
The tournament will start on the 27th March 2023 at the football ground which includes both men and women. The youth are encouraged to come and take part in this football tournament.
Thakur thanked the Government of Bangladesh for participating in the 51st IFFI held in July, 2021 and invited the country to participate again in the 52nd IFFI to be held in Goa in November, 2021.
The meeting also discussed whether it is possible to have Corona Care Centers in the villages and how to strengthen the existing Corona Centers in different districts. within the state.
One of the issues is regarding the roads in the area where the Mawkyrwat-Mawmerang-Rangthong road which falls under the jurisdiction of the Public Works Department Road Mawkyrwat Division is in poor condition.
India will play their last match against Tajikistan today before returning home.
Most of the foreigners who have illegally entered our state are from Assam.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with the Minister in charge of Forest and Environment, Bah Robert Kharjahrin and Bah Roykupar Synrem General Secretary, they said that in these days, it has been seen that the There is no radiation in the area.
Shillong, June 06: BSF troops in Gasuapara South Garo Hills district today arrested Bangladeshis who had smuggled into India and seized a large amount of money from them. deceived by their intention to sell within India.
At the same time, he said that the Congress party welcomes the Chairman appointed by the ruling PDF party. He wanted Bah LG Nongsiej to continue the work done by other Chairman in relation to the work of the Hima to improve them so that they have their own laws.
The mechanic is Akhilesh Chauhan from Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh.
“It is said that if the father is Khasi, the children are Khasi, if the father is not Khasi, the children are not Khasi. you are the one who is right.
He said that reports are still coming in and the estimate of the damage caused by the floods will be submitted to the government in the coming days.
: The All Meghalaya Domestic Workers Association (AMDWU) on Tuesday expressed its dissatisfaction with the failure of the State Government for more than 12 years on the demand for recognition. and the law shall be upon them.
He said he had already spoken to TMC General Secretary in charge of Meghalaya Manas Bhunia and asked for time to meet to discuss whether it should be in Shillong or whether I should go to Kolkata.
It is learned that this is not the first time that the company has been running for more than three years and the village cannot listen anymore and today they cannot close down the company. factory.
In Recurve Mix team, Rani Durgavati Vishwavidyalaya represented by Amit Kumar and Kratika Bichpuriya won a Gold Medal, Kurukshetra University Haryana Represented by Shivam Kumar and Ridhi a Silver medal and  Maharaja Ganga Singh University represented by  Anuj Bhambhu and Pariksha back Bronze medal.
To ShaliniAgarwal, Commissioner, Surat; Divyank Singh, CEO, Indore Smart City; u M.Prathap, CEO, Coimbatore Smart City; Ankit Khandelwal, CEO Agra Smart City, also gave explanations on the appropriate practices adopted in their cities.
