During the meeting, it was said that in the future, any raid should be conducted with the knowledge of the Dorbar Shnongs and the government has requested the people to cooperate with the Dorbar Shnong. government to bring peace.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Sanjay Goyal, said that nothing can stop the natural disasters.
He requested the Prime Minister to take action on this issue by talking to the Government of India to find ways and means to prevent the flow of fertilizer to Bangladesh.
Lalit of All India Police was the first to defeat Pawan Services in the 51-54kg category 4-3
He said that the department has also proposed to appoint a new Mission Director of the DREAM project as the current Director is too busy in the Kam Pohing Department.
In our country, there were some unrelated beliefs.
All these speakers expressed the need to preserve the environment which provides oxygen which everyone needs to breathe to live on this earth. those in power should do something now before it is too late.
Referring to the peace and order, the Chief Minister said that there will be no incident, but the police should ensure that there will be no more such incidents in the future. come.
He said that the Task Force Committee has already visited the site for the purpose of starting the school. Bamboo Technology, Pathology and others, using the Community Hall of Wahiajer Village and also several Animal & Husbandry Houses located in this area, and preparations for this are ongoing. go shit quickly.
Speaking to reporters, Sambormi Lyngdoh President and Dkhar Secretary said that as the Minister is not in Shillong, the union has submitted this letter to the Minister of Education. the state.
Discussions will be based on ‘documents’ and ‘evidence’ and will include explanations.
At this meeting, the tourist associations from Assam and Meghalaya unanimously decided to remove these exploiters from demanding money from vehicles at the airport.
The second program was also a competition for the title of Lasubon and Rangdajied 2019 in the presence of the judges including Ostarnic Marbaniang, Assistant Organizing Secretary, KSU. bad young Bankerkordor Kharbisnop (Research Scholar).
If it doesn't come from the government, even if they have to go to court, they have to do it because it comes from the Ministry of Panchayati.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Kong Amanda Pakyntein expressed her gratitude to the Creator and thanked the Office of the DC, East. Khasi Hills District through the Planning Department, Sordar Shnong and teachers and students of Syntung UP & Secondary School as well as the Forest Department who donated 125 tree seedlings.
In this meeting, the Minister in charge of Animal Husbandry and Wildlife in the state promised the FKJGP that the government will do whatever it takes to bring a bill. inside the dorbar hall because it is necessary that the people should get enough meat.
As the residents of Jaintia Hills we see every three years all the political parties include in their election promises to address the issue of Kiangnangbah College but after the elections all the promises have ended. , said HITO. The problem of this college is not only the admission of classes, but the inability of the government to appoint staff in this college, who have served for decades but have not HITO said that the government in recent days has struggled to provide for the needs of colleges, but the The HITO urges the MLAs of Jaintia Hills not to end only during the elections but to do something about this. Lawyerson War, President of HITO Jaintia Hills, has been arrested.
Tura, Jymmang 26: The clashes between the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) and the A'chik Songna An'pachakgipa Kotok (ASAK) continue.
He said that the duty of the party is to explain this to these villages which include about 36 villages.
Speaking to reporters, HITO President Donbok Dkhar said that the HITO has received information that many foreigners have received Trading License from the R&R Colony Welfare Society.
The first phase of the NE Entrepreneurship Challenge (Hunt) was also launched today.
The only way to overcome these is if people have a spirit of love, acceptance and compassion for those who have this disease,” added the trainer.
Shillong, June 03: U Boss Swel Khongthohrem, Rangbah Shnong of Nohwet, has sent a complaint to the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District regarding the overpricing of ration in the village. cut kilos.
The Secretary, Information and Broadcasting, Sanjay Jaju, in his speech, congratulated the entire PrasarBharti team for the SHABD and the new websites along with the launch of the app.
The flooding of the Kynshi River in Kynshi village has affected the entire West Khasi Hills as the highway to Nongstoin and Garo Hills passes through this village. cut you let you come.
The awards were presented by the chief guest, Mr RV Warjri, along with Mr N Munish Singh, Zonal Director, Raj Bhavan Shillong and Mr Raphael Warjri. , Chief Creative Director, Riti Academy of Visual Arts.
Speaking at the meeting, Shekhar Gupta said that PA Sangma passed away early and there are still many things he has to do for the people of India.
Demonetisation has boosted our efforts to build a just society.
A total of 81 awards were handed out this year reflecting the achievements of the industry in 2018-19.
When the teachers reached the Raj Bhavan road, the police did not allow them to turn to the Secretariat even though the teachers tried to force them to go to the Secretariat on the orders of the MSSASA leaders. that they may understand their fellow teachers.
“We have introduced this project in such a way that Shillong, New Shillong, Administrative and Knowledge City will have water supply for 30-40 years,” he said.
This has led to a better understanding and respect for the role of the Northeast in our uniqueness.
After observing the status of utilization of funds, regarding allocation of additional funds to the state.
Leaders should not be limited to proclaiming in public places.
Media reports said that at the beginning of the government, there was an agreement between the political parties that the term of office of ministers in the government would be for two and a half years.
Prestone was accompanied by party leaders from the party and supporters of the NPP from 35-Ranikor Constituency.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: Shillong Police have searched for Karan Kumar Das, 12, who went missing since
However, in Arunachal Pradesh, the team finished third with 39 gold, 36 silver and 37 bronze medals.
For the first time in the country, the North East has begun to see growth as the engine of India.
The allegation by the right side that the Chairman has used force is just a statement to cover up their power.
At the same time, he urged the Syiem of Mylliem Hima to order all the market dwellers not to use plastic bags and he wants to make this market free from plastic bags. of plastic.
Shillong, November 12: The Hills Farmer Union (HFU) of Meghalaya has congratulated the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah HS Shylla. K Sangma who announced at the Farmers' Assembly held in Tura.
Robertjune Kharjahrin Chairman of COMSO said that the FKJGP expresses its full support to the public meeting convened by Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit to be held tomorrow 6th June Madan Student to discuss the issue of CAA, ILP and the intention to demand from the Government of India regarding the laws to protect us as a nation.
That is what we have discussed and the police have admitted that their actions were wrong by not revealing their names,” he said.
Application forms can be obtained from Hotel Alpine Continental Lake View Inn opposite State Bank Main Branch, Neo Sports Bara Bazar opposite Godwin Hotel: Hill Mount School Lyngiong, Phermoon khonglam Store Pynursla, Dawn Studio and Vizel Enterprise, Lad Hard Thanat Saitsoh.
However, this morning from 9 pm onwards, there was a crowd at Motphram where the police drove them to the YMCA. Police have dispersed the crowd by firing tear gas and drove them away from the Catholic Church in Mawkhar.
It will work for the welfare of the people.
The total number of people tested positive for COVID-19 has risen to 95,925, the total number of recoveries has risen to 93,628, and the death toll has risen to
On the other hand, the Syiem said that the corruption of the actions of the people of the West has entered the society of the people and this has degraded the value of human beings. change of time to follow others must also remember the source to preserve it.
According to sources, the escape of these prisoners was after they injured the guards and how they managed to open the gate of the jail. The investigation is ongoing to find out the truth. at the time of writing, it is not known.
They include Pace bowler Akash Kumar Choudhary for the Best Bowler (senior men) after taking 34 wickets in 10 innings in the Ranji Trophy.
The total number of candidates contesting the election was 182, of which 75 were independent candidates.
Bull and other KSU members turned to Laitumkhrah and shot dead Nepali gangsters including Captain Thapa who were guarding the college gates.
The Minister in charge of School Education and Literacy, Deborah C. Marak, in her speech, said that this day reminds everyone how teachers have paved the way, given their support and reached the goal. the goal of achievement and ensuring that students reach the goal.
New Delhi, Nailr 16: “The Government of India has worked in the spirit of partnership with the States and UTs to improve, expand and strengthen the quality of health care across the country.
On the other hand, Bah DL Warjri said that it is also necessary to live a disciplined life and build one's life to promote the dignity of one's own country and one's clan in order to raise the dignity of one's nation. .
Meanwhile, police in Ri Bhoi District have arrested three members of the KSU for allegedly being involved in the burning of vehicles of the NEF Railway Construction Project at Ronghona in Ri Bhoi District.
They left all the camps where DNLA members lived and joined the government according to the law.
The light cut is not only for this office but for many other officers and residences of government officers, as well as private individuals.
He said that this selection was due to the hard work of the coaches Kong Nylla Mery Wahlang and Bah Tyngshaiñ Kharlyngdoh who have been able to shape their talents and also the gift. souls of their parents.
Speaking to media after a meeting with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, the President of the MTFVGA, Bah Bristar Mawthoh, said that the deterioration of the National Highway-6 in East Jaintia Hills District has stopped vehicles carrying agricultural products for days on the roads which has caused many problems in the delivery of agricultural products to other parts of the state.
Before being appointed as Governor of Meghalaya, Jacob served as Deputy Chairperson of the Rajya Sabha from 1982 to He held the Ministry of Parliamentary Affairs, Water Resources and Home Affairs during the tenure of Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi and PV Narashima Rao.
Shillong, June 11: Two more people have tested positive for COVID-19, Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma today.
Initially, the Executive Engineer of PWD, Bah WR Lyngdoh, said that the villagers had asked for an explanation. engineer has sent a letter to suspend the work without giving a reason why the PWD has suspended the construction of the footpath implemented under the NERGS scheme. The VEC officials have met with the EE of PWD to talk and ask for clarification but the EE has not been able to explain. The residents of the village have decided to block the road while the PWD has not yet given any explanation.
The UDP has so far announced 31 candidates from 60 constituencies in the state.
On this occasion, the students of Shillong Law College from different states of the North East performed patriotic songs and traditional dances. Dr. Shariff Uddin, other intellectuals were also present to witness the event.
Police have taken charge of the incident and the investigation is ongoing. Police are awaiting the post mortem report.
“However, although there is no acceptance from you on the date of publication of this hate speech, I as a responsible citizen and member of the VPP strongly urge you to take the necessary action against him. Minister of State and I would like to point out that in the same case, the Supreme Court has ruled that if there is any failure to act according to the order, it will be considered contempt of Court and no retaliation will be taken against it. “It's a good idea to take action against the officers,” he added.
In his speech, the Director General of Police, SB Singh, said that the officers involved in this case should understand the rules of law so that those involved in such cases cannot be punished. They didn't sell the law to the women.
They have put stickers on tourist taxis to educate passengers to avoid the spread of plastic from what they eat and the union will meet with the DTO to issue notices. vehicles will install an ordinary dumpster.
They went to Baridua to get the syrnot from the Rangbah Shnong because they have their own household and the EPIC voter is also in Baridua. He was arrested after he lodged a complaint with the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and KHADC against him.
Shillong, Nailar 27: Speaking to reporters after the defeat of the mid-term elections, Bah Kitborlang Nongrem, former leader of Martin M Danggo, said, “Martin M Danggo's desire to His MLAship for the past 20 years is in the Civil Sub Division and he has completed it.
The Director said that in East Khasi Hills, 29 persons have tested positive for COVID-19 out of which 25 persons have been in close contact with those who have tested positive for COVID-1 ,Sawphorlong, Jhalupara, GS Road, Lower Mawprem, Mawbah, Bara Pathar, Laimer, Nong kseh Madan, Malki, Bisnapur, Oakland, Lummawri.
Officers of the Department of Horticulture and Agriculture informed that soon there will be many preparations for this method of farming for the farmer groups.
Tbn.F.J Myrom.
Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Bah Sylvester Nongtnger, said that the police have received a tip on the incident and have conducted a thorough investigation. The Meghalaya High Court has not appealed.
: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma and his Deputy Chief Minister, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar on Friday attended the 8th Annual General Meeting of the Central Executive Committee of the All Jaintia Muster Roll Workers and Labor Union. (CEC) in collaboration with the Union of Cooks cum Helpers PM Poshan, Jowai held at Madan Kawang, Ummulong.
The residents of Sonapyrdi, Huroi Umkiang have lodged many complaints with the SP of the District DC, but they have not done anything.
Police suspect that Rajesh M Marak is a member of AHAM. Police are conducting investigation to find out the facts of the allegations. you are a member of this organization.
“If this election is won through clean politics, it is good.
“The NH 44 especially from Khliehriat to Kongong as it is now has many crematoria and it has become like a fish pond during the rainy season.
There must be a valid reason.
Nongpoh, June 15: The Village Council of Mawtari Thaiang, Ri-Bhoi District, has elected its new Rangbah Shnong. and it was confirmed on the same day.
The KSU urges the people of Bri U Hynniewtrep not to be misled and deceived by any person or group and even the Sengbhalang who pretend to love the Jaidbynriew only from the outside but from the inside they are only brokers of the authorities. government, civil society and authorities.
Shillong, Nailar 13: The Meghalaya Treasury Account Service Association (MTASA) and the Meghalaya Treasury Account Service Association (MTASA) have submitted their complaints to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya. Dr Mukul Sangma on behalf of the Chief Minister Relief Foundation.
Along with these seven Medical Institutions from the North East, staff from 44 Medical Colleges were trained simultaneously through Video Conferencing.
However, the surprising thing is that until now many of the students are in short supply, and this affects the students who go to study at the college and the teachers who teach at the college. The college has been accredited by NAAC till date, despite the lack of facilities such as building for graduation students according to the rules of UGC and NEHU. Since the college failed to comply with the requirements of NEHU, the college has been refused to start the master degree in the subject education and this is one of the issues that has affected the students of the area. Jaintia Hills for different courses.
If we lose our language, how can we be a nation, if we lose our Kur, how can we be a nation and if we lose our land, how can we be our owners? country.
Furthermore, all states are actively participating in this scheme to benefit street vendors.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HANM) today submitted a petition to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma demanding the rectification of the border between Meghalaya and Assam.
The union on this day has been able to close down 8 shops in Khyrdep which do not have Trading License and we have also found that 2 shops are owned by shopkeepers who do not even have documents to prove themselves. They claimed to be from Bihar and West Bengal.
Bah Phemos Kharumnuid, one of the victims, said that on the 20th of July, 2013, a group of people came to threaten him at his house. There are also those who have been bombed and tied, including Bah Ronik Kharumnuid of Kyrdeng who was stabbed with a siej until his neck was broken, Bah Thnowell Lawai of Wah Swad who was bombed and tied. in 2001 and Mr. Shahniah Pyngrope, from Kyrdeng.
However, in the absence of what was written, it has caused many problems in which many have expressed their opposition.
After the rituals, the Shillong Police searched for him to arrest him but could not find him inside the church.
When asked how many more leaders will join the NPP, the Prime Minister said it is not yet the time for us to join.
Shillong, Naitung 15: Unidentified persons have thrown stones at a truck carrying Mawshun to Bangladesh at Beltoli Lum Sohriew on Saturday night. at unknown villains.
At the same time, Babu Khongjirem said that the government's salary increase for deficit teachers according to their qualifications is not smooth and the advance increment for deficit teachers is confusing.
The competition here is very interesting and full of joy and happiness by meeting together as the children of the land of Hyniewtrep with one mind . Woh Sajar Nangli Fishing Competition 2013 was won by Promi Ryngkhlem, the troops of Woh Sajar Nangli who won the first prize in the 8th Sajar Nangli Fishing Competition From Demthring West Jaintia Hills, the Daloi of Nongbah District won the prize of ` 7,00,000/- while the second prize went to Bah K.Jana who received ` 2,00,000/- tyngka. Emlang Lyngdoh received ` 1,00,000/- for the second prize, Bareh received ` 50,000/- and Balen Tongper received ` 30,000/- The sixth prize went to Bah M Lyngkhoi for ` 20,000/- and 30 prize winners received ` 5000/- each.
The deceased was identified as Ritngen Marbaniang, 38, of Mawlasnai, Ri Bhoi District. She was taken to Ganesh Dad Hospital Shillong for treatment on 5/4/2 4/2021.
:(SP News).
“What is sad is that the answer we get now is that I cannot help you, but blame the previous governments, blame others, in fact the mistake should be corrected. to others who have passed away,” said Bah Bibor.
The decision to shut down the poultry company was taken on the grounds that the company has violated the environmental regulations.
The people have been angry and have been fighting from one Government to another. We don't see these signs of hope especially the youth and maybe it's because they understand that it's only Prah ( VPP) that can bring about change in our state and that makes them express this joy and hope.
The professor was also a member of the NAAC, the Dean of the School of Education and a member of the Executive Council of NEHU. The professor has been unfoundedly accused by Prof. SK Srivastava of not complying with the order of the Visitor of NEHU who is the President of India.
This explanation is in accordance with the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act 2016 regarding the travel of people by vehicle, whether in buses or taxis and the conductors of the buses.
The problems in the border areas can be addressed by understanding that border villages are places where citizens of one State and another move, trade and interact with each other.
Jowai, March 24: The JYF&JSU (JYSU) has said that they cannot accept the government's plan to implement a law to confuse the landlords and residents of the Meghalaya Regulation of “We cannot accept the claim of the Prime Minister that by implementing the Tenancy Act, we can protect foreigners, but it is only a statement of the Minister. “He knows that only the ILP is the best,” said the leaders.
Prime Minister Narendra Modiun encouraged the players through a video message.
Dkhar said the UDP has tried to bring all the parties together to fight against the Congress in the upcoming elections.
One person died, four seriously injured were taken to Shillong while others were sent to Nongstoin Hospital for treatment.
The mother sustained 30 to 35 percent injuries to her body and is undergoing treatment at a hospital in Shillong.
Superintendent of Police BD Marak said that they have given tiewkulab to those who violated the rules of driving today to remember what they have violated and to remind them to follow the rules. to the law.
In Meghalaya, the parties in the NEDA are the NPP and UDP. Shibun said that the party has nothing to do with the political party and is only for development works in the country. this area.
In the past two days, BSF troops have seized 69 cows from South Garo Hills District alone.
These disruptors of peace and stability are working hard to disrupt income growth.
Speaking to media, Dr. Ampareen said that from the 3rd to the 12th of this month, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, after testing 25 patients who tested positive for the disease, There are 6 positive cases.
In these days, the BSF troops have seized several vehicles and after seizing the vehicles passing through the roads, these smugglers have used the rivers to commit these illegal activities.
He said airports and railway lines have been established in states that have never seen railways before and waterways have been improved.
ASAK Deputy Commander Chue Dilsrang said the GNLA's allegation against Reding T Sangma is groundless.
Shillong, Nailur 29: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today visited the Iewduh for the first time as the Chief Minister of Meghalaya. It is up to the Hima Myllim to provide cooperation.
The Seng through the Sengkmie also expresses the need for the Anti-Infiltration Force to deploy personnel of the Department in Shella village and in the area to find and arrest such people.
The hospital has not yet been started due to the fact that the government has not been able to complete the TB Hospital at Umsawli which is ongoing.
Shillong, November 10: Congress Legislative Party Leader Dr. Amapreen Lyngdoh today lodged a complaint against two MLAs of the party who have defected from the party, against Bah Charles Pyngrope. and Bah Shitlang Pale to the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly.
Leaders of the HYC, HANM and others have joined in the protest to demand the ILP. The protest lasted for about two hours. and he went out of the place.
In this tournament, any Sports Club or Team who wishes to participate must pay an entry fee of Rs.1,000/- per team and the Total Cash Prize is Rs.23,000/-.
The seven-member delegation was led by Sheikh Abdul Ahad, Director General of Land Records and Survey of Bangladesh, and was accompanied by five other officials of the Bangladesh government. to meet with officials of the Government of Meghalaya.
The current value of the bond is only T.25 lakh.
Shillong, July 18: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has said in a statement that it was its members who planted an IED bomb at the Coke Factory in Bther. East Jaintia Hills District.
Last year, the festival had to be canceled due to an incident in Mukroh village where six people were shot dead, five of them from Meghalaya and one Forest Guard. Assam.
Their demand is that the central government should implement the law to provide food for all the citizens of the country, and should completely stop the allowance of bar companies. countries to invest in state-owned enterprises.
In his speech, KHNAM candidate Process T Sawkmie, who is also a former MLA of Mawlai, said that the time has come to strengthen the District Council. The ILP is not used to protect against foreign infiltration.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: Unidentified persons today set fire to a government vehicle parked inside the ground floor of the Forest Quest House in Forest Coloney.
This strike will not include those in urgent need especially those who are in urgent need such as journalists, nurses, hospital visitors, marriages, churches and so on.
On the other hand, Samla Rangbah Bah Kitboklang Nongphlang said that we are very sorry that our Jaidbynriew is lagging behind so much especially we don't have a proper border in many aspects especially the border. despite the admission of Meghalaya since 1972 without borders.
This decision was taken at a meeting chaired by the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Ainam Manik Syiem and leaders of the Hynniewtrep Iewduh Association (HIA).
“I cannot comment on his (Mukul's) decision and that is up to him (whether he joins or not).
“The NEHU Anti-Ragging Committee will ensure the safety of the students and will continue to work hard on this incident.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: The Congress party today held a protest against the exchange of money by the BJP government in
Members of the union who were angry to see that the State Government has neglected the East Jaintia Hills District even after getting the district for 12 years but the Government has not taken action to provide that bag treatment.
Shillong, November 24: The Khasi Students Union Ummulong Unit has installed about 70 dusbins in many parts of Ummulong village in the presence of the village officials.
On the other hand, the leaders of the farmers' union said that the money was sent by Dhiren Nath who is allegedly the Branch Manager of the bank to silence them regarding these issues. illegal activities committed in the Bank.
The Cabinet has also decided that the employees appointed before 31st November 2007 will not be employed temporarily but in the sangtion posts will be recognized as full time employees in accordance with the decision of the Supreme Court. 3635 as full time government employees, the Cabinet has approved that a pension will be granted and for those who have died and retired they will receive a pension.
On the other hand, the Chief Guest also thanked Bah Khrawborlang Wahlang, Community Development Facilitator of Word Vision India who has served Mawkynrew Block for more than 8 years. This Riew Rangbah has passed away to the society as the people of the village we should never forget.
Khliehriat, July 2 : The Executive Engineer of PWD Khliehriat Office, Bah M.Kharnaior in the presence of the Waheh Shnong of Sutnga, Bah Eban Sutnga and the Assistant Waheh Shnong of Jalaphet, Bah Moin, on Tuesday. In April, 2023, they inspected the road which has been damaged and threatened the traffic.
Bah Titosstarwell said that if the electricity cannot be supplied to the Sohra area, it will not affect the people of the area. to the region would be appropriate.
Also present on the occasion were Secretary in charge of Education Bah WR Lyngdoh, Director AC Marak, TG Momin, Joint Director of MBOSE Bah M Marbaniang, Principals of schools.
In this regard, the CEM promised that the EC will fight and control the expenditure.
Also present on the occasion were the MDC of the area, Bah Batskhem Ryntathiang, the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem PM Syiemlieh, Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah W. Nongsiej. , Superintendent of Police, Bah MB Syiem, officers of various government departments, village leaders, students and residents of Nongthyllep.
The fish farm is operated by Seng Trea Multipurpose Cooperative Society Ltd.
PrasarBharti CEO Gaurav Dwivedi said PrasarBharti will talk to the media and share videos, photographs and articles collected by its platform.
In the petition, the union said that the ban on coal mining has affected the income of the people of the state and at present there are more than 1.5 lakh people working in this industry. they are home in this state.
Dozens of members of the SHG of Khanduli village, came out to clean up the village and especially the road and the market in Khanduli village.
Out of the seven UDP MDCs in the KHADC, Bah HS Shylla and Pretty Kharpyngrope, one of the party office bearers, were present. Shillong, Lber 02: A group of MDCs from GHADC, under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma MP from Tura, met with the Union Minister of State for Education, Arjun R Megwal.
Entry forms can be obtained from the DSO Polo Office or the Judo Hall MJA from 7th November
The relationship between the family and the country remains strong but the problem is that the line has been drawn that we can no longer cross the border.
The Sports Cell urges the Khasi children not to lose hope even after being treated unfairly by the State Government as the Sports Cell will continue to look for ways and means to support them and also to ensure that they do not lose hope. Their rights are from the Government,” said the statement.
Home Minister Rajnath Singh said he wants to assure everyone that there is no need for any fear or anxiety.
Shillong, Nailur 17: U Minister in charge of Urban Affairs today inaugurated a public toilet at Jail Road under the Special Urban Work Program (SUWP) under the MLA scheme. The cost is T.14 lakh.
Without doubt, the lack of national unity.
It is a holistic approach for physical, mental and spiritual well-being and has attracted so many people that it has turned into a worldwide movement.
If such a disaster happens, who will be responsible for the suffering and misery of our entire region?
The union said that no qualification should be required when recruiting because many students after many years of passing their studies do not get jobs and do not get Experience Certificate.
The HNYF, SSSS, KSU and West Khasi Hills Headman for Peace and Development (WKH) have also supported the teachers.
After being brought to Shillong, Sinha was questioned and confessed that the money he took from the shop was in his house on four fourlongs. They went to search the house and found the money.
The investigation into the incident is ongoing.
The Mawiang State, one of the 25 Khasi States, consists of about 24 villages, including five Garo and Hajong villages. There is also a territory in the Nolikata area, which falls under the jurisdiction of the Mawiang Hima, on the Indo-Bangladesh border.
Shillong, March 06: The Ministry of Commerce and Industry (MoCC) has found that there is a website that has been banned. gift to gift.
It is obvious that this is sufficient and the location is not far from Shillong, it will be convenient for the people and they will have to build new roads and they are confident that the new Secretariat will be moved. to Mauritius.
Shillong, Lber 08: The CBC has organized a three-day photo exhibition and outreach activity to mark the Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsava at NIT Meghalaya, Shillong. Shillong.
Mawngap PS has registered a case under Section 5(l)(m)(n)/6 of the POCSO Act. Policewoman Larisha Kharjana.
We will see, if the government continues like this, we will not sleep without putting put on the NH 44 from now on,” said Bah C Rymbai, President, SRS-EJH. For the benefit of the people traveling through NH 44, not only the Jaintia people but also those from other states of India, we have to call this curfew because we have seen that the government It has not believed in the welfare of the passengers passing through this road even after we have called for a night curfew in the past few months.
At the same time, the party congratulates all the supporters of the party in this mid-term MDC election.
For the poor AAY rice, it will be 35 kilos per card and the price will be 3 tyngka per kilo. This will be the same for urban and rural areas.
“Therefore, I would like to draw your attention to these hate speeches, to urge you to take strict action, and that the violator should be punished under the provisions of 153A, 153B and 505 of the Rakkam A Sangma, Minister of State for Education, Border Areas Development Department and General Administration Department, said the VPP. , on Tuesday denied that he had made any insulting remarks during the election campaign in Garo Hills.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has denied the allegation of corruption in the implementation of the T.13 crore Eco-tourism Project. The news has come out, their findings and figures are completely wrong and the news is completely misleading.
The Chief Engineer PWD of the Government of Meghalaya together with officers of the PWD Department today inspected the construction of the Jowai By Pass which has been separated at Thadlaskeiñ from the NH 44 to avoid traffic through Jowai. The by pass road will be constructed from Thadlaskeiñun to Somer Mihmyntdu Jowai which is 7.997 km long.
At this meeting, many of the speakers expressed the harmful effects of having Aadhar and at the same time urged the government not to force people to take Aadhaar but it is up to the individual whether they want to have Aadhaar or not.
The Prime Minister has led meetings on COVID-19 about once a month in the past nine months, and many of them have been without the participation of the people.
He said that the allocation for Meghalaya has now increased to T.174.92 crore in 2020-21, and with the remaining T.17.46 crore, Meghalaya has decided to receive T. .192.38 crore.
Independent In Charge and 36 Children's Ministers.
Shillong, March 01: The Union Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kiren Rjiju, took part in the puja at Nartiang Village in West Jaintia Hills District. He was accompanied by Shillong MP Vincent H Pala and MLA Sniawbhalang Dhar. The visit was to pay tribute to Maa Jayantee. Shakti Peethas and to ask for blessings on this occasion of Vijaya Dashami and Dusshera.
On the other hand, the CEM said that he has requested the AICC to look into the policies of the government.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: The Election Commission of India (ECI) today sent a letter to the Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya to hold a meeting at its headquarters in Delhi on the 9th. this month in preparation for the election to the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya.
US President Joe Biden has made China the focus of his foreign policy, careful to prevent the competition from becoming a cause of conflict. ad, including relations with independent Taiwan.
There have been 228 recoveries, 109 from East Khasi Hills and 46 from Ri Bhoi, bringing the total number of recoveries to 74,2
Regarding the letter, the Indian Ambassador to the United States, Vincent H Pala, said that the Consulate General will meet him in San Francisco to discuss the issue of expediting the receipt of the letter. Rev Dominic's body was taken to Shillong.
The Church requests the public to join hands in this regard.
“From time to time, we have seen that the State Government has challenged the independent functioning of the Councils and it is time to legally enforce the independence of the Khadar administration,” he added. he announced.
Secretary of PWD Department, Bah PR Marwein.
Regarding the PHC in Ryngku, the Mawsynram MLA urged the Minister of Health and Family Welfare to build a fence around the PHC. “The residence of the doctor has been destroyed,” said Himalaya Shangpliang MLA Mawsynram.
In her speech, she stressed that women should know the laws regarding their rights.
Speaking at the ceremony, Bah Martamlin said that being a Rangbah Shnong is not an easy job, it is easy to look after, but it is difficult to take responsibility to deal with the people. crane hap to adkar.
According to police, the man suspected that his wife had a relationship with another man and this led to a fight between them which led to the man's death. kill yourself.
Sending a message of condolences, the President of FKJGP, Bah Dundee C.Khongsit, said that the FKJGP expresses its deep sorrow over the sudden passing away of the former leader of the FKJGP who was born in
They visited Kong Swerlis Syngkliha at her house and found her wearing a checked eri silk (ryndia) stole in her traditional clothes.
On the other hand, the Village Headman of Assam said that as the Goanbura of the Village, he has not given permission to anyone to do this farming within the boundary of the Hima Nongkhlaw. , those who did this did it of their own free will without the knowledge of him as the village chief.
Superintendent of Police Jagpal Singh Dhanoa said that after the arrest of Bah Phurly Suting, the Ribhoi District Court has authorized him to remand in jail for three days. of the Police for conducting a thorough investigation.
Pakma Program Manager VHAM, Jowai, Deputy Commissioner West Jaintia Hills District, PS Dkhar in the presence of Dr B. Plain, MPS Deputy Superintendent, PS Dkhar. of Police Jowai and others.
The protest was against the misrule of the BJP, saying that unemployment among the youth is higher now than in the past 45 years.
26-Shella Playness Khiewtam, 27-Pynursla Edmund Khongngai, 28-Sohra bah Harold F Khongsit, 29-Mawkynrew bah Dondor Marbaniang, 32-Nongstoin bah Macmillan Kharbani, 33-Rambrai-Jyrngam-Drut Grut Grutmin S 3, Fernandez , 35- Ranikor Savio P Dkhar, 36-Mawkyrwat  Sounder S Cajee, 37-Kharkutta  and Cherak W Momin, 38-Mendipathar  and Pardnand D Shira, 39-Resubelpara  and Rinaldo K Sangma, 40- Bajengrak1 R- Mardoba, Tengdo Dr Mukul M Sangma, 42-Rongjeng Sengman M Marak, 43-Williamnagar and Alphonesush R Marak, 44-Raksamgre Dr Prabir D Sangma, 45-Tikrikilla Dr. Mukul M Sangma.
CBI officials who came from Delhi and neither the Chief Superintendent of Police nor his Muktiar Biswajit Deb, who came with them, said anything to reporters. However, the presence of the police chief in Shillong has shown that he is working with the CBI officials. The CBI has not been able to investigate the allegation in Kolkata due to the opposition of the Chief Minister of West Bengal.
Under the leadership of Turti, a friend of Sahadev Basumatary, who was accused of involvement in the robbery, was arrested from Tikrikilla, Assam. Sunil Boro of Upper Burgum, Assam while Kaltu Rabha escaped.
The Archbishop urged them not to be afraid even if a strong earthquake comes to destroy the churches but the flesh of the people is the temple.
MDC of this constituency Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh was also present as EM of the Council.
The SP of East Khasi Hills, while speaking to SP News Agency, confirmed that Bah Khongwir surrendered to the police on Tuesday. in connection with this incident.
The test helps to detect the disease early, it also helps to detect HIV antibodies and antigen, which can appear 15-25 days after infection.
The topic of the meeting was on terrorism in the world, India has set a milestone in the fight against tax evaders, India has discussed the changes in the country's economy. India is a place to develop athletes, this is the time for Indian athletes to make a name for themselves.
Perhaps this person wants to test the waters of the voice of the youth and members of the community and then tries to say what she has already written.
The book – which was launched last year during the Shillong Literary Festival 2023 – was launched at Mawmluh, a place which served as a source of inspiration for the story of the book, on April 5th 2024.
Shillong, Nailar, 05: The lack of doctors at Mawlasnai PHC has caused problems to the residents of Mawlasnai area who used to rely on this health center when they face illnesses.
Speaking to reporters, u Bah Baitlang said, “As an independent candidate, I have the intention that if I reach the goal of victory, I will serve the people from the heart to avoid corruption. “Especially in JHADC, there are many corruption cases,” he said.
According to the rules laid down by the MSERC, if the light bill exceeds the stipulated day, there will be a fine of 1% of the light bill for every 30 days. day.
Shillong, Naitung 26: A tragic incident has occurred in connection with the robbery of the residence of Kong Natalia Jyrwa at Mawlai Mawiong Rim opposite Mawphor Printing Press. This happened twice in the month of 19/June/2020 while they were still at work and when they returned they found this on 24/July/2020 at about 9:30 pm. When the owner of the house was returning from the place where they were staying, when they arrived in front of the house, they were about to open the door. They found that the lock in front of the house had been locked. When they tried to enter the house, the robbers fled from the back doors of the house. On this incident, the robbers managed to rob T.60,000/-. - tam and surprisingly they left behind the gold and on 24/07/2020 they stole T.15,000/- tam and the gold they put in the box they opened. rong langOn the part of Natalia Jyrwa, she also congratulated the police of Mawlai PS who arrived immediately on receiving the news to take action against this incident. Fight to be arrested immediately so that it will not happen again in other homes.
The KDA on 03rd June, 2012 submitted a petition to the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma and on 30th June, 2013, the KDA submitted a petition with the same demands. The Minister in charge of Social Welfare, Deborah C Marakia, said that the workshop was held on 29-11-2013 at the Don Bosco Youth Centre. The Social Welfare Department has said that this workshop has been a waste of government money and time without any benefit for us who have no members for almost three years now. demands of the union are already in the Act all.
Resubelpara, Lber 03: Police on duty at Sepikol today found 13 Assam trucks passing by and when they seized these trucks they found that all of them were carrying coal.
New Delhi Jymmang 04: The Consultative Committee of the DoNER Department held in Delhi with the participation of MPs from the North Eastern Region of India discussed many development issues. The main topic of discussion was the construction of roads and airports in the area.
Shillong, November 31: The State Commission for the Protection of Child Rights (SPC) today responded to an FIR filed by the Laitumkhrah Police Station against a child who was raped. SCPRC) and in this complaint it is against Bah Julius Dorphang.
This is the best time for the JHADC, and we hope that this Committee will do its job so that the work will not be slow but will move quickly so that the country and the people will develop. In the coming days, concluded a statement from Chebha Passah.
The meeting was led by MEPA General Secretary Bah Philip Marwein in the presence of the President and members of the MEPA. and the Minister of Information and Broadcasting, Bah AL Hek.
Shillong, July 13: The Superintendent of Police (SSP) East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, today said that due to the heavy traffic jam in Shillong, the police have arranged to improve the road from Mawlai Nongpdeng to Jingthangbriew. The road will become a one-way road from the 15th of this month.
Diabetes affects the heart and other types of diseases that affect the blood vessels.
The MLA election campaign for the 12th Legislative Assembly of Manipur for the year 2022 has started for the candidate Sheikh Noorul Hassan of Kshetrigao Constituency.
“I have decided to allow the KHADC to function according to its authority, not to interfere in its affairs.
The insurance scheme for those who are fighting against Covid-19 has been continued for another six months.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today inaugurated the Meghalaya Aroma Mission 2019 at Byrwa village in Ri Bhoi District. the first is from Lemon Grass.
How many years will the ILP resolution be read and considered? MDA Government, where is the MRSSA? The Khasi language is a fundamental right in the fifth schedule of the Constitution of India.
The union also expressed its surprise at the raid by the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) on Thursday in Umsawli.
The bodies of the two policemen who died in the incident were taken to Tura Civil Hospital for post mortem. It is understood that tomorrow morning they will take him to Shillong to deliver to his family.
Replying to a supplementary question, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the permit is issued by the Ministry of Agriculture and out of these 103, 16 belong to the government and most of them belong to the government. private individuals.
“We suspect that this increase in the number of Khasi shopkeepers is due to the support of foreigners for their own benefit,” said Bah Latiplang.
The Seng does not accept the construction of the Karbi House in Laban, because we don't accept to be a nation that is hostile and to neglect the needs of other ethnic groups because we are a nation that knows Briew Tip Blei but at the same time We don't take the time to remain silent if our fellow citizens are being persecuted by the Karbi people.
He said that the party is not preparing for the MDC election 2024, but the important thing is that the people should remember what we have done in the past four years as MDCs of the party especially. When asked whether the UDP has been the party , Titostarwell Chyne said that the EC has been elected by the UDP and Titostarwell Chyne as CEM. He said that among the regional parties in Meghalaya, the UDP is the largest party with 12 MLAs and 17 MDCs in Jaintia Hills.
He called upon all to work together to develop and strengthen the state.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has not yet announced whether to link Aadhaar with the ration card, but it has been suggested that it would be better to link Aadhaar with the ration card. POS machines in ration shops.
Therefore, the KSU urges everyone to oppose the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill 2016 which aims to discriminate against the minorities in the North East.
In these village and municipal authorities, 1/3 of the land will be allocated for women in the Sixth Schedule areas in Assam, Mizoram and Tripura.
This was announced by the Union Minister in charge of North Eastern Region Development, G. Kishan Reddy in a reply to the Rajya Sabha today.
Opening the three-day festival at Babadam on the outskirts of Tura, the Chief Minister said that the festival is part of the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of Meghalaya and its Independence. India is 75 years old.
The Chief Minister congratulated the winners and those who took part and those who brought glory to the state by receiving kisar medals and other medals to the state. and the athletes said that to bring victory is not to prepare overnight but to work hard for many years to achieve victory.
The boundaries mentioned above are Pamra Paithlu and Mookhep villages to the east, Wapungskur to the west and Wapungskur to the east. Wapungskur and to the east of the border with Mookhep village.
Kharsati's remarks came on the allegation by the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma against the BJP government that it has not accepted to extend the term of office of the retired DGP.
In the FIR lodged today against the SP of East Khasi Hills District, Bah Hel said, “I have come to inform you that there has been a robbery by unknown persons. I distribute T.5000/- tyngka to each person, not only to the people inside my constituency but also outside the constituency as well.” “Hundreds of people every day come to my house from all over the country and also inside the office from morning till night. among many people".
Eight schools from East Khasi Hills District have taken part in the competition.
Regarding those employees who wish to retire prematurely, the Chairman of MCCEU has directed the MCCEU leaders to inform the employees of MCCL that if anyone wishes to send their names to the office of MCCL to know how to take the roads.
Neelarn Gupta, IAS will look after these Assembly constituencies: 20-Mvlliem (ST), 23-Sohiong (ST), 24-Mawphlang, 25-Mawsymam (ST), 26-Shella (ST), -Pynursla (ST) and 28-Sohra (ST).
It will allow them to observe and participate in programs for the welfare of the community and see how much change is being made.
Bah Tynsong expressed his gratitude to Kambell Shullai (who is the first to discover this technique known as Khnap (Thangbru).
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Bah PS Dkhar, today lodged a complaint with the DC. The DC promised to take action on the complaint. In a meeting with the DC , he said that the district authorities will send officers tomorrow morning to investigate the construction of the bread shop newt.
Girl’s Junior – 1Marqueenless Ramsiej, 2.
Referring to the experience of countries that have succeeded in containing the spread of COVID-19 unlike some others where thousands of people have died, experts have suggested that The best precautions to be taken are social distancing to prevent the spread of the disease.
The Chief Inspector of Boilers and Factories has visited the factory to inspect the health of the workers and at the same time to inspect the safety measures provided to the workers. .
Prime Minister Duh said the athletes have strengthened their commitment to 'Ek Bharat Shreshta Bharat' by winning awards for the country and also by opening the way for the country to celebrate and be proud.
The bill stipulates the right of those with this disease to live in society, to continue their education, to have their own rights. banks, they will manage their assets and most importantly they will receive the same treatment as others.
The DBF also plans to expand this program in various parts of the North East.
Shillong, Lber 30: Police from Nongmynsong Police Out Post have arrested Deep Biswas on charges of raping a 6-year-old girl at Lumshyiap on the 28th of this month.
The experiences, best practices and adoption in the States were shared by the eight participating States (Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Manipur, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Nagaland, Sikkim and Tripura, States). They reported on the progress of the work in terms of preparation of platforms, development of applications and decision-making processes.
Along with the Mylliem Hima, the King of the Hima, Pa'im Ricky Nelson Syiem, was also present.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: There are 11 new cases of COVID-19 in the state today, 8 cases from East Khasi Hills District and 2 cases from West Garo Hills. , 263 cases have been reported.
All shops especially inside Kher Sohlap and offices or banks in Sohlap will be closed on this day.
Meralborn Syiem, one of the members of the HCWE, said that the main cause of the incident was the illegal trade in coal. was prepared.
It was through him that the article “We are Back” was published.
Expressing his regret over the closure of the factory, Committee Member Bah Gabriel Wahlang expressed the hope that the Government will be able to prepare a donation for the benefit of the employees of MCCL. : Four persons are suspected to have committed suicide after being buried alive in an earthquake in Nongpriang village, Sohra Civil Sub-Division, East Khasi Hills District.
According to Section (2)(b) of the RP Act 1951, the Election Commission has issued a notice that from 7.00 pm to 5.30 pm, no news shall be published. The bye-elections for the two constituencies in Meghalaya have been banned.
The youths who applied for this job will come out to express their opposition because since
in a government statement.
Mother does the ethical and social growing of her children at a young age.
The leaders of the group have posted a notice on the wall of the office of the Assam Sanatan Dharma Sabha (ASDS) to protest against the allegation that the group has demanded that the school authorities should remove the school authorities. Sacred Heart Secondary School, Marmaiñ, Ribhoi District.
On the other hand, he said that he wants to contest the MLA election 2018 from Mawkynrew and he will start his election campaign to bring about change on the 9th of this month from Tynrang.
The Cabinet also approved the decision to amend the Meghalaya Private Security Rules like the Central Government. The Cabinet meeting also approved the Service Rule of the Dairy Department and amended the Meghalaya e-stamps duty 2020.
Call attention- Werbor Pynshai The power given to the Members of the Legislative Assembly to call for clarification in the Legislative Assembly on public issues that are urgent in the society.
Finally, the KSU South West Khasi Hills is pleased to say that the AMD and the Contractor should be blamed because they are the ones who violated the powers of the Government and District Council and they are the first to be punished immediately. Forwardman Nongrem, President, KSU South West Khasi Hills District, said in a statement.
Shillong, June 02: The Superintending Engineer of the Greater Shillong Circle Water Supply Department, Shillong has informed the public that a 750 mm water pipe has collapsed at Lad Mawreng on There is no need to worry about the GSWSS until
Dr Nitin Nagarkar, AIIMS Raipur said that the hospital has received 50 oxygen concentrators and 64 jumbo oxygen cylinders and they have started using them immediately for the patients.
He said the union has demanded that the vacancy should be announced by calling an advertisement and that a recruitment examination should be conducted in accordance with the law.
It is a tribute to the steps taken by Central Government agencies and officers to implement the promise of 'SabkaSaath, SabkaVikas, SabkaVishwas, SabkaPrayas'
Now it is up to the government to stop this mass protest.
The Court said that Jagpal Singh Dhanao was informed that he has been serving in East Jaintia Hills since 2021, and therefore he should have been well aware of the situation in the district.
Speaking as the chief guest at the opening ceremony of the Ayurvedic Centre, he said that he has visited all the places where there are such centers in India and Geneva and found that this system of governance is humane. He said that Meghalaya has the potential to improve this health care.
Shillong, Nailur 24: The Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya in the Synroi Legislative Assembly has released Rs. Booking Police.
Shillong, March 2: Meghalaya today celebrated the 151st birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi by laying flowers at the statue at the ground floor of Meghalaya. secretariat.
Shillong, Nailur 21: The Election Commission of India (ECI) today announced that the mid-term elections in the 26-Shella Constituency will be held on the 21st of April.
The Union Minister said that on July 18, the fulfillment of the vision of a prosperous India with the wealth of the farmers will begin.
Shillong, Lber 05: Police on Tuesday morning at 2.30 pm received a tip that Sanidul Islam, 21, was shot dead near the YMCA. Police said that unknown persons have committed the crime.
Regarding the withdrawal of the NOC by the Hima Mylliem, the FKJGP said that the task of looking after the animals is not the responsibility of the Syiem. the tax to say that there is no illegal collection of money.
At the time of writing, the cause of the fire is still unknown. Police are investigating the incident and the damage to the shops in the house. it's more than a billion dollars.
The threat from other ethnic groups is not only from Bangladesh or Nepalis but also from other parts of India who come to earn a living, who come to trade and who come just to live. There is no need for a strong law at home like the ILP so that all foreigners can be protected regardless of their colour, religion or ethnicity, and there will be no problems. The MDA Government should demand from the Government of India to implement such a law especially as the current CM of Meghalaya at the same time is still an MP who has not been able to speak for himself even in Parliament.
At the Dorbar Shnong, the people who attended the Dorbar unanimously elected the new office bearers of the Dorbar Shnong, who will carry out the lyngkor for the sake of serving the welfare and the community. good society in the village.
The Northeast Petroleum Mazdoor Union (NEPMU) on Tuesday held a meeting at Circuit House Nongpoh following the threat of supply of petrol, diesel and gas to the state through the Northeast Petroleum Mazdoor Union (NEPMU). to discuss to ensure that there will be no shortage of fuel in the state and especially to discuss the threat of suspension of fuel supply to the state.
A copy of the notice issued by the Election Commission of India under Section 73 of the Representation of People's Act, 1951, containing the names of the MPs elected to the Legislative Assembly. India through the last elections.
The government has deployed all security forces to ensure that the election to be held on the 23rd of this month will be held smoothly without any disruption.
Police have recovered two pistols, three magazines, nine unused bullets, five mobile phones and T.5000 cash from the suspects. .
To convene a meeting with all the civil society organizations in the first month of May to discuss the new amendment to the Sixth Schedule.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: Answering a question by Bah Process T Sawkmie, the Minister in charge of Electricity in the state, u Bah Process T Sawkmie, said that the bailight during these times of dam blockage is for seven days. months in total because I couldn't go to the census.
Because as a visitor of this university he found that this university has violated many rules and regulations.
This incident is to open the minds of the government and to ensure that all public water supply points should be separate and guarded to avoid injuries.
According to the rules of the Ministry of Forests, this kohke falls under the fourth rule that this animal is endangered and people are prohibited from trading in these animals. Those arrested shall be fined T.10,000 and imprisoned for three years.
There are 26 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 25 from West Khasi Hills and 1 from West Khasi Hills.
Besides, the union has urged the District Council to look into the land in West Khasi Hills as it has been found that many of the land has fallen under the jurisdiction. of others especially in border areas.
Shillong, Lber 27: The National People's Party (NPP) has 11 MDCs in the KHADC Assembly. Macdalyn S Mawlong, Lamphrang Blah, Mitchell Wankhar, Fantin Jospeh Lakadong.
Shillong, Nailur 23: Vincent H Pala MP from Meghalaya, two MPs from Assam, one MP from Tripura, one MP from Mizoram and four MPs from the North East today. India has signed a letter to the Union Road Construction Minister Nitin Gadkari to improve the National Highway-6
In his career as a public leader, Dr Donkupar has held three high positions in politics, as the Chief Minister of Meghalaya in 2008, as the Leader of the He was the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly from 2013 to 2018 until his death.
In the Khasi thought, the earth, which is called Meiramew, is the source from which all the creatures are born, and then the shylluit, the seilung, the speh, are the man.
In a statement, the BJP Meghalaya State Unit demanded that the government should set up Fast Track Courts to expedite the trial of such cases of rape. female.
Also present at the meeting were Agens Kharshiing, KSU leaders and Rangbah Shnongs of the area.
ED for the year 20013-2014 where NIOS has published many errors in the results.
“We have not yet taken any decision on whether to take over or not, for now we are only talking about going to the villages where there is a dispute and listening to the voice of the people to end the dispute from both sides. state,” said Bah Dhar in an interview with the media.
Hundreds of people from the area came to listen to the public explanation and most of them were land owners.
Inside the G.S.Circle: King, Rajabala, Nongkhlaw Village and Nongspung Village.
The aircraft was piloted by Group Captain Naveen Kumar, Commanding Officer of 106 Squadron.
On the other hand, the former CEM of KHADC, Bah Manstudy Nngrem, has suggested that these shortcomings should be submitted to the Legislative Assembly for resolution. Bah PN Syiem sought the approval of the House to pass the Delimitation Bill 2013 which was passed by voice vote.
Shillong, Nailur 15: Six new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Shillong today, two from East Khasi Hills, one from Ri Bhoi, one from South West Garo Hills and one from West Garo Hills. West Khasi Hills 1.
People can participate in various cleanliness activities like restoration of old buildings, cleaning of water bodies, ghats, cleaning of walls, conducting nukkadnataks, construction competitions rangoli.
Shillong, Iaiong, 04: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) today once again celebrated the “Ka Sngi Kyrsiew Ri” and the theme of the KSU this year in celebrating this special day is to protest against uranium mining in this country of Hynniewtrep.
The Minister of Power said that the amount received from REC Ltd is T.672.86 crore and from PFC Ltd is T.672.86 crore, a total of T.1345.72 crore. MeECL and MePDCL. The loan received by MeECL and MePDCL from REC Ltd is T.193.43 crore and from PFC Ltd is T.193.43 crore and the total amount is T.38.86 crore. The interest rate is T.9.50% and the interest payable to these two companies is T.3.06 crore per month.
Jowai, Nailur 01: Four members of a household were killed in an earthquake at 2:00 AM on the 31st of this month. Members of KSU Barak Valley Circle Assam, villagers and police found only the bodies of Kong Umila Lamurong, 45, husband of Dipherson Langwar, and her daughter. Warles Lamurong, husband of Thious Shadap, who was seriously injured.
After many hours of discussion, the Dorbar ki Khlieh Nongsynshar of Ri Hynniewtrep has taken the following decisions, to demand and urge the KHADC authorities not to propose or create new authorities like Villages. Development Boards or Village Development Councils under the new amendment to the Sixth Schedule and that the KHADC authorities should not create new such boards or councils under the draft Village Administration Bill 2013 as they will become harmful. the Village, Raid and Hima Rituals.
On the other hand, the Deputy Chief Minister said that the government has set up the ANTF in 1989 and in the districts in 2009, it has also installed Narcotic Sniffer Dogs in Shillong, Jowai and Village.
“Out of T.14.39 crore, up to T.1361.45 lakh has been paid to the contractors who have completed the work and there are still works that remain to be completed immediately,” he said.
There are 2 recoveries from Ri Bhoi District, bringing the total number of recoveries to 92226 so far.
There were 543 residents, 280 males and 263 females.
The HYC said that it is no longer possible to hide the conspiracies of the Government of India and the State Government and the intention is to mine uranium and before mining uranium they should build a highway before preparing.
Therefore, the village has spent its own resources to clean up the trees, roads and to provide lights to this place so that tourists can climb this hill and many tourists from These areas and even those from Shillong have visited this mountain even though the roads are still rough and the square on this mountain has been covered with clean trees only to be able to walk.
However, in the past, the government has said no to the demands of the people.
Shillong, Nailar 05: There are 84 new cases of COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, 32 in East Khasi Hills, 2 in North Garo Hills, 7 in Ri Bhoi and 7 in South Garo. Hills 1, South West Garo Hills 8, West Garo Hills 27, West Jaintia Hills 5 cases.
According to a complaint received by the office of the Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills, the KJNU has allegedly set up a gate at Mukhla-Thadlaskein. gate police have been collecting money for months now.
In the first half, Tanaw FC opened the scoring.
Shillong, Nailur 25: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today decided to convene a meeting of the MLAs, MDCs and civil society organizations of Wahkaji constituency to discuss the “No objection” Certificate" for the road from Wahkaji to Ranikor by the government and MLA of the area Bah Pius Marwein.
The meeting felt that all cases against violence against women should be heard within the Fast Track Courts and the hearing of cases should be expedited in giving decisions, not only in the courts. the court but also in other courts as well.
After the competition in various categories, the overall competition was held among the winners for the title of Mr.7Wasa.
The meeting was to discuss the issue of not including the village in the Pynursla Civil Sub-Division which will be opened soon on the 15th of this month.
The Minister said that there is a need to set a responsibility for MeECL in this regard and the final decision to take will be taken by the Cabinet tomorrow. The state government has decided whether to take responsibility for MeECL.
This storm and cold weather has happened in Iooksi area in the past few days.
It is learned that up to 500 or 600 trucks pass through this area every day and the tax has been collected by the office of the Syiem of Sohra Hima but they have not done anything for the development of the area. of this place where the people are facing problems.
If there are households who have already submitted their application, they do not need to submit a letter.
Shillong, Naitung 12: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today announced that 273 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District. 4110 people.
Along with the stories and puriskam told by Bah Rani Maring, he performed traditional instruments such as the duitara, maryngod, saitar and mieng.
Shillong, Naitung 10: Farmers in West Garo Hills District today harvested the first sohtrun from the farm which has just harvested the first sohtrun from the government supported farm.
This book has 308 pages and is divided into two parts, the first part has 33 chapters and the second part has 5 chapters.
Referring to the Housing Act, he said that the government will issue permission to the District Councils, the KHADC will also implement the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation 1873 known as the Inner Line Permit. to the three District Councils in this regard, therefore it is necessary for the villages to have the authority.
Speaking to reporters, Saleng said that the MTC bus overturned today which has caused the deaths of many people especially those students who are from the state. alcohol the driver alleged.
Shillong, Naitung 06: Former MLA Sengman R Marak today joined the UDP with more than 300 supporters.
New Delhi, June 03: Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma today met Union Home Minister Kiren Rijiju in New Delhi.
He said he was pleased with the work of previous Governments to provide education and health facilities in the rural areas. of Ayushman India Scheme.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The Meghalaya Joint Action Committee (MJAC) today met with the Chief Minister's Secretary Prestone Tynsong to discuss the high price of petrol and diesel.
It is on this basis that they have introduced the system of working to look after the border from the District Administration, if they can no longer at the level of the Districts, they should take it at the level of Chief Secretaries. Assam has always done anything without informing Meghalaya and for this reason this should be done at the level of the Chief Ministers of the state.
All the political parties who attended the meeting unanimously approved the implementation of the Roster including the GNC. Augustine Marak was interviewed by video conferencing.
Police have registered a case against them under the Indian Penal Code.
The introduction of new laws and regulations on these methods of working has led to shortcomings in the production of this mineral instead of increasing over time.
Idinon R. Marak, father of Father Francis N. Marak, resident of Imbloka village in South Garo Hills District, has been abducted by robbers since the 16th of this month from Gulpani. , Rongara, while you are still going to Rongara.
To conduct Tests and select those selected.
On Friday, the KSU commemorated the 29th death anniversary of Bah Bull by laying flowers at the monument erected by the KSU at Malki, Shillong.
Although he was beaten and lost on the field, he tried his best to fight and in the end he lost after being beaten by the Bihar Rangiakura.
KSU Vice President Fredrick Kharmawphlang said the curfew will start at 5 pm on the 17th and end at 5 pm on the 18th.
Meanwhile, in South Garo Hills, the BSF has arrested Khar Bangladeshis who were entering India.
According to the information of the party for the year 2013-14 in Garo Hills, 8177 households were allocated, 59 persons with disabilities were allocated, in Khasi Jaintia, 5688 households were allocated with 6 persons with disabilities. What is their share when they apply?
S.Bang, District Program Officer, ICDS Cell, East Khasi Hills District was the chief guest. Mawtap Pyllun, B.Kharbuli from the District Legal Services Authority, East Khasi Hills were also present.
KSU Narpuh Circle General Secretary Bah Kwilness Suchiang said, “KSU Narpuh Circle has urged the authorities to think twice about this.
Speaking to reporters, Zeinth alleged that Sanjay A Sangma was given permission by the GHADC to collect money from trucks on the highway and admitted that the initial collection was T .500/- tyngka but today it was alleged that T.1000/- tyngka was collected from a coal truck.
As part of the celebration of the 10th Anniversary of the Unit, the KSU Barato Unit in the presence of the Waheh Shnong of Barato, MDC of the area Ma Aibor Shadap, and other leaders of the KSU, You will be able to provide food to all those with disabilities.
The time has come for us to live, fight and rise together so that these dreams come true.
The Director of Agriculture (R&T) has received a detailed explanation from the Director of Agriculture (R&T) who has said that the list released on the 28th is only the first list. The College of Agriculture, Manipur has urged the students to send the lists of Meghalaya students.
189 years after the death of Syiem Tirot Sing Syiemlieh, the great freedom fighter of India who was also the Syiem of the Nongkhlaw Hima, he died on the 17th of November, 1835, in prison by the British Government. The Government of Meghalaya has taken the initiative to erect a monument to the Indira Gandhi Cultural Center (IGCC) in Dhaka, Bangladesh.
Police have arrested the suspect from Nongstoiñ.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Balajied Ranee said that the issuance of NOC by the former CEM has to do with uranium. If coal is banned, why do you want to mine uranium without knowing that there is no harm to health?
When the vehicle was seized, police seized 150 knives and 190 song of ksai and tikli used to smuggle dynnamait.
Shillong, November 12: Shillong Police have arrested Fuzel Ahmed Gaqzi on charges of raping a young girl at Glory Plaza in Police Bazar.
Banshai said he will write a complaint to the Chief Minister and the Chief Secretary of the state to send an inquiry into these schemes implemented by the MLA of Mawsynram Constituency. Shillong, July 24: The two-day strike by the MSSASA teachers who have completed the special training at the NIOS as sent by the NIOS The State Government has started today at the gate of the office.
In this incident, vehicles were damaged and electricity posts were knocked down by the tree.
The funeral service for the former Chief Minister will be held at 1.30 pm. The funeral service will be held by the government and after that the family members will be received. complete the rest.
The Act was amended again in 2016 and 2020 to address some of the concerns and was last amended in 2021 to introduce further reforms in these matters such as removing discrimination between producers and vendors.
Youths from different districts of the state came to take part in the programme, along with the tree planting ceremony at Don Bosco Shrine, Sohra, East Khasi Hills District, which was held on the 16th before the programme. in the Snow.
Shillong, Lber 12: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government led by the National People's Party (NPP) will elect the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly tomorrow. , under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma, today won the election in the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya.
Many roads have been damaged due to landslides across the state and many houses have been damaged due to landslides or have collapsed due to landslides.
The new building uses the unique characteristics of different parts of the country such as granite from Rajasthan, wood from Maharashtra and landscaping by Bhadhoi artists.
He said that the people should keep this book and if the NPP does anything the people can ask questions to the government as outlined in the mission document.
Reuben Najiar, Leader of KSU Laban Circle and former member of KSU NEHU Unit, James Hitler Mawphniang, Leader of KSU NEHU Unit and former President of KSU NEHU Unit. Pynkmenlang Sanmiet, Leader of KSU Shella Unit and President of KSU NEHU Unit.
On the other hand, Ms Anborlin said that she will do her best to win this competition for the sake of glory for the state.
This special job shall not apply to those who have been sent, who have worked temporarily within 45 days, who have been promoted and in paid jobs.
Everyone has been directed to follow this directive, said the DC of WJH District, BS Sohliya.
These Pukni are known as Himalayan vultures (Gyps himalayensis) and have been protected by the Forest Department.
The Chief Minister said he would report to the BJP leadership in Delhi on the resignation of the State President of the Meghalaya unit.
Even among the 90 million people employed in recognized jobs in India, there are less than 20 million in jobs with 30 or more employers.
There will also be a reception from 5:30 to 7:00 pm.
The relatives of the two youths alleged that Rosy Sangma died due to torture at the hospital.
Shillong, Nailar 01: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District today announced the implementation of the UJALA scheme in the district.
He said that the union has followed the procedures to talk to the relevant authorities in this regard, but if the government and MeECL cannot appoint the youth who have passed the examination, The party did not hesitate to go and knock on the door of the court.
Shillong, Lber 12: The Central Executive Committee (CEC) of the HSPDP today held an emergency meeting at the MLA Hostel to discuss issues affecting the state, from the border issue to the peace and stability in the state. state.
At the same time, all schools under the jurisdiction of the Catholic Church will be closed tomorrow.
Shillong, Nailur 26: Nebi Rapthap, President of KWWADA and Aganes Kharshiing, President of CSWO, have strongly condemned the district administration for their actions. They tried to send spies to incite the youth to cause trouble in Motphran.
During the ceremony, there was a sacrifice and prayer for those who have died in memory of them by drinking the water known as “Iad Hai” which was placed in the “Iad Hai”. Danar" and drink this kyiad again in the "Jalong" with the meat this is for the worshipers while the people are given the kyiad "Nai"
The race will start at 6 pm from Polo 1st-Ground.
There was also a message from the Chief Minister that the Government shares the views and approvals and recommendations of the CoMSO regarding the introduction of the ILP in the MRSSA. CoMSO has requested a written statement on this, but as the Chief Minister is not in the state, he will not be able to do so but promised to meet with the CoMSO leaders after his return.
In the meeting of the youths who came from all over the villages of Mawsynram Constituency.
He said the VPP has received many applications and some of them have met personally with the party President Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit to express their desire to contest the MP election on the ticket of VPP. He said that two of the applicants include Dr. Bahunlang L. Tron, Assistant Professor, PGT College, Shillong and Prof. Lakhon Kma, Assistant Professor, PGT College, Shillong. NEHU, Shillong.
Bah Victor Ranee has been appointed to the revenue department and the health department.
The training was part of the two-day training for government officials on the Incident Response System (IRS) and the trainees are from the Incident Response Team (IRT). of East Khasi Hills District.
On the part of the government, Bah Iban Swer, who is in charge of the Social Impact Assessment, said that the civil society groups have agreed that the government has placed this site at 18 mer. the owners of the land were also willing to give the land.
According to the information received, no casualties were reported from the blast and catch fire.
During these 20 years of MDCship, Teinwell, besides holding the posts of EM in the KHADC, has also served as the Chief Executive Member of the KHADC and Chairman of the KHADC. Before entering politics, Teinwell Dkhar was a teacher at a school in Upper Primary Presbyterian Village, Saitsnat Village, West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Nailur 06: U Purning Shabong, President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Sohiong Circle, while talking to reporters after a meeting with the CEM of KHADC, Pyniaid Sing Syiem, said that this is not the case. it is no longer the first or the new.
Shillong, November 11: NPP MP Agatha K Sangma, Vincent H Pala and two other MPs from the North East today met with the Minister of Home Affairs. Amit Shah to demand that Meghalaya should be exempted from the CAB throughout the state.
Shillong, June 06: Speaking before the flag raising ceremony, the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of Meghalaya, Bah Fredric Roy Kharkongngor, on Tuesday said that this is to encourage the people of Meghalaya to The public should vote on the day of polling to elect the leader by taking part in the polling.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Hari said he was cheated by Dibag Nashier in a joint venture at Borsora in South West Khasi Hills District. car manufacturer in 2012.
Led by Smt.
Workplaces wishing to work from home going forward can send notice via email on or before the start of working from home.
The same announcement has been sent to all the State Governments of India to fix the date of the holiday on this Muslim Day and the decision has been handed over to them. The State Government has not accepted the decision.
The entire country is invited to participate in the 10-hour 'Shramdaan for Swachhata' which will be led by the people at 10 pm.
The RDA has promised to take care of the implementation of the 44% recruitment policy for Group C & D posts in Central Government offices and workplaces, 100 per cent recruitment for indigenous people. Reservation Policy in private companies, knowledge of Khasi and Garo languages ​​as one of the requirements for applicants that of the Central Government.
In his speech, Saleng said that he is pleased to work with the President of the MPCC and in the presence of Mathew Anthony from the AICC, on this day all the office bearers of the NCP joined the party. Congress today.
He committed the robbery in November 2015 and now the 13-year-old girl is now poor.
The task is heavy and the task requires all the Dorbar Shnongs in this Ri Hynniewtrep to take action to read carefully the laws and regulations prepared by the KHADC authorities, and undoubtedly the Jaintia authorities. The meeting expressed its strong opposition to the proposal to remove the forms of the Village Development Council (VDC) from the Bill. They urged Bah John F Kharshiing to fight as hard as he can to convince the District Council and Government authorities that they should not enter the VDC. Such Development Councils should be established or proposed to become two authorities within one Shnong.
III, dated 10/05/2022, these vacancies should be notified to the MPSC/DSC/Department Selection Committee for appointment in the vacancies according to the rules.
According to the total number of recoveries, 424 people have recovered from the disease, the highest number of recoveries in East Khasi Hills with 160 cases, bringing the total number of recoveries to
In the second half of the shlem-mir-nia, there was a discussion on many aspects of the Khasi language, especially on the demand for recognition in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution. India.
On this occasion, Samla Auspicious Lyngdoh who was also the Chief Guest gave advice to the youth to be hardworking in any job and to use their talents properly. Shuh-shuh added that as a young man he was concerned about the abuse of alcohol. He said that if we can teach and guide the children from an early age, we hope. He urged the PMYSA to continue to conduct such activities in others. He urged the PMYSA to continue to conduct such activities in others. in the years to come to improve the lives and sports skills of the children.
The GOC-in-C was accompanied by Lieutenant General DS Ahuja, General Officer Commanding, 101 Area.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The Consumer and Farmers Protection Cell of the KSU under the leadership of Eric Nongkynrieh Secretary today visited the markets. jhur that is in the city and in the city.
The Ministry of Tourism also welcomes the media and tour operators to the travel mart to disseminate information about the activities and tourist attractions in the North East to promote tourism in the country. region.
Shillong, Lber 19: Answering a question by Zenith M Sangma regarding the Management Committee of Garobadha Higher Secondary School, the Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, said that The Right to Education Act is only for elementary schools.
He said that this Christmas will help to bring about mutual understanding for the sake of peace and development in the state.
The Sohra Labor Union (SLU) together with the Khasi Students Union (KSU) South Khasi Hills have threatened to close down the land. There are three foreign states within the border of Sohra and Shella.
They also received a tip at the police station.
The tree planting day is scheduled to be held on the occasion of the World Friendship Day and the Meghalaya government wants to commemorate this day as a friendship with the environment.
" This comprehensive manual, spearheaded by the CNE Cell under the supervision of Chief Nursing Officer Smt.
Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills, Jagpal Singh Dhanoa in a statement sent to media on Tuesday said that police have received a tip from the intelligence agencies that he is involved in the attack. A man identified as Altaf Hussain, has received the drugs and hidden them in a warehouse at Dkhiah, East Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, July 24: U Bah Samuel B Jyrwa took oath of office to the newly elected office bearers of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) at a meeting held today. sworn in as full-time office bearers according to Article 3 of the Constitution of the party for the term 2023-2
On the other hand, the President of HFU Nongthliew Circle, Bah Khrawkupar Lawryniang, has visited two villages to confirm the units in Mawiong and Mawria.
On the allegation by some parties that it is a Garo party, without naming those parties, the president of the NPP Meghalaya State Unit said that this is a false allegation by them because The NPP is a national party with four MLAs in Rajashthan, four MLAs in Maipur, two MLAs in Meghalaya and one MP in the Lok Sabha. and the NPP will be able to hold power in Meghalaya after the 2018 elections.
He said that besides the Executive Dorbar Syiem, the Dorbar Pyllun of the Hima Hima has expressed the need for the Legislative Assembly of Mylliem Hima to appear in the Act 2007, Rule 2015 and especially as recommended by the Commission UK&JHADC. on 15th February 1957, to decide on the constitutional issues of India (IOA & AA vis-a-vis the Sixth Schedule).
Speaking on the images of the moon lander's footprints, Prime Minister Duh said, “Our Moon Lander has landed on the Moon like Angad.
The UDP central body has rejected the request of the party officials not to announce the ticket for Ranikor soon as there are two candidates who want to contest. The party has announced Bah Pious Marwein.
In the meeting conducted by Bah BS Syiem, who is also the Syiem Khynnah of Raid Mawbuh, he spoke about the views of many people from different villages in Umroi Constituency on the issue of decline in economic development and political stability.
U Bah Lapang, while visiting these families, gave his words of condolence and sympathy for the incident and special prayers for them in the presence of the Tymmen Basan and some of them. Pastors from different churches.
In this struggle of the party, the members of the party have faced many hardships and hardships like in 2009 and so on.
Shillong, March 01: There are 155 new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 90 in West Jaintia Hills and 27 in West Jaintia Hills. Khasi Hills 26 cases, 1666 cases so far.
The union through this statement strongly warns the Forest Department not to force these shopkeepers here and if it has any intention to build or do anything on this place according to the needs of the department it will have to do so. These shopkeepers should be given a place here which is also a perfect place otherwise the union will take strong measures.
In the evening, a meeting was held, where Bah HS Shylla said that he would bring a motion of no confidence in the EC of Bah PN Syiem. On the other hand, Bah Teinwell said, “I as the leader of the PP will have to inform the leaders of the PDF tonight. “The party has rejected the allegation of Bah HS Shylla that he has brought a motion of no confidence against the EC and as the party we should do something about this,” said Bah Teinwell.
The meeting decided to write to the State Government to talk to the Central Government to exempt Meghalaya from the implementation of the CAA. The CAA is working in normal Shillong, the parts of Garo Hills don't want to talk because they have invited their friends from Garo Hills to talk about this issue but they didn't come from The reasons which cannot be avoided are that they have spoken only of the Khasi Hills.
According to the decision, UCIL has been given permission to do whatever is necessary in relation to the preparation of the uranium mining.
Regarding the renewal of Trading Licenses, the Department of Trade and Industry has started today to renew the licences. come to renew your Trading License.
Referring to the Citizenship Amendment Bill, the members of the House said that in fact a meeting of all the parties, chiefs, sirdars and Rangbah Shnongs should have been convened when they saw the KSU youth. they are on the road.
This Sanitation Complex is the first in the West Khasi Hills District to be built by the students of this college.
Shillong, July 16: The Press Information Bureau, Shillong today held a media workshop and exhibition on the 9th Anniversary of Seva, Sushasan and GaribKalyan to mark the 9th Anniversary of the Government led by the Government of Meghalaya. Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Shillong.
Shillong, Iaiong 20: Shillong Police have received a tip that an elderly man was found sleeping near the CWE office on the 18th of this month. Police have taken the body to the Civil Hospital for post mortem.
The Police Control Room has sent this information to all the OCs and ICs of the District and in Meghalaya as a whole and to the states of India along with the photograph of the missing person on the same day. ," said Mr. Nongtnger.
Donbok said the party has demanded that Amit Shah should conduct an inquiry by 23rd June, 2023 to punish those involved in corruption in the state.
In order to assist in this, MaplePine Bed and Breakfast is working in collaboration with Hill Mount School, Lyngiong, Saitsohpen Youth Association, Neng Gate Youth Association, Bamaeri Resort and Umta Village, Lyngiong, Ri Bhoi, to assist as much as possible in providing documents and the needs of poor children to continue their education in
These questions will be sent to all political parties and they will respond within 20 days.
It should invite all the various groups to the table to hold talks so that peace can be restored once again in Manipur.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: 116 employees of the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) who are not teachers but who work inside the office today held a strike. three jobs.
Amit Shah laid emphasis on coordination among security agencies, search for high-risk areas and resolution of security-related concerns in these areas.
Other BSF chiefs, civilians, chiefs of government on the border with Bangladesh, as well as civilians who came to witness the exhibition were also present on the occasion.
Speaking on behalf of the unit, Bah Final Langbang, President of the Laskein Block Unit, wished Meker Shwa Wann good health and happiness. he shall continue to be with him in whatever capacity he has to serve the community and fellow human beings.
The BJP office was opened by these leaders when it was still the Bharatiya Jana Sangh and later became the Bharatiya Janata Party.
Babu Singh is a resource person at the National Children's Science Congress and is involved in the promotion of science among children.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has stated in its FAQ on its website that the Covid vaccine should not be voluntary.
In the past years, the office bearers of the Meghalaya Foot Ball Association include from Nongstoin and Jowai but it is difficult for them to come every time there is a meeting because they live so far away. for these reasons they ceased.
The NPP has supported the joint candidate nominated by the UDP in the 2019 Lok Sabha elections.
As there is no police at the top of the market, the police have been ordered to set up more police stations in the Mawlong market area as this area is a place where crimes often happen. Install more CTTV cameras in collaboration with the Hima Mylliem.
In 2019, the BSF also arrested 176 Bangladeshis who smuggled into India on the India-Bangladesh border from parts of Meghalaya.
The well-known Father Sngi is not only a Lyngdoh of the Church but also a writer in which he has written many Khasi books by translating other languages ​​into Khasi.
However, the news that the police will continue to arrest the people will only incite the people to take to the streets once again to fight with the law enforcement agencies and this will lead to trouble. which is great for the Government.
“However, HITO does not wear iong clothes with the intention of deceiving or misleading the public or the Government and according to what we have seen on social media for two years now we do not think that HITO wears iong clothes. which are similar to the clothes worn by Government personnel when we look at the Batches or any signs of the clothes worn by HITO.
To commemorate this day, Lt Gen DS Ahuja, GOC 101 Area laid a wreath at the War Memorial in Shillong.
Those who claim that the bill will be unfair, Bah Shylla said that those who oppose it are only those who have married non-Khasis.
The General Secretary of FKJGP Shillong City, Bah Shane Nongrum, has expressed his concern over the spending of drug traffickers who are no longer afraid of the law.
The Chief Minister said the light outage was caused by the NTPC prohibiting the Meghalaya government from purchasing electricity from other electricity companies according to the soskular signed in
The Hima Mylliem has also announced that all the markets under the Hima Mylliem will be closed on that day and especially the Iewduh.
With the opening of this school today, the desire of the people of the area to provide better health care has been fulfilled as at present there is a shortage of people in the state. the human resource side of the health system and the availability of health facilities.
Looking at the two wrestlers, the State tried to play well with the hope of continuing to win, but in the end they suffered a defeat.
The number of recoveries is higher than the number of those still infected at 2,31,9
According to these orders, no one will be allowed to enter these containment areas except the health workers and those who have received permission from the Incident Commander in charge of these villages and all the residents. they shall dwell in their own houses.
Shillong, Lber 16: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today introduced a resolution in the House to demand that the Central Government should exempt the entire state of Meghalaya from the implementation of citizenship. (Amendment) Act
The land owners had met with the Chief Minister on 4/01.2018, at that time and during the meeting the Chief Minister said that nothing can be done because it has been handed over to him. DC and suggested that they write to MeECL. Bah Rani said that the land owners have now had to flee the area. there are only 22 of them.
Lambok also informed Prestone that alcoholics should be treated as patients and the government needs to set up Rehabilitation/De-addiction Centers in every village in the country. City of Shillong.
During the interview, cameras will be used to record what they answer. This is also to verify the ability of the youth to work. This shall also be seen in the signs in the place where they run.
Shillong, July 10: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District today issued an order to reinstate Section 144 CrPC in all parts of the district. at 5 pm, this will be effective immediately until further notice.
On this occasion, a letter was also launched on the Tit farming.
N.Death.
Shillong, January 27: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced that Indians living on the border with Bangladesh in the Bholaganj Constituency will be able to vote.
The party welcomes the fact that through this scheme, the allocation of funds to the North Eastern States of India will be 100% from the Central Government. spending over the next four years.
On this issue, we would like to request you to take action to set up a special committee of MDCs of Mylliem Hima, as part of the discussion to maintain and improve the Acts. 2007-2008, the Rules 2015 of the Hima Mylliem which is the bloodline of Ri Khasi Jaintia and especially that in this Hima is the city of Shillong.
Besides this competition, there will also be a competition called “U Nai Khatsaw Synnia bad Ka Lukhimai” to be held on 12.11.2016 on the closing day of the Lehkmen Season 2016 at Lympung Weiking from 2pm. up.
He briefed them on the situation of Covid-19 in their states.
This delay in the completion of this construction is the loss of the young children who are the light of the bright future through the quality of education in the district.
Bah MH Dkhar said, “In connection with the opposition of the police and the courts to curb violence, rape, murder and other acts of violence against children, the The party encourages and fully supports the police and the courts to continue to work hard in their duties against all those robbers involved in such wildlife crimes and also The Seng urges the various courts to expedite the trial to ensure the rights of all those children who have been assaulted, killed or raped by robbers, so that this may be possible. to prevent other criminals from committing such acts against children.
The celebration of Laitluit Day today was not only in the capital or in the districts but also in the blocks where the tricolor flag of Government Ministers was hoisted in the areas where government ministers could not be present. the country is the MLA of those places.
While there were negotiations inside, those standing outside burnt down the vehicles,” said Bah Nongtnger.
Kharjarin said the UDP, which has joined hands with the Hill State People's Democratic Party (HDPP), won the most votes in the last Lok Sabha elections in Khasi Hills.
She said that Australia is a country where the people have taken part in almost all sports.
Shillong, Lber 21: The Dorbar Shnong Shella with the assistance of Lafarge Umiam Mining Pvt Ltd (LUMPL) as part of its collaboration with the government authorities on the prevention measures against the spread of Covid-1 villages on their responsibilities to prevent this disease.
Kong Chiarmon Dkhar, said that her work does not end today, but she will continue to do charity work to the poor families who have lost their lives. The curfew in India which continues today due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
On the other hand, JACSO does not want the government to clarify by writing a letter to the private sector but should clarify by issuing a public announcement through the media on this two lane road.
He said that the government has decided to set up Mini Secretariats in all 11 districts of the state, but the government will start with the two oldest districts in the state, Jaintia Hills District. Tura, the capital of West Garo Hills, is now known as West Jaintia Hills District.
There is now a National Gas Grid in India and it will be a blessing for the whole of India that the lyer hset and lyner to fill the vehicles will help a lot to the people.
For the remaining crops, the income to the farmers after expenses is estimated to be 50%.
This year is the 107th anniversary of the Shad Suk Mynsiem, and since the beginning of the year it has been growing until today. many villages and towns of the Hynniewtrep people.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Robert June Kharjahrin said that it is the duty of the leaders to solve the problems and not to report the problems. Besides, there are other issues to be discussed for the sake of the people, especially in relation to the Governors of the States.
The aim of Myntri Rangbah Duh is that we should make the Panchayats self-sufficient and their empowerment.
The Principal of Mawkhar Christian was the chief guest at the programme. The owner and editor of Rupang R Monarch Shabong, the committee leaders and the secretary Jied Kurbah were also present. Chairman) and Mrs. Belbera Wankhar.
Shillong, Nailur 08: Darlington Mylliem Umlong, son of Brikshon Rani and Peribon Mylliem Umlong, passed away this morning at Mawlai.
On this day, the Catholic Church founded by Jesus has held a special prayer for all Christian denominations for the unity of one Church.
The total number of recoveries today is 113, including 89 cases from East Khasi Hills, 13 cases from Ri Bhoi, 8 cases from West Garo Hills, 2 cases from West Jaintia Hills and 1 case from North Garo Hills. The total number of recoveries so far is
Kabir said Bangladesh is against all forms of terrorism and Bangladesh will fight to eradicate all forms of terrorism within its country.
The Chief Minister said that the deterioration of the road has been due to the heavy rainfall in the past months. The road connecting the state capital Shillong and Jaintia Hills has been deteriorated.
This action of the DC violates the rights of children.
The BJP has demanded that the MDA government should provide a detailed explanation on the grounds on which the term of office of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has been extended. ) and the JHADC for six months.
Shillong, July 24: The village of Nohwet has taken action to preserve the 200 years old wooden bridge under the jurisdiction of the village.
Other members of the House Committee are TS Thangkhiew of HSPDP, Adelbert Nongrum of KHNAM, Teinwell Dkhar of UDP and Joint Secretary of the Legislative Assembly. Shillong, Jymmang 23: Following a meeting between Bangladesh and Meghalaya government officials held in Shillong, the House committee will complete its work within six months and submit its report to the EC. Bangladesh troops have entered Muktapur village in West Jaintia Hills District to warn the residents of Muktapur village in Meghalaya. villagers not to build houses or improve houses because this area falls within 150 jobs of the border.
The Minister in charge of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, in an interview with the media on Tuesday, said that there are seven Rehabilitation Centers run by the Government and there are also Foundations. They are not supported by private groups that receive financial assistance from the Social Welfare Department.
Shillong, November 05: Shillong Police have arrested four persons identified as Shemphang Marbaniang from Pohkseh, Dilip Bhattacharjee from Rynjah, Mukul Banarjee from Pohkseh and Dulit Diengdoh from Umsong. were arrested on suspicion of involvement in the kidnapping of a truck from Tursad.
Referring to the demand for ILP in the state, Dr Mukul said the government has its own grounds if it does not implement the ILP, this will not bring benefits but will affect the people. the development of the state.
The holiday was announced because on that day the people will elect new leaders to the two Houses of Parliament of the two District Councils, JHADC and KHADC. shutki to allow the people to go and vote in their respective polling stations.
MLAs of Ri Bhoi District were also present to witness the laying of the foundation stone for the construction of the Integrated Textile Tourism Park by the Union Minister. The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District was also present.
As the supporters of the party, we cannot help but express our respect for the foundation on which our leader stands firm, even after seven and a half years of being alone.
On the other hand, the Minister of Education promised to take action and resolve this issue immediately and urged the students who have not yet received the scholarship to visit the office of the Director. Department of Higher & Technical Education if you have any questions from the office.
On the other hand, the Human Rights Watch urges the Government of India that those who have been convicted by the Court should not be released but should be imprisoned. along all the shirts of life.
The Independence Day celebration was held across India to commemorate the great personalities of the first Minister of Home Affairs of India on his birthday. day as “National Unity”.
Sheastha is an CPN (Maoist) MP while Mahat is a Nepali Congress MP.
Regarding the KHADC's issuance of forms to collect information from Khasi traders, the union feels it is appropriate.
The inauguration of the new Chief Justice will be conducted by the Governor of Meghalaya Dr KK Paul at 5 pm.
Along with the drugs, 31 stolen vehicles were seized during these four months. Most of the vehicles seized were small vehicles. Two mobile phones, a pistol and bullets were recovered.
The villages affected by the floods are Phulbari, Rajabala, Singimari, Paham, Bhaitbari and Hallidayganj.
The biggest job in the country today is 'Make in India' and Achievement Bharat.
Sambormi Lyngdoh, President of the JNC, said that the Regional Committees appointed by the government should look into the historical background of the Pnar people when determining the border.
It is because of this shortage of meat that the state has launched the Meghalaya State Livestock Mission 2017-2022 to increase the production of meat in the state.
In the appeal No.165 of 2016, the appeal was filed before the Hon'ble Justice SR Sen through the Muktiar of P Bhattacharjee and the defendant government led by Mr. Muktiar HS Thanksgiving.
The young men and women during the procession of the village together with the Rots danced and celebrated and during the procession at Eitnar only the young men and women were taken away. In the middle of Eitnar, the religious ceremony was performed by the elders of Niamtre.
Shillong, July 15: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills District has donated and assisted Mihsalan Truh from Lumshnong village who has been selected to represent the Asian Youth International Model United Nations. to be within Malaysia.
To assist in local skills development by assisting educational institutions to prepare curricula and training for officers related to the implementation of policies and programs of the Federal and State Governments.
The union condemns the blindness of the authorities from the Hima Mylliem to the KHADC. you are honored.
There have also been cases where the national parties have tried to form a government on their own such as the three flag government (APHLC, HSPDP, PDIC) in
““We are pleased that you have this vision and goal to become the first Aggregator in Meghalaya.
He said that the rich heritage of the North East is the path to the prosperity of the people and that the Government is taking various steps to unlock the opportunities in the region.
All three districts fall under the West Khasi Hills District.
On this occasion, the cleanliness drive was launched by Bah.
The unemployment of the youth is that there are more than 8000 vacancies. What is this government doing and as groups want to ask what is it doing as an announcement regarding the jobs? They wrote to the government but they did not respond.
At the same time, the Chief Engineer said that they did not do this but it was a mistake in the workload of the staff of the office.
Speaking to reporters on July 12, 2023, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Kong RM Kurbah said that the injection of formalin into fish has not started in Meghalaya. but it started in other states of India.
According to a statement sent by the General Secretary, Allfondbirth Kharsyntiew, all the elected members are requested to attend the swearing-in ceremony on the 1st November at Mawkhar National Dorbar Hall. at 11 o'clock in the morning.
Those who wish to avoid any penalties for not having Aadhaar issued by any authority, please send information via sms or email to the following persons within 10 months from the date of publication of this news. , that is, if those authorities do not remove within three months that kind of punishment which has been imposed on you.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said on Twitter that the total number of farmers who have received the PMkisan Yojana is 9 crore and the number of farmers in the state who have received it is 1.6 lakh.
Bah MH Dkhar President of AJYWO, said, “As of now, there is only one doctor in the district for two months and this has affected the people. to the people.
Through achievements such as universal electrification, steady expansion of electricity from renewable sources.
Other programs on the day included shops set up by various government departments and SHGs and traditional songs and dances by the talented youth of the area.
However, fortunately, the kur received news of these evil intentions of him which led them to stand up and defeat these scientific tricks of his until they completely destroyed the foundation stone of the. road at the time when HS Shylla was planning to inaugurate the foundation stone.
Shillong, July 13: The number of malaria cases has decreased in the past few years and the NCDC in collaboration with the District Malaria Office of East Khasi Hills District together with the Office of the State Program Officer (NCDC) and the Intensified Malaria Control Project Meghalaya have set a target to eradicate the disease from the state by
It is thanks to the initiative of this young man that we have been able to conduct this program which is very successful.
This is evident from the experiences of developed countries.
Anyone who has any complaint regarding any violation of the Model Code of Conduct (MCC) in the district can call him at Circuit House, Mairang from 10 am to 10 pm. 3 pm until 4 pm.
During the meeting, the Minister told the KSU leaders that if the people give permission, the government will accept it because there is a need for economic development and employment.
In this regard, the Seng urges the Municipal authorities and others to respect the decision and to maintain the shops and all the vendors as they are until another decision is taken. to all the problems.
Shillong, November 13: Answering a question by Dr Donkupar Roy on the Meghalaya Basin Development Authority (MDA), the Chief Minister said that the purpose of the Meghalaya Basin Development Authority (MDA) is to train the people. people to feel their own jobs and it is very difficult to convince people to start their own businesses.
On this occasion, various civil society organizations from Jaintia Hills have left for the area near the DC office in Khliehriat to protest against the public hearing and to shout that they are against the Star Cement. take more space.
After this, the MLA met with the village leaders in another meeting to hand over the work order for the MDC Scheme which he has allocated to Mawlai Mawtawar Village worth T.1.50 lakh.
Regarding the protective equipment for health workers, 64,458 PPEs, 5,10,000 3 ply masks and 65,190 95N masks have been received by the government so far. day.
These Facilitation Centers will ensure that the rights of Indian citizens who are foreigners should not be violated or restricted and one of the rights is to enter freely into the Bri U Hynniewtrep without interference.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangama, the Governor of Meghalaya, Brig (Dr.) BD Mishra (Retd), the Union Minister in charge of Home Affairs, Amit Shah, Union Ministers such as Mr. G Kishan Reddy, Kiren Rijijubad Sarbananda Sonowal, Union Minister of State for Child Development, BL Verma, Chief Minister of Manipur, N Biren Singh, Chief Minister of Mizoram, Zoramthanga, Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta BiswaSarma, Chief Minister of Nagaland, u Sikkim Chief Minister Prem Singh Tamang, Arunachal Pradesh Chief Minister Pema Khandu and Tripura Chief Minister Manik Sahaki were also present on the occasion.
If the Government does not take responsibility for this, it will not be able to issue a Diploma in Elementary Education (D.El.)
Shillong, Naiwieng 03: U Prestone Tynsong, Minister of State for Forests and Others, Meghalaya Government, on Tuesday questioned whether it is necessary to apply for the name of the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI). CBI) in relation to the appointment of teachers.
The refugees thanked the KSU for reaching out to help them in the midst of the difficulties.
Shillong, Lber 5: U James K Sangma, Minister in charge of Electricity and Electricity, on Tuesday said that the Cabinet has decided to have only one Building Act in the state. In the House, the Meghalaya Building Bye Laws,
The Prime Minister has urged for 'Teeka Utsav' - a medical campaign between 11th June, the birth anniversary of Jyotiba Phule and 14th June, the birth anniversary of Baba Saheb Ambedkar. .
On the other hand, the Vice President said that it is necessary to have electricity charging stations to encourage vehicles to run on electricity and at the same time to encourage manufacture EV batteries.
The meeting was attended by doctors from all over Ri-Bhoi District, East Khasi Hills District and Jaintia Hills District. , Mawlap From Jowai, and from Jowai.
Shillong, Lber 07: The Speaker of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynshngianlang Syiem, today announced that Bah Teinwell Dkhar has won the post of Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) without any opposition.
When asked, Sangma said the price of the Upper Khri project has reached T.9 per unit and the price of Kynshi is T.8 per unit, which do not match at all.
The party will be investigating from various departments on this.
These weapons weighed up to 250 kilograms, 2000 gelatin sticks, 1000 unused detonators and 8 rounds of fuses.
The General Secretary of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Donald V. Thabah said that the KSU had planned to hold the celebration in Khliehriat but due to the lack of permission. The KSU has not held any more celebrations due to the implementation of the Model Code of Conduct (MCC) for the Lok Sabha elections to be held on the 19th of this month. This is the day of the National Day in Khliehriat.
If the government upgrades this block to the status of Civil Sub Division, it will help the people to improve their work with the government. the public in the right direction gets work oh jam.
Speaking to media on 9th July, 2023, Bah Lamphrang said that the party has also informed the Chief Executive Member of the party on various issues affecting the country and the nation. At the same time, he said that the party has requested the District Council to direct the Hima, Raid and Shnongs to issue laws prohibiting Khasi girls from marrying other ethnic groups. outside the state as this affects the trade and employment of the indigenous people.
The project will make Arunachal Pradesh the largest electricity producing state, in line with the National Grid in terms of grid integrity and connectivity.
The MCCL employees union has requested the Governor to find ways and means to run the dewbilat factory so that they can get their salaries. and they shall receive the light by another way.
The CEM, Bah P.N.Syiem, has released the Inquiry Report only in two newspapers on 07.02.2017, not in others. for Professional Tax by Bah Weljone Syiemlieh, Rs.50,00,0  Rs.50,00,000.00 (fifty lakh rupees); Rs.20,00,000.00 (twenty lakh rupees); Rs.12,00,000.00 (approx.);  and Rs.8,00,000.00 (five lakh rupees); The total amount of money received is (50 lakh + 50 lakh + 20 lakh + 12 lakh + 8 lakh) Rs.1,40,00,000.00 (one crore forty lakh) and has been deposited into the Personal Account of Bah Welcome Syiemlieh and to others in your household.
In connection with this incident, police are conducting investigation to track down the perpetrators of this unprecedented theft.
A police Gypsy parked at Mawlai Police Station, Shillong has been damaged after unidentified robbers blew up a petrol bomb on the vehicle on Tuesday morning.
Shillong, Naitung 18: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Bah Garod LNS Dykes today said that the district administration has so far demolished 57 illegal coke factories in West Khasi Hills. District.
Speaking to reporters, he said that out of the 77 cases tested positive in East Khasi Hills, 41 cases are from the Army and 40 cases are from the civilian population.
It is also necessary to look at the feelings of the people in those places, this is to look at this area in a real way, from the point of view of history and also from the point of view of the situation as it is now. You have to look at what is happening on the ground as it is there is a conflict but when you look back there is no such thing.
Bah PN Syiem said that the party invites all the party workers from the MPCC, DCC, BCC and all the party workers to take the time to attend the meeting. The party will honor the MP of the party.
On the other hand, the Congress leader in Meghalaya said that the party now has to reform its working methods before the Lok Sabha elections.
These 181 Modified Silencers have been seized since April, 2023 by the Police.
The KSU will continue to follow up on this issue. The KSU congratulates the District authorities for taking this decision to suspend this issue. Shillong, July 18: The office of the 3rd Meghalaya Secretariat at Lachumier today collapsed at the bottom of the building. The fire was extinguished by the Meghalaya Secretariat Home Guards.
The rankings of the 7 districts in the state.
The TMC is no longer new in the state but it has its own name as PA Sangma won the MP election from Tura in the name of the party.
The second part of the opinion was that Judge Vaiphei said that the first police team they visited on 13/8/2021 when they visited the house of Bah Chesristerfield was The judge found that the case was reckless and the police acted with force.
At the time of writing, the name of Dr. LR Bishnoi is still on the website of the police department as DGP of Meghalaya, while the name of the new DGP is not yet on the website of the police.
During the visit, the union also recorded a video of the work. The union alleged that the work of the well to ring the water tank is not adequate because it is not as expected.
Replying to the motion, the CEM of the Council, Bah Pyniaid Syiem, said that the District Council is the only body to protect the rights of the minorities in the State as enshrined in the Constitution of the State. India.
Purningstar Shabong, Leader of JAC Hima Sohiong, who was also present at the meeting, said that the JAC will immediately lodge a complaint with the DC of Ri Bhoi District to take action on this issue. You are from Assam to Meghalaya.
The exploiters, who have lost their sense of responsibility for the cleanliness of the environment, have thrown garbage along the Mawiongrim road under a landfill near the Petrol Pump.
He said that since 2016, the Government of India has already introduced Personal Interview in 23 States of India but the surprising thing is that the Government of Meghalaya has not been able to follow this example. the Government of India.
The government must purchase the land or not hire it from the private sector to set up the weigh stations.
Their hard work is the spirit of the New India and they are the ones who lead the way to economic development and innovation.
The search operation was conducted from Hynniewmer to Mawsynram.
The Government should understand that the protest by the people to demand the eviction of the people living in the metor area is not an insult to anyone but all the people have protested with concern about the incidents that happen from time to time. have them metor.
Medulance has also provided services to PSUs such as NTPC, COAL India, and Odisha Jail, including Stationed Ambulance Services, Medical Centres, Medical Professionals and Medical Care.
The meeting was held under the auspices of SS Ahluwalia, Chairman of the Campaign Committee.
The Director of Health Services (DHS) Dr Aman War will announce more details on the death of these two persons.
: Members of the Hynniewtrep Youths Council (HYC) led by President Bah Roy Kupar Synrem on Thursday arrested four women and 18 foreign men for allegedly smuggling drugs. in the consumption of drugs.
Rufinia Nongkynrih won the second prize with 5,000 tyngka and Sunny Witford Sohtun came third with 3,000 tyngka. Albaqueen Swer and Dohling Sisters won a consolation of Rs 1000 and Isamerry Nongkynrih won a special prize.
Naga is a coal smuggler to Bangladesh from Gasuapara Land Custom Station, 400 km from Shillong.
Besides Sujit Dey, Father January Sangma, Rev. Insting C Marak, Rev. Bro.
As a sign of respect for the families of those families, Kong Bijoya Sawian was honored on behalf of the Kur Sawian family, for awarding the award to Rangbah Sumar Sing Sawian and The mother of the children Riwotki Laloo and the eldest son Riquoma Rq Laloo on behalf of the family of Waheh S Quotient Sumer for the memorial award.
Shillong, July 30: Thousands of people from all over the country have attended a public meeting organized by the North East Students Organization (NESO) at Motphran today. One of the voices that came out of this rally was that the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill 2016 of the Central Government will continue to be opposed.
Speaking at the programme, the Director of NEIGRIHMS, Prof (Dr.) DM Thappa, urged the participants to take the message to avoid the use of plastic. plastics in everyday life.
After a thorough discussion, it was necessary to come up with a stronger resolution to send to the Central Government to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Eight Schedule of the Constitution of India.
Let the MTDC and the Ministry of Tourism clarify where this is going. I hope the media will be of assistance to the Khasi Seng and to him as a researcher where the T.6 crore work is.
The gathering of youths from all over the state in Tura to take part in the 5Meghalaya Games 2024 which will start on the 15th and end on the 20th of this month will be of benefit to the youth.
They, modern farming methods in many areas, ensuring the delivery of services to all areas.
Regarding the four vehicles, Jyrwa said he has nothing to say as they are government vehicles. He said that there are more than 25,000 commercial vehicles in the state.
Shillong, March 12: Hilda Kharpran, 70, wife of Blissten Kharkongor, Sohryngkham, has passed away. The funeral service will be held on cemetery of Sohryngkham Presbyterian Church.
Shillong, Naitung 20: Meghalaya Police today arrested three persons suspected of involvement in the murder of Bah Coniwell Thabah. Mawlai in the Middle.
I called for help and immediately the neighbors came out to help my son," said Ms Bandari.
The people can also witness that if there are any issues that the KSU takes for the benefit of the Khasi people, these groups suddenly come out at such times to take other issues. I don't want to overshadow the issues that the KSU has taken.
This is just an example of how this app can protect and save the lives of mothers, said Dr. Sutnga.
The photo exhibition is part of various programs organized by CBC, Shillong this year as part of the 75th Anniversary of Independence.
There have been 594 recoveries today, bringing the total number of recoveries in the state to 30172 so far.
In Meghalaya, all the cases have been reported.
The three-day conference was attended by countries from the US, Malaysia, Singapore, Europe and others. can host such a large gathering in which people from all over the world have come to take part.
R Khongwang Joint Director, DSEL and L Syiemlieh, SDSEO, Nongstoin were the chief guests on the occasion. .
In his speech, Bah Gabriel Wahlang MDC Nongstoin said that the NOC was not clearly written and he wanted to get an explanation.
Those who took part in the discussion were Ms. JG Syiem, Program Coordinator, NEN, Shillong, Bah V. Syiem, SP, West Jaintia Hills, Jowai, Bah H. Mohrmen, Program Coordinator, NEN, Shillong. Bah AK Roy, Psychiatric Social Worker, Nazareth Hospital, Shillong and P. Chakravorty, Professor cum Principal, International College of Nursing, Assam.
He said that the same child has not only named this house, but many other names have come up.
The JSU Sengkmie after finding out that there have been misuse of the name of the Union and violation of the rules of the Union by some of the leading leaders of the Circle including the President has decided to Shri. Dahun Lamare, President of the Circle, has been expelled from the Circle. After the expulsion of the President, there have been some members who have tried to expose the violence of the President of the Circle. the Circle and some of them in which there were again confusion and misunderstandings between the leaders and members of this Circle.
According to the latest news received by the SP News Agency, the Executive Committee led by Bah Pynshngian Syiem is ready to divide the districts according to districts.
At the ceremony, the SP of Ri Bhoi District, Jagpal Singh Dhanoa congratulated them and wished them the best of luck in their work. furthermore to provide the best possible service for the public.
They should not be afraid to smiej, because the issuance of Trading License by the KHADC is to prevent the authorities and foreigners who enter illegally for a short period of time and who try to enter the trade by entering. “It's illegal without a Trading License from KHADC,” said Samla Daniel.
The leaders of the Khapmaw Rangbah Shnong, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MDC Mawkynrew Constituency, said that since the establishment of the Crèche Centre, in the past few years, although it has been established, A group registered with the Government under the RGNCS, New Delhi, which has also received financial assistance through the CSWB, Social Welfare Department. This is because the children who come to the Crèche Center are in a weak body.
Shillong, Nailar 02: Leaders of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) under the leadership of Samla Readian S Nongrum today met with the Registrar of NEHU Dr JN Nayak to discuss the delay in the production of NEHU. the BA result of the Sixth Semester.
Those who said that the elections should be postponed said that the expenses of the elections belong to the District Council and not to the state government but it just creates the bills and sends them to the District Council. The Deputy Chief Minister is responsible for the smooth running of the elections.
He urged the VECs to take action to inform their villages if anyone wants to inform immediately to the number 9436102663 for this need where the owners of the houses will have to provide only shiap saw tin and mawria lai. tin and other necessities have been obtained through this project.
Shillong, Lber 11: The United Democratic Party (UDA) has elected Titosstarwell Chyne MDC from the UDP to contest the Chief Executive Member election in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). KHADC: The UDA has admitted that there are 19 members in the 30-member Assembly of the KHADC. According to the AD Rule of the KHADC, the CEM of the Districts The Council shall elect the House of Representatives.
On the other hand, the SP said that no one can take the law into their own hands.
In this lack of jobs, people have left to set up shops in Thembijoy square from Bawri Nethralaya Hospital to GS Road Raino by covering them with plastic to protect them from the rain and sun.
“On the part of the union, we express our strong opposition to the operation of the Shillong Golf Club without a Trade Licence.
Shillong, Nailur 22: Answering a question by Rupa M Marak regarding the Damal Asim Police Station, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, said that the government has already issued a notice. Government in 2017 and opened it on 28th July
Prestone said that those who receive this assistance are those people who are not registered with the government, who do not receive poor foodgrains and who do not receive any assistance whether from the central government or from state government schemes.
Shillong, July 09: The emergence of the Jaintia alphabet has surprised the people of Ri Khasi and some have complained that it comes only from the streets of Jowai. He was also appointed to the District Council which was divided to govern the entire district of Jaintia Hills.
The MP from Tura has urged the Union Minister of State for Education to direct the National Test Agency to set up an examination center in Tura for the entire Garo Hills. for the year 2022-2
The Minister said the Tribal Affairs Department will set up 50,000 Van Dhan Vikas Kendras in the rural areas of the country to increase the income of the people.
The BSF said that the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh is from areas that have not yet been cleared and the demand for cattle to Bangladesh is now very high and the price is low. this is their religion in which they have a good job for the cows.
These employees of BSNL demand that the government should withdraw the letter they wrote on 08.05.2017 , which said to remove the All the trade unions within BSNL. On this day, all the employees of BSNL held a protest in front of the CTO office Shillong.
The purpose of the NEVF is to attract people to the North Eastern Region of India in tourism through the financial support of DoNER and North Eastern Development Finance Corporation Ltd. .
Shillong, Jymmang 06: With the aim of providing training to the residents of Syntung Village under East Khasi Hills District, on tourism activities, the Department of Tourism and Travel Management, Martin Luther Christian, has conducted a training session for the residents of Syntung Village. University" has conducted a training on this topic at Syntung.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: Meghalaya Police have received a tip that some members of the HNLC have left Bangladesh. that road.
The meeting was led by the President of NEIGRIHMS, Bah Thomas Passah along with members of the union.
Through this act, it has been decided that the kilo cut of agricultural products will no longer exist.
The reports received include those of the family members of the victim and these too are negative.
Shillong, March 25: The Government has decided to appoint an Expert Committee to investigate the radiation levels in Nangbah Jynrin. it still allows groups to do this work.
Shillong, Nailar 10: The North Eastern Railway Frontier together with the State Government has moved forward to complete the railway project in Meghalaya.
It is learned that besides the damage to the houses, even the crops have been damaged by the storm.
A person who is sensitive and understands the dignity of the minorities, to exercise the powers conferred on him by [Paragraph 19 (1) (b)] which enacted Regulation No. of 1952 and received the approval of the Hon'ble Supreme Court, and also under Article 163, to issue a Notification for the implementation of the Eastern Bengal Frontier Regulation, 1873 in all the areas of KHADC and JHADC. , which is the ratification of Articles 19 (5) and 29 of the Constitution of India.
Shillong, Naitung 21: To ensure the rights of job seekers in the state, the Cabinet today introduced amendments to the District Selection Committee (DSC) examination. of government.
On the other hand, the Minister said that this security is not only during the puja but also during other religious ceremonies.
Conclusion of the press release by the General Secretary.
Shillong, July 05: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today confirmed that Meghalaya has recorded another new case of COVID-19 with one positive case from East Jaintia Hills District.
A police team from the state has been sent to Delhi this morning to rescue them. Police are conducting investigation to find out how the children arrived. to the scene, the investigation is ongoing.
Shillong, July 12: A team of the Election Commission of India (ECI) today arrived in Shillong to inspect the preparations for the Assembly elections to be held in June
The union strongly urges the government not to violate the village councils with the intention of bringing about municipal elections, but to empower the Dorbar Shnongs and not to destroy them.
Speaking on the bail, Bernard said that the allegation against him is unfounded and is a political ploy of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sngma.
As such, they play a significant role worldwide in terms of job creation, technological advancement, long-term economic development, and the solution of major problems.
Other elected office bearers include Ymphaidien Sutong as Finance Secretary, Banskhemlang Marwein as Academic Secretary, Sooki Syrti as Sports Secretary, Edna Callista Kharsyntiew as Sports Secretary. Naphisabet Marwein as Publicity Secretary and Bashankur Buhroy as Editor.
Ind and  Heimon.
In these ODF villages, bread shops will also be set up.
“However, surprisingly, the police of Laban Police Station went to the residence of one of the non-Khasi children and sent him to the police station. four groups of Khasi children.
On the other hand, the NF Railway has decided to provide security measures at this railway station.
However, it remains the same even though the Maweit area has earned Rs 100 crore from coal.
Sriduba A Sangma, Hajong's husband Anirud Hajong, was killed in the shooting while Jetika Hajong and Chandrabala Hajong were injured and taken to hospital for treatment.
During the hours of filing of nomination papers, it was witnessed that these four candidates did not bring their supporters as usual in previous years as it caused heavy traffic jam in Shillong.
The Bill has been sent to the President for consideration.
After many discussions on the MLA Election 2018, the NBCC has congratulated all the supporters who have worked hard despite the terrible challenges, and the NBCC welcomes the decision of the majority and sends its congratulations. The new MLA should fulfill his duties properly as promised and appointed by the voters for the five years 2018-2
Roypar Kharraswai President of MEMRIWU, said that although they have not received their demands, they have agreed on some demands and now they will start. their work.
Shillong, November 29: The Border Security Force (BSF) today morning welcomed a member of the HNLC at the BSF camp at Umkiang, East Jaintia Hills District.
Tyngkle Grace Iawrot is the only one who has qualified for the Solo Competition which will compete with talented singers from all over India who have reached the final.
We should also talk about improving people's income, better education and new job opportunities.
In a statement, he said that since 2015, the party has written to the EC to take action on this issue. This was also stated by the MDC of the party, Bah Adelbert Nongrum in the House.
The permit is only for security and NoC from the University.
From the Chief Minister Special Grant, the government has spent T.14.7 crore on the evacuation of the stranded people and the distribution of food items. 6.4 crore and the starting amount is T.8.3 crore.
However, the decision to suspend or implement the road has not been held at the Public Hearings.
Shillong, Naitung 24: The Supreme Court on Tuesday heard the case of CM Jha Petition (S) for Special Leave to Appeal (Crl) No (s)5245/2 In writ AB(SH) No 54/2013 of the High Court of Meghalaya, Chandra Mohan Jha has appealed against the decision of the High Court of Meghalaya. India has appealed against the Meghalaya government.
“The VC has promised the JAC that the meeting of the Academic Council will be held in the first month of November where these issues will be discussed and decisions will be taken at this meeting,” he said. added.
The family members of Bah Marshall Marweiñ have lost hope that he will survive after he died in a garbage dump at Marten at about 1:30 pm on Saturday.
Furthermore, the party would like to thank the people of Warsan Lyngdoh area who have supported the party in the protest against the two lane road from Nongstoin to Mawthabah.
Bah Kres is a retired government minister and has also worked to lead the church to the rank of tynmenbasan. The funeral service will be held at 12 noon.
This is the first incident in the state where up to five policemen have lost their lives in militant firing.
Earlier, they did not believe, it is on this basis that they had to explain to the public to understand about this important benefit that the people get through this MHIS. On the other hand, the Minister encouraged the people. The government understands that there is a lack of Internet, the government knows that there are problems.
The Chief Spokesperson of the BJP, Bah M Kharkrang, who is also a retired police officer, said that the party is shocked by the sudden decision of the HNLC to withdraw from the peace talks with the government. that it is impossible for the Government to drop all the cases against the leaders and members of this armed group.
The total number of cases has risen to 2075. The highest number of cases are in East Khasi Hills with 949, West Garo Hills with 480, Ri Bhoi with 146 and West Jaintia Hills with long in all Districts of the State.
The Indian Presidency has organized a program to understand the impact of the Two Pillar Solution for the Global South in July, 2023 in collaboration with the South Centre, a group of developing countries operating from Geneva.
Herbert Joe falls under the jurisdiction of St. Joseph's South Kerala Province.
How many souls have we lost in the hands of the wicked?
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: As the days go by, people coming to Shillong from all over the country have faced difficulties in getting parking spaces even in the parking lots built by the government and looked after by the Shillong Municipal Board.
Shillong, July 10: The residents of Nan Polok have been closed for more than a year on the grounds that the bridge has collapsed.
Furthermore, 78 proposed SFURTI Clusters have been approved by the Scheme Steering Committee which has benefited about 48608 manufacturers/employees as of 1st July, 2019 to date.
The union urges the government to bring back these students and workers who have been in dire straits as many states have already announced that schools will not open until June.
It is said that in 1875, in the election between Hajon Manik Syiem and Bor Sing Syiem, Hajon Manik Syiem won because Bor Sing Syiem, who had more right to become Syiem, converted to Christianity. According to the legend, Hajon Manik Syiem was not a descendant of Sohra.
“We have our own language and the names of the villages, townships and land in Jaintia Hills have been named and named by our ancestors and also by those who have been named and still named in the past. We as a nation need to preserve this and we will not allow at all to change our language or the names of places. our villages and communities in the language of other ethnic groups who do not know how to pronounce our language well"
Shillong, Jymmang 21: Mylliem MDC TS Thangkhiew has issued a zero hour notice on the allocation of Rs 36 crore by UCIL for the construction of the Wahkaji Mawthabah Road.
Kine died in the past.
Speaking to reporters, the Famous Fan Club of the State, Bah Rana Kharkongor, said that the purpose of setting up the Jingkieng Ksiar Fan Club is to promote Khasi music in every country. One of the Khasi children who has the talent to sing and this purpose is also as part of the development of talented people in this field.
Prestone also explained that the death of pigs will not be suitable for humans and those who cook pork should cook it properly.
Regarding Pine Mount School and Public Schools, the Cabinet has decided that these schools up to Class XII will also be placed under the Director of School Education and Literacy.
Shillong, June 17: Three car thieves from Assam have been burnt alive in a forest in East Garo Hills District on Tuesday morning.
RaShillong, July 06: Combined SC has won the title of the Open To All Football Tournament organized by Umrynjah Sports & Cultural Club after beating Nongrah SC 2-0 tie-breaker 4-3 on the first day.
The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) has demanded that MeECL should implement a 33 KV Sub Station at Umsong Village, Ri Bhoi District, so that the people of Ri Bhoi District can get proper electricity like others. places.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: One person has been tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District today, bringing the total number of cases in the state to three.
Ed through the Swayam Portal as directed by NIOS and the MHRD Department of the Government of India.
This statement by the SP of East Khasi Hills, came at a time when many expensive vehicles were smuggled iong and this has put the police in trouble whether these vehicles are the private vehicles of those officials. government which has received permission to mine iong or private individuals who have not received permission.
To select 100 candidates for the IAS and IPS posts, the examination will be held on 15th November in all districts of Meghalaya under the supervision of the office of the Deputy Commissioners.
Aiti Mega Kharkongor, Sister Tutor Norman Tunnel Hospital Jowai, in her speech, emphasized that the role of nurses is to improve the health of the people. world and to keep pace with economic development to eradicate poverty.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the NPP leader said, “Let us not point fingers but let us find our own way how to eradicate insurgency”. There is a need for a policy that can create jobs for the youth.
Three children including their mother have fallen ill and been rushed to hospital after they suffered severe injuries after eating a wild tit they had harvested from a forest in Saiden village, Ribhoi. District.
Earlier, while moving a special motion on the part of the Congress MLAs, Bah Hima Shangpliang questioned the idea of ​​giving and taking land. He expressed his opposition to this proposal and said that the land belonging to Meghalaya should not go to Assam and those which Assam has already taken away should be returned to Meghalaya.
Thabah said that the HYC demands that the SDESEO office should respond within 14 days but the HYC will not hesitate to take other measures.
New Delhi, Naiwieng 28: The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, has praised the people of the state for maintaining the lifestyle of living in peace and harmony with the environment. His speech on Part 83 of 'Mann Ki Baat' today.
The affected villages and houses are Rudu 3, East Rangasora 37, Abangre 17, Koltapara 38, Khasladop 12, Lower Koltapara 24, Tibchiring 9, Lower. Raja Article 32, Wanokchiring 17, Bagrachiring 7, Balat 108, Mowsaliah, 63, Lower Poksora 93, Makbilkol 34, Upper Poksora 62, Assimgitim 35, Padonggrir7B Chingjo Phodkroh 70, Khatphra Mile 20, Umbir 57, New Moilam 42, Composition 35, Interview 39, Upper King Para There are 1598 households in Kewri 6, Pamdaba 35, Kensosan 24, Rillang 8, Ranikor 35, Tilagao 2, Mawlongbah 35, Mawpyllun 32, Dirang 25, Shnongkalong 50, Arphewsanmile 5, total.
The seven areas that have to be resolved now are not more difficult than them but three have been completed in the first phase. states have set a date for the start of talks.
Sanbor said the allegation against the BJP is just a rumor, but the people have now understood that this is the reason why the BJP has come to power in Assam, Tripura, Manipur, Arunachal Pradesh and Nagaland. Sanbor urged the people of Meghalaya to support the BJP party so that the party can achieve its goals. If the BJP can lead the government, there will be change in the state.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that the government wants to work for the people.
This speeding affects not only the drivers but also the pedestrians.
This is necessary after the passage of the Motor Vehicles (Amendment) Act 2019 and was issued on 09th July,
According to a statement from the office, the seven places where the GST Mobile Squads will be deployed are 7Miles, Pasyih, Priang-Yooksi and Garampani. .
The farmers who cultivate the jhur have sold it to the merchants because they don't have a place to store it.
This was announced by W Mawsor, General Secretary of the party.
These are not only those who have been arrested but there are still many who have escaped from the hands of the BSF.
The Central Government has accepted the request of these States and has directed them to complete the recruitment of teachers.
He also urged the people to give clear information that the MLA scheme or any development works brought by the MLA is not a charity work of him but it is their right. not to the public as directed by the Government.
Marcus also admitted that the Sub Register Office has issued a Non Encumbrance Certificate according to a letter from the Syiem of Mylliem Hima to the Sub Register Office. The Ribhoi Office has issued a letter authorizing the BSF to set up camp in the area without making a public announcement.
The Chief Minister said that Meghalaya has won only once a majority victory by one political party but so far the state has experienced a clean government.
All these National Centers and Regional Centers play an important role.
The Chief Minister visited the Quarantine Center at Godalgre in Betasing of South West Garo Hills District and talked to those in charge of the centre.
We cannot fail to express our gratitude to the Jaintia Student Movement because if it were not for this organization, this young woman who was killed and buried in the forest would have been buried like an animal. The family members of this child have not found her anymore, therefore we as the leaders of HANM would like to congratulate you the leaders of JSM-CB and bless you all. You are increasingly in the service of the people of Jaintia Hills and the State of Meghalaya as a whole.
Speaking to reporters at the Civil Hospital Shillong, he said that this is a brutal act to take the life of a human being. Your thraisniew has happened many times.
On the other hand, Bah Justine took the initiative and went to meet with the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma to talk to him about the tragic incident. gave an assurance that he would look into this matter.
: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongthliew Circle on Tuesday met with the Director of Schools Education and Literacy (SEL) and submitted a petition demanding the upgradation of Nongthliew Govt Secondary School to Higher Secondary School. .
The SOP clarifies that all COVID-related safety measures should be followed within the grounds of these premises.
He is a student of St Anthony College, where he represented the North East in the Republic Day celebrations in Delhi this year.
Praising the work of the institute since its establishment in 2016, the Minister said that NEIAH will provide training to the students who will bring about improvement in the field of health care in the country. the east and west.
Prof. Dr. PK Goswami, Director, NEIAH will deliver the welcome speech.
The day was enriched by a song and a short drama by the graduates.
We will resolve this issue with the consensus of both the States”.
The KSU JHD stands on the same principle and the principles of the party will not change.
Shillong, Iaiong 03: U Governor of Meghalaya, RS Mooshahary today took part in the Nguh ceremony of the Khasi Khara at Baniun. This year, the Hynniewtrep Census Association in Baniun said that in the midst of this conflict between science and traditional beliefs.
Shillong, July 30: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today launched 16 Innova Crysta as Tourist Taxis. to transport international visitors.
If the truck drivers refuse to pay the fare, the police will shoot the driver and damage the trucks and the trucks will not be allowed to pass,” said the MJAC. it is possible for a Policeman to demand money without the knowledge of his superior.
The fare for children over three years and under 12 years shall be charged at half price and those under three years shall not be charged.
The union said that the police have raided the homes not only of the members of the union but also the homes of their families.
Speaking on the revamped websites of Doordarshan News and All India Radio and the NewsOnAIR app, Thakur said that All India Radio has continued to improve during this time of mobile connections and is still improving. a source for getting pertinent news about Government schemes and policies.
Speaking to reporters at the party headquarters, George said that according to a letter sent from the Special Branch of the Assam Police to the Deputy Commissioners and Superintendents of the state police, Assam to take into account the number of churches.
Wherever we went, people said that Modi's money was 500 per minute, 2000 per minute was spent.
Shillong, July 25: A vehicle of the Meghalaya Police has been shot dead at Trongpleng area under Mawsynram Police Station at 2 pm today. According to the latest news received by the SP News Agency, while the police vehicle was passing on the road leading to Balat, a police vehicle was shot dead. No one was injured in the incident.
West Jaintia District has the highest pass percentage with 78.34 percent while North Garo Hills has the lowest pass percentage with 23.88 percent. The Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Thursday decided not to allow anyone to stay overnight in shops in Iewduh.
To implement this order, the office of the District School Education Officer, East Khasi Hills District and all Principals, Registers, and those in charge of schools shall comply with this order.
The event was also enriched by a song by the students of the college along with the testimony of religious leaders, civil society, village headmen who took an active part in the event.
On the Central Government's commitment to the development of the North East, Dr Mandaviya said, “In the past 10 years, there have been attempts to bring it to a unified platform within the North East. country by connecting in all aspects whether it is income, health, roads, rail, I-Ways, river and ropeways among others.
It may be recalled that the ruling MDCs have already sent a letter to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma in the past few months urging the government not to extend the deadline. Shillong, March 5: U Bah Sniawbhlang Dkhar MLA of Nartiang who is also a Minister in the MDA government, on Tuesday said that the Ummulong to Khamduli road has been converted to Harem. In Assam, the National Highway has already been sent to the Central Government.
Arun Kumar Kemphavi, has been appointed as the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District for only 14 months. District.
Shillong, Nailar 12: The BJYM Meghalaya has honored two Kick Boxing stars from Mawmluh Smit who brought glory to the state in the glorious victory of the Kick Boxing Tournament held on 24-30 October. 2017 haka In, Turnistan.
Shillong, November 15: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District on Tuesday said that due to the security situation under Section 144 Cr.
WGH District Police have arrested one suspect involved in the kidnapping and handed him over to the East Khasi Hills District Police this morning for further investigation. you don't have to.
He urged the people especially the youth to learn about the life of PA Sangma, the teachings and principles.
With this in mind, we have estimated that the country will have an economy of $5 trillion.
“Peaceful access to justice is the right of every citizen of the country and the Supreme Court is the one who brings about this,” he said.
When contacted by SP News Agency, the Division Forest Officer of Nongstoin Division said that so far there are about seven people who have submitted their applications and the verification of these applications is ongoing. The Mining Lease shall not be renewed.
According to police, the officer demanded T.5000/- from a power tiller which was delivered by M/s Horizon Marketing Tura to the government.
The CEPA will open up opportunities for skilled people from India to get jobs in the UAE and to become internationally recognized.
Besides the eye treatment, a tree planting ceremony was also held at the village.
It may be recalled that Bah Michel, one of the private individuals, has distributed these aid to the poor families not only in this area but around the villages where he has already distributed the aid.
The NOC of the JHADC to these dewbilat factories has no purpose or benefit to the District Council because the Cement Company does not respect the District Council and does not have any commitment to create jobs. to the youth, to build schools, health centers and also to bring about economic development in these areas where these dewbilat factories are located. of all MDCs to take responsibility to use the powers entrusted to them as dignitaries to participate in bringing about change within the Council and not to rely too much on the State Government.
The removal of this requirement will create employment opportunities for many unemployed people, especially the youth in the country.
The Seng Khasi Mawlai has started its 10th Annual Thanksgiving Festival on Tuesday, 2nd June
It is on this basis that the KSU today held a placard rally to protest against this action of the government.
After a while, the army came to attack and forced to let these workers inside.
As the union, we stand on the basis of the end of uranium mining in the region and we want the government to turn around and think again about the Environmental Clearances issued by the MoEF on uranium mining.
Shillong, July 24: Eight new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Shillong, July 24: Eight cases from East Khasi Hills, two cases from Ri Bhoi and two cases from West Garo Hills have been confirmed positive. there are 15 of them.
Shillong, November 09: Union Minister of State for Textiles and Industry Piyush Goyal together with Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma today opened a shop on a three-day exhibition. lynter within the city of Delhi.
Snehasis Sur, President, Kolkata Press Club and David Laitphlang, President, Shillong Press Club.
Two intellectuals, Pastor Rev JTRS Mawklot and Dr Badaplin War, presented their writings and to clarify the style.
He said what will happen to Smit if the same person is MDC and MLA and if both positions are in Delhi what will happen to the people.
In a meeting with the doctor, the union found and was surprised that many of the residents of the area are afraid to come for injections or medicines.
School children and officers from various departments in Ri Bhoi took part in the programme.
According to various media reports, Dr. Himanta admitted that Mukroh is under the district of West Karbi Anglong, Assam during the Assembly session of Assam.
The CoMSO has decided to hold this protest to demand ILP as a protest in the State as a whole and along with “Direct Action” through the actions that they will take in the future.
The incident occurred after some of the youths from Umlaper village were shot dead by the Assam police who were guarding the gate last night.
If the central government can implement the ILP in Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland, Manipur and Tripura, what is the problem in implementing the ILP in Meghalaya? If it is not the Central Government, it should not speak clearly.
New Delhi, July 18: Heavy rainfall in Meghalaya; heavy rains in parts of Sub-Himalayan West Bengal and Bihar; heavy rains in some parts of Tamil Nadu; Heavy rains have hit parts of Arunachal Pradesh, Tripura, Konkan and Goa, Madhya Maharashtra, Telangana, eastern parts of Karnataka and Rayalaseema.
Shillong, March 31: The High Level Committee on Influx of the State Government today failed to take a decision whether to recommend to the Government to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) or not. The 3-Tier Identity Card system is available in the state.
Bah Titos said they also discussed the markets that the council has such as the market in Byrni and Laitlyngkot where we still need to improve them and also to expand them and the plan to build Mawlai Mawroh at the EC meeting today.
“We had planned to hold the meeting at USTM because the hall is large enough to accommodate more than 3,000 people but unfortunately the Government led by the NPP, UDP and BJP has refused to allow us to attend. permission.
The handover ceremony was led by KSU Mawlai Circle President Biangbor Paliar and KSU Nonglum Unit President Samla Wanstep Dkhar. KSU Nonglum Unit General Secretary Franky Lamin and other members of the KSU Nonglum Unit.
He has written many scripts for Khasi theater plays and films and has also starred in a Khasi film called Sha Ba Sep Ka Sngi and many others.
Shillong, Naitung 12: Police in West West Jaintia Hills District this morning after receiving a tip that a truck carrying cannabis was heading to Guwahati to pass through Meghalaya.
This will support the production and supply of pharmaceuticals by benefiting pharmaceutical manufacturers if they strengthen and expand their operations and will also attract other domestic and foreign pharmaceutical manufacturers. .
Jowai, July 27: Three people have lost their lives due to an electrical fire in a water pipe in Eastern Cape on the 27th of this month. Jaintia Hills District, Meghalaya.
The election will be held on the 13th of November.
It is necessary to work together with the village especially in the field of education so that the leaders or foreigners cannot take advantage of the people.
Replying to a supplementary question by the MLA, the Minister said that the government has no knowledge of the crimes of the KPC. yes on this and the minister replied that the government will look into it.
The Chief Minister said that although they belong to different political parties, they have only one goal and that is to bring peace in the state.
The meeting was attended by officers of the Forest Department of Meghalaya and law enforcement personnel. The meeting was held at the hall of the High Court of Meghalaya in Shillong. Vaidyanathan, Chief Justice, High Court, Meghalaya inaugurated the meeting in the presence of RS Gill, Principal Chief Conservator, Forest Department, Government of Meghalaya.
I started taking care of sports and I thank our Prime Minister, Modiji, I have been able to look after this department and so from the first day, I understand that we must strive hard to make to sports activities," he added.
This was done as part of the preservation of the unique way of life of the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: U Bah David A Nongrum MLA of Mawryngkneng Constituency today passed away at the Catholic Cemetery in Umpling, Shillong.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The cleaning of the Bethany Hospital Shillong has started today and the cleaning is for the entire hospital.
St. Anthony's School came second and Loretto Convent School came third.
“Happy Behdeiñkhlam to all the people of Jaintia Hills”.
The insurgents who tried to escape from the prison are from the ULFA(I), members of the GNLA and members of the HNLC along with other criminals who have committed many crimes.
On the other hand, the ANVC(B) has been accusing the police from time to time of trying to disappear from the ANVC(B) and some of them have not returned since Christmas. and the organization was looking for them, but they could not find them.
These will lead the way in their regions in terms of providing a quality and streamlined, inclusive and enjoyable education, welcoming those who come from diverse backgrounds, looking after the needs to learn different languages, and according to the knowledge that differs from one child to another so that they can contribute to their own education in accordance with the goals of NEP
The Prime Minister said that India is taking its economy to new heights, citing the current challenges including the economic downturn, the global pandemic and disruption in supply chains due to the ongoing war.
There are some youths whose job is to work in the Front Dset related to management but when they get to Bangalore they have to clean the triar, and also they have to work for many hours. and While the income is no longer suitable for the work.
The legislators, if they can't take care of education, the state will never develop," he said.
Treiborlang said that the government should provide Ex Gratia to the families and said that in other states if such incidents happen, the government should not eat food that contains food. Your financial assistance is Ex Gratia.
The meeting was conducted by the member of the committee, Rgh JSR Syiemlieh and the welcome speech was delivered by Rgh KL Mawlong Secretary of the committee. The chief guests were the MLA, President Seiñ Raij Shillong, leaders of the Seiñ Raij Shillong and followed by the members of the Seiñ Raij Shillong.
The ceremony was held at the office of the Kur Mawrie, Laitkor in the presence of Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem, Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Minister Midnightborn Kharlukhi in the presence of Bah Leonard Arun Mawrie, President Dorbar Kur Mawrie. Mawrie, Rangbah Kur, Kur Office Bearers, Kur Women's Wing and Kur Youth Wing.
On the other hand, the ACHIK community and the residents of South Garo Hills have discussed that the second capital of the state should be in Tura and to relocate all the government offices like in Shillong.
Others who go to other hospitals do not need to be informed.
: Leaders of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mawlai Circle on Tuesday received a complaint from the residents who use the road connecting Mawtawar-Mawsiatkhnam-Umrynjah. They inspected the condition of this road which has been dilapidated and which has caused problems to the passengers.
The president of the party said that the party has been in the election cycle not to allow the railway line unless there is a law to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners into the state.
The KHNAM on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem. Shillong Golf Club without a trade licence.
However, one of the shortcomings of the CHC Sohra which has improved in the way it provides services to the people of the area is the lack of an Ambulance. If there is any case, the Incharge of the CHC has already contacted the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to request for another ambulance.
Animal ethics was also reformed at the same time.
The CCIB recently convened a meeting of leaders, landowners from Jaliakhola to Nongkri to discuss the issue of ksainar shiah and all those who attended the meeting did not know anything about it. you're news.
The complaint has been registered under Section 35(04)2024 under Sections 120B/307/427/436/34 of the IPC and R/W Section 3 of the Explosive Substance Act, 1908 and Section 4 of the Prevention Act. of Damage to the Public Property Act, 1984.
Replying to a supplementary question on the Khasi Inheritance Bill, he said that it will be brought into the House so that a Select Committee can be formed to look into it. bill.
The rapid development of the area shows that the Central Government is paying close attention to the development of transportation in the area and the construction of highways in difficult to reach areas.
What the residents know is that this road is very useful because the goods that come from abroad to the market especially fish and pylleng come through this road to enter the market but the road is not open. long is bad.
The Delhi Government has already set up 521 Mohalla Clinics.
In the Khasi language, it is said that the church is destroyed, but this word does not only mean the destruction of the church but also the destruction of the church without understanding the reason.
Please vote for Juliana and vote on this number by sending an SMS 'juli' to 57575. The vote will be open until 8 pm.
The department, once it has received the DRP, will send it to the central government for sanction to start the work.
Other MDCs who spoke at the meeting were KHADC Chairman Teinwell Dkhar and James Sylliang.
In a complaint signed by Election Agent Danny Langstieh, the VPP said that these allegations were made on the 6th and 8th of this month while he was speaking on the election campaign. The VPP has also lodged a complaint against the people who attended the NPP rally against the people just because they called for the shab of the Voice of the People Party (VPP).
At the same time, the state can also be used as a transit point for electricity exports to Bangladesh.
Education is the goal to bring about change in the future of Meghalaya.
Currently, there are 523 students out of which 350 are from North East and 120 are from Meghalaya. these will be full-time doctors.
Shillong, July 07: U Bah Julius Dorphang from Guwahati on the 6th of this month was arrested by the Meghalaya Police and brought to Shillong today. The case is at the police station.
All vehicles must comply with the rules and regulations and violators will be punished according to the law, according to an order issued by the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District.
“I have received a letter from DSEL approving my appointment, but many times I have gone to the DSEO, Mawkyrwat but he has not given me the appointment letter. I can't give it,” said Marbaniang.
Nine lockers have also been set up in the banks.
In his speech, the Adviser and Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States, expressed his support for the speech of Dr H Shrikant, HOD, Pol School, NEHU, one of the special guests. The enactment of a law must have the approval of the people in order for that law to be effective.
The school children also carried flags to protest against the opening of the liquor shop, in which the schools in these two villages had to be closed to protest against the proposal to open the liquor shop. This shop is still near the church and school in these villages.
As of 31st November this year, 110 people have been attempted to be kidnapped by the robbers. The kidnapping was to demand money from the family members.
He said he regretted that life-saving supplies such as medicines, vaccines and medical supplies were turned into weapons when the pandemic was still strong.
On the other hand, the District Administration of West Khasi Hills District under the leadership of ADC PD Sangma together with the Sub-Divisional Police Officer, Mawshynrut, Bah I.Kharkhongor, MPS immediately rushed to the scene. Let's see what happens.
If you count, the Government has exploited you.
The SP of East Khasi Hills District said that they will not disclose at present as the investigation is ongoing, but they have started to search for those suspected to be involved in the incident. tell others.
Hamarsing said the two-day festival is called 'Thymmei' and in foreign languages ​​it is known as 'Celebration the Essence of the Land' traditional song and traditional dance and competition of Nai Khatsaw Synia and Thei Samla Kukhimai.
Shillong, March 13: The President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, Bah Ernest Mawrie, on Tuesday said that the introduction of the PM-DevINE scheme will benefit the state.
: Hundreds of residents of Narpuh area have thrown ja in the middle of the National Highway-6 to launch a protest by blocking the road indefinitely since Tuesday morning.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The NEC Shillong, IIM Shillong and the DoNER Department have signed a MoU to continue the operation of the Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam Centre. 13-02-2024 at NEC Secretariat, Shillong and the DoNER Department has joined hands through a weblink.
At 10.30 pm, the speaker will be Revd IK Kharshiing, while at 1.30 pm, the speaker will be Revd MS Shadap, Retired Senior Pastor of Ri-Bhoi Synod.
In a statement, the Deputy Secretary of the Executive Committee of the Hima Sohiong said that Bashemphang Thabah has been removed from the post of Lyngdoh of Sohiong Hima according to this rule.
The CoMSO also demanded that unrepresented tribes should not be allowed to be appointed as MDCs and the Dorbar Shnongs should not be transformed by introducing village councils and municipal councils.
Shangpliang said that this year's theme is “Innovation for Girls Education”. Other speakers who attended the event were CN, Marak, Deputy Director. LM Monin, Assistant Director of Social Welfare, and K Marbaniang, District Social Welfare Officer, East Khasi Hills.
Hockey is a popular sport in the state and many players in the past years have left Assam to compete in various tournaments, but there is no hockey field. This game has begun to disappear in the state.
Besides,, you have broken social contracts and broken treaties in all the monarchical States.
Today, the teachers under the leadership of FASTOM gathered at Madan Malki and marched to the MBOSE office in Lachumiere, while other teachers turned to the Secretariat. The teacher went to the Secretariat but the teacher didn't listen.
The collaboration with the Meghalaya Institute of Entrepreneurship (MIE) which is known as the former PMU has established strong relationships with the farmers of the state and has helped them to purchase agricultural products from across the state and to modify them and resell them outside.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has laid a wreath at the statue at the State Central Library Shillong where the President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Robert June Kharjahrin has delivered a speech. .
He said that the existence of this railway line has helped a lot to make it easier for the people to travel. He said that Mendipathar to Guwahati can go in the morning and come back in the evening and the fare is only T. tyngka and has made it easier for the farmers to send their produce.
The Chief Minister said that what the government can do is to inform the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government. reporters at his residence today.
The number of households to receive this assistance will be 50,000 and at present the area under cultivation of syieng in the state is only 10,000 hectares. This is to increase the income of the farmers in the state.
The Minister of Home Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, while addressing the House on the incident which happened last night in Resubelpara of North Garo Hills in which three persons were injured in a shooting incident. The injured were identified as Milseng Sangma, 35, Tubal Sangma, 29, and Janrak Sangma,
There will be a special arrangement to visit the two new and unique bridges in Meghalaya.
This is not done under the supervision of the Meghalaya Pollution Control Board so that the use of plastic will not cause any pollution to the environment.
Shillong, November 17: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War today said that 69 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 61 in East Garo Hills and 2 in Ri. Bhoi 2, West Garo Hills 1, West Khasi Hills 1, the total number of cases is
Shillong, Lber 11: The Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Meghalaya Government today informed the public that the tests have been completed on a patient at NEIGHRIMS and found not to be infected with COVID-1 19.
The Chief Minister said it is an honor for the state that the President of India Draupadi Murmu will attend the Raj Bahvan which was inaugurated today during her visit to Tura on the 15th. /1/2024.
The ban on coal mining has been in place since June 2014 but the government has not done anything in this regard to arrange for the protection of the minorities. According to the order, all the remaining coal will be confiscated by the government after the 15th of this month.
Before it is too late, the union urges the Meghalaya government to look into the problems and needs of the border residents of the state and to provide for their needs as demanded by the Karbi Pnar Peace Committee. the Government of Assam.
He said that he is from this area and he knows the opportunities in this area.
If the government implements the delimitation, it will be a challenge for all those in various government departments to do so because the time is short and the challenge will be especially for the Deputy Commissioners of the Districts.
The opening ceremony was held for several years now, but due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the public has been closed. to the people.
The DC urged the people to cooperate with the government to fight against the spread of COVID-1
The purpose of this leadership for the students is to understand the presence of different people in this country and through the meeting will bring about a sense of closeness among the citizens of this great country.
Dr. Ricky received 571,078 votes while Vincent H Pala received 199,168 votes against the INC candidate. The UDP received 44,563 votes.
The Chief Guest was the Symbud Myntri of the State Government, Sniawbhalang Dhar.
These are the aspirations of the country.
"said Mr. Niangti.
On this occasion, the Minister of State who is also the MLA of this area distributed awards to the farmers of this area who have worked in the fields of cattle, rice, goats and We are.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: The Meghalaya Public Service Commission on Tuesday conducted the Meghalaya Civil Service Examination for 35 posts and 24,943 candidates wrote the examination. all in Shillong and Tura.
Speaking to reporters, Thomas Passh, President of the Youth Wing of KHNAM, said that this incident was due to the mismanagement of MeECL.
Those who attended were prominent figures from the area, elders and mothers.
One person has been confirmed from West Jaintia Hills District today, bringing the total number of recoveries in the state since the outbreak of COVID-10 to
Shillong, Naitung 09: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Education Cell CEC, on Tuesday congratulated the Education Department of the State Government for issuing the decision and order to urge the schools, colleges and universities in the state to do so. online admission form is available free of charge for class 11 students as well as for UG and PG students who are awaiting their examination results.
On her resumption as Minister of Finance, she expressed her gratitude to the Prime Minister of India for allowing her to re-appoint her in this capacity. it shall not be under my jurisdiction.
These schemes include the distribution of tin sop, the maintenance of houses and many others. Last month, the Cleaning Drive program was launched in Iewpyngkat Iooksi.
The places where the KSU has raised the banners are at the Secretariat and Khyndai Lad where the police have removed them within a short period of time.
Other issues discussed at the EC meeting included the strengthening of the Information Technology of the Council, the strengthening of the Ri Dohkha Department. which has increased the land registration fee from T.10 to T.
Shillong, Nailar 18: The Public Works Department (PWD) has sent a request to the Commerce and Industry Department to increase the price of roads. of the cost of construction of the Borsora road.
The Ministry of Ports, Shipping and Waterways, through its Gati Shakti Research Chair, has confirmed its key role in advancing the objectives of Gati Shakti.
In the presence of the Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong.
Later, the HYC leaders met with the Chief Executive Officer of the Shillong Cantonment Board (SCB) where he informed that within the Cantonment Board there are two authorities in charge of the land. The Defense Estate Officer with his office in Guwahati, Assam.
“You the village see only these two shortcomings, but on my part, I see many shortcomings in all aspects.
The Government should set up special courts in all districts.
The deadline for submission of nominations is
At the same time, the Federation of Khasi States has authorized Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Spokesperson, to prepare a resolution and send it to the Federation of Khasi States. KHADC and the State Government to approve in the Assembly and District Council Session as part of the demand from the Government of India to implement all the provisions of the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement approved and signed by the Government of India on August 1948, and if these authorities do not give a clear answer, the Federation of Khasi States will not hesitate to appeal and demand and meet again with the Government of India to urge it not to wait for a reply from them. The authorities because their silence is because they are not the owners of the work and it is clear that they have nothing to say on these agreements to protect the Ri Khasi States.
In the letter, the Mission Director informed that the Nongstoin Maternity and Child Health Hospital will be provided with new equipment in due course.
Shillong, June 06: The Mawkhar Dorbar Shnong today honored Roshan Warjri MLA of Shillong North for being the Minister of Home Affairs in Meghalaya. The first woman since the independence of Meghalaya.
The use of mining machines is not only a violation of the court order but also damages the environment and endangers the lives of pedestrians.
“We have come here today to plant the seeds of income for the future. The Prime Minister has acknowledged that this region is still lagging behind. In many ways, he congratulated the leaders of SWKH District who have cooperated with the government to improve the district”.
The BSF will do its utmost to prevent the smuggling of cattle into the country.
Shillong, Nailar 14: In his speech on the eve of Independence Day, the President of India, Shillong, on Tuesday said that the uniqueness of India is the mutual respect for the customs and traditions of other ethnic groups. can you Ri.
The Police Commemoration Day was celebrated on the 21st of March, as it was on this day that 40 policemen sacrificed their lives to defend their country in the fight against the Chinese army. in 1959 to protect the border of the country.
Those who attended the opening ceremony were the Additional District Commissioner, Bah.
He is the brother of Bah SK Sun, Chief Engineer, Water Supply Department, Meghalaya.
Police have arrested the soldier of 58 GTC and charged him under section 3(a)/4/17 of the POCSO Act, said SP City.
Shillong, March 03: BSF troops of the 4 Battalion in Meghalaya today seized drugs worth T.15 lakh on the border with Meghalaya. East Khasi Hills District.
Over the past three years, the changing nature of the virus has threatened the health of people around the world and in this way has affected every country.
In a statement, Bah Rumnong urged the people of this constituency to support him in the MDC election for the sake of winning the election. n serve the people and especially in terms of preserving their customs and traditions.
This has freed the couples who have been registered within the church from having to register again with the Marriage Officers.
Otherwise, the Seng urges the people to come forward.
This increasing power outage has caused serious problems to the working methods of the public as well as to the students who need to do online classes from their villages due to this lockdown.
Shillong, Nailur 10: There have been 188 new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District today, according to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. Hills 101, West Khasi Hills 44 cases, 2007 cases.
On the other hand, the party will support the resolution of the border if the two governments, the governments of Assam and Meghalaya decide to the people which state they want to live in. The party wants the state to have a sufficient border for the people on the border with Assam.
He said the Minister has promised the KSU that she, together with the Chief Minister Conrad K. Sangma will take up this issue in New Delhi.
He urged the people not to instill party differences in them as this is very dangerous.
Answering additional questions, the EM said that they cannot be known because the release of the san shyieng was done inside the court.
It is due to this lack of funds that the publishers are unable to publish the books set by the MBOSE because the price is too low.
The Government has taken many measures to prevent the killing and trafficking of wildlife. To do this, there is a need for cooperation between the Government and the people. hazard.
All the people from all over the area are invited to take part in the 25th Anniversary Celebration of the Dorbar Kur Warjri.
He said that once the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly returns, the BAC will be called to set the dates for the price.
That's impossible," he added.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Umsning Circle on the morning of 25th June 2021 has continued to distribute relief goods to two families who have been slung at Lumroman Umsning.
The UFBU will also hold a two-day strike on the 15th and 16th of this month to protest against the central government not to hand over the banks. private companies.
Regarding the problem faced by MeECL, they urged the Corporation to appoint more staff to work together to ensure the provision of light in all the villages. to ensure that there is a cooperation from the villages and branches of MeECL to ensure the smooth delivery of electricity.
The government is in talks to get trains and planes to transport the people of the state who are still stranded.
The members of the committee include MSN Marak, MCS, Joint Secretary, Presiding Officer, E Jala, Superintendent. and KJ Nongbet, Senior UDA as members of the committee.
They said that at present due to lack of funds they have not been able to use the IT books properly in various departments.
“It was also alleged that the allowance of these private vehicles to operate in the district is not only illegal but also affects the income of those local taxi drivers, who have already operated according to the rules. the provisions of the Motor Vehicle Act 1988 for the purpose of qualifying as public transport vehicles.
Foreign employees have been registered for 179 days and 30 days before the expiry of the term of employers who have to renew to register for their employees and the registration fee is T.50 tyngka. alone.
The people of Garo Hills have understood the work of this government that they will completely reject the Congress party.
Many of the residents said that the power outage is high while the bill has increased.
This ritual for those who belong to the household will continue until the sad house and the house of the Lyngdoh will also complete it but to get the color of Khnong Blai is doubtful, but other rituals will continue according to those days only. thanksgiving and prayers, even if they cannot be done, all the rituals are completed.
On this night, it was seen that many households had lit various lights in their homes to celebrate this festival of Diwali and there was a gift of food to friends and neighbours.
CB Syiem and his followers were welcomed by leading BJP leaders including BJP Ri Bhoi District President Skhem B Swett, State Vice President Evreris Marsing. CB Syiem is a former MDC of Nongpoh Constituency from the Congress Congress. He left the Congress party in 2017 and joined the NPP party and contested the MLA election in 2018 from the NPP party which he was defeated by Mayral Born Syiem.
He encouraged Meghalaya to become a center in India to produce players like Aiborlang Khongjee, Ujinson Lyngdoh who have represented India in football. He said that the football stadium which he inaugurated today will help the state in this field.
At the same time, he said that they should be self-disciplined to get health.
Regarding the UPSC's selection of Idashisha Nongrang IPS, the Governor of Meghalaya has approved the appointment of this IPS officer of 1992 as the DGP of Meghalaya. Dr. Lajja Ram Bishnoi IPS 1991 was born on the occasion of his death.
On the other hand, the JJA leaders said that this is not for their own benefit but for the benefit of the people.
He said that according to the government's explanation, the roster will have a section for Khasi and Jaintia and Garo friends as well as unreserved category.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People Nartiang Unit today met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh to discuss the issue of upgrading the PHC Nartiang to PHC Nartiang. Community Health Center and also to provide full time doctors and nurses at this hospital.
At the time of writing of this news at 1:45 pm, the members of the party did not leave the scene and carried placards to continue the shouting of slogans against the MDA Government. Lumdiengjri Police Station on Tuesday summoned the Working President of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYM) Bah Donlang Nongbri for his speech at a public meeting held on 23rd November. 2022 at Mukroh village, West Jaintia Hills District by calling for the formation of a rebel group in the state due to the anger of the state government for not taking action on the incidents in the border villages until it has caused the suffering of Four residents of Mukroh village were shot dead by the Assam Police.
Pokhriyal said India, the largest democracy in the world, is empowered by our Constitution, paving the way for the empowerment of the people at the lowest level in the world. community.
These people pretend to drop letters or anything else in front of the bank which they want to rob while they are walking. which they intended to rob and when they stopped the others were picking up the bag containing the money.
Sanbor said that if the BJP can lead the government in the state, it will bring a policy to provide employment opportunities to the students. You must leave the state to work abroad.
Paul Lyngdoh also promised that the Social Welfare Department will also hold a third meeting to invite the Dorbar Shnongs and Senghalangs to discuss this issue.
The fire was first spotted by the chowkidar of the office and the residents who rushed to the scene and immediately informed the fire brigade.
If the law doesn't do anything, we have to show it by force.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: On 11th June, 2024 at 12:05 pm, BSF troops on the India-Bangladesh border in Hawaitila saw a man walking towards Lakroh Nala, near well with the border with Bangladesh.
The Election Committee has directed all units, circles and district units to submit the names of 10 voters from each unit by 31st July, 2017 at the party office in Jaiaw.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: U Bah Mandal Summer, who has filed a PIL in the Meghalaya High Court regarding the appointment of 17 Parliamentary Secretaries by the government, has filed a PIL against the appointment of 17 Parliamentary Secretaries. He today met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Ganga Prasad to demand the removal of the MLAship of 17 Parliamentary Secretaries.
In a statement of condolences, the KSU said that the sudden passing away of this young man who shared the same responsibility to serve the country and the nation, is a great loss not only to the family of but the whole body.
Speaking briefly on the status of the District Council, the new CEM said why there is this suggestion that the District Council should be abolished. to find out why this statement occurs.
During the two-day discussion on new steps towards a brighter future, the people should not forget that human beings are also the protectors and caretakers of this planet which they have been empowered to care for. For the sake of the future generation, it is the duty of all of us to take responsibility for doing so.
" The Minister said that food and food related industries in the North East have the potential to play a major role in economic growth and there are only a few regions that do not have such a ladder.
In 2019, the turnout was 71.42 per cent in Shillong and 81.38 per cent in Tura.
Out of the 58 MLAs in the House, 20 belong to the Congress party in the opposition. Adelbert Nongrum, although he did not support anyone, will sit in the opposition.
“Please be informed that there is no Registration Fee charged by the TVC. The office has received a complaint from the MGSPHSVA. Saleng A. Sangma, MP from Tura Parliamentary Constituency, on Friday met with AICC President Mallikarjun. Kharge in Delhi to congratulate him.
Speaking at the ceremony were Minister Kharlukhi, Minister Langstieh, Basan Nongumlong, Bah Thwel Manik Syiem, Chief Syem of Mylliem.
According to the order, the District Magistrate said that he had received information that some trucks carrying mawshun were passing from Umdud to Zero Point Road, which is the road leading to Majai Land Custom Stations (LCS). to the residents of Majai.
The purpose of this meeting was to train the farmers in the use of modern documents.
More than 7,32,057 people have hypertension and more than 5,28,563 people have diabetes and more than 11,56,927 people have been referred to tertiary hospitals.
According to the arrangement with the State Government, the Tourism Department of the State Government and the District Council of KHADC, the festival should be held on the 22nd, 23rd and 24th of June. kiar was postponed to the 7th, 8th, 9th of October.
At the same time, they could not produce proper documents regarding the smuggling of sugar. The BSF seized the sugar and arrested two Indians. The BSF has handed over the ship to the Customs at Bholaganjban.
He said that the Meghalaya Milk Mission was established on the basis that there is a shortage of jobs and milk production. The ICAR has found that the milk production in the state is low. This will help the state to buy Dud from outside the state.
The Rangbah Shnong has sustained serious injuries and is admitted to Woodland Hospital Shillong.
Shillong, Iaiong 26: A day after the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) visited the area where the houses were illegally installed by the police at Lum Survey and found that the ring lights were illegally installed in these houses, the MeECL today visited the area. They searched the area and found that the illegal light was from Ajmera Marbable shop.
The Governor of Telangana, Tamil Nadu, Union Ministers Narendra Singh Tomarbad and G. Kishan Reddy were also present on the occasion.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said that the resources for the treatment of serious diseases have brought about new hospitals and opened many opportunities for those working in their own fields related to health. teachers, investors and those who have been trained in the field.
Workers working in cities like Delhi and other cities walk hundreds of kilometers to reach their hometowns like Bihar, U.P. and other states.
Shillong, Nailur 02 : U Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui in his meeting today decided to write to the University Grant Commission to postpone the examinations. of Under Graduate and Graduate in April
At the same time, Marak strongly criticized the Ministry of Home Affairs of the state government for not doing anything on his demand which he has written from time to time to set up an AD Camp. police in this area but the government has not done anything.
Referring to the demands of the workers, Bah Parait said that although the government cannot grant all the demands of the workers, the government has granted the most important demands to the workers. The state has made progress in many ways but there are many areas that the state still has to play.
Mawkyrwat, Naiwieng 15: Thousands of people from Mawsaw area today benefited from the Health MELA organized by the National Rural Health Mission of West Khasi Hills District in Nongstoin.
Today, 23 cases have been recovered from East Khasi Hills, 22 cases from Ri Bhoi, 7 cases from East Khasi Hills, 8 cases from Ri Bhoi and 8 cases from South West Khasi Hills. Hills 3, East Jaintia Hills 1, West Jaintia Hills 1.
The Khasi Hills is a unique country, it has Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Hima, Dorbar Kur. owner of the pute land, we have many resources, but unfortunately we cannot dig".
He said that the present government wants to abolish not only the TGCSU but also all the civil society organizations in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: Despite the arrest of many smugglers of cattle to Bangladesh by the BSF, the smuggling continues and the BSF today arrested 25 cattle from Lyngkhat.
Shillong, Lber 20: The Indian Metrological Department (IMM) has warned that heavy rainfall is expected in some parts of the country tomorrow morning. of the state of Meghalaya.
He said we should plan to take India's fashion technology industry to markets around the world.
The song itself encourages the listeners and especially those who live a life of anxiety to fight and try to live a healthy life.
Answering a supplementary question by Bah George, the Minister said that once the allowance is completed, the government will pay the new allowance and the rest will be paid.
This day is to commemorate the first Prime Minister of India, Pt.
Shillong, March 15: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Meghalaya, met with the Union Minister of Tourism, Alphons Kannanthanam in Delhi today.
The scheme will be funded 90% by the Central Government.
As a public leader, he has done many memorable deeds in his public service.
He said that the meeting was held under the IBDLP scheme, which includes nine themes.
Process said that the number of buses parked in Shillong from one state to another is more than 100 and once this parking lot is completed, it will help to relieve the traffic jam. I'm going to Shillong.
On the other hand, Dr. Bom expressed his gratitude to the Mawhati BCC even though they have not had their own Congress MLA for 10 years. but they are not in the Party.
He said that before the Central Government can approve the scheme for Meghalaya, it needs to get the approval of the Cabinet and the Cabinet has approved the scheme to be implemented in Meghalaya.
The cleaning of this road was funded by the World Bank.
The Blood Bank was inaugurated by Dr RC Laloo Symbud Chief Minister of Meghalaya together with Dr AL Hek Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya. Superintendent of Jowai Civil Hospital, PS Dkhar welcomed the guests. Hopeful Bamon MLA and Juston Dkhar MLA also welcomed the guests. DHS Research of the Government of Meghalaya said that the Blood Bank needs to provide blood from time to time. Banks cannot store blood for more than 42 days. Therefore, you must donate blood to the Blood Bank from time to time.
Shillong, June 14: The 2024 MP elections in Meghalaya will end on 17th June 2024. The state has two MP constituencies to the Lok Sabha, 1-Shillong (ST). ) and 2-Tura (ST) Parliamentary Constituency.
He said the NEC Year Book – 2024 was released today.
This was also part of the implementation of Aatmanirbar Bharat, which is to raise awareness of this scheme in this new district.
