Jowai, Naiwieng 14: As with children across the country; Children from Jokai township also took part in the Children's Day which was held at the office of SURE at the Unitarian Church, Jowai.
In tribute to the success of the film, Shetty said that people should have faith in themselves and the work they do, only then can people do a good job.
As it is now, India has moved forward in terms of the use of computers, as it is now, computer books are used in any job, whether in banks. or anything else.
Dozens of residents of Mawkynrew Constituency on Thursday turned to the residence of Mawkynrew MLA Banteidor Lyngdoh after the President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit. The State Government has been silent on the demand to convene a special session of the Legislative Assembly to review and revise the State Reservation Policy.
For the information of the public, the government should release the names of the IAS officers and political party leaders as mentioned in the CBI letter. the CBI will investigate.
After the opposition left, the Chairman conducted the House on the remaining issues.
ASHAs are hard workers in the villages, but the lack of proper payment has put them in difficulty to look after their families. The CEM of KHADC urges the government to pay them. Shillong, July 07: Shillong: Today, land vendors from all over the Shillong government have walked to Motphran despite knowing that the government is still extending the dam closure until the 14th. This month to prevent the spread of COVID-1
On the other hand, the MLA urged the Prime Minister to pay the money to them.
“We are still talking to them (HNLC).
Speaking to u SP News Agency, one of the shopkeepers said that not only people from the state, but also foreigners, come to buy mula from this place, but there are also foreigners, and even foreigners, when they pass by. , they stop to see and buy the mules.
“The Deep Sea Mission has the potential to contribute significantly to India's economic growth,” said Dr Jitendra Singh. plant, view of deep sea areas.
The implementation of this scheme will not be monitored by the Central Government in those Districts which have already been selected.
Shillong, March 21: Thrina Suchen of Lama village in East Jaintia Hills has given one day to the Rangbah Shnong of Shillong, Bah Tellme Dong to explain regarding her eviction according to a letter. from the office of the Deputy Commissioner.
Vehicles carrying jhur from all over the country, such as Smit, Shillong, Ri Bhoi District and Mylliem had to park their vehicles near Rihno and opposite Arunachal Bhavan.
Shillong, Nailar 31: Members of the State Development Reform Commission (SDRC) led by Chairman BR Sangma in the presence of SR Marak Co-Chairman, together with members of the State Development Reform Commission (SDRC) Visit the West Khasi Hills District.
According to sources, it is understood that there is only one contractor who has applied for the tender for the project and this has put the PWD in a difficult position whether to call the tender again. or shall award this work to a contractor who has not been appointed.
We don't know exactly why this happens and if all the doctors have to explain or tell this I believe that no one will take medicine or don't drink medicine.
Lassi Lamin, General Secretary HNYF, said that the HNYF is still standing firmly against the government's plan to open this market in Tamabil. Without visiting this place as it has visited other places, without providing the necessities, and this shows that it is stingy to us the people who live here in this border area. .
It is sad to know that from five years to the next five years, the leaders have been making promises and speaking deceitful words to the residents of Nongpoh Constituency.
So far, the goat pox vaccine has been found to be effective against LSD and the funds to purchase the goat pox vaccine have been provided to the states and UTs under ASCAD. /According to the requirements under the ASCAD to purchase Goat Pox Vaccine to vaccinate against Lumpy Skin Disease (LSD).
This was announced by Lasting Pala, Head of Umkiang Village and Nicolas Lyngdoh, Secretary.
Speaking on the training, he said, “I and the department are committed to developing the farmers and this training is to know how to use or work.
According to sources, the fighting between the three men was a fight.
Dr Sanmiet said that they hope that in the future they will be able to restore the reputation of the hospital and will be more determined to provide services to the sick with compassion and love for all.
SHILLONG FEB., 19; A group of 100 youths led by Bah Bobby Wahlang and Bah KR Nongbri as State Escorting Officers left Shillong today to take part in the Assam North East Youth. Festival in Guwahati.
Replying to a supplementary question, the Minister of State for Forests said that according to the estimates, Meghalaya has 3,90,000 lakh hectares of unused land. it does not look specifically at protecting the environment.
The visit of Congress leaders especially Dr Mukul Sangma was to meet with the people on the mid-term elections which the ECI has not yet announced.
“Expressing the reason why the Union has conveyed its demands to the Government, Bah Kharraswai said, “Since the NHM, Meghalaya has agreed to operate the EMRI-108, we have never received any more any benefits, including leave, medical insurance and provident fund.
He said that as of now, the biggest threat is the pollution of the Ganol River if it cannot be prevented from flowing, because the city is still growing and like NEHU, police station, the village. To provide water to the people, there should be a water supply system like the Mawphlang Dam.
At the same time, he said that the government is the pathfinder but what remains is up to the land owners who are the owners of the land to maintain.
The Minister of PWD, Justine and Stephanson took part in the distribution of the certificates.
On the part of the new Waheh Shnong of Iooksi, Bah Histokrist Pachiang, he congratulated all the residents of Iooksi who have elected him as the new Waheh Shnong of Iooksi.
There is hope now because the KHADC authorities have set up a committee to look into the IOA & AA and the Forest Act, Mining Act, Tong Shiap Act, which have emerged and extended the powers of all three ADCs. in the state of Meghalaya.
The death toll has risen to 1118 with 1 death in East Jaintia Hills, 5 in East Khasi Hills, 1 in South West Khasi Hills, 1 in West Garo Hills and
The JSU expresses its appreciation to the C&RD Block Lakein Office for this service to the people and especially to the VECs of various villages who have worked hard to implement this Scheme in the right manner. It is a good example for other Block Offices and other villages to follow.
On the other hand, the security forces have tightened security measures to ensure that such an incident does not happen again.
For Group C employees of the Central Government and also for the Army, they can withdraw salary in cash from the offices up to T.10,000/- for this person. Naiwieng and this amount will be arranged at the time of payment of their salaries.
Almost all the police chiefs of the state were present to pay their last respects to him as their chief.
Answering this question, CEM of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid said that after the MHA has ordered to write to the Ministry of Tribal Affairs, it has been two months since they sent a letter to Minister Arjun Munda. They also asked for land and money to build a house in Delhi.
“Our work is always about protecting the rights of children.
The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) on Saturday requested the Government to drop the criminal cases registered against its leaders and members so that it can move forward. the peace talks.
Therefore, it is the duty of the government and also of each and every citizen to join hands in this case to eradicate these crimes.
By promoting women's participation in environmental initiatives and decision-making, we can work better in climate change prevention and natural resources conservation.
He said that the influx of foreigners into the state has affected the livelihood of the indigenous people.
Of those who smoke these types of cigarettes, 90% use those that contain menthol.
Shillong, July 09: The Mawhati Constituency People's Committee (MCPC) has urged the Mawhati Constituency People's Committee (MCPC) to expedite the case of Badariti Lyngdoh Nonglait. The trial of their MLA Bah Julius who has been arrested so that the people can fulfill their duties because without an MLA has put them in a big trouble.
Shillong, Nailar 13: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) of North Khasi Hills District on Tuesday said that they have no objection to the non-residents but what they want is to get a Deputy Commissioner. of Ri Bhoi District is not known.
Speaking to reporters after leaving Sohra Police Station, Pandora said, “They (police) came to my house at 10 o'clock, 10 o'clock.
He said that the World Health Organization (WHO) has identified about 25,000 articles published around the world in the last 30 years. It has been conducted and has examined the writings of scientists before concluding that radiation from mobile towers has no effect on human health.
“The more you accuse and sin, the stronger we are because knowledge goes hand in hand on the basis of righteousness and truth”.
Smit, July 30: The meeting was chaired by John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MIDC, Chairman, Spokesperson, G Mylliemngap, Lyngskor. , Minister of State, Mr. B Sohtun, Minister of State, Mr. J Khongwir, Minister of State, Mr. H Mylliempdah, Mr. T Nongrum, Minister of State, Mr. M Lyngdoh, Mr. Raid Mawshai, Hima Khyrim, and many Raid Sordars, Basan Raids, Raid Syiems, Raid Priests, Rangbah Shnongs, Village Secretaries, Elders, Youth Leaders and Chiefs from various Villages and Raids of the Hima Khyrim, to speak on the Fourth Special Peoples Parliament.
The swearing-in ceremony will be held at 11 am.
This mother has also earned a reputation for being a good person.
It was only the Home Minister, Kong Roshan, who said that the government had to talk to the central government.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, he urged the government to expedite the recruitment of those who have passed the MTET examination. There are 1670 students in Lower Primary and 2900 students in Lower Primary School.
During the meeting with Kong Agnes, they said that as the residents of Lumrit since the beginning of the case, they have been on the side of the Sordar and have nothing to do with the opposition group. to the Sorcerer.
“The goal of Medulance is to implement 5G in ambulances, and to install GPS in ambulances.
The Employment Monitoring Cell of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Tuesday met with the Dean of the College of Agriculture, Umiam to seek clarification on the release of the post of Library Assistant.
ITC says that as a company, it wants to provide the public with truly fruit-based juice, not merely colored juice. The method of making umsoh through the department in charge of the production of umsoh beverages will provide the best to the people.
Dondee Khongsit has sworn in the new office bearers of the FKJGP-War Jaintia Circle.
Regarding the muster roll employees under the Horticulture Department and other government departments, many of them have not yet received their salaries. their salary until the end of this letter.
At the same time, they expressed their gratitude to the SDO of Sohra Civil Sub Division for taking the initiative to convene the dorbar to elect the ration distributor as promised on 4th November
About four shops selling food items such as rice, jhur and other items have been flooded.
KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar praised the bravery of Syiem Tirot Singh who fought against the Dohlieh for the sake of the nation and did not accept to become a slave Syiem to be ruled by the French.
By ringing light in this way, it also disrupts the electricity supply in the village and causes injury if there is any mistake and which can lead to the loss of lives. person.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Sohiong Circle on Thursday informed the State Government about the problems and shortcomings related to the Sohiong Community Health Center (CHC).
When the report was submitted to the Government, it found that it was not implementable to prevent the influx of foreigners.
We started with Sabka Saath-Sabka Vikas, but after five years, people have changed the mindset of the country to Sabka Vishwas.
In this regard, the Chief Minister said that the police should do whatever is necessary to ensure that the people involved in this incident should be arrested to ensure that such incidents do not happen. happen more.
She was shot dead by foreign police in Tamluk, Bengal, while holding a mass march.
Pig farmers should inform the doctors of the state veterinary department if there is an unexplained death of pigs.
When the four organizations met with the Minister of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, the discussion was pleasant and the Minister promised that those names that have come up will be considered again.
Sanjeeb Kumar Bajoria, owner of the factory, said he received the information at about 12:30 pm while he was in Guwahati.
We have had people who are very good at music and singing like Bhupen Hazarikabut a beautiful song doesn't matter the age.
Replying, the Chief Minister said that out of the 38 EMRS schools, only two have been completed. to the places of the people.
India has a major role to play in the search for solutions to the world's problems to ensure overall well-being in the faith in VasudhaivaKutumbakam.
A Yoga Quiz – Guess the Aasan will also be conducted.
What will be remembered in the heritage of the Seng Khasi Kmie is his understanding and understanding of the sacred Lum Sohpetbneng.
Shillong, Naitung 20: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) of Mawlai Circle today welcomed the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma at the opening ceremony of the Mawlai Community and Rural Development Block (MYC) at Lumawsiang, Mawtawar. Inner Line Permit should not be implemented in the state.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate the Sickle Cell Anemia Elimination Mission in Madhya Pradesh on 1st November,
The Australian Consul General Ms Rowan Ainsworth, today 29 Nov 2023 at 5 pm met with the Podium Finish Committee of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) to discuss the activities of the Talent Identification Program (TID), Elite. Pathway Program (EPP) and the Super Elite Pathway Program (SEPP).
Speaking to u SP News Agency, President of the Federation, Bah Suklang Dkhar, said that there will be 11 teams from Uttar Pradesh, Maharashtra, Meghalaya, Rajasthan, Assam, Tamil Nadu, Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh, Kerala, Madhya Pradesh and Gujarat.
The question of the residents whether this incident is due to the negligence of MeECL who is in charge of this area has not done their duty to look after the ring lights inside the houses. sem inside this village.
The three bills are the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Regulation Bill, 2020, the Khasi Hills Autonomous District (Regulation and Administration of Land) Bill, 2020 and the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Bill. District (Solid Waste Management ) Bill, 2020.
Through the EPP, 14,500 children have come to showcase their talents across the state and out of these, about 200 have been selected for this programme.
The festival will be held at Kurkalang Square, Bhoirymbong from 17th to 19th November.
Police have taken the injured to Tirot Singh Memorial Civil Hospital, Mairang.
The appointment of Consultants is in two categories, 65 Consultants for Central Government Schemes, such as PMGSY, Smart City and other Central Government Schemes, while 59 Consultants for Central Government Schemes. For schemes from abroad, their appointment is not prescribed in the schemes.
The Governor was welcomed by the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Arunkumar Kembhavi and the Superintendent of Police, Bah GD Kharwanlang.
“Through our cooperation, we have established the International Solar Alliance in front of the world and today, many countries are still members of the International Solar Alliance.
“In fact, as Chairman, he should first complete the question hours and complete the List of Business first and then bring the No Confidence Motion later.
A total of 10,9518 samples have been taken so far, 104937 have tested negative, 1134 results are pending and 35,237 have returned to the state.
He said that everyone should read about Swami Vivekananda to get encouragement and move forward in life.
Khliehriat, Lber, 16: The East Jaintia Youth Welfare Organization (EYWO) has strongly condemned the murder of (L) Ebamon Siangshai, a Class X student. , Wapungskur Higher Secondary School, Wapung, Pamrakmai, East Jaintia Hills, has been found dead by bloodthirsty people in the past few days. Kilo, Dkhiah East, East Jaintia Hills, on the evening of the 13th of this month.
In his monthly 'Mann Ki Baat' address, the Prime Minister of India has expressed his gratitude to the consecration of Mary Thresia. It is a pride for the people of India which will be consecrated on the 13th of this month by Pope Francis.
The names of these deacons who were ordained today are: Deacon Donbosco Kharmawlong, Deacon Primus Syiem, Deacon Pyndeilang Khonghlad, Deacon Starlight Khongsit, Deacon Michael Khongngain, Deacon Ksankupar Khongwar, Deacon Richard Louis Rapthap. zinc saline.
On the occasion, the Chief Secretary (CS) of the State, Bah DP Wahlang, also launched the Civil Service Award in the state which is similar to the National Civil Service Award to honor the officers of the state.
Shillong, March 09: U Himalaya Shangpliang, Spokesperson of the Congress Party, today said that even after the Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma sent a letter to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, to stop this transfer of officers but this government has not listened.
These people who sleep in front of their shops said that if the government can provide them with shelter it will be a blessing to those officers who understand their problem. said in a sad voice that who would look like them.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Sordar of Kynrud Village, Bah Harnest Kharsyntiew, said that the Sisters informed them of the incident this morning. They have visited the school to inspect the damage.
The purpose of this training was to learn how to provide safety in the first place in the event of a collision or injury. kids.
The President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU), Samla Lambokstarwell Mangar, has criticized the NPP-led government for implementing the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Safety Act. Security Act (MRSSA) only in nine villages and if the Government does not build mynder check gates, it is like food that is still being harvested.
During his two-day visit, the Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Apurva Chandra visited NEIGRIHMS to inspect the construction of the Critical Unit of the hospital which has 150 beds, the Cancer Unit. a medical school that is currently underway.
In this meeting, Bah Brightstarwell Marbaniang said that the reason for the delay in the repair of this road is due to the natural disaster and the company has promised to complete the repair as soon as possible.
The program brought together tourism groups and self-employed people from five states in the North East.
For the first time design, architecture and goals of a Bill are being discussed with stakeholders at its pre-introduction stage.
Meghalaya Police on receiving a tip-off, raided the roads leading to Bangladesh and arrested the suspects from Ladumsaw in Ri Bhoi District while they were coming from Guwahati. The Sumo ML 10 B 9779 was heading to Bangladesh via Dawki.
The Leader of the Seng encouraged not only Balarihun Kharlukhi but especially the parents of this young woman that the Seng will always be with her in any situation that the family needs. He also urged them not to hesitate to inform the organization if they encounter any problems.
He said the task of the tribunal is to hear if there is a complaint from the elderly that the children have abused their parents in their old age.
It is necessary that our education system should develop the students not only in terms of education but also to showcase their talents so that they can compete in this field. the world of conflict.
Speaking to SP News Agency, one of the family members of the deceased said that both the deceased were elderly and the injured were taken to Nongtalang CHC for treatment.
A 22-year-old woman named Nisha Niommi sustained injuries and was taken to Umsning CHC by Ambulance
It is for this reason that the government has introduced a new policy to employ land owners who provide land for government schemes for the development of the state.
Police have taken her to court according to the rules of law.
Even the leading leaders of the UDP under the leadership of Bah Richard Lyngdoh, General Secretary of Mawhati Sub Circle and his colleagues from the same party have left the party. At the same time, Bah K Phonis Lyngdoh, Adviser of the UDP from Syngku, who is also the Vice President of the UDP, has been appointed as the Vice President of the Mawhati Sub Circle. He has been a member of the UDP since the beginning of the UDP party and has left the party to support Bah James Sylliang.
The CRC is located on the first floor of the Montfort Building.
In India, 1.2 million people die from smoking alone.
Shillong, Naiweing 09: U Anglea Ryngad on Tuesday said that the arrest of Agnes Kharshiing is an act of the government authorities to protect the land owners. their.
With the same efforts we can take the country to a new level while lack of unity will lead us to disaster," he warned.
Police have recovered 26.61 grams of heroin, T.31,380 cash, four mobile phones, three soap boxes, three golden tins, three injection needles and a Scotty. and an i-10 vehicle from the trio.
The meeting was also attended by the Commissioner & Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, Social Welfare Department, Pravin Baksi, Commissioner for Persons with Disabilities Sabrella B Marak and senior officials of the state government.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sharma today attended a public meeting at Langpih to explain that they have the same goal. the border between these two states.
In collaboration with the NIC, the launch of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly channel to disseminate the news of the Assembly from time to time, as well as the programs of the Leaders and the working methods of the State Government.
Amit Shah also invited the religious leaders of the state under the leadership of the State President and Bah AL Hek to Delhi to discuss the issues related to the FCRA and the allocation of land in Delhi to the. KJP Synod.
Meanwhile, the Ministry of Commerce and Industry said that the government has issued this notice to close down the gates set up within the Umiam Industrial Party. it's yours.
It is not yet possible to get an exact estimate of how many hundreds of houses have been destroyed but it is estimated that the damage is in the hundreds of houses.
He also stressed on the need to strengthen these ancient traditions in the new Nalanda University in a manner that is in line with the present era.
Regarding the death toll, it cannot be confirmed whether it is 13 or 15 people as they have not been able to fall into the coal mine.
He said that this cleanliness should be instilled in all the government employees to make India a clean and safe country. to the people when they came to work.
The claim of the police that he was shot dead by a knife is unacceptable.
Bah Roni Wahlang, BDO Mawryngkneng C&RD Block, said that it is sad that the youth are too quick to take up the position of parents especially when there is not enough jobs.
“Now we are one team, we can do different things at different levels but we are here to achieve the goal of taking the state forward,” he said.
On the other hand, the Minister personally visited the road because the government wants to complete it soon so that the people can travel easily from Tura to Shillong and also from Shillong to Shillong. Tura, not that the people will have to leave Assam as usual.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club today, the leader of the Mait Shaphrang Movement explained the reasons why they demand that all children should be given the right to participate in the law.
The environment is the business of all of us and the responsibility of all of us," he said.
The joining of these women was in the presence of Union Minister of State for Child Development Rajeev Chandrasekhar, BJP State President Ernest Mawrie and Sanbor Shullai.
The Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, which includes the Federation of Khasi States, the Council of Chiefs of Hynniewtrep, the Sirdarships, the Dolloi and the Council of Nokmas, send their condolences to the family of Sad news on the sudden passing away of Late Dr Donkupar Roy, Speaker, Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, on 28th July 2019, who also held the post of President, United Democratic Party.
About T.70,000 crore will be channeled through banks in 2019-2
After looking into all the facts, the union found that the owner of Marba Hub has contributed many good deeds for the welfare of the state and especially for the nation. I don't want to be afraid.
She asked if she was arrested for smuggling into the area why those accused of corruption were not arrested.
Others who were present were Dr.D Mishra, NFL, Kolkata as special invitee. Relations with other government officials.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: According to the announcement of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and reports from experts from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, the number of COVID-19 positive cases may be more than 25 times those estimated.
This was announced by the General Secretary of the JSU, Samla Emperor Bareh.
A complaint No. 7(3) 2024 U/s 386/34 IPC R/w Sec.16/18A/20 UA(P) Act has been registered at Rongjeng Police Station. this is the demand for money.
Speaking at the meeting, the Prime Minister said that the journey of the Rozgar Mela has reached a milestone in the launch of the Rozgar Mela in April last year with the distribution of appointment letters.
Shillong, July 12: U Bah Paul Lyngdoh EM in charge of revenue collection within the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today convened a meeting of officers to discuss how to improve the collection of revenue from the “KHADC”. Tax Professional”.
Police have conducted a search operation in Kongong and seized 69.196 kilos of Ganja from a Maruti Desire AS04-J-0171. .
The ceremony was witnessed and confirmed by the Chief of Khyrim Hima, Pa'iem Habapan Sing Syiem, the Priest of the Nongkrem Raid, Bah Pyniaidsuk Lyngdoh, Bah Bhalang Lyngdoh, Chairman of the Nongkrem Dorbar Pyllun, Tymmen Basan F Pyngrope.
Replying to a question by UDP MLA from Amlarem constituency, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, Dr. Ampareen said that in the past four years, the state has produced 10,250,000 tonnes of rice. 24,032 metric tonnes in 2019-2020, 24,059 metric tonnes in 2020-2021, 28,390 metric tonnes in 2021-2022 and 51,650 metric tonnes in 2023 years.
Ltd, Kolkata, West Bengal' shall sign any subsequent posts with the State Government, shall take action against the Block Development Officer(s) or any officers within the C&RD Block who have accepted the this is the distribution of tins and others.
On the other hand, the Seng does not take advantage of the personal interview for these grades or groups.
The train from Bangalore is leaving today and will arrive in Guwahati on the 20th. The total number of passengers reported is 1250, but it has exceeded this, Prestone said.
The railway station is the largest in the North East with more than 40,000 passengers daily and more than 30 trains passing through it daily.
Shilong Police Station said that on 26th November 2020, a complaint was lodged at Madanriting Police Station informing that a woman had left Shillong to work in Delhi on 7th July work for a private company.
Shillong, Naitung 27: The National President of the National People's Party (NPP) Conrad Sangma MP of Tura today raised the issue in Parliament on the issue of Regional Vocational Training Institutes (RVTIs) across the country. One and especially the one in Tura which was opened during the tenure of PA Sangma as a Minister in the Union Government.
The Deputy Commissioners do not provide all the requirements and the Deputy Commissioners of the Districts shall set the time and inform in consultation with the committees from Assam.
At the same time, she also expressed her gratitude to the KSU for its hard work since 2011 until the government has named the Lady Hydari Park in honor of this freedom fighter. Phan Nonglait Park now as a household expresses its gratitude.
The District Transport Officer has sent a letter to the DSEO of East Khasi Hills regarding the ban on schools by two wheelers on The DESO office has issued an order on 17/08/2
The General Convention of the party in 2017 in which Adelbert Nongrum was elected as the working president of the party can be seen on the internet. Adelbert Nongrum, until now, we can see the news that he demands my resignation from the post of president.
In the Administrative Units, Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh will hoist the flag at Patharkhmah, Cherak Momin at Mawshynrut and Bah Coming One Ymbon at Shangpung Hima.
She said she has already submitted her nomination for the Shillong Parliamentary seat in the state.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, Lamphang of KHADC, while welcoming the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, who came to witness the dorbar, said that there is no written statement inside the KHADC. This is the first time that the Chief Minister has visited the district.
This will also provide more income to the farmers.
At present, the HPF sees that foreigners have entered the state and to curb this, only the districts can order the village authorities not to issue NOC openly when applying for licenses. khaei, I don't want to pay.
The Seng also demands from the Government to deliver more oxygen cylinders in the district because at present although the population is large, the number of oxygen cylinders in CHCs and PHCs is still less than 80 cylinders. .
Others who attended the meeting were LM Sangma, Chairman of the State Commission for Women, Theilion Phanbuh, Chairman of the State Commission for Women, NG Shylla of Muktiar, M Kharkongor, Chairman of the State Commission for Women. Child Rights and others.
The tournament was inaugurated by M War, IAS, Secretary Revenue and Disaster Department, President of the Archery Association of Meghalaya as the chief guest in the presence of John F Kharshiing. Finely Pariat, former Australian Olympic athlete Ian Camble, Sports Officer Darly Khonglam, DSOs of various districts of the state and school children. .
The traffic in Sohra and Pynursla Civil Subdivisions will be on one day. The arrangements will be made by the Sub Divisional Officer of the Sub Divisions. In the areas under Mawyngkneng, Mawkynrew, Mawsynram, Sohiong and Mawphlang Block, 33% of the traffic per day will be within the Block. On the first day, vehicles ending at numbers 0,1 and 2 will pass, on the second day, vehicles ending at numbers 3,4 and 5, on the fourth day, vehicles ending at numbers 6, 7 and 8, on the fourth day the vehicles ending in numbers 9, 0 and
The total amount released to the beneficiaries since the inception of the scheme is estimated to exceed Rs 2.80 lakh crore.
Shillong, July 28: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that six cases have been confirmed positive for COVID-19, two from East Khasi Hills, three from Ri Bhoi and one from West Garo Hills. The number of cases has risen to
The Manbha Foundation is one of the NGOs that helps people who have become addicted to drugs to get rid of it and also provides training to those who have not yet become addicted to drugs.
In this demand related to the MGNREGS which is known as the daily wage, the central government should increase the wage from 100 days to 200 days so that the people can get wages.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Meghalaya BJP State Unit today demanded the resignation of Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma immediately after the Supreme Court of India granted him the right to resign. The decision that the post of MDC is not a beneficial post has shown that the government has introduced the wrong law in the House. This is to abolish the District Councils.
On the other hand, the ADCs today urged the Central Government to increase the allocation of funds to the ADCs if they can provide only 70% of the UC.
We must understand this power and we must use this.
WGH District Police have informed EGH District Police regarding the missing child and during the investigation, the kidnapper has been arrested and the child has been released. to seize the vehicle and mobile phone.
Shillong, Nailur 03: College teachers from Meghalaya will not take part in the strike at Jantar Mantar in Delhi on the 5th Teachers' Day. in this state will not take part in the celebration of this day.
Shillong, March 16: Markus Lyngdoh Thaiang, former MDC Nongpoh, resident of Mawpat Circle 1, Shillong, passed away at NEIGRIHMS Hospital on Tuesday morning.
The Central Government and the State Governments should stop the transfer of state companies to the private sector, the Government should take measures to prevent the increase in prices of food items, the Government should Reinstate the old age pension which was abolished in
They also recalled the selflessness of the members of KSU Mawprem at that time since its establishment in 1987 to get back the Khasi longtrai in the villages.
Speaking to reporters, he said that the monthly supply of rice to Meghalaya is 12862 MT, 1829 MT of rice, Tripura 19428 MT and 3174 rice, Mizoram 5480 MT. you are from the National Food Security Act.
(i) During the election period, no ballot paper shall be released within the time limited, as prescribed in Article 126 of the Public Service Act. , 1951 (Representative of People Act- 1951).
The Seng appeals to the Dorbar Trai Ri from the Hima Dorbar, Elaka Dorbar, Raid Dorbar, Shnong Dorbar and Kur Dorbar to take action to protect and maintain the border and also to give their hands. Your right hand is to protect the border of Sam.
The Meghalaya Assembly is one of the nine Legislative Assemblies of the country which has implemented the application.
“For the sake of the people in the city as well as the youth, it is a big challenge during the elections.
It may be recalled that the old Legislative Assembly of the State which is located in Khyndaitlad has collapsed since 2001 and the State has not been able to build its own Legislative Assembly till today.
He urged them to be determined to fight for change in society, income and governance.
Apart from this, there will be no other picketing offices in Lumjaintia.
In honor of this village, the Minister said that Nartiang is the most famous village in India. be clean and foreigners have to take the example of this village.
She said she has confidence in the people to give their support at this juncture and her goal is to work for all the people.
Ed), to send training to other SSA teachers and 4th teachers who are not qualified according to the NCTE rules and other demands related to the welfare of teachers and SSA schools. The government is violating the rights of SSA schools and SSA teachers and 4th teachers who have served for more than 10 years to provide education to our children in the state. “It is our responsibility to take responsibility for the tens of thousands of students who have been affected by the strike,” said Bah HM Marbaniang General Secretary MSSASA Sengkmie in a statement.
In another incident, a man named Bahrit Snaitang has stabbed Bah Robi Thangkhiew.
The requirements set out under the draft Quality Control Order (QCO) state that the collection, monitoring and publication of online reviews must be done in a manner that ensures that genuine reviews are published.
All the parties have banned their candidates from joining their party without allowing anyone to participate, unless the candidates themselves win the election so that they can express themselves as they understand. to benefit and take advantage as much as possible.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) has unanimously decided that the government will continue until the end of the year.
The AJYWO suggests to the State Government to consider other urgent development projects in the District, such as the improvement of health facilities, the construction of roads to connect the rural areas, the construction of a Government Secondary, Higher Secondary School and Government College, the construction of a District Auditorium cum Library, the immediate repair of the NH-6 and the construction of a fourlane road. from Damsite to Malidor and other urgently needed development works.
Complete ECCE and Universal Acquisition of Foundational Literacy and Numeracy before reaching Grade
The damage is not yet known as the assessment is ongoing.
Regarding the Diwali celebration, the Union Minister urged the people not to burn bombs, even if they carry them, they should use the newly produced bombs known as “Green Fire Crackers”.
After this, GoCthain Delhi will lead Narendra Modisha to the venue where a group of security personnel and Delhi Police will salute the Prime Minister.
The death toll from the disease in the past 24 hours has risen to 25, 15 from East Khasi Hills, 6 from West Jaintia Hills, 1 from North Garo Hills, 1 from West Garo Hills and 1 from West Garo Hills. The death toll has risen to
Speaking to SP News Agency, the GNC leader said that although the party has not received a written statement of the PDF's support for the Garoland demand, what is his statement? Bah HS Shylla CEM and incumbent MDC of KHADC welcomes the PDF's support for Garoland.
The race has two categories for children under 14 years and for children 14 years and above.
On the other hand, Samka Barikupar Nongsiej said that the youth is the best time to work for the welfare of the community because they have free time so it is up to them not to do it. I don't have the time of my youth to serve for the development and protection of the Jaitbynriew.
Members of HYC Mawkyrwat Circle have urged Bah Rowell Lyngdoh to support the ILP and other laws demanded by the HYC otherwise they will act against him, said Bah Wallam Nongsiej President. HYC Mawkyrwat Circle in a statement today.
“According to the information received by KHNAM, most of the Karbi who came to harass and attack our Pnars, are not residents of the border areas, but are residents of villages far from the border areas. “These Karbi who have temporarily stayed on the border have been given accommodation and food by the Karbi who have stayed on the border and their purpose is to harm our fellow citizens,” said KHNAM. The Karbi people have been able to use such violence due to the lack of Meghalaya Police on the border.
On this day, more than 1000 people who sell their food in the market or on the streets around the market have received the assistance donated by the HYC to join hands in this problem. which the people met.
Shillong, Naitung 21: The Village Leaders of Marmain PHC today expressed their surprise at the delay in opening the Marmain PHC. The PHC has been completed for many months.
The government should also continue to prepare in advance the documents and all the requirements to change the name and the union should continue to monitor and demand tirelessly to change the name. The name of the Jhalupara Police Outpost has been changed to 'Upper Shillong Police Outpost' so that the residents of Upper Shillong area can have full confidence in the services of this Outpost for them. that time all.
Speaking to reporters, Thomas said it was sad to see that after the all party meeting, many leaders including Members of Parliament (MPs) of the NPP admitted that some of them These parts of the media have been implemented prospectively and not retrospectively.
Other demands include that the government should release the results of the teachers who have gone for special training at NIOS as sent by the government and if the government decides to increase the salaries of the teachers. it shall be clear from the month and year and shall be submitted to the organization in writing.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The MLACU has organized games to raise awareness among the people about the dangers of rape of women and without forgiveness even to children. The meeting was held at the market place in Mawpun, West Khasi Hills.
Shillong, Naitung 05: The Opposition Leader Dr Donkupar Roy, who was also the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that there is still a need to discuss the railway line. it is with this work that we shall see what is good and what is evil.
Others who attended the ceremony were Col.
They also said that the KSU film has provided information and education on the history of the Jaidbynriew.
The presence of all the infrastructure, the ready availability of facilities, the large number of young people in India, and the progressive mindset of those working in this field, the support from the government.
Speaking to reporters by phone, the Director denied all the allegations and said there was no such thing.
The JSU has no intention of dividing the Jaitbynriew but stands firmly on the foundation to strengthen and preserve, improve and enrich the Pnar language, because as of now, the Pnar language has become too old and has In great danger of losing our language because in our society we have spoken not only in Khasi but in English and Dkhar for example Ok Bhai, Yes Mami and so on.
The new lat will be appointed in these days.
If after the elections, the people will be gathered every day. There are those who are here at home to talk about the Reservation Policy. When you say leader, he is the leader, not all 35 lakh days will go to the Assembly to speak.
Close doors and windows tightly, if the houses are unsafe, leave them before the storm starts.
“In the past, the monitoring of the health of poor mothers was difficult due to the lack of adequate information and sometimes what we have is insufficient because it is written in Ramkumar S, IAS, Additional Secretary, Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya.
On the change in color of the Lukha River according to the MSPCB report, Bah Daiapherbha said he accepts that, because the coal factories use coal, but to say that it is due to coal. The coal mines will not accept this report.
There are 56-Gambegre to Philipole Marak.
However, we have found that some Central Government offices, Private Companies and Banks do not respect and open their offices on such special days of the Jaidbynriew such as Shad Nongkrem. Most of the Sengbhalang have to go to protest and have to close down such offices or workplaces.
The Seng has also submitted a petition to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Ministry of Home Affairs, Bah Prestone Tynsong.
Baltus, who came to arrest him today, did not bring any weapons. Baltus is from Chachatgre village in East Garo Hills District. The GNLA has close ties with its Commander-in-Chief Sohan D Shira.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: As the election to the Legislative Assembly of the State approaches, the people have started to look forward to which party they will belong to.
During the meeting with the Defense Minister, the Chief Minister of Shillong, Conrad K Sangma, explained the problems faced by the city of Shillong. Cantonment will help improve Shillong.
Six months ago, Bah Suchen was arrested by the police on suspicion of involvement in the bomb blast.
Speaking to reporters, Congress spokesperson Dr RC Laloo said the purpose of the exchange was to fight against counterfeit money. It is a good money where people have invested this money in building houses and buying gold"
Shillong, Nailar 13: U Bah Klip Lynshing, President of the MDP, Mawkynrew, and 20 other Congress office bearers today visited the Congress Hall.
In one of the petitions brought before the KHADC office, the priests who elected the Syiem of the Hima wrote that they are against the complainants against the Syiem of the Hima.
At the C-DAC's headquarters in Mohali, the developers of eSanjeevani are struggling to bring in another part of the eSanjeevaniOPD to pave the way for the start of National OPDs at eSanjeevani OPD. doctors to provide treatment to patients in any part of the country.
Shillong, July 18: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 275 people have tested positive for COVID-1 Jaintia Hills 3, East Khasi Hills 193, Ri Bhoi 20, South Garo Hills 1, South West Garo Hills 3, South West Khasi Hills 4, West Garo Hills 35, West Jaintia Hills 6, West Khasi Hills 9.
Therefore, the relevant authorities are requested to provide full protection, to protect human rights, to maintain peace in the country and to ensure religious neutrality and fair trial. the morning.
“We who have to look after the peace and order have to look into such incidents and why people want to go out at night, we have to establish.
The Executive Committee has already promised to pay their salaries within six months but if the salaries are not prepared, it will be a problem for the employees themselves. Shillong, Nailur 10: The Mawkhar Christian Higher Secondary School (MCHSS) will celebrate its 125th Anniversary. school on April 4, 2016.
The President of India is on his way to attend the Convocation of the North Eastern Hills University to award degrees to 2000 graduates. yours.
The Executive Committee of the CQC has decided to provide T.1000/- per head of CQC to the MDCs and the MDCs will go to the CQCs. Bah Chyne said that to date, there are 1121 CQCs under the jurisdiction of KHADC and the highest number of CQCs is in Mawlai. Mylliem has the lowest number of CQCs and the remaining four CQCs.
PC The curfew has been imposed from 6.00 pm to 7.00 pm today at the two police stations of Lumdiengjri and Sardar.
She said that children with down syndrome should not be treated with contempt but should have the same life as other children. long to give explanation to parents.
The Dorbar Ki Khlieh Nongsynshar Ka Ri Hynniewtrep has been walking for many years on one basis, to preserve, maintain, improve and enhance the traditional rule, and encourages the rulers, leaders, All Rangbah Kur from Kur Dorbar or Seng Kur, Shnong Dorbar, Raid Dorbar and Hima Dorbar to fight as much as possible to preserve the customs and traditions and not to ignore such threats from year to year. to stand for the right because history shows clearly that the war with the British rule almost 200 years ago came and went, then came the Indian rule, followed by the Sixth Schedule rule for 62 years, and We see that the CEMs and EMs have come in many ways, there are those who love the Riti and there are those who despise the Riti, and all these CEMs and EMs have come and gone, but the surprising thing is that It is encouraging that until today the Dorbar Kur or Seng Kur, Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raid and Dorbar Hima continue to exist despite these threats, and the violence of some in power.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The Meghalaya People's Human Rights Council (MPHRC) has demanded that the government should set up an inquiry into the allegation that Roi Simpli committed suicide inside the jail at Khliehriat Police Station. .
During the trial, one of the accused, Chalbinal Nangbah, died on 6th June,
“Of course we agree and support the decision not to issue environmental clearance for uranium mining in Balphakram National Park but the question now is 'Will the people of Mawthabah, Phlangdiloin and South West Khasi Hills District be protected by the new government? “Is it cheaper than the MRAD in Balphakram National Park because the environmental clearance has not been issued in our district yet?” asked Forwardman Nongrem.
Rs.1.70 lakh crore has been allocated for the development of roads in the country.
All this is for the benefit of the villagers, schools and educational institutions, Durbar Shnongs, libraries, museums and researchers.
Participants include Lanjiya Saura from Odisha, Warli from Maharashtra, Madhubani from Bihar, Bhil from Rajasthan, Kond from Madhya Pradesh, Pithura from Gujarat, Kuchipudi from Kerala, Jadopatiya from Jharkhand and many other traditional forms of art. the deities of the various peoples of India.
Until five years ago, the North East was known only for curfews, protests, bomb blasts and shootings and the people of the North East could not live in peace because of the violence of various armed groups. diverse.
There are 86 recoveries, 48 ​​from East Khasi Hills, 20 from Ri Bhoi, 20 from Ri Bhoi. there are 75784 people.
The 20 cases tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills are 6 cases from returnees, 5 cases from test positive cases, 3 cases from close contacts, 3 cases from self and 3 were from the armed forces.
To apply for tickets, he gathered people and set up party offices and there was a discussion from the people in which they asked whom the party will give tickets after the change of constituency and syier. They did not win any other constituency.
The prevalence of drugs in our society seems to be part of the government's criminal scheme.
Speaking at a meeting at Congress Bhavan Tura, he said that as the Chief Minister of the state during his tenure, he has done many things for the benefit of the people. “If he wins the MP election, he will work for the benefit of the people,” he said.
“Therefore, as the residents of the village, we are grateful for their selfless service and through this statement we invite all the members of the community, Dorbar Shnongs and others to support the ASHAs in this. their protest," he said.
However, in Majai, 22, 23,24 tons were produced.
There are 276 recoveries today, the highest number of recoveries from East Khasi Hills (99), West Garo Hills (48), bringing the total number of recoveries to
Syntein constituency has four villages, Kenmensaw, Kenbah, Jympait, Dongskong and Mawkaphan. In fact, the MLA should have used the MLA scheme funds to repair this village. Suro that leads to these villages.
Also present on the occasion were BS Teron, President of the All Meghalaya Karbi Association (AMKA), Basan of Raid Nongkseh, Nathaniel Thangkhiew, Minister of Mylliem Hima, Paiem Labourius Syiem. - Former Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Bah Jason Mawlong and the people who came to take part from all over the Raid of Mylliem Hima who are Bhoi Mikir (Karbi).
The Speaker of the House, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, after the end of the Question Period, informed the House that today at 9.00 pm, the letter brought by the “Privilege” was received. motion" against the Chief Minister.
When inquired by the police, Ribok said, “Since the death of Lurshai Hynniewta, for four years we have been going to lay flowers every year but there has been no incident.
In a letter, she said that the party would like to give its opinions and suggestions regarding the Expert Committee on the Meghalaya State Reservation Policy and through this letter it hopes that there will be a change. and the acceptance of this recommendation of the party which is also for the benefit of the indigenous people in the state.
The AICC Secretary said that the party was formed by its office bearers and not by MLAs or MDCs. In a few months you will see many changes in the people in the party.
However, the surprising thing is that in this State from 1986 until 2020, the Social Welfare Department has not yet had the Service Rules, which means that the right of Lady Supervisors to be promoted has been deprived. CDPO,” said Bah Roy.
One of the purposes of this Committee is to select the Entry and Exit points.
It is to be recalled that the youth of Ri War Jaintia under the JSU have been demanding from the government since
In July 2016, 20 urban areas were selected, in June 2016, 13 urban areas were selected, in November 2016, 27 urban areas were selected, in July 2017, 30 urban areas were selected. In July 2018, 9 Government Cities were selected and with the selection of Shillong today, it has reached the 100 Smart Cities in India.
The college will be built in a public private partnership between the government and the private sector.
Referring to the allegation that there will be an influx of foreigners, Dr Donkupar said, “When a person leaves his own place, he will go to a place where he understands that there is a If you understand that you don't have life, you won't go anywhere.
He said that nowadays women are the strongholds of society.
Shah said that earlier the allocation to the North East did not reach all areas but after Narendra Modi became Prime Minister, the allocation has reached the villages and has been used for the North East. growth, and this is a great victory.
Reapproval received on July 26, 2023.
The KSU Jaintia Hills is also pleased to report on the incidents of killing, beating, rape of the poor but they don't see that the government pays compensation or takes action.
Speeches were delivered by Prof RC Laloo, former MLA from Jowai, Vincent Pala, MP, John F Kharshiing, General Secretary, MPCC in charge of Jaintia Hills, MDCs, Presidents from different Block on how to strengthen the Congress Party and prepare for the MDC Election
The government urges the people not to listen to the HNLC's call to hold an office blockade on the 8th and 9th and again on the 12th and 13th.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: The complaint of Agnes Kharshiing and Angela Ryngad has been sent to the police headquarters for further investigation. It may be recalled that the complaint was filed by the two NGO leaders as mentioned in the report of the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI). the government should not punish those who have hands.
With the aim of providing clean cooking to the poor households, especially in the rural areas to ensure universal inclusion in LPG as a source of cooking in the country, the Government has launched the Pradhan. Minister Ujjwala Yojana (PMUY) in June 2016, with a target of Rs 5 crore.
The award was launched by the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi at the IG Stadium in New Delhi on July
The Government should do something about this and it is in great trouble for the state as a whole.
“We are not involved in that murder.
For women with two bodies, they will receive a total of T.6000 tyngka.
“The answer from the PHE department is because there is still a shortage of water supply systems such as drinking water wells in Mawsynram which has led to water shortage.
The scheme was initially prepared only for Shillong, as in Laitumkhrah alone there are up to 27,000 school children and out of these 60% of the vehicles that go to school belong to private individuals.
The KSU on the day Meghalaya played in the final against Karnataka, has set up seven venues for the public to watch the match in which Karnataka scored 3 goals and Meghalaya equalized. .
They create job opportunities, promote social cohesion and reduce differences in earnings.
This was announced by the Minister in charge of North Eastern Region Development, G. Kishan Reddy in a reply to the Lok Sabha today.
On the other hand, Bah PN Syiem promised to the leaders of the civil society that he will take action on this issue and on the same issue a meeting of Rangbah Shnongs and land owners will be convened. which this railroad was to cross.
However, the government has not yet received any order from the central government. It is true that it will cost a lot of money to implement this scheme, but the government will ensure that it protects the environment. the government wants to expand the forest cover.
Shillong, Nailar 20: The Glamp Snap contest was held today at the Soso Tham Auditorium Shillong with 14 participants.
He said the Council has decided to send 10 enforcement police to assist the 10 police of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima in patrolling every night to prevent the robbery of shops. that is not in the market.
He urged the people to vote for the Congress which is responsible and the government which is necessary unlike others.
On the other hand, Bah Rymbai, Leader of JYF-EJH, expressed his deep sorrow over the inability of the PWD Road Department to fulfill its duty as the officials to meet their demands. This has been an insult and disregard for the demands of the residents of the area as a whole.
This proficiency in Hindi and English has made it easier for them to get jobs after completing their training.
Speaking to SP News Agency, he said that tomorrow morning there will be a motion on the backwardness of the state in development projects. The incident in Malangona happened in these days.
Shillong, April 03: I'm not sure what to do.
Reacting to this allegation, the HYC leader also admitted that the HYC during a surprise inspection of the Sohiong CHC on the 14th of last month to find out the truth about the complaint and complaint of the HYC. The residents of Sohiong area, have found that there is a shortage of staff and the arrogance of the staff which is true according to the complaints and complaints of the residents from time to time.
He warned the FKJGP not to interfere and revive this issue but otherwise the FKJGP will not hesitate to fight and do what it should do.
He said that on the 19th there will be a draw for all those who will take part in the Arm Fight and on the 20th there will be a draw for all those who will take part in the Arm Fight. The meeting was inaugurated by Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of State and will conclude on the 21st in the presence of Chief Minister Conrad Sangma.
On the opening day, it was seen that parents have gone to accompany their children to the examination centres. The District Administration has also deployed police to patrol the examination centres. examination bag.
When U SP News Agency visited the market to check whether it is true that the second floor of the market has been closed for many years as alleged, it was found that it is true. the fact that it blocks the second floor.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting held at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall in Shillong, which was attended by leaders from all districts, Bah N Dkhar said that it is for the state government to take responsibility because it is the government that sent them.
This area needs a college because there is no college in the whole area and students have to go outside the area to study.
He continued to respect each other when working together and to respect the vehicle that provides cleanliness.
At present, there are three more villages which want to join Kongthong, Mawmeng, Mawshut and Sder. The DC of East Khasi Hills District will visit these villages on the 16th. This month to meet with the village officials of the area to discuss the development of the area.
Krist Kharsati of the UDP from Sohryngkham, Pyniaid Syiem of the NPP from Sohryngkham, Alvin Sawkmie of the NPP from Mawsynram and Grace Kharpuri of the Congress party from Pynursla.
The exhibition was attended by garment makers from all over Meghalaya from Garo Hills to Jaintia Hills.
He recalled that as a small nation, when the British or the British Government ceased to rule the nation, they did not leave it like that before they left, but they passed a special protection law. The Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulations Act
On the 23rd of this month, leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) were arrested by the police within a few hours of raiding the houses of people who live in the Lum Survey.
The four organizations express their disapproval of this transfer by replacing non-indigenous people.
The Deputy Commissioner called the meeting to maintain peace and order in Erpakon village following the killing of Bah Kyrmen Lyngdoh Nonglait recently.
From this letter , it is clear that although the permit has not been issued , it is clear that the casino is not against it look carefully.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: A sudden fire broke out at the MeECL sub station on the NH-44 at Moowakhu village today.
The message that comes from this to the world from this group which has only about 4 lakh inhabitants but the message is very strong to millions of people on this earth because as a nation The Khasi people understand the meaning of nature.
When we look closely at the boat, we see that it is moving in the water of the river,” he added.
Shillong, Naitung 06: Police of Phulbari, West Garo Hills District on receiving a tip that some people were coming on a bike carrying envelopes stamped with a knife. are the drug dealers.
“Even if Jet Airways starts, it will increase the number of flights to the area by four times a day,” Karim said.
In this shooting incident, the suspended teachers' leader, Bah Birbor Riangtam, fell to the ground after a tear gas fell near him. They followed the march until they reached the gate of the secretariat.
Shillong, July 01: U Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma, on Tuesday said that many schools and colleges in the state have failed to implement the National Education Policy (NEP) and that is not good.
He concluded by saying that this part of the marynthing is very important for us as a nation and there is a great hope that it will revive us as a nation as the poet Soso Tham said. “Sometimes they win stones, sometimes they shake forests” and congratulated the youth who have revived the traditional dress of the Khasi people which has begun to be covered with foreign dresses that are rude and immoral. .
“It was found that the spread of garbage into the pond by travellers, restaurants, shopkeepers and street vendors and others.
He said that as an MLA of this constituency, he strongly condemns and should arrest the cases.
Other students who came in the top list include Gordon Kupar Nongbri who came second from St Edmund's School, ArMeker Marpna who came third from St Anthony's School, Amebaihunha Kharbhih who came third. Fourth grade from St Anthony's School, Rilaakor Lamare fourth grade from St Anthony's School, K Vansangpuii from St Edmund's School.
Other speakers at the meeting were Bah O Pamshong, former MDC Mawhati, Bah C Shadap, Bah Charles Marngar, Bah RR Kynsai Makdoh, former MDC from Ri. Fear.
This road connects parts of East Garo Hills and West Khasi Hills which can improve the society and income of the people of this area and will alleviate their problems.
“The intention is to paint the bridge and then the bridge will be completed.
“The smoke from this place is dangerous to the health of the people,” said the statement. Furthermore, the KSU said that if the authorities delay in removing them, it will take your own measures to remove these foreigners.
The Division Bench of the Meghalaya High Court also agreed with these words: “However, due to the lack of knowledge of the law, the Executive Committee of Bah PN Syiem, CEM and also his lawyers have gone to fight against it. The Division Bench of the Meghalaya High Court has said that the Executive Committee of Bah Tirot Singh Syiemlieh and his lawyers have filed an affidavit against the PIL. I. It is to such rulers that Myllung said, “What remains is to go to the appropriate forum and in an appropriate manner as directed by the Division Bench of the Meghalaya High Court. The KHADC should approach the Supreme Court which is the appropriate forum determined by the Division Bench of the Meghalaya High Court and in the appropriate manner which means in the proper manner of law.
At present, the Pyngrope clan has spread throughout the Khasi Hills.
The training was held for the second day today at the SAI Center at NEHU and was organized by the Meghalaya State Olympic Association in collaboration with the Sports Department of the Government of Meghalaya.
During the visit, he also asked who owns the land after the end of the tournament. to her this is still in the process of being arranged.
Shillong, November 04: U Comingone Ymbon, Minister in charge of Electricity, Community and Rural Development, in a letter of resignation sent to the Prime Minister, on Tuesday said that the project is a personal matter. you don't have to hiar shuki.
The Minister informed the House that there are 1301 vacancies for which the MPSC should have called for examination and interview, many of which have been canceled during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Bah Bashai Marbaniang, leader of AIM in Meghalaya, said that human beings have three parts which God has given them, the mind, the soul and the body. make them able to accept themselves as human beings living on earth.
In his speech, UK Sangma Secretary of the NEC said that the youth in this age have to learn to live according to the changing times, in this age of changes in the way of working. .
These are the candidates who were announced today.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: U Prestone Tynsong Symbut, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today informed that due to the overcrowding of the Deputy Commissioners, the Ministry of Agriculture and the Ministry of Soybeans have been appointed to issue vehicle passes to the farmers.
It may be recalled that the cyclone in the past few months has affected many areas, such as Mawkynrew, Mawsynram, Nongnah, Umsning and Umroi Block.
Dr (Smt) RR Gowloog, Head Office, Ministry of Culture, North East Regional Center Shillong, Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, Meghalaya State Planning Board & Chairman, The Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States, Dr(Smt) Sudipta Ghosh, Anthropological Department NEHU, Dr(Smt) D.Sun, Dr Gautam Kumar Bera, Bah Lom Khongngain, Rangbah Shnong, Tyniar Raid Diengsaw, including scientists and officials of the Anthropological Survey of India, the elderly, women and children of Tyniar Village.
Shillong, Naitung 06: The Think20 (T20) Conference in Shillong today was launched by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
The KHADC is now aware that the online shopping trade has increased in Shillong, but the problem is that the workplace of these traders is not in Shillong. This can be done even if the purchase relationship is in Shillong.
On the other hand, the Congress party and the people of the North East are opposed to the central government's plan to allow these people from Bangladesh to come to India to become citizens. “The villagers will not go to Rajasthan or Punjab, but will come to the North East,” he said.
On the other hand, the CEM, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, promised to take action on the problems faced by these residents regarding the collection of taxes on their crops. CEM of KAAC on this issue.
Police have recovered 20 boxes of soap and heroin weighing 250.64 grams, two mobile phones, a laptop, two EPIC cards, two boxes of heroin weighing 250.64 grams. A complaint has been registered against them at Sardar Police Station.
The opposition leader visited the affected areas in Rongara village where he also distributed food aid to the people in the village. in this storm of nature.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The Joint Action Committee of Western Ri Bhoi District has given one day to the mobile companies including Reliance, Aircel and Celone to provide mobile phones. networks especially in Umrit, Pahtharkhmah, Warmawsaw and Jirang as these villages are facing many problems due to the lack of networks.
This recommendation is similar to the power of the Governors of the States, to have a time limit on how bills should be issued when they are passed by the Legislative Assemblies of the States, the relationship between the Central Government and that state government.
In this regard, the CEC will meet to set up an election committee to conduct the election to elect the party leaders.
This is probably true and can be confirmed by the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) under the National Water Programme. The Monitoring Program (NWMP) is supported by the Central Pollution Control board, Delhi.
Shillong, Iaiong 21: Two persons were killed and three others injured in a blast in Mawkadiang village in West Khasi Hills District today. in this unfortunate incident.
The Meghalaya Government in 2005 has allocated land at Umktieh to CAU Imphal to start a college there. At the same time, the State Government has written to the Central Government to set up a college. in terms of agriculture in the state.
“We mourn the loss of precious souls, the destruction of places of worship and educational institutions.
“As soon as this happened, we informed our family but at that time there was no mobile network, no internet and no electricity.
Shillong, June 09: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (KITA) today met with the CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pyniaid Singh Syiem to discuss the issue of illegal activities of foreign States.
The meeting will be held at the Khasi National Durbar Hall, Mawkhar, Shillong.
The Returning Officer of the Shillong Parliamentary Seat also informed that Bah Peter Shallam has filed his nomination papers as an independent candidate on the same day.
Political party leaders who attended the ceremony included Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and Cabinet, Dr Mukul Sangma, Leader of the Opposition Congress, CEM of KHADC Bah Teinwell Dkhar, Bah Shillong, March 16: The Hills Farmers Union (HFU) has met with the Deputy CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Pyniaid Sing Syiem to discuss the issue. The problem of the farmers is that the kilo price is still low for the farmers in Iewduh.
It is alleged that the branch manager has not even issued the pass book to the owners of the funds.
The Chief Minister, Shri Conrad K Sangma today announced that the word Khasi and Jaintia Hills District has been removed from the Preamble of the Eastern Bengal Frontier Regulation
At St Paul's Seminary he served as Spiritual Director from 2010-2016 and at Mawprem as Assistant Parish Priest from
Only those dancers who have already been issued a pass by the Khasi Seng will be allowed to enter the Suk Mynsiem dance this year. This has been done according to the rules laid down by the Government.
On the other hand, the SE said that there has been a proposal for this Sub-Station and it is still pending, and the Seng will continue to monitor this. The General Secretary of KSU Namdong Unit, Samla Juhhi Tariang, said that the KSU Namdong Unit has been working hard to achieve the goals of the KSU Namdong Unit.
In this regard, u Bah Tynsong informed all the residents of the state that there is no shortage of food items and the people should not worry.
The CM was reminded that the Hima Khasi States headed by the Syiems, Lyngdohs and Sirdars have not signed the Instrument of Merger. In April 2012, the National Commission for Scheduled Tribes (NSC) has issued a directive to the Ministry of Home Affairs to amend the IOA & AA into the Constitution of India. .
The Director of the North East Police Academy, Gya Nendra Pratap Singh has sworn in the officers who have completed the training at NEPA. Assam also witnessed the passing out parade which was saluted by Himanta Biswas Sharma.
Speaking at the training, the Secretary to the President of India said that the Rashtrapati Bhavan has taken many measures regarding the planting of soh ki pai in these past five years and also in flower planting activities.
The Vision of the project is to enable Meghalaya’s youth to achieve their full potential by ensuring their successful transition from school to work, with holistic support for health & well-being, thereby ensuring the long term sustainable development of the state.
Shillong, Nailar 31: Chairman of the Environment Committee of the Legislative Assembly, Bah SK Sunn today held a meeting with the representatives of the State Pollution Control Board. Representatives from the Resource Department, PHE Department, the Office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District and the Secretary of the Department in charge of Mineral Resources were also present.
Today's meeting is only for Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The Ministry of Education of the Government of India today announced that Meghalaya and Nagaland will be exempted from the Common University Entrance Test (CUET) The students have already written or passed the exam in the past few days.
Ed) of the teachers who attended the special training for the years 2013 and 2014 which has been going on for more than a year now. 7822 teachers who have not completed their professional qualification (D.El.
In this regard, he has requested the HNYF for assistance.
In 2011, the dorbar was held twice, the 12-day Budget Session and the 5-day Synrai Session.
The Secretary also spoke about the establishment of Regional Centers for Excellence and pointed out that Karnataka has a number of startups that have not been established at the Centres.
: Unidentified robbers have robbed and stolen several crosses from the Catholic Cemetery in Tura, West Garo Hills.
The robbers burnt down the vehicle at a place where it used to park from time to time on the village road.
TUR also condemns the statement of the Chief Minister who said that the problem caused by the uranium mining industry is an issue that affects only the peace and stability of the State.
Donbok said that the union has requested the Right to Information (RTI) on 20th November, 2022 to get an explanation on the recruitment of police officers. According to the RTI reply, some Police Officers have been transferred to East Khasi Hills District for at least 15 years without being transferred to other districts. district.
When asked, he said, “As soon as we heard that, we were shocked and as soon as we telephoned the garbage collectors it was a shame for us as a village.
There is no rule for two Inquiry Commissions to hear the same case.
What is more surprising is that as we have seen in the past few days, the Assam Police have even dared to expel the Meghalaya Police from Psiar.
The union has raised this alarm after receiving information about the free entry and exit of foreigners especially after the government authorities have not taken action on the entry and exit of foreigners.
“Our country has many traditional healers but there are also those who follow others.
Rs 70,000 crore has been delivered to those who have retired from security services and their families now," he said.
Despite this integration of the MGNREGA schemes of the Central Government, the Fisheries Scheme of the State Government and the Basin Development Scheme which is one of the departments established by the State Government, there has been no scheme yet. exact clarity whether these fish ponds will be owned by the community or will go to the groups.
Shillong, Naitung 03: The SNSBH would like to congratulate the Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jaintia Hills, especially the Rangbah Shnong and Dorbar Shnong of Khliehriat West and the VDPs who have worked hard and ensured the entry of the the people went out into the villages.
The behavior of this person and the relevant authorities has caused panic among the residents who respect and follow the rules and regulations announced by the government.
Nongspung, Jymmang 31: The Village Defense Party, Nongspung under the leadership of Bah Melanding Syiemlieh President and Bah Rojimstar Syiemlieh Secretary in collaboration with the Youth Association, Women's Association of Nongspung Village and students from the Social Work Department of Martin Luther Christian. University on 29th June, 2019 conducted a training program on hygiene, the spread of alcoholic beverages, child marriage and rape.
He said that recently it has been seen in Langpih and heard that people from outside the state have dared to encroach on the land of the state owners, which these foreigners do not even count the burial grounds of the state. villages, but they were willing to stay in these places to invade the villages.
Shillong, March 07: U Bah Pynshngainlang Syiem, Working President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MDA), on Tuesday said that the dissatisfaction of the people with the MDA government is based on two issues, the increase in the price of commodities and the lack of accused of corruption.
He said the party will announce all the candidates in the second month of July.
The President of the KSU said that it is surprising that foreigners are walking around while the indigenous people are following the Government's directives to stay at home, without even paying their daily wages. to cooperate with the Government.
Because modern blood banking techniques are available.
He said that for the benefit of the police, the Government led by Prime Minister Duh has introduced changes in the Ayushman-CAPF Scheme. , Central Ex-gratia, Disability Ex-gratia, Air Courier Services and Central Police Welfare Store.
On this occasion, a book was also launched.
“The adequate treatment at the medical college will help in alleviating the suffering of the people to go to major hospitals outside the area,” he said. Those who come from low income families due to poverty have to succumb to the disease they have and many lives have been lost because there is no adequate way to help them. said the Chief Minister.
On the demand for the inclusion of Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Khyrnit Baphra, Bah Kharbani said, “The MHA says that our suggestions through the submission of petitions to the Union Ministers is that it has to accept them. but she did not say anything else clearly.
cases from East Jaintia Hills and 1 case from West Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Nailur 23: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War today said that 170 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 117 in Ri Bhoi and 37 in West Garo. Hills 5, North Garo Hills  5, West Jaintia Hills 3, East Jaintia Hills 3.
The number of confirmed cases today is 5 from East Garo Hills, 18 from East Jaintia Hills, 361 from East Khasi Hills, 101 from Ri Bhoi, 1 from North Garo Hills, 23 from South West Garo Hills. 1, West Garo Hills 38, West Jaintia Hills 55, West Khadi Hills 24 persons.
Shillong, Iaiong 06: The KSU Laban Branch today submitted a petition to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills regarding the rally organized by the VHP on 2nd June Lumdingjri and they also went to the part of Laban on that day which was also the day of the god.
Also present on the occasion was the MLA of the area who said that the damage caused by the earthquake has been seen.
According to sources from the Food Distribution Department, all the Deputy Commissioners of the state have been directed to all the ration distributors to direct the ration recipients to have Aadhaar cards.
Police said four 7.65 mm pistols and seven unused bullets were recovered from the suspects. The vehicle was seized at Siju-Adura. Investigation is underway to find out the purpose of their arrival with firearms.
Police have searched his body and recovered T.21000/- from him.
At present, the Acts 2007; 2008 and the Rules 2015 of the Hima Mylliem do not specify on the one hand that the Hima Dorbar should be held once a year but at the same time there is no explanation as to how the son of a thousand should do or what. The KHADC shall have the Hima Act or Rule or the Hima Act 1959 when the Village, Raid or Hima does not hold a Hima Dorbar.
The Municipalities have already sent their proposals without consultation with the MDCs of the urban areas and before consultation with the GHADC.
Thirty executive members were also elected.
“Shalom Meghalaya” at MP Stadium, Dakopgre in Tura.
Bah John F Kharshiing, said that in the Shnong Act, there is nothing wrong with the Shnong Act.
These athletes will now represent India on the global stage, aiming to qualify for the canoe slalom events at the Paris 2024 Olympics.
The KSU in a letter submitted to the Director has expressed its deep sorrow over this recruitment without following the rules and regulations which has destroyed the trust of the youth from the District.
: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma on Friday said that there is a detailed plan to start the railway line to East Jaintia Hills District.
After 1962, there has never been a chance to break the position of the former Prime Minister of India from the Indian National Congress. to take oath for three consecutive terms as the Prime Minister of India.
The festival has entered the Guinness World Record with the participation of 135 countries in the festival of Yoga.
Regarding this decision, many people have been consulted and after a thorough investigation into various aspects of education, it has been decided that many of the books used by the MBOSE especially in three books , Science, English and Mathematics these books do not meet the standards of education in the country as a whole.
COMSO has already sent a letter to the Chief Minister, the Deputy Chief Minister, the Minister of Home Affairs and the Director General of Police saying that if the government cannot arrest the Bangladeshis, they will COMSO as COMSO cannot stand idly by to see that foreigners enter the village. The discussion and explanation is enough and what is needed now is to do so. claim.
Shillong, July 18: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek today said that the government has decided not to impose a curfew, but has handed it over to the Deputy Commissioners. of the Districts to look after the needs.
Shillong, November 20: “I have not been able to meet with the people of Mukroh village who came with the KSU, but from time to time I follow this incident myself and I talk to the Prime Minister. Assam Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma has said that the government has been working hard to improve the quality of life in Assam.
Shillong, July 10: Mebescort International Private Limited (LPP) has operated air ambulances from Umroi Airport and train ambulances from Guwahati Railway Station.
The tribute to this man is that even in the midst of his physical disability he has been able to establish a printing business to employ others.
The reason for this is that the saint who died in 1235 while the part of the body that was the thylliej did not rot at all prompted the church to take action to do something to do which needs to be tested because of miracles.
“If the test finds that the water is not safe for consumption, the Government should take responsibility and if the Government does not act accordingly, the union will not hesitate to take further action,” he said. he said.
Shillong, Lber 25: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today met with the Union Minister of State for Power, RK Singh. MeECL is located in Meghalaya.
There are about 38 languages ​​that have previously appeared in the books of the Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India, which have been requested to be included in the Eighth Schedule to the Constitution.
The purpose of this scheme is to provide electricity to all the poorest of the poor households in the country which has up to 5 crore households.
Shillong, November 11: The North East Students Organization (NESO) President Samuel Jyrwa today told SP News Agency that the flag raising ceremony will be held in the North East. India has gone smoothly and successfully. The flag raising ceremony was to show that NESO is against the implementation of the CAA in the North East.
On this day, prayers were also offered for the Jewish nation who first received the Lord Jesus but did not accept Him until now as the Son of God who came into this world.
After the Budget Session, Chief Minister Cornad K Sangma, PWD Minister Prestone Tynsong, Mawlai MLA and Umroi MLA visited the Mawlai by-pass.
This reporter spoke to the Vicar General of the Diocese of Shillong, Rev. Richard M. Majaw.
The Government urges the people to come out on that day to welcome the President of the country.
Meanwhile, Niswas Dkhar said that only those who have a connection with the world have been selected.
Shillong, July 06: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today laid the foundation stone for the construction of a bridge over the Ildek River at Adokgre in North Garo Hills District.
He represented Sohra as an MDC from 2004 to 2009 and as an MLA from 2008 to 2013 from the Congress party.
The union expresses its surprise how the SBM has registered these without verifying the documents required according to the law, the stinginess of the KHADC to send enforcement to collect the documents from from time to time it also encourages and gives opportunity to those who take advantage.
Technical Session 3 on 19th June 2024 will discuss the changes introduced by the Bharatiya Nagarik Suraksha Sanhita, 2023 (BNSS) in the investigation of illegal activities by the police, and the use of ICT tools. changes in the way law enforcement agencies and law enforcement agencies work.
The party should take up the issue with the relevant authorities against the Garo.
He said that if we know how to choose parties, we will be freed from poverty and hunger.
Without disclosing his name, it was said that many of the jobs of the traders who have to work at this office to pay taxes and to get the documents from this office have been suspended due to the. you don't have light.
“On our part as the Union of Rangbah Shnongs-East Jaintia Hills, we give our full support to the AJYWO, KSU, HNYF and FKJGP on their protest against the road blockade on the 27th of this month. and 28th of this month to urge the Meghalaya government to immediately repair the NH 44 which has affected the commuters,” said Bah P.Dkhar, General Secretary of the SRS- EJH. The leader of the union said that in the past few days, we on behalf of the union of rangbah-shnongs of East Jaintia Hills have also written to the government of Meghalaya to The National Highway from Mookyndur to Malidor has been completed.
The opening ceremony of the Wah Umsngad Bridge funded by the MDC of Mawkynrew Constituency through the MDC Scheme has been a great blessing to the village as a whole. The speakers who spoke at the meeting said that it is a dream in which the people of the village have been waiting for thousands of years since Bah Martle Mukhim who was an MLA/MDC, after that. Remington Pyngrope, who has written many promises, ends only in the Word.
A total of 4612 students from 121 schools in different districts of the state participated in the competition held in April this year and from these 50 students were selected. to participate at the state level.
The procession started at 10 pm and the Catholics took part in the prayer while walking in the procession.
For the month of January to April, the Central Government has released T.262.06 crore to Meghalaya.
Shillong, July 17: U Bah Shun Lyngdoh, President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, on Tuesday slammed the Congress party for using the country's leaders to be its vote bank. Speaking to reporters, Bah Shibun said that the BJP leader's remarks were made on the allegation by the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Zenith Sangma that the BJP has links with the RSS. He said that the BJP and the RSS are their own and have nothing to do with ei ei. The BJP has the right to vote.
The death toll has risen to 9 from East Khasi Hills, 4 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from South West Garo Hills, 2 from West Jaintia Hills and 2 from West Jaintia Hills. .
Despite the heavy rainfall, the Tulba Mawlai Seng has worked tirelessly to conduct this successful cleaning drive.
On the other hand, IG BSF Sudesh Kumar, who led the Indian team, said that the North East militants are in Bangladesh.
The bodies of the four were tied together from their hands with a tyllai and their bodies were stabbed with weapons from the head and neck.
The President of the union told SP News Agency that they have taken this decision because the state government has appointed Dr Nongbri to look after the blood bank at the Civil Hospital Jowai.
They also asked the NIOS why the NIOS has hired teachers to train the teachers and now why it is silent when these errors occur. NIOS finds it difficult to come forward to plead.
On the other hand, the Seng fully supports the Dorbar Shnongs of these villages who have unanimously demanded the immediate removal of these CRPF Camps. Once again, the peace and stability of this area has been restored.
On the other hand, the KSU Jowai Unit on the same day had a meeting with the District Council authorities, where the KSU Jowai Unit urged them that the JHADC should hold a On the other hand, the Council authorities have promised to continue the search and inspection of foreigners from time to time. These foreigners who have come to earn money illegally without having the necessary documents, as demanded by the KSU, said that the Council should immediately start the investigation. sla across the areas under the jurisdiction of JHADC so that those who do not have proper documents will face severe punishment.
In this regard, the regulation of the number of employees in government departments has caused a lot of trouble and many government departments are still struggling to get the documents to ensure that there will be no errors.
In this competition there are five parts depending on their weight.
He said that the party cannot tolerate such drug use and also the pollution of this place in the middle of the city.
He said that in the RTI dated 15 Feb 2023 which he had submitted to the office at Q no 5 it was written please provide the name of the contractor for the set works.
The curfew will be only for shops, commercial vehicles and coal trucks, but small vehicles will be allowed to leave on that day.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The celebration of the World Environment Day, which was launched on July 5, 1974 by the United Nations Environment Program (UNEP), is an issue that needs to be understood to spread the message to all. residents to the hazards caused by the widespread destruction of trees or forests which causes the pollution of the air, as well as the cleanliness of drinking water.
Online Travel Aggregator Convention Center and others.
On the demand that he should resign, the Minister of Home Affairs said, “I have done nothing wrong, I don't know anything. The law shall not forgive those who are in the household.
Through this statement, the party would like to urge all the members of the party and all the members of the political parties not to be afraid even though we are being challenged in many areas through the scientific strategy of the government. but we will strengthen our demand, because we demand the right to peace of the present and the future.
He said that this provision of health care to all people is a great task.
The robbers set fire to these two offices at 2.10 pm.
In a letter sent to the DC of East Khasi Hills, he said that the reply to the request for clarification on this issue is as follows.
However, we cannot trust this, because we have seen the example of EPIC that it has over-ridden the syrnod of Waheh Shnongs in the needs of government and private departments.
Pynshngain Langpen from Body Zoo won the MR.7 Wasa Award
The distribution of safe drinking water and traditional health care, the distribution of medicines for marginalized people such as women, the elderly, farmers, the elimination of child labour, etc. .
Command said that the farmers of Phlangwanbroi and Mawsynram should stand up for themselves and talk about the problems faced by the farmers of Phlangwanbroi and Mawsynram.
Julias Lymba, 27, when she saw that her son Tariang Lymba, 8 years old, was still in the middle of the water, she went to try to rescue her son but the water turned red. no to them.
According to a report by the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG), five dewbilat companies in Jaintia Hills have violated the provisions of the Forest (Conservation) Act, Permission from the Ministry of Environment and Forest (MoEF) even if the projects are located in thick forest areas.
The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills has alleged that the Syiem of Sohra Hima has collected T.400 tyngka from each truck carrying stone to Bangladesh and this could cause trouble.
A total of 1220 teachers have written the examination and 120 have passed.
The Chief Secretary of the State, Bah DP Wahlang in his speech, praised the work of the Scouts and Guides for their hard work and congratulated all the teachers in this group who have dedicated themselves. for the youth to teach even in the midst of many difficulties.
Those who wish to apply should apply on line and the closing date will be on the 24th of this month, said Banshai Dkhar, IOC Nodal Officer.
On our part, we have demanded for a long time to open this PHC because such PHCs are the source of development to serve the poor and needy in this area.
In the policy prepared by the government which will be implemented in 2013, according to the Minister of State in charge of Lands, Bah Bindo Lanong, the words to say that The coal mining industry has not been included in this policy even though the government has from time to time claimed that there will be no ban on coal mining.
The department has also launched several hashtags to be used worldwide, such as International Day of Yoga
Speaking to u SP News Agency, HS Shylla said that on Saturday, his supporters led by Hilarius Warbah as Chairman will meet with the CEM of KHADC on the 3rd of this month to seek clarification. The MDC scheme in Nongkrem constituency has been delayed.
Regarding Mariang, whose MLA is from the UDP, she has not yet taken a decision and Rambrai has not been able to do the same.
“According to my knowledge, I don't know, but I don't know what's behind it. Since they came to arrest, they've come from the intelligence department to investigate,” said Bah Diengdoh. They were taken to Sardar and after two hours they were taken to Jowai.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister said that in Meghalaya there is no difference between women and men and they get equal respect.
While the resignations of Albinus Lyngdoh and Victor Rani have not been accepted, Hedrian Lyngdoh has joined the Congress party and the UDP party has won. The Congress' decision to suspend Bah Pynshngian has created problems on both sides.
Another part is the Meghalaya Teacher's Information Management System, which they want to improve the technology. The government's aim is to improve the quality of teachers, which has prompted the government to force teachers to They should attend the training, because when they pass the training, the training of the children, there is no need to explain who through the training they receive will give their students the right training. completely.
At the same time, the Dorbar decided to meet with both the CEMs of KHADC and JHADC to discuss many issues of the Hima/Elaka.
The union demands that the government should release the remaining three months salary from July, November and April. schools to teach as usual and urged to pray for them.
Through these, the Vision Document aims to empower the people of the North East.
He said that the Congress party is an old party which includes all the ethnic groups and religions and all the people accept it and urged the party office bearers to win with dignity for Bah John Anthony Lyngdoh.
The union has talked to the government from time to time on this issue and hopefully in the coming years it will succeed and work according to the plan of the state government,” said Bah Kitbok.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: There have been many rude messages sent during the MLA election by some private individuals with unpleasant intentions.
U-19 Men Best Batter – Yugandhar Singh (Nagaland),Best Bowler – Anil Gupta (Nagaland), Best Wicketkeeper – Dipankar Baruah (Meghalaya).
The State Government has revoked the illegal order issued to the Under Secretary of Social Welfare Department for not allowing Scheduled Tribe (ST) applicants to apply for Scheduled Tribe (ST) status. from the father or from the mother or from the marriage of the husband to a non-Khasi woman.
The identity of the nation is through the language they speak, so he urged the students even though they are far from home not to forget their culture and heritage, because the forgetfulness of these parts of the country. It will bring confusion and confusion in the lives of the youth of the nation.
The meeting was convened by the National Institute of Fashion Technology, Shillong in collaboration with the Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC), Government of Meghalaya.
no.9402118693, Ph.D.
Shillong, Nailar 25: Tura MP Conrad K Sangma and former Rajya Sabha MP Thoms Sangma today visited the members of AMMPWA who have staged a strike to demand the rights of the people of Meghalaya. government to take them under the health department.
However, he said that next month the office will be able to get a clear information on when to appoint these new MDCs.
With this acceptance of MHIS-III by NEIGRIHMS, it will benefit many people who visit this central government health centre. There are 1129 cases in the hospital.
The union feels that the actions of the state government have something behind them or there may be something wrong with the benefits of some of the leaders, in which we in our state also have Many of the people who have graduated and are skilled in running the power stations of MeECL. There is a huge loss of jobs for our youth in this state who have worked in various jobs of MeECL and the rights of the youth will be replaced by foreigners who are their own people. company.
Nongpoh, June 15: The Ri-Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF), of the 20 Mer Branch, has recently renewed its office bearers. next week.
In the past few days, the Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav was held in preparation for the 75th Anniversary of India's Independence from the British, the Prime Minister said. Through the “mann Ki Baat”
The VPP leaders said that this is only the beginning and from now on they will continue to raise more demands for the benefit of the people.
After the training, a briefing was held at Yojana Bhavan, Shillong in the presence of JK Sinha, Member, NDMA, Bah PBO Warjri, Additional Chief Secretary, PK Srivastava, Principal Secretary, and LKharkongor, Principal Secretary. Sanjay Goyal, Deputy Commissioner, Shivajee Singh, Senior Consultant, NDRF (NDMA) and other relevant officials were also present.
The referees decided to take the tie breaker and Ngundilang SC scored 4-2 goals.
Therefore, the union strongly condemns the DC's statement and the District Level Team's lack of care before giving any explanation whether in writing or in the media.
The workshop was organized by the NCPCR in collaboration with the Meghalaya State Commission for the Protection of Child Rights (MSCPCR) and Seva Bharati Purbanchal (SBP).
When it comes to drugs, the government will take a decision to fight against drug abuse and to fight strongly and the government will not forgive anyone in the fight against drugs.
Umsning, Naitung 29: The construction of the 4-lane road from Ladumroi to Jorabad has been going on but why in Umsning the government has not been able to do anything to start it and what is the problem for the government to take a decision? this is the road.
In 2018, he took a loan of T.20 lakh from the MIDC to expand the project and has now employed 17 people.
Shillong, Naiwieng 03: The Dorbar of Chief Executive Members of Hynniewtrep Hills District (KHADC) has urged the KHADC authorities to allow them to consider the bill proposed by the 30 MDCs. I'll decide tomorrow.
Shillong, Lber 04: The new Executive Committee of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) was sworn in today at the Soso Tham Auditorium by the Visiting President of the KSU, Bah Daniel Khyriam.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: Meghalaya has received the 5th Mother Teresa Memorial Award for the year
On the other hand, the Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) said that there is hope to find the bodies of the dead inside the coal mine with the arrival of the Navy.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: At a welcoming ceremony for Hame Shaniah Suiam, Mairang Kickboxing Association (MSA) has expressed its deep gratitude to Hame Shaniah Suiam for his death. Shaniah Suiam has reached the 2017 WAKO World Seniors and Masters Kickboxing Championships in Budapest, Hungary.
Minister Duh said he was pleased that Arunachal and the North East are leading the way in some signs of progress and said, “Development projects are reaching Arunachal and the east side as the first days.
He also visited the road in Mawlai Iewrynghep, which needs a drainage system, as the sewage flows along the road in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong Bah Kynsai M Lyngdoh and the Seng Samla Mawlai Iewrynghep.
The deceased was identified as Khartik Ghosh, 50, of Anandamnath Tura, who was taken to Civil Hospital Tura on 17/09/2020 and died today. to other parts of your body.
Payments in the UPI increased from T.0.5 billion in March, 2016 to T.598 billion in November,
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: U DP Minister Paul Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the party will elect the best candidate for the MP election. From the UDP, he said that the party has not yet decided whom it will send as the party's candidate.
She said it is very important to conduct such programs from time to time, to raise awareness on the rights and responsibilities.
The Rs 2 crore released by the MLA of the area is from the Special Urban Work Program (SUWP) scheme of Rs 2 crore. In his speech, Bah Sanbor urged all the committees to implement the schemes in a proper manner for the benefit of the MCIC. the public is not good.
The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC), through its leader Bah Sadon K.Blah, who is also the President of the HNYF, has said that the peace talks will continue only if the State Government and the Central Government agree. they drop all cases filed against party leaders and members.
The spokesperson of the DBF Company said; “The purpose of this program is to guide the mothers who come from low income households and to be able to improve in the field of education through the field of suhjain in the villages. to help them become self-reliant in providing for their own needs.
The HFU will wait until the 28th to discuss and if it is not as demanded, we will take action to lodge a complaint with the government through the Metrology Department and we will also appeal to the Chairperson of the Farmers Commission,” he said. let Alphonsebirth.
This step enforces the rules.
He said he hoped this meeting would be a platform to discuss progress on such important issues.
Police have registered a complaint at Lum Shnong Police Station under the provisions of the law.
Speaking to reporters, the EM in charge of Elaka Affairs said that after the HNYF came to lodge a complaint, it has sought clarification from the Hima Mylliem and from the Hima. you have explained about this place.
Boniphilia Shullai, con.
These 40 demands were made by the civil society in accordance with the Eastern Bengal Frontier Regulation Act,
Saleng A Sangma is MLA from 56-Gambegre Constituency in West Garo Hills District where he has served as MLA for three terms, in 2013 and as an independent candidate in won from the Nationalist Congress Party and 2023 from the Indian National Congress.
However , the people of the state have returned to their home state but they have to follow the rules and regulations laid down by the government The authorities of Kamrup District of Assam have not cooperated.
From abroad, people come to seek treatment with herbs, but the problem is that the traditional healers don't have enough accommodation, places to go outside, they don't speak in the Dorbar Shnongs, to allow them. outside to come for treatment in their village.
Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, in the presence of Bah Sngewbhalang Dhar, Deputy CM, today spoke to reporters on the issue. The issues related to her appearance to contest the MP election from Shillong seat.
After the expiry of the deadline of 4 pm, the members of the HYC continued to protest at the scene.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: As part of the celebration of the 75th Anniversary of the Assam Regimental Center in Shillong, students of the Sainik School of Nagaland State visited the Assam Regimental Center for three days from 16th to 16th. on the 18th of this month.
The opening of the warehouse of the Women's Wing in Lumsohping village today is a collaboration between them in which they have been able to purchase the necessary equipment but do not have the warehouse, with the donation. On his part as an MLA, he has been able to provide a warehouse.
If the KHADC implements this new law, the price will be lower and the people will be able to register their land.
At this meeting, the District Councils were informed that the Central Government's request to amend the Sixth Schedule is currently with the Parliamentary Standing Committee. There is still something to suggest, but as it is, the District Councils and the State Government have expressed their unity.
Shillong, March 22: U Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy today visited the body of Archbishop Rev Dominic Jala which has been laid to rest at the Cathedral in Laitumkhrah. in a car crash in the United States.
Shillong, Naitung 30: The Superintendent of Police (ESP) East Khasi Hills District, Bah M Kharkrang, on Tuesday said that after receiving a tip that some insurgents from Garo Hills have tried to smuggle into Shillong. Police have arrested him in Garo Hills.
In the 67 kg category, Raksil N Sangma from West Garo Hills scored 142 points and won the gold medal while from South-West Khasi Hills, only one won the gold medal. .
This year, the village has received an allocation from the Border Area Department to build a road from Nongeitser to Mawtngam but the allocation has been allocated only about 1200 meters (1.2 km).
Jowai, June 17: After receiving information through RTI from the AJYWO Central Body on the availability of Trading Licenses, that there are only 1397 Trading Licenses in Jaintia Hills, the The union has urged the JHADC to close down the foreign shops without Trading License so that our people can start their own businesses.
On the other hand, the owner of the factory said that the cause of the incident is unknown as it was a time when there were no people.
There is also training on how to sew, weave, produce or make food, run food shops and make stone blocks.
These items were handed over to the Dorbar Shnong Mawsiatkhnam by Samla Biangbor L. Paliar President of KSU Mawlai Circle who is also the Vice President of KSU Sengkmie.
Referring to the Central Government's intention to introduce the Citizenship Bill, the Prime Minister said that the people of the North East cannot accept this because they understand what will happen and We have seen the opposition of the people in the form of demands such as ILP and other measures to curb the entry of foreigners into the area.
The HYC Lawsohtun Unit urges the authorities to punish such people according to the law, said Bah Aiborlang in a statement sent today.
It was also reported in the House that the Central Government has allowed 100% foreign investment in the coal industry.
The Supreme Court has upheld the recent decision to hear its own petition for the states of Assam, Tripura and Assam. North East and other complaints received from different parts of India.
Shillong, July 25: The announcement of the names of the candidates by the Congress and BJP supporters has been delayed. before the 31st of this month.
Speaking to reporters in Shillong, the Union Minister said that the recent incident in Uttar Pradesh is not an expulsion or a victory, but an incident where the country has been defeated. It is a government place where they have arranged, but it is alleged that Christians have been discriminated against.
"“It's sad if you're the owner of the land.
On the other hand, political parties like UDP, HSPDP, KHNAM have expressed their agreement with the demands of the HYC but will continue to talk within their parties before meeting with the HYC. The National People's Party (NPP) has announced that it will meet next day regarding the HYC's letter and will discuss within the party before giving the letter. anything you see.
At the same time, the Kur demands that the law enforcement authorities especially the police should investigate thoroughly the perpetrators and punish them according to the law. Edwin and should be punished according to the law.
After committing the crime, on the following day, he went to leave them near the forest of NEHU. Police have already arrested the perpetrator. The parents of these children have already lodged an FIR against Bah Wahlang, said the HANM leaders. Shillong, Nailar 13: U Momerul Islam, a resident of Dubegaon village in Mankachar district, Assam, has lodged a complaint with the Chokpot Police Station that his brother Sohidul Islam has been abducted. Deku is located in South Garo Hills District.
Therefore, we should be surprised as leaders that we should not expect too much from the vote bank of foreigners, but we should also think for the future of the country and the country.
The Government wants to bring about change by taking steps to bring about change in the human being. The Government has taught those in prison how to stand on their own feet in various fields. diverse.
Speaking at the award ceremony, MLA Himalaya Shangpliang, MLA of the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar, said that the award is only for those who have passed well in the examination. but from now on we should also turn to those who have done well in the sports, the border as well.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Adelbert Nongrum MLA, Bah Mohendro Rapsang MLA, MDCs, church office bearers and elders from the villages.
The public is urged to visit this place if there is any urgent matter.
However, they have not been able to give any opinion until they have received permission from the Kpoh and also, they have not been able to send a leader or spokesperson on behalf of the Seng Kur Ka Mei-Sin until they have received permission. clean and clean first inside the house.
The funeral of the former Prime Minister of India was brought to Shillong by Bah David Kharsati from Guwahati and placed at the office of the party. Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek in the presence of party leaders.
However, there are still many genuine grievances that non-government teachers should receive.
Since that year, this day has been set aside to commemorate the people in uniform who have sacrificed their lives for the sake of the country.
Speaking to reporters after the party meeting, he said that it is not the BJP that has gone to support the Congress but it is the Congress that supports them. claim.
On the other hand, JACATAM wants to meet with the Minister of Education, Dr RC Laloo because they have been waiting for a year and a half but nothing has been done to invite the members of the union or to give their requests.
Rajya Puraskar Certificates were also distributed to 40 Guides, 28 Scouts, 8 Rovers and two 2 Rangers.
The death toll from the disease has risen to 1471 with three deaths from East Khasi Hills District.
“The District Leaders should not remain silent when the people are facing such problems,” said a statement sent by the Publicity Secretary, Samla Hamewanpynhun Ryngkhlem.
He said that this village has been demanding a school for more than 30 years.
She said that many foreigners have an understanding that it has affected the entire region and this has distanced the relationship between other parts of India.
“Rapido has received a Temporary License for 6 months because at that time the Act and Rule did not exist and now the Rule has been announced publicly and they know that the Rule exists and they have started to apply for a permit,” he said.
Vrs. 23 November 1971 and on the basis of Article
It is learned that on this day, the KHADC has already submitted the building regulations to the government.
This is only the beginning to reach every household and there will be many more in the future, said Bah Shangpliang.
The concern regarding these crimes is not only by the people in the community but also by the police department. do not allow in relation to such crimes that the perpetrator escapes from the police custody safely.
The union appealed to the MDA Government to look into our issues and said that if the law enforcement agencies take the law into our own hands, we too will take the law into our own hands. right hand.
The annual collection of funds by the Hima Mylliem is not low.
Thabah said that if these criminals are willing to commit such acts against the MLA of Nartiang, it could endanger the people of the state and also the instability in the country. the coming and going of the people.
“On the other hand, we have political parties like the Congress which have a view that women and indigenous peoples do not have peace in the areas under their control.
Shillong, Kyllalengkot 03: An earthquake has struck Tura this morning and no casualties have been reported. jumai today.
Jowai, Nailar 20: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) Central Body today celebrated its 9th anniversary of service to the community. The founders of the JYF on 19th-Aug-2004 founded the JYF under the leadership of Ma LD Lakiang (Founder President) and Ma Jinky Gassah (Founder Secretary), Ma Sanio Siangshai (Vice President) and Lamitrei Lyngdoh (Finance Secretary) were also present.
Bankitkupar Kharbani, brother of Mcbornbonnyson, said that Medius Mawlot, who was arrested by the police, admitted that he was alone but Bankitkupar said that there were people. They found out about the incident but while they were trying to help Bah Macborn, they were threatened with a knife by two people who were in the area and they could not flee home.
Mawsynram, Naitung 19: The Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr RC Laloo, today inaugurated the Sub Divisional Office at Mawsynram in the presence of C Ymbon Parliamentary Secretary to the State Government in the presence of MLA PN Syiem who is also the CEM of KHADC. The office will assist the people of this area in the field of providing drinking water to the people.
HITO has sent a complaint to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District against the office bearers of the Umsning Town Durbar.
Shillong, July 04: The Congress party strongly condemns the destruction of a church in Chattisgarh and the persecution of minority Christians. The Central Government and the State Government should take action to punish according to the law.
On this occasion, the Symbut Myntri Rangbah urged the people to work together with the government to bring better health services to the people and to improve the quality of health services in the state as a whole.
In the first leg of the tournament, the girls of Ri-Bhoi District beat Eastern West Khasi Hills District 5-1
The march will start from Mawlai Nongkwar Basic School at 12 noon and end at Madan Heh Stadium Phudmuri.
The Government has sent a letter to the Superintendent of Police of the two districts in Goa , North and South , to search for the suspect .
Following the programs across the country on this day, the group under the Ministry of Youth Affairs has organized this cycle rally to encourage people to live a life of respect for the country. health.
Under the leadership of Sub Inspector BD Sangma, the SDRF team cut down the trees that had fallen on the electrical signs on the road leading to the College of Community Science, Sangsanggre, Tura on Tuesday.
He congratulated the three states that came first and especially Meghalaya for playing well especially the Athletics Team which won the title.
He also alleged that the presence of politicians has caused division in the household, the village, the kingdom and the kingdom and so on. it’s a terrible thing.
The meeting has been held three times through video conferencing (30th November, 9th November, 16th November, 27th November and 8th July, 2024).
A copy of the letter has been sent to the MLAs, MDCs, MPs, Chief Executive Members from Village, Raid to Hima and also to the Sengbhalang to take action on this issue.
Police are investigating into the discovery of the money.
On the other hand, the AITC candidate asked how the NPP candidate has criticized them. Stodingstar Thabha said that they are people who should be respected. of him dismisses such criticism.
The Minister said the schemes of the Government of India are for the benefit of all the people of the country including ST, SC and Divyang and there are 8000 such camps across the country.
The same celebration was held at Jowai District Hospital, Ialong.
If the government does not take action within these two weeks, the party will call for a strike.
Dr Mukul said that because he wanted to work for the people when he was a child, he resigned from the post of service to the people, due to the delay in receiving the resignation letter. In 1993, he had to contest as an independent candidate, but since 1988, he has won on the Congress ticket.
The Deputy Commissioner of Mawkyrwat, R.Lyngdoh, who is also the Chairman of the Basin Development Unit of the district, also held a similar celebration. The meeting was held at the Multipurpose Hall, Deputy Commissioner's Office, Mawkyrwat.
Bah Khyllep joined the post as Inspector in the Taxation Department in 1980 and during these years he has worked well until he reached this rank.
There are 60 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 40 from West Garo Hills, 8 from West Garo Hills, 5 from South West Garo Hills, 3 from East Garo Hills and 1 from Ri Bhoi. There are 11154 people so far.
The holding of the Group of 20 Summit in the city, under the Presidency of India, is a great achievement.
Regarding this action of the government, many civil society organizations such as the MPLU, the KSU have protested against the appointment of an officer who is still behind in the post of Chief Officer. state.
Shillong, July 30: Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma today met Union Home Minister Amit Shah in Delhi to discuss the decision of the House. The Inner Line Permit (ILP) has been implemented in Meghalaya.
All these things we cannot achieve without the hard work of those office bearers of the Seng, according to the duties assigned to them.
The 13 teachers who were awarded were the Principal of Laban Assamese Girls' Higher Secondary School, V.Dipali Sharma Rao, Belinda Kharsati, Head Teacher, Pomlahier Lower Primary School, Babu Sising Ryntong, Assistant Teacher, New Nongstoin B Government Lower Primary School, Babu Apborsing L. Mawlong, Assistant Teacher, Tirot Sing Memorial Government Upper Primary School, Nongkhlaw, Babu Kwirin Diengdoh, Maw Sawadmaster Ewanmidaka Mukhim, Assistant Teacher, Government Girls' Higher Secondary School, Jowai, Babu Ribait Oo Pde, Assistant Teacher, Tuber Babu Kmaishnong Golak Chandra Medhi, Assistant Lecturer, Jirang Government Higher Secondary School, New Jirang, Babu Babansing Ch.
Which is Saturday.
As a Rangbah Shnong, when taking a decision, you should take a decision without hesitation and when you take a decision, even the person who has been convicted should understand that it is a mistake on his part. For this reason, as the Rangbah Shnong, when he takes a decision, he takes it slowly and that decision will be appropriate.
Therefore, there are some words that may not be accepted or agreed upon, but if they are important words, they should be practiced in writing, reading and speaking, and it will be appropriate. not enough.
The meeting was attended by the Village Authorities from all the villages along the Umngot River and the Village Authorities and Leaders from Darrang Elaka.
On this occasion, the KSU together with the North Eastern Sengbhalang under the umbrella of NESO have decided to hold a Black Flag Day in all the capitals of the North Eastern States. to protest against the incident in Tripura and Manipur.
The cities of Assam, Tripura and Arunachal Pradesh have been connected by railway lines on time. Regarding the remaining railway lines, NR Railway has set a target to complete the lines and it remains to be fulfilled.
Shillong, July 24: Nine villages in Umkiang area from Chymplong to Ratacherra have given their full support to the call for a night curfew by the AJYWO, KSU, FKJGP and others. The HNYF on the 27th and 28th of this month to protest against the government's failure to repair the National Highway 44 due to its poor condition which has affected the traffic of the people. .
The Chief Minister agreed and said his Government has decided to send an immediate inquiry to collect an impact assessment to determine how many people and how to help those affected. He said that the Government will take action especially the poor who earn their living from the coal industry. The Chief Minister said that the State Government has also faced problems due to the NGT ban. He said that the lack of action from the past until now, 42 years since the state was independent in 1972 until the ban by the NGT, has come. bring trouble to the present generation.
Besides, Kiren Rijiju, Lok Sabha MP from Arunachal Pradesh West, may be included in the new cabinet.
Independent MLA from Nongkrem Constituency Bah Lambor Malniang who is also Chairman of the State Planning Board has left for Ampati to campaign for the NPP candidate. NPP leaders from Khasi Hills also went to Ampati to campaign for the party candidate.
He said that the residents of neighboring villages on receiving information about the incident came to the village.
The Chairman of the KSUPBH wants to see that the border issue with Assam should be resolved, at the same time as the people of the state need to know what has been signed. , it is necessary for the government to inform the public through the media as it is in the form of public announcement.
He said that Bah Macmilan is a son who used to earn money for his family. He used this jeep to carry water every day. Lad Mawlang is something that has no foundation.
The SP said that on the 5th of this month, Kynsaijun was arrested and during the investigation he confessed that he is a member of the HNLC and went for 10 months training with Cyfrank. Pariah.
In the Kayak Cross, Elizabeth Vincent from Meghalaya achieved 1st place.
On the 16th, the President will address the members of the Self Help Groups at Baljek Airport, Tura.
Prestone said the government has taken this step because it is difficult for everyone to transport food items from Shillong. There is a need to ensure that the people do not suffer.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, most of those who have tested positive for COVID-19 are from East Khadi Hills. 74 cases, 12 cases in Ri Bhoi, 16 cases in West Garo Hills.
The prize money for the competition is T.1 lakh and the winner will be the Brand Ambassador of Don Bosco Media Network to participate at the International Level as the Vocal Star or 'The Voice' outside India.
Prestone said the government has not provided any assistance to those who have died of swine flu regarding the need for ambulances within the Ministry of Agriculture. The department said in the House that there are no mobile ambulances.
In other districts, West Khasi Hills 3, South West Khasi Hills 1, Ri Bhoi 93, West Jaintia Hills 16, East Jaintia Hills 6, West Garo Hills 82, South West Garo Hills 2, South Garo Hills 3 and North Garo Hills .
“SUNFLOWERS WERE THE FIRST ONES TO KNOW” is about a young woman who has caused trouble in the village.
The Minister said that the problem of the farmers is that they don't have enough money and that is why the farmers have to take money before planting or just come to harvest the crops and this creates problems for the farmers. with this assistance will help the farmers.
The group says the perpetrators should be punished according to the law.
On the 24th of this month, there was a Christmas Eve service to commemorate the incarnation of the Lord Jesus and on the morning of the 25th, the faithful from different religious groups held a Christmas service. prayer to celebrate Christmas in a peaceful manner.
Shillong, Nailar 03: The Garo Hills State Movement Committee (GHSMC) today met with the Union Home Minister Kiren Rijiju in Delhi. They have submitted a petition to demand their own state for the Garo people.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: U Himalaya Shangpliang MLA Mawsynram Constituency today praised the government of Conrad K Sangma and Minister of Agriculture Banteidor Lyngdoh for the the recognition of the tyrpad leaf and the Sohmarit to become marrep.
The Government's assumption that all those who come from outside the North East are from the Red Zone is that it is impossible to know what will happen when they return to the road. , because the tain will move from one place to another.
Therefore, if we today, don't work now to protect our nation, who else and when the peace and freedom of the nation in our own country, even if we are poor, is much more important than the growth of the economy will steal us all.
The BSF said that the smuggling of cattle from Meghalaya to Bangladesh is increasing at this time and the smugglers are fighting as hard as they can to smuggle cattle into Bangladesh. Shillong, June 24: The Director of Distribution, Bah Rocket Syiem, on Tuesday said that they have not yet received an estimate of the loss of electricity posts in the cyclone. happened in the last few days.
He also advised the States to implement restrictions on travel and human resources.
Ahead of the Lok Sabha elections in Meghalaya on June 19, 2024, the United Democratic Party (UDP) has faced a challenge after the leaders of Ri Bhoi District took a decision. to terminate the relationship with the party.
Replying to Bah Ardent's statement, 'Don't be an MLA by force,' Bah Pathaw said, “I have been elected by the people of Mawlai Constituency as an MDC to look after Mawlai. Constituency and since I won in 2019 I have not rested and am ready to work for the Constituency.
The Indian Olympic Association (INA) will continue to monitor the work until it can restore the dignity of the nation before the Indian Olympic Association (IOC), according to a statement sent by Bah Donbok Dkhar President and Bah Donbok Dkhar. Wanbun N Dkhar is the General Secretary of the party.
In the raid, BSF troops in the presence of Meghalaya Police seized 18,800 grams of Yaba from Tikrikilla in West Garo Hills District. .
The party has already sought permission from the Home Ministry to meet him on the issue of put u sam and we hope that within these months we have received an appointment from his office so that we can meet him on the issue of put u sam. he shared with others his work.
The child has suffered injuries to his legs and arms and is undergoing treatment at the Civil Hospital, Shillong.
We must do whatever we can to remove stumbling blocks in their path and open up opportunities for them.
The second rule is that a foreigner must have proper documents and must know what he is doing, what he is doing, where he is staying and must not be allowed to stay for more than 179 days. the State If allowed to be valid.
On the 10th of this month, when NESO visited the state, it found that the police did not allow NESO members to visit the villages where members of the party were shot dead. students who are from Tripura.
Other speakers on the occasion were Prof Shahiuz Zaman, SN Rahman, Prof Abdul Mannan, Gauhati University; Dr SB Medhi (retd IAS), National Monitor, MORD, Central Government; Dr Bhubaneswar Deka, Principal, Bidya Bharati College who is also an Azan Peer Scholar; Tabiul Hussain (retd IAS) and  Moinul Haque Choudhury, Advocate Gauhati High Court.
On the other hand, HANM North West Khasi Hills has also found that there is a shortage of dentists in the CHC. Most of the time they don't come when the patients go for dental treatment. Most of the time they don't meet the doctors and go home without any treatment. Superintendent of CHC Mairang and spoke on this occasion and on the part of the Superintendent I promised to look into more details regarding the doctors or staff of the CHC, at the same time the Seng strongly warns all If the Seng receives complaints from the public regarding such shortages of doctors, the Seng will receive only their salaries without doing the work assigned to them. The organization will have to take other measures.
Denying the allegation, HANM Vice President Bah Bawan Nongsiej said that the protest of the HANM is for the cause of the people for the implementation of the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the HANM. Article 10 of the Constitution of India as approved by the State Legislative Assembly on 27th November
The Mahotsav aims to open up trade relations related to traditional tires, clothes, agricultural products and tourism and will open up opportunities for the economic development of the region.
Shillong, Lber 19: Police today arrested Namphyrnai Lyngdoh Peinlang, 21, of Peinlang village on charges of involvement in the bomb blast at Panjabi Lane in Themmawlong.
Shillong, July 11: A total of 159 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Jaintia Hills, 1 in East Khasi Hills, 131 in Ri Bhoi and 6 in West Garo Hills. 14, West Jaintia Hills 4,  West Khasi Hills
The EM in charge of Elaka Affairs said that the District Council has already appointed a special committee to look after the border affairs. the Hima in terms of the border.
At this meeting, the Government requested all the 7 MLAs of Shillong to join hands with the Government to urge all the private sector in Shillong and surrounding areas to go to Shillong. ai Tika more quickly.
One of the threats to the people of the State from this decision of the Government is that as it turns out, many of those who have been infected do not have any symptoms of this disease but until the tests are done. and they were found sick.
This has put the AICC leadership in a difficult position to decide.
He said the CBC's photo exhibition on Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav opens the way to go back to the time of India's independence struggle and to understand those times.
Kharshiing handed over a copy of the Presentation and the Meghalaya Sports Policy, 2019 to the Chairperson of the Commission, Professor SM Sungoh. Committee.
Together with the North Eastern States, NESO also held a protest in Shillong to condemn the inability of the Government of India to end the bloodshed in Manipur which has reached seven days. for 3 months.
The Chief Minister told the MCTA members that the government is looking into the implementation of the 7th Central Pay Revision for those teachers who receive their salaries according to the rules of the MCTA. UGC and the 5Pay Commission for teachers who receive salaries from the state government.
There are 86 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in West Khasi Hills today. The highest number of cases are from East Khasi Hills District (22 cases), 10 cases from Ri Bhoi District, 20 cases from West Garo Hills, Five cases from West Jaintia Hills and one district have been confirmed positive for COVID-1
This will enable electricity savings, reduce losses and increase the country's solar power generation capacity.
They will join the ranks of Constable (General Duty), Sub-Inspector (GD) and Non-GD Cadre Posts in various groups within the Ministry of Defense of the Central Government.
With the release of these leaders today, the party has decided to cancel their plan to go to the secretariat.
Shillong, Nailur 22: Answering a question by Niani D. Shira, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said that there are 124 consultants and these 59 consultants have been appointed to look after only the schemes received from abroad.
In TRS-ruled Telengana, the price of petrol is the second highest in India at T.109.66/litre.
“We have sent letters to them to support Bah Morning Mawsor and until this morning they have not responded and we have to withdraw,” said Bah Ivanlumlang Marbaniang. The Disciplinary Committee headed by Sohra MLA Gavin M Pariat as Chairman has been appointed to discuss the matter.
There will be a signing of an agreement with the ethnic groups of Assam in November
This booklet tells a story that helps to understand the beliefs about blood donation and urges the residents of Ri Bhoi District to come forward to donate blood for the good of the community.
Shillong, March 03: The Central Puja Committee (CPU) has organized a Drum Beat Competition 2022 at Rilbong this year. This is the city of Shillong.
Various programs were held on the occasion which started with a cleaning drive around the surrounding area of ​​a tourist attraction known as Wah Rashi. I am in the village of Syntung.
Shillong, November 05: The Hynniewtrep Social Democratic Party (HSPDP) today held a discussion on the topic “Khasi Jaintia State” at Dinam Hall Shillong. muktiar who explained the matter.
As soon as we learned of this, we the employees were shocked because the salary increase was too small.
On the other hand, the CEM also requested the Syiem of Mylliem Hima not to issue a non objection certificate (NOC) to those non tribals who open their shops without completing the process. The CEM said that he has received a letter from an organization known as the Meghalaya Greater Shillong Progressive Hawkers and Street. Two leaders of the Vendor Association, S Thabah and Biolin Pyrtuh, also signed the petition.
The market value of the drugs has reached T.1.1 crore.
Because the committee has not been empowered to make any promise, but over time it has not reached anywhere but it is the month of June 2022 when CCORMAU has received to meet with the Chief Managing Director to discuss this issue.
The eye treatment was inaugurated by the MLA of the area, Bah Sanbor Shullai in the presence of the President of the party, Biman Talukdar.
He said the central government together with the state government should take immediate action on this natural disaster in Garo Hills.
Shillong, Nailur 15: The opposition Congress MLAs today left the House after the Speaker of the House, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, refused to accept the motion. Process T Sawkmie, former General Secretary of the HNLC, on the issue of whether the government has done anything against the police allegedly involved in the shooting death of Cheristerfield Thangkhiew. Why didn't you accept the Point of Order according to the letter sent to the Bay? Why didn't you accept the Point of Order on the issue of what happened to the police? They were accused of shooting Cheris.
This action of the government and the company is for their own benefit as the government has given permission as it wishes.
Out of the 42 seats, 20 seats have been allocated to Khasi-Jaintia children, 17 to Garo and 5 seats to foreigners according to the reservation policy which allocates 40% to Khasi-Jaintia, 40% to Garo and 5% to others. The Seng has said that it does not accept any discrimination against Khasi-Jaintia students in the allocation of seats through the state quota. and also on the appearance of the names of the 2 foreign children (Scheduled Caste) is just a typographical error and it is not done on purpose.
Shillong, January 24: The ICAR Research Complex for the NEH Region, Umiam, today launched the Poultry Seed Project (PSP) for rice to be funded by the ICAR. NEC Secretary Ram Muivah was the chief guest.
Due to the absence of the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement dated 17th August 1948 signed by the Governor General of India with the Hima Khasi States and the Federation of Khasi States, in the Constitution of India, for example the Indian Registration Act 1908, the Forest Conservation Act 1980, the MMDR Act 1957, the Constitution Schedule Tribe Order 1950 and 1976, the NHAI Act 1988 and the Meghalaya Town Country Planning Act
At the same time, many experts have predicted that the disease will return in the third phase and it seems that the most affected will be the children but to take the decision to vaccinate. in the central government.
He was speaking at the celebration of the 49th Raising Day of the Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) in Ghaziabad.
In a notice issued on 16th November 2020, the DSEO said that those whose names have appeared in the notice to attend the interview should ran with them the documents. This is as directed by the Director of School Education and Literacy, Shillong.
On the other hand, KHNAM, which has one MDC, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, said that it will not support anyone and will stand in the middle. If there is an NCM against the EC, it will not vote to support. do not ask.
The authorities of East Khasi Hills District have imposed a curfew to curb the anger of the people.
Even the power of billions of dollars cannot shake her confidence.
I hope you will find me worthy to represent you in Parliament and please cast your vote in my name.
Treiborlang R Suchen said that the union requests the government to release not only the school fees but also the college fees for the poor students and the union also requests the owners of the houses to have a spirit of compassion and forgiveness. temporarily the student rent.
The teachers cannot just listen to this action of the Governing Body and today they have started this indefinite strike and their demand is that the teacher should be reinstated. They will continue their protest.
These incidents happen only because there is misleading and prejudice against any religion,” he said and urged the Government to take immediate action on this incident. , “I feel that this government should take measures to curb such biases.
Shillong, Naitung 21: There are 61 new cases of COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, 1 in East Jaintia Hills, 12 in Ri Bhoi and 5 in South Gara. Hills 3, West Garo Hills 36, West Khasi Hills 2, total cases
Shillong, June 01: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Matsiewdor N War, on Tuesday said that they are still considering the issue of the purchase of goods by the traders from the rural areas. .
In this speech, the union expressed its regret over the problems faced by the people of the area due to the increasing power shortage and shortage of electricity, as we know that the Nartiang Sub-Station cannot carry electricity since Namdong area is located on the border.
Shillong, Lber 13: The Business Advisory Committee under the chairmanship of Speaker Donkupar Roy today scheduled the election for the Deputy Speaker of the Legislative Assembly. 21st of this month.
He said the Government will spend about Rs 23 crore for the Meghalaya Games.
Shillong, March 31: The United Democratic Party (UDP) today announced nine MDC candidates for the MDC elections to the JHADC, the remaining 20 constituencies and seven candidates for the KHADC. There are 17 constituencies and 12 constituencies.
On the other hand, these organizations will look into the cases related to the most prominent cases involving prominent figures.
Shillong, Nailar 11: In connection with the celebration of the Independence Day of India on the 15th of this month, the Under Secretary to the Governor of Meghalaya has announced that Raj Bhavan for the public on the 14th and 15th of this month.
Looking at the high number of light bills in Garo Hills, if the places where the people pay exactly, why should they be handed over to the private sector? bar the state.
Regarding the requirement that the participants must be under 26 years of age, the reason is that the participants must be young.
Police have arrested these two persons and during the investigation they have confessed to the police that they are members of a gang of robbers who have been involved in the robbery of sal trees. Bike, Tympew and others, it was reported that their leader was known as Rudra Rabha.
Bires first won the MLA election from Mawkyrwat Constituency in 1988 from the HPU and in 1998 he won again from this constituency on the UDP ticket and in 2003 he won again. from this same party.
Ramen Deka spoke to the party leaders on the political situation in the state, the border protest between Meghalaya and Assam and the I'm from Garo Hills.
The tournament was organized by Eagle Commando International Martial Arts Shorin Ryu Shido from Texas, USA.
Shillong, July 24: The total number of cases of COVID-19 in the state has risen to 111, with 5 cases tested positive today, 5 cases in East Khasi Hills and 2 cases in Ri Bhoi. .
The party will not stand idly by on this incident and if any incident occurs in the coming days, the government will have to take responsibility.
In conclusion, the group of Chief Executive Members agreed to look into the new Act which the Government will release, and to submit their views to the Government to improve the Act. new.
The BSF has seized 441 cows from the India-Bangladesh border at a market value of Rs 66 lakh.
The FKJGP Sengkmie would like to take this opportunity to express its special congratulations to the teachers for their hard work in the Shlem. to teach not only knowledge, but also manners and especially to open the doors for the students so that they can move forward to Mawmer to saindur. of life for a brighter future.
Samla Shemphang Lyngdoh, Secretary, Litigation Cell, Central Body, was also present at the ceremony.
On the same day, the Dorbar Shnong Iewpomthiah also held a ceremony to honor the students who have passed well in their examinations like HSLC and SSLC. shaphrang that they shape the future.
Marbaniang was admitted to H. Gordon Robert Hospital Shillong on the 10th of this month with shortness of breath and fever.
Also present on the occasion were Samla Auguster Jyrwa (General Secretary KSU), Aeric Jana (Office Secretary KSU), Albinus Lamurang (President KSU Amlarem Circle), Evaldus Lamin (Rangbah Shnong Bakur), and Hamristelary Lamin (General Secretary). K.S.U Bakur Dawki Unit).
This has ensured an improvement in India-US relations, with many consultations taking place on a 2 + 2 basis.
The remaining candidates will be announced soon, said Bah Nongtdu State President.
The family members said they did not pay anything to the kidnappers.
In connection with these incidents, the KHADC Secretary and the Shillong Press Club through the President David Laitflang and General Secretary Powel Sohklet have lodged an Ejahar against Paul Leong and Kimfa Marbaniang. They are the ones who led the gangs to bomb the enforcement police.
The arrangements have almost been completed and they hope that perhaps on the first or second day of this month they will be able to issue the shallans.
The employees of the Meghalaya House are now worried that if this happens, it will cause problems to the employees of the Meghalaya House because if they get sick they will not get a place to send them for treatment. Some of the employees had to be taken to Shillong for treatment.
The reason is that the UDP has not been able to work for the people.
The KSUP has seen the visit of CM Conrad Sangma to Delhi with the Cabinet and MLAs. , the Cabinet and the MLAs will come after Christmas 2019 and it seems that the Government of India has done nothing.
Shillong, Nailar 19: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, P Pandey, has convened a meeting of the Rangbah Shnongs of Riad Nongtung.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister has convened from time to time meetings on the construction of the road from Tura to Ampati, from 103 km to 133 km. The land was not built at all, for it was destroyed only a few months after it was built.
In response to the Maitshaphrang Movement, the JHADC said that the proposed land for the construction of the 45,000 hectare dewbilat factory of Adhunik Cement Ltd. However, in the reply from the Conservator of Forest (T&WL) of the Forest Survey of India, Dehradun regarding the map of forest areas in Jaintia Hills dated 13th June Modern Cement is a wild place.
The new office bearers of the Seng Kmie for the second term from 2018-2022 are Mr. Robertjune Khar Jahrin (BA,LLB) Mawkyrwat, the Vice Presidents are Mr. Donbok Kharlyngdoh (BA). ) Mawlai and Mr. Rhembor G Saibon (MBA, LLB) Mawlai.
The construction area of ​​the building is 15,688 sq meters and once completed it can accommodate up to 1000 students.
Speaking to media, the Sordar of Mawryngkneng Village, Bah Peter Lawai, said that the request to the District Veterinary Officer is to provide medicines at the Veterinary Dispensary in Mawryngkneng. He also said that there are farmers who have received training who can protect the livestock and treat them when various diseases strike.
Regarding the incident, the woman was injured and went to the hospital to get medicine. When a sample was taken from her and the result came out, it was found to be positive. The District Administration will do whatever it takes.
Earlier, on 22nd November 2019, they had completed the interview and for more than 4 years they have not been able to complete this job.
In his speech, Bah David Nongrum MLA of this area said that this is to help the people how to increase their income through this cattle breeding industry.
Sirsa's arrival in the capital came after a clash between two ethnic groups in the Iewmawlong area which started on the evening of 31st January.
In Jaintia Hills, only 30% of the employees in East Jaintia Hills and 92% in West Jaintia Hills.
He said that although the government has prepared these hospitals for those affected by Covid 19, but after careful consideration the government has decided that these hospitals should operate as usual.
This decision of the Government will open up a new future for Khadi exports.
All the VECs, who arrived from Mawryngkneng C&RD Block, agreed that the MGNREG Scheme should continue as many of the villages are still lacking in many aspects.
Hainess Marbaniang General Secretary said that this year's dance is also part of the celebration of the 75th Independence Day of India and the 50th Anniversary of the State. Contribute to this Shad Suk Mynsiem this year
In this meeting, the Deputy CEM of KHADC said that if the intention is to give this land to the army, the KHADC will not allow it, but if it is for the purpose of other development projects that the government has to do have to be reviewed.
Shillong, June 08: The United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM) today held a protest at the State Central Library to demand that the government should register the land owners on the border with Assam. .
Otherwise, the law enforcement authorities will take necessary action against those who violate the law.
The President of the KJNU said that as one of the residents of the state, he has lodged a complaint against those unknown persons who collect money from vehicles passing on this road. punish them according to the provisions of the law.
On the other hand, the DC has warned the traders that if anyone hides beverages with the intention of increasing the price of beverages in the market, they will not be punished.
In fact, the deadline for the examination conducted by the DSC has expired within one year but this time the government has extended it for another six months.
The Congress party and other opposition parties have demanded that there should be a special inquiry known as the Joint Parliament Committee (JPC) to look into the matter. mat however, I didn't find it.
The union will talk to the Chief Minister to seek the support of the government as this will help to promote tourism and the government is keen to attract tourists to this country. Meghalaya has its own country.
The President said that the issuance of Ayushman cards to all those who should benefit; conducting Ayushman workshops to educate residents in rural areas on health, hygiene and nutrition; the organization of Ayushman Melas; and the visits of doctors to Community Health Centers once a month under the Ayushman ApkeDwar 3.0 initiative are commendable initiatives.
For the care of the sick.
The BSF have arrested this man while he was entering India from Bangladesh and the BSF have seized the voting card of India from him. ATM Cards belonging to ICICI Bank, Driving Licence.
Regarding the spread of drugs, the people should also be blamed not only the government, if there is concern about the spread of drugs in India and in this state, the people should also be blamed. to work together and not just to blame the government.
Through belief in VasudhaivaKutumbakam—one world, one family, one future—and initiatives such as Mission Life, India has promoted itself as Vishwa-Mitra, a friend of the world.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has confirmed 4 recoveries, 3 cases from East Khasi Hills, 1 case from West Jaintia Hills, 93947 cases. There were 92,288 cases.
On this day, the army chiefs were also present.
It is learned that the person they met to discuss these issues was Rajendra Singh Yadev, Project Director.
This has made us more concerned because foreigners will come to decide and on this we will send a letter to the government that experts from this state should participate like Bah VGK Kynta, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, Bah Patricia Mukhim and others should not participate in this Expert Committee.
It may be recalled that in the past months of the protest of the 17 Dorbar Shnongs of Namchiang, the KSU Narpuh Circle has not issued a statement to support the protest of the Rangbah Shnongs and the people because we don't want to be like that now. yes and tomorrow yes.
After learning about the delay, the HNYF West Khasi Hill District in collaboration with the HNYF Sengkmie on 21st November met with the Minister of State in charge of the school. Rakkam Sangma, Minister of Education, on the non-operation of the school.
In this regard, the CEM of KHADC promised to take action to look into the matter and talk to the authorities in charge of the Raid and the Hima.
Furthermore, schools and other educational institutions shall be subject to the rules and regulations of the State Government.
Patients’ rights were respected and protected.
“Last year, the recovery rate in hospitals was 54 per cent, and it has increased to 76 per cent.
Earlier, a member of the Salesian Society, Father AL Jose, who is the Co-ordinator of the Centenary Celebration, gave a brief history of the Society.
Adarsh ​​Pradhan said that although there are many Death Metal musicians, the Society itself has no intention of misleading the society.
The story of the film was written by Bah Wanphrang Diengdoh and Baia Marbaniang who assisted the director.
The National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) has decided to support the candidates of other political parties in the Lok Sabha elections to be held on 19th June although the party has not been able to nominate a candidate. you can.
When you have a parking ticket without a receipt, you are surprised and ask why you don't have a receipt.
Shillong, Naiwieng 4: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War today said that 60 people have tested positive for COVID-19 today. West Garo Hills 7, West Garo Hills 6, West Jaintia Hills 4, South West Garo Hills 2, West Khasi Hills 1, total
At present, this will not be the case even in the coming years as the central government has not set a time limit for this. Go to colleges run by NEHU and others don't have to write this exam.
Kamal Mitra Chakma was shot dead inside his residence at Jalaki in Nagaland while he was on his way to submit a letter of request for leave. He left for Mizoram on the 10th of this month and after being shot, his body was thrown outside the army barracks and was seen by passers-by.
Speaking to reporters after the HPC meeting, the Chairman said that the companies that submitted the tenders according to the tender invitation of the PWD department are Simplex Infrastructure Pvt Ltd. Gautam Construction Pvt Ltd. increased by 21%, while Shapoorji Pallonji Co. Ltd. increased by 29.92%. keep.
Shillong, November 06: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has renewed its office bearers for the term 2017-2
The KSU sees that the Khasi youth are very talented in these sports as we have witnessed in the past that the Jaidbynriew has produced stars like Kong Linza Syiem, Bah Torak Kharpran and others.
The Information and Broadcasting Department of the Government of India has proposed to introduce the draft Broadcasting Services (Regulation) Bill,
During the inspection, it was found that many of them have followed the guidelines of the government and at the same time there are some who have violated the guidelines issued by the government. turn your hands to the shopkeeper.
Anyone found violating these rules will be punished according to the law and if there is any complaint regarding the irregularity in the distribution of ration, the beneficiaries can send a letter to the District Grievance Redressal. Officer.
There is no need for Bah Ardent to search because there are many boxes of letters and documents including photographs sent by the Dorbar from time to time to the KHADC authorities in the office of the CEM. There are times when the Chief Executive Members get CEMs and EMs who stand on the basis of the Constitution and sometimes the Chief Executive Members get CEMs and EMs who don't understand the new law. of the Khasi customs and traditions and the most terrible thing is when they put the party first and the customs and traditions behind.
“It's a good idea to have a Smart Card,” said Samla Garland S Manner, General Secretary of KSU Mynksan. At the same time, he was also the General Secretary of the KSU.
Pala said that many of the former Congress workers left the party because of Dr Mukul Sangma and now they are ready to return to the party. to the party, as the party has worked hard to strengthen the party.
Because of their illegal activities, they cannot do this.
They said that they have been trying to hold this dorbar kur since 2015 but they have not been able because it is not easy but they are happy that they have now decided to hold it at Mawblang.
All those who came to take part in this shooting competition were from 32 teams from all the states of India and from different armed forces.
During his visit to the area, he said that the area is very fertile and if modern technology is used, agriculture will grow.
Speaking to reporters, Bah John Kharshiing said that the IOA is still standing today even though people have forgotten it but it is still visible in many areas where the state government has always expressed its views. In many areas, the inability to bring about the amendment of the Sixth Schedule is due to the existence of the IOA. The Central Government, the State Government or the District Council shall have the right to contact the United Nations Organization (UNO).
Three houses were destroyed in the fire and two couples lost their lives in the fire. of the house catching fire in which they lived.
Benedic R Marak, MLA of the National People's Party (NPP) from Raksamgre Constituency in West Garo Hills District, today resigned from the party. to other parties.
Government officials present on the occasion were Additional Deputy Commissioner, DM Wallang, Extra Assistant Commissioner, BJ Kharshandi, C Passah, Deputy Director, Information and Public Relations, Assistant Director of Information and Public Relations. , R. Muksor and Head of Cinedarbaar, Satya Raj Rai of the North East.
These are the personal opinions of Soumya Kanti Ghosh.
Legislative department  T.76.26 lakh, Education Department T.1.77 lakh, Civil work and Development Department T.6.98 crore, Enforcement scheme for protection and tribal land and interest T.71.44 lakh.
It is not often that one person is so great as an activist and also as a politician but Patel has shown that this is possible.
At the same time, he praised the party for its hard work and blessed them to continue.
The union also urged the contractor to start the construction so that the people can travel safely and at the same time the union urges the Public Work Department (PWD) Road to immediately address the delay of the contractors who are constructing the road so that it can run smoothly and be completed on time, but “if the authorities do not do anything about this problem of the people of the area Therefore, the Seng will not hesitate but will take other measures,” said the statement.
In Andhra Pradesh you have the Andhra Pradesh (Andhra Area) Tenancy Act
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: U Bah Poland Sohphoh, who has resigned from his post as officer of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), has joined the BJP and will become the party's MLA candidate from the Mawkyrwat Legislative Assembly. The MLA election will be held in
James said that even the 17 acres of land in Umsawli is too small. He said that he will meet with other government ministers to move it to another place like Umsawli. The township will be located in New Shillong Township.
For her part, Ms Blah expects that this initiative will continue and the farmers in the district will benefit.
Hek handed over a check of T.2,04,000/- to Kerala Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan at the Chief Minister's office in Thiruvananthapuram.
It was also said that in order to get the money for these advertisements, it takes many years and that too you have to go to these various government departments.
After the discussion, the Parish Pastoral Council clarified that the church has not asked for assistance from the central government to beautify the church building of Parish Laitumkhrah.
Latest reports close to the NPP said that Dr W Kharlukhi has rejected the government's offer to take over the post.
Individuals who apply must be between 13 to 35 years of age and as of 1st June this year must not be less than 13 years of age.
: means a news that happened while it was still growing and at the same time it is an important news.
Shillong, March 29: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today handed over the land at Mawpdang Mawkhanu for the construction of the National Law University to Justice Sanjib Banerjee, Chief Justice of the High Court of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: After receiving a complaint, some people have been cheated by the government for depositing small amounts of money through companies or online gaming and online trading companies. KSU EJHDU led by Samla Pynshai Kupar Dkhar, Assistant General Secretary Samla Rangbah Shaniahskhem Dkhar and Samla Shwari Ryngkhlem met with the Branch Manager of State Bank of India (SBI) Ladrymbai.
Rebecca has become the first woman to become Chief Secretary of Meghalaya since the independence of Meghalaya. Former Chief Secretary MS Rao today handed over the post to the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya. day of rest from work.
He said that the government has taken all the necessary measures to bring the body to Shillong as soon as possible.
You may wonder if what I am saying is true in the past or in the last 10 or 20 years.
KHNAM has questioned MeECL why it has not been able to appoint those who have already passed.
We cannot learn much about him in these short times.
The school has been run by the Government for more than 10 years.
The important words here are 'some' because there are also some states that do not want to reduce the VAT to reduce these durumpheniang within these states.
The Canadian delegation invited the members of the MSPB to visit the country to see for themselves the products of the country in the field of agriculture and rice cultivation.
This tourist spot run by Mawlyngbna Village has attracted people from all over India to visit this place.
There were also various Jan Bhagidari programs such as sharing of experiences of Central Government schemes, full implementation of schemes like Ayushman Bharat, JalJeevan Mission, Jan Dhan Yojana, PM Kisan Samman Nidhi Yojana, ODF Plus status.
Shillong, Naitung 22: U Dr. Shankar Nath Mukhopadhyay of Techno Global University, Shillong has lodged a complaint at Mawlai Police Station against Trupta Gupta for issuing fake marksheets in the name of Techno Global University. , Shillong.
According to the census in 2019, the number of people who have come to Meghalaya is about 400,000 and this has provided employment to many people whether in employment or otherwise. Meghalaya is the most attractive state for tourists compared to the states of the North East.
The Dorbar through a public announcement in the village has also urged all the residents to cooperate and follow the directions of the Government authorities which have been announced from time to time as measures to prevent the spread of this disease.
Rangblang Pombriew SC in the 15th minute scored the first goal of the match and took a 1-0 lead by the end of the first half.
In Jaintia Hills, he was called “ma sei mo” which means “bah sei Maw”, because as Revenue Minister he went to clear the border stone in Khandauli, the stone that came from the Assam authorities.
Shillong, March 25: U CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah HS Shylla today introduced the First Amendment Bill 2018 in the opening session of the Special Session. Introducing the Bill in the House today, the CEM explained that the first amendment was passed in 2015 and the Bill has been passed. The Second Amendment 2018 has not been approved by the Governor.
Shillong, July 08: Security forces have been deployed across Delhi where Narendra Modi will take oath as the Prime Minister of India and the Cabinet today at 7.15 pm. Presidential Palace.
He said that this training will not end only in Shillong but will also extend to the rural areas.
Shillong, November 20: The KSU Wapung and Ladrymbai Unit today 20th November continued to demand the immediate repair of the Lad Rymbai Bypass road which has been destroyed in the past years and until now.
Shillong, Nailur 18: Three Vice Presidents of the United Democratic Party (UDP) from Ranikor Constituency and their supporters today sent a letter to the President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) requesting them to leave the party from today.
On the other hand, the church and the village themselves want the Shlem to provide training so that it can be reopened.
The public is requested to attend this meeting if they have any comments or complaints.
According to the rules, those who apply for a Birth Certificate after 10 months have not received a Court Order.
Shillong, July 12: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) led by Donald V. Thabah (General Secretary) has visited Tripura on 08th July Leaders of NESO and All Assam Students' Union including Bah Samuel Jyrwa (Chairman, NESO), Sinam Prakash (Secretary General, NESO), Dr. Samujjal Bhattacharya (Advisor, NESO) and Pritam Hazarika (Central Member). , AASU) yesterday and today on the 10th & 11th of July
The meeting was held as part of the preparations for the MP elections to the Lok Sabha and MDC elections to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) The meeting was attended by AICC General Secretary Manish Chatrath, Shillong MP Vincent Pala, Opposition Leader U Bah Vincent Pala. Ronnie V Lyngdoh, MLAs and MDCs of the Congress and other leaders of the Meghalaya Youth Congress.
At this meeting, the government has decided to close all entry and exit points in the state from 01 November 2020 to 07 November Entry and exit points in the state will be closed for nine days in the months of November, March and May.
They shall be ready when there is an urgent call to the Dorbar Ri.
As India moves forward, we stand firm in our efforts to join the rest of the world in bringing about a peaceful and prosperous future for all people.
Shillong, Nailar 06: The Shooting Association of Meghalaya will hold the 10th North East Zone Shooting Championship 2023 from 20th to 27th July
The first gate to check the entry and exit of the state was scheduled to be opened by the Chief Minister Cornad K Sangma and the Chief Minister's Symbut Prestone Tynsong. it will be held at 9.30 pm.
In the past few days, the union has visited Ratachera to inspect, but it has been found that the road has deteriorated with the passing of the days.
Barun Singh of Services defeated Yaiphaba Soibam of Manipur 5-0 in the 46-48kg category, followed by Rangiakura who won the silver medal in the World Championships. 2019 Amit Panghal (Services) defeated Anshul Punia of Chandigarh 5-0 in the flyweight 48-51kg category.
The total amount of assistance will be T.
The Mrs South Asian beauty pageant contest was attended by 26 contestants from all over India which was held in New Delhi on the 22nd of this month. Sabina won the title of Mrs India Universal.
Shillong, Nailur 10: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 7 cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Meghalaya, 3 cases from East Khasi Hills and 4 cases from West Garo Hills. the state has 85 cases.
“All the people are now very angry with the condition of the NH-6
The Chief Minister's Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, said that this will come into force from the 15th of this month. They should not charge more than the price set by the government for the treatment of COVID-1
“We have gone to the District Council to find out the truth about the suspension of Patrick Syiemiong but the District Council has not given any explanation,” he said.
The total number of voters in the MLA Election 2013 is 1502509 lakh. In 2018, the number of voters has increased by 327595 lakh. was 21.8%.
Shillong, July 23: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) has met with several members and also the Member Secretary of the Pnar Alphabet Committee. Alphabet) of the language 'Pnar', the party has requested the CEM of JHADC who is also the Chairman and Kong CTyngkan as the Member Secretary of this Committee to convene its first meeting soon. days to come so that the work can be done quickly.
The Lama of the meeting was lifted by Bah Ronnie V. Lyngdoh, Minister of State for Development in the presence of office bearers of the party.
Many candidates go to different centers every day to ask and get information because they are afraid that they will be fined or fail to take the SSLC Exam. in the in the.
The tournament will be held for boys under 13 years and for girls under 16 years.
The groups said they stand firm for peace and promised to play their part in restoring stability in Manipur.
Strive to meet their food needs.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The President of the National People's Party (NPP) Dr WR Kharlukhi today said that the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and the Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong have asked the NPP MDCs to vote. Speaking to SP News Agency, Dr Kharlukhi said that the Chief Minister Cornad and the Chief Minister Prestone have spoken to the MDCs of the party today and He said he hopes that they will return to the UDA. The NPP MDCs who have resigned are Bah Gigur Myrtong, Bah Victor Ranee and Bah Mitchel. Wankhar, these are the MDCs who have submitted a letter of resignation from the UDA. On the other hand, the UDP meeting which was held yesterday could not take any decision. Shillong, Jymmang 02: The President of the PDF, Bah Ivanlumlang Marbaniang, on Tuesday said that the President of the People's Democratic Party (PDP) has said that Speaking to SP News Agency, Marbaniang said that he has spoken to the MDC today. He has requested the UDA to support the UDA in the KHADC. The party should think that it should give its support to the UDA because they are working together in the government.
Shillong, March 06: As part of the promotion of Martial Judo to 10 other district headquarters of Meghalaya, the Government of Meghalaya through the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs and District Sports Office of South West Khasi Hills In collaboration with the Meghalaya Judo Association (MJA), a Free Demo Cum Coaching Camp will be held at Mawkyrwat from 6th October 2014 for 10 days.
New Delhi, July 12: Nirmala Sitharaman today took over as the Finance Minister of India for the second time. that the people may be happy.
“The union strongly condemns the state government for not listening to their complaint. They have sent through the DC of the district that the government should pay these bills. still valid.
Shillong, November 21: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHNAM) has expressed its surprise over the news that “the top leaders of the KHNAM 18 Shillong West have left to join the UDP”.
Guwahati, Naitung 02: The Chief Managing Director of Oil Lidia Limited, SK Srivastava today told reporters in Guwahati that the company has lost more than Rs 200 crore due to the lack of oil. live in peace in Assam.
If the leaders are stingy, it means that Meghalaya will soon be like the Philippines, Colombia, Mexico and other regions that have been affected by drug crime.
They represent and we leaders have to communicate and communicate.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Saibon said that the nomination of these 13 candidates is to strengthen the party and not for a foreign party to rule. The District Council shall have the authority to protect the community.
A multimedia publicity campaign will be launched on 1st October, 2020 to promote the Madhavpur Mela.
This has put a lot of trouble on the people of the area, because they can no longer use mobile phones and many of their jobs have stopped, especially in the case of death and illness. through your mobile.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: U Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP) Dr Don War today campaigned for the MDC candidate of the party, Bah PN Syiem. The Congress party has decided to introduce the CAB in Parliament.
He said that only 45% of the people who have been vaccinated with Tika in the state have been vaccinated and the remaining 55%.
To address this issue, the BSF has introduced this initiative to train the youth to stand on their own feet by setting up their own businesses.
The GST, on the other hand, has brought about the smooth running of tax related activities.
The operation of these Automated Teller Machines (ATMs) shall be 24 hours a day and every day shall be the same during the day for 7 days without limit.
During the visit, the ID of BSF and the DIG of BSF in charge of Garo Hills were to review the fence on the border with Bangladesh, the construction of lights on the border and the construction of roads. Bangladesh.
He thanked the midwives because without their help we don't know what would happen to the people.
Shillong, Lber 05: The inauguration of the new Cabinet of Ministers of Meghalaya will be held tomorrow at 10.30 am at Raj Bhavan.
Besides these office bearers, four members of the executive committee were elected, namely Bah S Ryntathiang, E Malngiang, RD Lyngdoh and M Shangpliang.
Dr Mukul said it is incomprehensible that on the one hand the central government says that there is no Aadhaar, on the other hand there is Aadhaar. but throughout India, this is the problem faced by the people of India.
The Chief Minister said that the government will soon start implementing the water supply system in the state. Other speakers included Thomas A Sangma MLA. the reo is also the same as the work of the field.
The AMLA under the leadership of its president Bah Denny Dunai today banned people from all over the country from visiting tourist spots and turned away all tourist vehicles who wanted to visit Sohra.
Former Advocate General of Meghalaya, Bah KS Kupar, Advocate, has also suggested to the High Level Committee on Influx that there is a need for a separate legislation on the ILP for the entire Garo Hills District.
Shillong, June 29: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, Bah S Kharlyngdoh, in a meeting held at Nongstoin today to discuss how to protect children, said that all should join hands. and to the children.
The General Secretary-cum-Publicity Secretary of the HNLC on Thursday said that these three persons have been a source of joy and protection to the people of the Block. 2 from the attack by the Assam Police, the destruction of crops in the Karbi Forests, the collection of taxes and other attacks.
Khulom Ksiar is the Atair and the sword that cannot be used to mark the survival and peace of the nation. the whole nation.
The new guidelines issued today are based on the feedback received from the States and UTs, and a thorough consultation with the Central Government Departments and other Departments.
R.M.Mishra, Brother Albert L.Dkhar, Fr.D.John Jayakumar and Dr.R.N.Bhuyan.
The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) has directed the state governments to pay compensation in case of death of prisoners. .
The club also requests the people of Meghalaya to encourage and contribute to this club which has really improved the youth in sports.
In his speech, Bah RL Kharpran, former Minister of Nongthymmai, expressed his gratitude to former MDC Bah PN Syiem for building the dorbar hall in Nongthymmai. I pray that he will continue to work better in his newly won constituency because as a nation we need him.
Several awareness programs have been conducted in schools of the city to provide awareness about the harmful effects of tobacco and to encourage children to decide not to eat or drink tobacco.
The song was sung by Ram Suchiang, Eborlang Mynliemngap and E.Dkhar.
On the other hand, the Governor said that the government should lodge a complaint against the CMJ University for withdrawing the money allocated for the endowment found.
Police have also set up a Special Investigation Team (SIT) to assist the Investigating Officer (IO) who has been appointed to investigate the incident.
Shillong, June 17: The Returning Officer of the 1-Shillong (ST) Parliamentary Constituency today announced under Section 126 of the Representation of the People Act, 1951 as amended, “To suspend all election campaign meetings. ".
In the field of health, four schemes worth Rs 193.32 crore have been launched under the North East Special Infrastructure Development Scheme (NESIDS) in the states of Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Meghalaya, Mizoram and Nagaland to strengthen the health sector. health related resources to fight against COVID-1
Police have registered a case under Section 21 of the NDPS Act.
In Garo Hills, the UDP will nominate 12 MLA candidates and the GNC will nominate 5 MLA candidates. On the other hand, UDP leader Dr Donkupar hopes that the ethnic parties can form a government without fighting with others.
If the government doesn't implement this opportunity, Meghalaya will continue to suffer from the problems of the state.
The calendar has also been drawn up to remind us every day of our commitment to the development and progress of our country.
Currently, 10 women in Meghalaya have been trained through this programme.
The former AIG said that according to the Rules and Standard Guidelines, the Director General of Police, Shillong is entitled to use only a vehicle worth less than T.12 lakh, while the vehicle used now costs up to T.12 lakh. T.40 lakh, which the DGP, the Government of Meghalaya is not entitled to.
No deduction shall be made from the allocation made by the Government in connection with the distribution of any food items from NFSA and Non-NFSA and all FPS dealers are directed not to Those who do not have an Aadhaar Card should be deprived of food.
The Conditional Market Authorization is a new market authorization that has emerged during the COVID19 pandemic.
With effect from November 1, 2019, the release of subsidies has been done through linkage with the Aadhaar of the beneficiaries uploaded by the State and UT Governments on the PM-KISAN portal, except in case of States of Assam and Meghalaya and the UTs of J&K and Ladakh, which were exempt from this requirement till October 31, 2020, as the number of Aadhaar registrations in these areas was very low.
To promote technology and start-ups working in the field of yoga, the Ministry has prepared a Yoga Tech Challenge on the MyGov and MyBharat platforms of the Government of India which aims to identify and promote start-ups in the field of yoga. individuals who have designed yoga-related products, who have developed software or aids in yoga practice.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The East Khasi Hills District Police today awarded prizes to the people who have helped them to arrest criminals. Bah M Kharkrang.
The Dorbar Shnong requests the residents of Mawryngkneng to attend the meeting to hear the views of the candidates for the KHADC Constituency. (SP News).
Through this contract, employees will receive Casual Leave of 15 days per annum.
Those who attended this special prayer were not only from the Catholic Church but from all races without any religious differences but came together to pray on this day.
As part of the ongoing measures to monitor COVID-19 and in response to the increase in cases around the world, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has been monitoring the situation around the world. the world, the challenge of various strains of COVID-19 and to take measures to protect the health of the people.
Regarding this road, Bah Shullai as an MLA has taken action and talked to the authorities of the state road construction department and after the discussion, the PWD has taken action. The funds have been allocated for the cleaning of this road and now it has been completed at the opening ceremony today.
Police have registered a complaint against them at Lumdiengjri Police Station under section C/No.146(10) 23 under Sections 384/506/34 of the Indian Penal Code.
It is estimated that about 4000 soldiers including their children will attend the celebration.
When there are major problems, it is necessary to think carefully about the problems and solve them one by one to solve the problems, to understand the root causes of the problems.
The allocation of rooms for the OSD of the Speaker in the Secretariat Assembly costs 1,05,9
As a neutral party, it does not want to be involved with any political party.
Shillong, November 07: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) has condemned the incident which happened on Tuesday in Mon District, Nagaland after 13 people were killed in a road accident. The Assam Rifles have demanded the immediate repeal of the ASFPS Act. By this Act, the Government of India has empowered the Army to crack down on insurgents. They thought that they would lose their lives in the hands of the Assam Rifles.
When investigated, the union found that it is due to the government's change that teachers will have to complete their B.Ed and that the teacher in charge of the subject has left to continue his studies according to the B.Ed. instructions to be completed first according to the rule.
is celebrated every year on July 21 since 2015.
In 2010-2011, Meghalaya received T.3105.23 lakh. In 2011-2012, it decreased to T.1115.72 lakh. In 2012-2013, it increased to T.2540.01 lakh. 1807.59 lakh.
Dr MK Marak in charge of NHRM in the state, other government officials and doctors were present on the occasion along with school children and students from various colleges in Shillong.
Stevenson Shooting – Education Secy.
There is no one else who can walk on the street.
“I never thought that I would be honored again, I am grateful that you honored me when I was elected as your MDC,” said Bah Sawkmie. “By the grace of God I have won and now it is an opportunity for me to serve Mawlai and the state as a whole.
Every sports event will have dedicated assistants for that team and more assistants will be sent for football and basketball as they will attract more visitors.
In the West Khasi Hills constituency, Bah Boldness Lyngdoh Nongum was the winner and Bah M Kharbani was elected as the secretary; In the East Khasi Hills branch, Bah Kynsai Manik Syiem was the head of the party and Bah Living Stone Kharpran was elected as the secretary.
When asked, he said, “There is a disappointment like this if the promises are not fulfilled because the Minister in charge of PWD has spoken and explained himself, but according to the findings. the light is not working.
The Gypsy was completely destroyed while the bus was damaged only from the front.
He said that the trade exhibition in Shillong has been successful and the North East of India will become the gateway to the East Asian continent.
In 2017, she got the opportunity to go for training in food processing through the Meghalaya Institute of Entrepreneurship (MIE) and later she got the FSSAI license. 1,40,000/- per annum and this job has supported her and now she is happy that she has been able to start her own business.
Tynsong said the Government has asked the Ksiang of the Government as well as the leaders of the Government of India and the HNLC to send their names. members who are not subject to various provisions of the law.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: A team of the GNHS today visited the offices of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to learn more about the work of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). There are three ADCs in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: As the CEM of KHADC, I have expressed my deep sorrow over the incident which happened today at Umlaper, Block II, Ri-Bhoi District. Rupsing Teron, EM KAAC and Pardeep Rongpi came to inaugurate the stadium.
In the past, the village of Ryngud was covered with snow and the streams were flooded until even the umpohliew appeared in many places.
The return of the decision to the House shows that there are no officers in charge of this matter.
BSF troops saw a Mahindra Pic-Up parked on the border with Bangladesh and when the BSF troops went to the vehicle they found about 3000 sarees worth Rs. lakh tyngka and these clothes were intended to be sent to Bangladesh.
There are 138 border polling stations on the border with Assam and 90 on the border with Bangladesh. Shillong and Tura.
At present, Assam is coming to build houses and other development works, this is a scheme of the Assam government to easily get these land.
The implementation of e-Services within the office of the SDO Civil Sub Division Sohra has been recently completed. and income certificate from the office of the SDO Sohra.
Tura, Jymmang 17: The newly formed rebel group in Garo Hills known as Achik Songna Anpachakgipa Kotok (ASAK) in a statement today denied the allegation by the GNLA against the government. him.
For Sonitpur and Morigaon districts, it will be held on the 22nd while for Nagaon district, it will be held on the 23rd of this month.
Police in South Garo Hills, while on patrol, came to a small truck and found it full of kyiad. The drugs seized were 3785.03 liters of kyiad worth Rs. T.10,61,552 lakh.
The films were screened at the District Library Auditorium, Jowai.
The meeting also agreed that we will not accept the Scheme at all, as the villages fall under the Schedule Area and not under MUDA. If the Government intends to provide any assistance or scheme, the meeting suggested to the Government not to send it through the C&RD. RD as usual.
After the meeting, the DG said that the main task of AIR and Doordarshan as public broadcasters is to disseminate information to the public through its news, cultural programs and consultations. who gives information.
Other speakers included Fr. Pynshai Lyngdoh and Fr.Bernard Laloo.
The Government will say that the notification states that the Kashari District Councils will continue to function in accordance with Para 4 and Para 5 of the Sixth Schedule.
On this occasion, the Governor of Meghalaya has paid tribute to those leaders of that time to bring about the establishment of the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The meeting of the Langrin Block Congress Committee, held at Rangthong Village, South West Khasi Hills District, on 6th February 2014, was very successful. , Langrin MDC Constituency, have expressed their strong support to the Congress candidate Bah Mansturdy Nongrem, MDC, KHADC. Martin M Dango, MLA of Langrin Constituency from the Congress party, has been appointed as the incumbent MDC.
On this occasion, he said that next year, the awarding ceremony should also be for schools which have passed well and in this regard, the first rank should be given. bad b right.
The party wants to see that the great men of the North East, especially those from Meghalaya, should be in the history of India because The people of this area also gave their lives for the sake of the country to fight against the rule of the Dohlieh for independence.
Shillong, November 27: The North Eastern Council (NEC) Secretary Ram Muivah on Tuesday said that the North Eastern Council (NEC) has proposed that the financial relief for the North Eastern States should be done. not according to the circumstances of the state to avoid being accused of discriminatory use of funds.
Shullai is currently ranked 45th and hopes to climb higher, while Umlong will be the first time to compete in these games.
: The inauguration of the new Parish by the Archbishop of Shillong, Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh in the presence of the Vicar General, Rev. Fr. Richard. M.Majaw and other Priests.
The Bodo Accord in July, 2020 has resolved the 50-year-old conflict related to the Bodoha people of Assam.
Regarding the conduct of the election, he said that it went smoothly without any incident.
The National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS) for teachers which was scheduled to be held on the 16th of this month has been canceled as it coincides with the polling day.
Also present were Eric Nongkynrih (KSU CEC member), Reallystar Nongspung (Environment & Cultural Secretary KSU CEC), Garland Manner (Office Secretary, KSU JHDU) and members of KSU Laskein Circle.
The National Games were held in Gujarat for the first time.
Shillong, July 08: Those who arrived to work at the Secretariat today during the North East Bandh called by 25 percent, while in the state as a whole, no government census could be obtained.
In his speech, Dr PW Khongjee, Co-Chairman, MIDC, who is one of the villagers, said that the Khatar Shnong area is an area full of herbal medicines but there is an urgent need for the Village Authorities. Government authority to take action to create opportunities for the development of plants in these areas.
Furthermore, the Chief Guest urged all the participants to reflect and take action from the bottom of their hearts to achieve the central theme of this training which is very meaningful “ You are the light of the world” so that they can become truly strong and perfect leaders to shape not only their own future but for the Church and society as a whole.
There was also a Panel Discussion on the Diversity of Palliative Care on the second day.
The party prays that God will be with and console the entire family in this tragic incident.
The court, after examining all the facts, has decided to convict Pranab Paul Choudhury.
Mawthoh, Branch Head, North East Small Finance Bank, Shri Lano Ignatius, Adviser Shooting Association of Meghalaya, and office bearers of the Shooting Association of Meghalaya, presented the medals to the winners.
Furthermore, when we turn now, we see that the time demands that the kurs should stand up, surprise people, and be vigilant.
Out of these 20 drug users, half are foreigners and the rest are indigenous people.
In this social agreement, the Khasi chiefs did not sign the Instrument of Merger as did other chiefs in India.
Four Breakout Sessions were also held on sub-themes – One Nation One Platform, Engaging with Innovators and Industry, End-to-End Digital Services: IT initiatives of State Governments.
Shillong, Nailur 19: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Nartiang Circle has announced that it will hold the Mait Shaphrang Academic Awards 2019 for those students who have passed various examinations.
Shillong, Naitung 12: The Hynniewtrep Youths' Council Mawlai Circle in collaboration with the HYC Mawsiatkhnam recently visited Mawsiatkhnam village to distribute relief to more than 40 families affected by the dam closure.
After the postmortem at the Civil Hospital, Khliehriat, the body of Ravi Rai, 23, of Khliehriat, was handed over to the relatives for the last rites. Rajesh Rai, 26, of Dharan Sunsari, Koshi Anchal, Nepal and the body of Nasar Kyndait, 33, of Dkhiah, Koshi Anchal, Nepal.
After receiving the complaint and the report sent by the Inquiry Wing of the Lokayukta, the Special Court, Tura has issued an order to hear the case on 29th July. 2023.
The Technology Park will accommodate up to 1200 students and will be completed by 2020 and will also provide employment to 12000 youth of the state.
The demands include the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India, the implementation of the Inner Line Permit and the resolution of the problems faced by the people at the border.
Looking back at Lum Garo, 2012 was a year when the entire region was in great trouble due to the presence of the GNLA and the emergence of the ANVC(B). Many of them have been abducted and taken away their precious lives.
This understanding will come into force from the time of this announcement,” said Leningrad Tariang, General Secretary of the party.
Shillong, July 26: The Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) will honor Dolyne Kharbhih, who has climbed Mount Mangkashang for the first time from her home. The National Cadet Corps is not for women.
Dr Kharnaior also appealed to inform all the residents of the area that the CHC has been able to provide treatment so that the people of the area can come to give birth at the CHC to avoid infection. children at home to avoid any harm to the mother and child.
Prosonto Basumatary, who works within the state police department, is the first person from Meghalaya to be selected to take part in the world championship. the “Mr.Universe Championship”.
Wind gusts are expected in parts of Assam and surrounding areas up to 1.5 km above sea level and will spread to other parts of neighboring states.
: The Meghalaya State Planning Board (MSPB) on Tuesday directed the Ministry of Home Affairs, Transport, PWD and Urban Development Department to provide advice and measures to reduce traffic jam. There is a strong wind in Shillong.
Shillong, Nailar 11 : Only one or two principals, teachers, students and colleges in the state have agreed to proceed with the implementation of the National Education Policy (NEP)
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District has sent a letter to all the civil society organizations in the district on Tuesday 16th November 2021 at her office in Nongpoh to discuss the issue. The construction of the railway line through the district in Meghalaya.
It is learned that the ground floor of Hubert Memorial Higher Secondary School, Umpling, Shillong has been flooded by the heavy rainfall. inside the school without being able to go home.
Other training areas include social issues , environmental protection , formation of groups to work for the welfare of the community , rights or the planning of activities, the management of groups and others which are the pathways for the youth to take the role of leaders in the future.
Referring to the state government, he said that although the government has already decided in the Cabinet to oppose the Bill, it should ensure that the BJP minister should be removed, if not. The CHSO said that the government is corrupt and the CHSO should remove Bah AL Hek from the BJP government. If the leaders in Delhi do not listen, they should leave the BJP to send a clear message to the BJP leaders in Delhi. “If they don't do so, they will be regarded as traitors to the nation,” said Bah Robertjune.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: U Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar on 4th June 2023 inaugurated two tournaments organized by two offices under the jurisdiction of KSU Mawlai Circle.
Denial Umdor, Kynsailang Khongsit and Khlainbor Khongsit from Mawrohroh won the titles of Best Defender, Top Scorer and Best Player.
The workers have not received their salaries for almost two years.
The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (EDC) has convened the Election Committee on 6th March 2022. The application forms have started from 10th March 2022 and will end on 10th November 2022 with the deadline for submission to the BCCs on 21st March 2022.
Jowai, Nailar 23: The AJYWO Central Governing Body (AJYWO) today under the leadership of Bah MH Dkhar President of West Jaintia Hills District, has met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District and requested him to expedite the process of applying for Birth Certificates. you're happy not pli.
He was discharged from NEIGRIHMS on
“We urge all the Leaders of the Legislative Assembly and especially the two Leaders of the area from Bah Kyrmen Shylla MLA of Khliehriat Constituency and Kong Santa Marry Shylla MLA of Sutnga Saipung Constituency.
Shillong, Nailur 06: The National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) today decided to hold a strike on the 9th of this month in the state. central library from 10 am to 4 pm.
After the CEM introduced the budget in the House, the Chairman Bah LG Nongsiej asked the members of the House that if anyone wants to discuss the budget, they should submit it. name in the office of the Secretary of the Legislative Committee.
Tura, Naiwieng 16: Malja A Sangma, Political Secretary of the ANVC, on Tuesday said that the party has not supported anyone. However, the actions of Ensal Ch Marak are his own help.
Titus Starwell Chyne said in the House that the session should be concluded today if possible.
This was held at the church today.
