In this song competition on the theme "How to improve the society" Sohiong Higher Secondary School won the first prize, Sohiong Presbyterian Secondary School won the second place and They were sent to Tlong-ummiam Secondary School, Weilyngkut.
The same is true of banks.
Applicants who wish to apply for this post should be 18 years of age and above. Applications should be submitted on or before 09.12.2013 and applicants should have passed matriculation and above.
The Government has set up this Committee after the leaders of the VPP and KHNAM withdrew from the meeting of all political parties held by the State Government on the 19th of this month. The discussion was only to clarify the implementation of the Roster System without affecting the Reservation Policy.
Not only that, it is alleged that the Syiem has also appointed Deepak Bruah as the sordar of the Rani.
The GNC expects that if the PDF or GNC joins the government, they can accept the demand for Garoland.
It is a good thing that the village has honored the youth who have passed well in the past year and now the village is honoring the elderly residents.
The starting date of the KHADC session will start on 6th November 2022. The number of days of the session has not yet been decided. I'm still taking the rai.
Shillong, November 07: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James PK Sangma, while inaugurating the Oxygen Plant at Nazareth Hospital Shillong, said that the government has allocated T.14.04 crore for the hospitals. people.
In April 2019, an agreement was signed with the NLFT(SD) in Tripura which brought the victims back into society.
The Government has also implemented many schemes in the state to improve income generation.
The Avenue has been increasing its number of visitors from year to year but it cannot accommodate all the visitors.
To support income generation in the North East through innovation and self-employment in opportunistic sectors.
Noting that the Clan Bill has more provisions than the Lineage Amendment Bill, Chyne said that this is because only the purpose of the Clan Bill has been included in the Lineage Amendment Bill. don faithful to the bniat.
Initially, Bah Wallambok Syiemiong laid down many rules to be passed in the Dorbar Dalariti including key issues such as the border dispute, tourism, and other areas related to the issue. to ensure that the fundamental rights of the children of the thousands are not violated by the State Government or the Central Government.
In his speech, the General Secretary expressed his gratitude to MATTI for being willing to provide this assistance.
In addition, the government has also installed GPS devices in all these vehicles to track them in case of any emergency.
Therefore, this allegation of the opposition leader is incomprehensible.
The process in which the refund of IGST by Customs is automatic like the refund of Input Tax Credit (ITC) which has been introduced to the exporters by the GST authorities has improved the ease and orderliness of the input taxes for exports of goods and services.
Shillong, July 16: The word 'Shong Sang' is a sensitive and unpleasant word in the Khasi Pnar family.
Although the permission has not been granted, they continue to protest and this has violated the rules regarding COVID-19 by continuing their protest at the GHADC office. It was also mentioned that according to the decision of the High Court of Meghalaya 2016, it is prohibited to fight and to resolve the issue by mutual understanding.
At the same time, the government department will soon reform its working methods to improve the collection of revenue from liquor shops.
At present, the remaining time is until the middle of
The Chief Minister said that the total cost of the installation of these new transformers has reached T.10 crore. 45 days.
The Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sharma, who was also present on the occasion, welcomed them to the BJP party. In the upcoming elections, the party will form a government from the two MLAs in Meghalaya.
They said that the people should not worry when they come to the festival as the traditional market has been prepared for them.
He said that his visit to Nongstoin was to better understand the rich culture of the state.
As an officer he also received many commendations for his work.
Shillong, Naitung 21: The Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) today held an emergency meeting to gather opinions for the Reservation Policy.
If any incident may occur before or after the meeting which may cause disturbance and disrupt the peace and order, it shall be the responsibility of those who convened this public meeting and they shall be punished according to the law.
Furthermore, the CAA is unfair as it does not include the indigenous peoples of Bangladesh, such as the Khasi and Garo.
About 100 party congress office bearers today marched to the parking lot at Dakheti and at 11 pm marched to the RBI office in Shillong and handed over the application to the Governor of the RBI through this office.
The meeting will also discuss the need for all the leaders of the Kur, Shnong, Raid and Hima Dorbars to take action on these changes and to expedite the completion and submission of the Rules of Procedure. to send to the MDCs and District Councils so that they can approve and enact these Rules of Procedure.
These three were present on the day of the shooting.
Shillong, July 06: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today visited the Games Village at Umsawli village for the construction of the National Games ground. which will be in 2022.
The committee has submitted two nominations, Utpal Mora and WMS Parait. The Cabinet has accepted the nomination of WMS Pariat as Chairman.
Shillong, Naitung 08: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 532 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in Ri Bhoi District. There were 4391 people in all.
At this meeting, the union has spoken to demand for police out posts on the border with Assam especially in those areas where there are clashes like the incident at Saba Mukroh. he promised to call the home minister to discuss the matter.
For that, we need collaboration and intervention in the right way.
In a petition sent by the CSWO to the CEM of KHADC, Kong Agnes Kharshiing, she said that some of the women residents of the village have left to take part in the dorbar. on Friday, but when they entered, they were expelled by the Sordar Shnong and the Secretary Shnong.
Our collaboration will bring about a full supply of blood in the district of Ri Bhoi.
The Meghalaya government is still waiting for a reply from the central government on the issue of ILP in the state, regarding the issues raised by the MLA from Nongpoh. , to clarify that the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government is looking into the ILP demand. There are many reasons why the Ministry of Home Affairs is looking into it.
This was announced in a statement sent by the Publicity Secretary of the party, Bashan Lyngdoh Mawnai.
Shillong, November 07: U Bah Ransom Sutnga, while inaugurating the CCTV camera in Wahthapbroo village, said that the presence of CCTV cameras helps to arrest criminals.
The MSPCB has approved 9 coal mining plants and 13 coal mining plants have received permission to build.
Maithili University / University, Darbhanga, In Bihar.
Shillong, March 14: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday announced that on the 19th of this month, there will be a public awareness campaign on how to prevent disaster prevention. at the time of the earthquake.
According to Bah Hest, the landslide occurred at around 5 pm. Out of these three villages, the most affected village was Umdohlun village. almost the whole village was destroyed in this night.
One of the most beautiful villages like Laitarted is a village with a beautiful view of the hills, rivers, rice fields and the surrounding nature.
Nongstoin, July 20: The sudden loss of Airtel network in the middle of West Khasi Hills, from Kynshi Village to Nongstoin, has caused a great surprise to many people especially the public. Airtel simcards are not used.
At present, drug abuse among the youth in Shillong has become widespread and this is not only among the youth but also among the elderly, as part of the fight against this evil of children. Schools of the Seng Khasi have organized this march to call out against this evil.
On this day, many of the youth and elderly came out to condemn those people who have insulted women.
The bombing, tiing and prosecution of members of the party under various provisions of the law is like setting fire to a dead body.
Bah Hima's desire to take part in science is not new but since the past few years he has had that desire to take part in science.
Pa'im Naindro Syiemiong Syiem of Hima Maharam was elected as the Chairman of the group, Bha Boldness L Nongum and the Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Iewrynhep were elected as the Vice Chairman. Pa,im Ainam Manik Syiem was elected as the Secretary and Lyngdoh of Lyniong Hima was elected as the Joint Secretary.
With this agreement between the Central and State Governments, IBSD will now open its offices in Meghalaya in Shillong and Tura. The people of this part of the North East of India have been able to access the books through the presence of plants in this environment.
If there are many advantages, he will take a decision and if there are many disadvantages, he will take a decision on how to reduce them. you have to clean it from all sides in different ways.
Almost all MPs, MLAs and MDCs do not know that these words exist and why they appear in the First Schedule of the Constitution of India.
Regarding Factories, Workshops and jobs requiring foreign workers, the Dorbar Shnong has decided that employers can invite foreign workers only within 15 days per year.
Alphi Clarissa Warjri of St Mary's Higher Secondary School came in ninth position in the top
Just 10 months after the launch of the campaign, the Union Minister in charge of Jal Shakti, Gajendra Singh Shekhawatu announced a 75% reduction in the number of ODF Plus villages across the country.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: Wild elephants have returned to Rajai-A village in South West Khasi Hills District on the border with Bangladesh this year. farmland within the village.
He said that Commonwealth countries should work together towards a common goal for the welfare of the people and that issues between countries should be resolved through dialogue.
In his speech, the Officer Incharge of Amlarem Police Station urged the youth of the area not to get involved in this kind of alcohol which destroys the future of the youth and the area as a whole. He also urged the youth of the area to be vigilant and urged the parents to be disciplined to their children and know how to love them. spend time with your children.
Momin President of ADE, in a statement sent today, said that the civil society organizations when they saw the request of the Prime Minister to issue work permits to Bangladeshis, they were shocked. All the civil society organizations are standing together to demand from the government to stop the infiltration of foreigners into the state.
However, the party wants those who took part in this festival to remember the artists from Hynniewtrep such as Bah Skendrowell Syiemlieh, Bah Rana Kharkongor and others. Lou Majaw and others.
India is expected to receive delegates back in Kolkata from 9 to 11 July for the third ACWG meeting.
Regarding the spelling of the Khasi alphabet, it was suggested that the Khasi alphabet should be used and not the foreign alphabet. It is known as the ringbia to protect against the loss of race.
During the raid, there was a heavy gunfire.
He said that if the railway line is allowed to be built, the expenditure of foreigners coming to Jaintia Hills will undoubtedly increase.
Sreenivasulu explained the schemes such as the Credit Guarantee Fund Scheme (CGFS) and the Prime Minister's Employment Generation Program (PMEGP).
The visit of the Eastern Army Commander to Shillong was to inspect the readiness of the Headquarters 101 Area.
The first prize money for the men is 2 lakh and 2 lakh tyngka for the men, while the first prize for the women is 30,000 thousand and the second prize is 20,000 thousand. The tournament will be opened by the MLA of the constituency, Bah Banteidor Lyndoh.
At the meeting, MLFOA Advisor John F Kharshiing said that the absence of the provisions of the Annexed Agreement of the Instrument of Accession dated 17 August 1948 in the Constitution of India is the reason for the conflict. the Constitution of India.
It requires the responsibility and systematic participation of each and every one of us to avoid the widespread destruction of trees by taking care of them.
When the members of the union received this protest, the police had to use batons to disperse them from the area. The police had to clean their faces and drive them away from the area. The State Bank of India has been appointed.
A letter sent by the HYC of Mawlai district said that many of the indigenous youth who have become educated and qualified are facing the problem of unemployment.
Bharati Chanda, Dy. Registrar General, Commissioners, Secretaries of many government departments of Meghalaya and other officers were present at the meeting.
Jowai, July 23: The CEC of the Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) on Tuesday 22/06/2013 has decided to call a night curfew for three nights on the 26th of this month. 27 and 28th of this month (26,27 & 28 June 2013) starting at 7 pm and ending at 5 pm, as a sign of protest against the Government's silence on the three issues. The Union is responsible for the life and death of the people of Jaintia Hills.
Sweetiena K Rajee, Superintendent, District Commissioner, Shillong.
Tourists who come to our state have no right to decide what to buy or eat, and if they don't like it, it is better for them not to come to the state.
On the other hand, the Seng requests the CAG to collect its own report and not just accept the report of the MSPCB as the report of the MSPCB has not given any satisfaction to the people.
Speakers from HITO President Donbok Dkhar, HYC General Secretary Roykupar Synrem, Vice President Donboklang Kharlyngdoh, Purity Phawa from STIEH and others slammed the two HSPDP MLAs. be a son of pride for the nation.
During the meeting, the Prime Minister listened to the concerns of the residents of the area.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah Jyrwa said that due to the large number of requests, the MPCA has decided to extend the deadline until 3.11.2017 in Shillong. .
Thereafter, a brief story-telling session was conducted by Careen J Langstieh who narrated the story about Mewan and Iba from the first few pages of the book and showed them illustrations contained in the book which sparked curiosity and engaged the students.
Also present were Bah Klit Diengdoh, Sordar Raid Diengsaw, Bah Phiel Diengdoh, Secretary, Bah Kodin Nongrum, Minister of Sohra Hima.
Today India is a manufacturing powerhouse.
On the other hand, the CEM recalled that on 22nd June 2017, the KHADC has decided that the Executive Committee cannot take any decision on the Uranium issue without the the unanimous consent of the House.
As it is from Rajabala, it is not easy to remove Bah Nongrum and from Umroi it is difficult to remove Bah Rymbai.
Looking at the government as in 20012, there has been no real work done by the government to develop the state but there have been many promises and foundation stone laying. The Chief Minister of the State has done a lot of work only in laying the foundation stone.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Thursday strongly condemned the allegation by the VPP that the money allocated for the implementation of projects in the state is borrowed money. At the same time, he urged those who are involved in the Government to provide detailed information and to mention the right projects.
Dr. M Ampareen Lyngdoh also launched a number phone where the public can give a missed call to register as a voluntary blood donor.
Jowai, Lber 11: Although the Congress has been able to rule alone in the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC), it has been difficult for the Chief Executive Member (CEM) to appoint the MDCs who will be in the JHADC. Executive Members.
Forty-four other students from different schools have made it to the Top-20 of the SSLC results this year.
The NHPF has lodged a complaint against the NHPF to arrest these fraudsters and punish them according to the law. The NHPF wants to see that these fraudsters will be punished according to the law. The complaint was submitted by the President and Secretary to the SP in charge of crime.
In these times, we should avoid crowded gatherings and therefore practice Yoga at home with our families.
He said that on the areas mentioned by the Co-Chairman, MSPB will try their best to provide the line/tower cellone within four months, but they have requested the Co-Chairman to help. also in relation to the location of towers, access to land near the electricity supply and other problems they face from time to time.
He said the Cooperation Department has set a target of setting up 2 lakh new PACS in the next five years and that there should be at least one PACS in every Panchayat of every village in the country.
Shillong, Nailur 22: The Cabinet meeting today approved the appointment of 11 self-taught doctors without taking the share of the state government.
At present, many of the evidence provided by the police in the courts in connection with crimes are weak and this is the reason why there will be less convictions of the perpetrators. .
This is what you really need to do.
Maharashtra, followed by Delhi, West Bengal, Haryana and Tamil Nadu have been selected.
There are five teams from the surrounding villages of Mawdem, such as Balakhwa, Rajakhomai, Belahari et al.
Umsning Town UP and Secondary School charges 1400 per student and even Govt LP School charges 600 for cl Abad 800 for cl 1 and above and others. The school also accepts the prices set.
Although many houses have been destroyed by the cold weather, when inquiring whether any residents of the village have been injured in the cold weather, until today the village has not received any information. any information that such an incident would occur, said the secretary of the village.
The three-day North East Food Show 2019 was organized by the Government of Meghalaya and Food Innovation Network SIAL India Group with the support of departments/groups including the Minister in charge of Micro Small and Medium. Enterprises, Meghalaya Institute of Entrepreneurs and Directorate of Food Processing.
Also present on the occasion was Bah Samborlang Diengdoh, one of the leaders who has been involved in sports activities. and members of the Shillong Cricket Association.
The total number of medals won by MAWA is
The group would like to extend its special congratulations to the members of the Meghalaya Scouts and Guides Fellowship under the leadership of President Dr.C Varghese and Dr. Enid Basaiawmoit as General Secretary and others. of Bihar said the chief guest.
Looking back on our journey over the past 70 years, we are proud that we have been able to uphold the Constitution and strengthen it in terms of democracy.
The work is ongoing to provide clean drinking water to every household through the JalJeevan Mission.
MEPA has decided to conduct a training on the law and the media.
We have taken the mobile phone from the victim and we have tried to find our brother but until now we have not found him,” said the family members. Shanbor Surong was wearing a blue T-Shirt, blue jeans and sandals.
During the meeting, the Governor of Meghalaya informed the Governor of Assam that the government will look into the petition of the Nonia community. The wishes of the Nonia people in Assam.
Although the Assam Christian Forum has expressed its opposition to the bill, the threats by Hindu groups against church school principals and the harassment of a religious leader have caused to the workers of the Church in persecution.
Shillong, July 15: The Joint Secretary to the Ministry of Education, Bah D Lyngdoh, today said that the government has taken steps to talk to the Ministry of Education regarding the Common University Entrance Test Examination, the Central Government as well as the National Testing Agency.
Shillong, Naitung 06: The Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government has selected two Meghalaya Policemen to receive the Union Minister's Medal for Excellence in Police Training for the year 2018-1
The KSU will not stop and will fight against any issues that affect the country and the nation and will not allow anyone who wants to divide the nation, region, religion, but we must remember that we it is the only Khasi people.
On the other hand, the authorities in charge of the Ministry of Agriculture of the Government of India have listened to these comments including the concerns raised by other farmers from other states and He promised to review them one by one and especially to inform the higher authorities of the Government of India in charge of agriculture.
Therefore, HANM has taken this decision to invite the Rangbah Shnong or the leading village leaders together with the civil society organizations and has invited the brothers and sisters who are concerned about the life and death of the villagers. The whole of Hynniewtrep.
About 100 meters of wire length and 12 batteries were recovered.
All Syiems, Sirdars, Lyngdohs, Wahadadars, Ministers, Kur Dorbars, Rangbah Shnongs, Sordar Shnongs, Youth Organizations, Women's Organizations, Bhalang Organizations are urged to prepare in advance the names of the members of the dorbar. to be given on the day of the Dorbar Ri on 13 Feb 2013, as part of the opportunity to publish in the coming years a memorial book for all the participants of the Dorbar Ri.
He added that the state needs a proper education policy.
Shillong, June 17: U Bah Donkupar Sumer MDC of the UDP Umsning constituency on Tuesday said that his resignation from the party is to focus on the preparation for the 2018 MLA election. and Snow.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The National President of the National People's Party (NPP) Conrad K Sangma today visited Krang village to campaign for the party candidate Samlin Malngniang.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: U Bah Latiplang has been elected as the 41st CEM of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). Prestone Tynsong said he has received a letter from 14 MDCs who have lodged a complaint regarding the no confidence motion against the Executive Committee on 20/11/2 The petition was received from 14 MDCs who signed the petition.
The Annual Survey of Industries (ASI) is one of the sources of industrial statistics in India.
The robber has raped a young woman from Tasku Nongrim, Tasku Nongrim, who is 18 years old and has a disability. took advantage of her virginity, in her own residence, which was locked from the outside, because of her parents' protection of her life that she had such a disease, which is not locked from them The robber on the night of the 31st of this month, entered and opened the door at 11 pm and committed the robbery.
Shillong, Nailur 12: Ka KHNAM SYW strongly condemns the incident in Laimer Village where robbers have polluted a water tank with a mobile phone which has endangered the lives of the people.
On receiving this information, all the railway stations were informed and the RPF of Lumding Railway Station conducted a search operation on the train coming from there. kit and this has shocked the police.
The President of the party, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, was the chief guest in the presence of Bah Vivek Syiem and other leaders.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Titosstarwell Chyne today sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma. , 2016 to assist the public in obtaining mining permits.
The HPF is deeply concerned about this issue because through their actions, it has created fear among the public and increased the number of cases of COVID-19 and has caused problems to the poor and needy. This has also created a problem for the farmers because now it is the time of their crops because the dam closure in Shillong even if it is only two days, the loss of income is great for the poor.
The Chief Minister said that the government stands firm that the mining of uranium will not be allowed without the consent of the people. shall not allow any mining or start in any area related to uranium without the consent of the public.
He said that these new laws will also help the residents in many ways.
Martina Pohshna of Kuliang village, East Jaintia Hills District on Friday lodged a complaint against the BSF troops for allegedly assaulting her husband and raping her daughter on Tuesday night.
In addition, he went to Dundee.
“We appeal to anyone who sees it to inform us.
The injured were taken to Shillong Civil Hospital for treatment by 108 ambulance.
The JSU has carried a flag during the visit of the Prime Minister, Symbud Prime Minister and other Ministers in Mukroh village. Police regiment in Mukroh village to protect the people living on the border.
The meeting also said that as police stations are the first places where the people meet and they are responsible for maintaining peace and order, they are also the places where the people meet. may be encountered in emergency situations.
To improve the services of the Government to the rural areas, the Government has borrowed about T.1300 crore from NABARD to build offices in 40 Block out of 46 Block in the State. This fund will also be used for the construction of offices in Districts and Civil Sub Divisions.
Therefore, the JAC Wapung C&RD Block, the Wapungskur Dorbar Shnong, the Wapungshnong Dorbar Shnong and the people of Wapungshnong, demanded that the government or any relevant authorities should provide the necessary documents. The temporary office of the block has been moved to Khliehriat.
This is the position of the government and this was expressed at a meeting held today with the political parties at the secretariat.
Shillong, Lber 05: After four days of closure, the District Administration has lifted the curfew from 6.00 pm to 1.00 pm today.
“The party urges all the 60 MLAs to discuss this issue and find ways to curb the smuggling of drugs,” the party said. drugs in the state and also to enact strict and powerful laws to punish drug traffickers as part of the curb the drug trafficking and consumption in the state.
He suggested that there should be automation in investments by monitoring and understanding the market, initiation of investments and early savings which will bring a greater contribution to the economic growth of the country in conjunction with increasing the income of individuals.
Subsequently, the scheme has been implemented in Gujarat, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Uttrakhand, Odisha, Bihar, Haryana, Chattisgarh, Jharkhand, West Bengal, Assam, Nagaland, Manipur, Arunachal Pradesh and now in Arunachal Pradesh. state of Meghalaya.
Helen Puweiñ, President of Bellefonte Community College and Head of PHE Department, Shillong.
Shillong, Naitung 28: U Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, who is also the spokesperson of the MDA-2 government, on Tuesday said that the riots in Tura on Sunday have been contained.
The DGP said the seizure of the drugs worth T.1 crore shows that the smuggling of drugs into the state is very serious.
On the other hand, the youth leader of the union, Treibor R Suchen, has asked the BSF personnel in the area and the Commandant of BSF Dawki not to disrupt the traffic.
He said that the state government has recently inaugurated the Captain Williamson Sangma State University in Garo Hills. The party demands that the government should take immediate action to bring about a closer governance. The Regional Campus/Office under the supervision of the Pro-Vice Chancellor and the Registrar's Office in the Khasi-Jaintia Hills region.
Police of East Khasi Hills District today arrested another member of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) from Jaiaw village who is also a member of the Central Body. 3 o'clock in the morning.
He said that the government is not inclusive when it starts schemes or projects to help the people.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare has urged the residents of Ri Bhoi District to accept these trainings which will reshape the thinking on blood donation and encourage them to be the first in the state to come forward. to become a voluntary blood donor.
The Commission has promised to look into the requests made by the State especially those that cannot bring about significant changes.
On the other hand, the UHM said that according to the government announcement, all those who have jobs to recruit people have to announce in the media the job vacancies.
The village on the border with Assam has held a public meeting to discuss the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between the two Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam. dep to sign.
The meeting was held at Shillong Club under the theme “Start from me to eradicate Khishohrieh” in the presence of RV Suchiang, Additional Chief Secretary, Shillong Club. state government was important.
During the meeting, James K Sangma, Minister of Home Affairs, promised the HYC leaders that the government will take action on this issue. Members of the union said that the Meghalaya Police Department has already spoken to the Assam Police Department regarding the incident at New Balakhawa.
The Seng is ready to cooperate with the police and VDPs of the villages if necessary for the benefit of the area.
Three persons were killed in the incident, Trophina Paslein, 54, Kalbina Pakem, 70 and a 5-year-old child, Pynhunlangki Lamarong.
“We have to take India forward in all aspects,” Anurag Thakur said.
John Kharshiing, brother of Agnes, told SP News Agency that the injuries were serious and the injuries were to the head. this happened.
The charge against Tiewsoh is that he misused the funds of the Shella Dorbar. Tiewsoh is the Secretary of the Shella Dorbar who has been dismissed.
The tournament will be held in November this year. They also discussed the development and improvement of the Shillong Golf Course in order to attract tourists.
Similarly, the dates for filling up the registration forms for regular candidates of affiliated/recognized schools, the MBOSE has not given any notification. )from October each year to all these recognized schools to know the deadline for submission of application forms.
Referring to the fence on the border with Bangladesh, he said the fence is not good compared to the fence in Jammu and Kashmir where the army and BSF are guarding the border. borders.
The KHADC has also taken this step to curb the thieves who pretend to be Daju but the purpose behind it is to rob the shopkeepers by taking the goods but they have disappeared. “The leaders of the people should come and inspect the market and what are the problems of the people, such as “The community should have a meeting once a year so that we can understand the problems that the people face from time to time,” said Bah Ardent.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Banteidor, who is also the MLA of the area, said that the upgradation of the PHC to the CHC is to provide better health services to the people of the area.
The matches were played between PFR vs Albinus, Lamjingshai vs Tur Shaphrang, Nangiaikiew vs Little Kickers and Little Star Academy vs Merinda.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, many of the victims said that many times the reason is the speeding of the drivers and many times they cannot do their job. he times.
“Otherwise, we will have no choice but to go and prove it ourselves along with the prosecutors of the case with the joint testimony of the media for the information of the people," the union said.
On the other hand, the MLA has built siej bridges just to allow people to walk from one side of the river to the other. the water that overwhelmed the villages.
After the award ceremony, the exhibition of Mario's paintings continued at the MAD Gallery, Jaiaw Langsning.
Police have registered a complaint at Umiam Police Station.
“The existence of the place of worship for many years has violated the law because its existence is unauthorized and violates the Meghalaya Public Premises Unauthorized Occupation Act 1980,” said the KSU. The union urged the Deputy Commissioner to insist that the Government land itself should not be given land for the construction of any religious group on the grounds that it could cause bias and misunderstanding.
The purpose of the public meeting, which was convened by the HNYF, FKJGP and RBYF, was to raise awareness among the people about the danger if the railway line comes to the state. without having the laws to prevent outside interference.
The Minister said that there are 1294 households who have crossed the border to build houses on these government land, of which 886 households in Balsrittim and 408 in Waringgrp. People have been building houses for many decades now.
The meeting discussed the ways and means of conducting the CBSE examination and took the suggestions of the State Governments and UTs. Defence, Finance, Commerce, Information and Broadcasting, Petroleum and Women and Child Development, Principal Secretary to the Prime Minister, Cabinet Secretary and Secretaries of School Education and Higher Education Departments among other officers.
Those who attended the meeting were government officials from other departments and the government as well.
198 B2B meetings were held, there were also 42 negotiations from future cooperation.
At the same time, may this celebration of Beh Deinkhlam bring peace and unity to our people so that the country and the nation will grow together in the days to come.
The arseng has closed down all banks in Jowai which were opened today from the State Bank of India - Jowai Branch, Ladthadlaboh Branch, Indian Overseas Bank - Apex Bank, ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, Axis Bank, Meghalaya Rural Bank.
He said that the discovery of the natural environment through the pubon crematorium at Mawmluh in Sohra is one of the additions to the Meghalayan Age on this earth.
These will also be turned into environmentally friendly and water efficient schools, where there will be recycling of waste and efficient use of electricity.
Therefore, please call 8132096302 before coming to the Umngot River.
On Monday, BSF troops at Bop Pyrdiwah while patrolling at the border, people carrying song bala broke the goods and fled from the BSF troops and went to take the song. they don't have a saree.
These two youths were arrested by the HYC members on 17th June 2024 during a raid on drug users in Motphran.
Regarding the food items, she said that there are some problems, which is true because the government is also looking for ways and means to improve and ensure that it runs smoothly.
Regarding this decision taken by the government of northern Bangladesh, the leaders of Nahar Punji today left for Dhaka to meet with the government of their country, said Bah S Pohthmi. , whose real name has been withheld, this visit to Dhaka is to resolve these issues arising from the order.
More than 200 residents of the village have benefited from the distribution of medicines by the BSF troops. Doctors from the Community Health Center Mahendraganj have come to examine the residents.
In the Women's Freestyle Wrestling category in the 45kg category, Ribhalang Sun of East Khasi Hills won the gold medal while Rikyntiew Nongrum of East Khasi Hills won the silver medal.
The Khasi Hills Democratic Front (KDF) will be headed by Bah Pyniaid Singh Syiem as Chairman, Bah Pynshngaiñlang N. Syiem as Vice Chairman, Bah Teiborlang Pathaw as Secretary and Bah Carness Sohshang as Asst Secretary.
Since the outbreak in Meghalaya, 93748 people have tested positive, 92176 have recovered and 1593 have died.
These guidelines are based on best practices around the world and are designed to improve patient safety and quality of care in hospitals.
Other members of the delegation were Rajnath Singh, Amit Shah, Ashwini Vaishnaw and Dr CN Manjunath from the BJP; N.Chandrababu Naidu of Telugu Desam Party; Nitish Kumar, Rajiv Ranjan Singh and Sanjay Jha of the Janata Dal (United).
Nartiang, July 04: The Mawbyna in Nartiang has now become one of the tourist attractions from all over the world and especially the people from this state who have come to see the Mawbyna in this way. you are in Nartiang.
Out of the 11 districts of the state, five are in Garo Hills.
: U Bah Robert June Kharjahrin, former member of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) and retired leader of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), on Saturday, has served for 20 years as a member of the KSU. He said that he still has the desire to continue his service to the country and the nation through politics.
In Shillong, we see that in many shops there are children who work in cleaning and various jobs even in car manufacturing factories.
Khliehriat, November 31: The SKDEJHD, in a statement sent by its leaders, President Teras Dkhar and General Secretary, Bah MH Dkhar, has informed the public that In the coming months, it will honor and award Excellence Awards to the students of Seiñ Kur Dkhar East Jaintia Hills District.
Another Bill that the EC will introduce in the House is the Subordinate Council of Chiefs and Headman Bill,
The Urban Mission, KJP Synod Sepngi and the singers of Shillong have organized the concert known as Summersalt with the support of MarBa Hub. Batesi TV and RedFM. The strike down will be held tomorrow morning as a sign to the people to end the violence against women and children.
The Minister said that in the next fiscal year the government will allocate funds to repair 200 school buildings in Lower Primary Schools and in the next three years they will strive to repair 800 buildings. On the part of the Chief Minister, he expressed his regret to see that the school buildings in the state are in poor condition.
In order for the children of the raïot and the nation to be healthy and strong, this annual ritual is held smoothly and is a blessing from the Creator.
During the inspection, the Seng found that many foreigners are working in the area without proper documents such as Work Permit and Labor Licence.
The NH 44 is also the main road of the Meghalaya government.
The meeting was attended by representatives of the tea farmers from Meghalaya, especially from the three tea farmers' associations, Ribhoi Tea Growers' Association, Mawlyngot Tea Growers' Society and West Garo Hills Tea Farmers' Association. Federation and other states have also come to take part.
Aniosca Basaiawmoit, Senior Trainer at the Central Training Institute, Mawdiangdiang, Meghalaya, was selected for the medal for the first time. first to receive this award.
The meeting between the Chief Ministers of the two states has not yet been announced.
He said that in the Assembly in these months, the opposition wants to speak Khasi and Garo languages ​​but while they are still in power they don't want the ILP or the fifth chapter to come into force in the state. Look at the TV channels in Mizoram you will not see that the Mizos speak Hindi or English but they speak their own language, this is the difference between the representatives of the Mizoram Government and the representatives of the Meghalaya Government.
Shillong, Nailur 07: The Government is now in a dilemma how to deal with those houses which have already been built which do not fall under the jurisdiction of the Youth Wing of KHNAM. The Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) has issued a notice to the households built without the permission of the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) to provide light or water to the households.
The objective of the Yatra is to provide training and assist in delivering the benefits of welfare schemes.
A tree fell on the ground floor of the MPRO office at Golflink this afternoon and hit a police Gyspy vehicle parked at the scene. parking lot.
After completing his studies at Minor Seminary, Upper Shillong, he continued his studies in Philosophy at Christ King College and Theology at Oriental Theological College, Shillong.
The Incident Commander, Zone-IV and the office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima will ensure that everyone complies with the orders issued today by the office of the DC. Shillong, July 22: The Seng expresses its opposition to the news that the Taxation Department of the State Government has implemented the “One Time Settlement Scheme” to forgive about 30% of the tax on petrol pumps. About 230 shops in the State have to pay VAT to the State Government. According to reports, the Taxation Department of the State has not been able to collect the VAT. It is estimated that these petrol pumps have cost about Rs 650 crore in the last three years.
On the other hand, the police said that if the buyers of such tiat, if they are martuh, the buyers will also be punished by the law by being fined or imprisoned.
According to SP News Agency, the company which has been awarded the first phase of the 4-lane road has been awarded the contract. Anjalee Pump to Sadew in Pomlum has been closed down and is no longer operational.
As UCIL is a department of the Central Government, the Government should understand that pre-mining activities can come from any department or department of the Government.
The KSU demands that the Government of India should immediately implement the ILP in the state and also the Government of Meghalaya should implement the MRSSA in the state. will continue to set up such gates to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners.
The rotary was built at Khyndailat to beautify the area in the center of Shillong, but in the past few years during the 2019 MP elections to the Lok Sabha, the Election Department has planted stones at the Khyndailat. and after that he came forth into the hand of the tree.
Although the NCP has given its support to the Congress government in Meghalaya, the NCP leader Verma has accused the Congress government in Meghalaya of not being able to do anything. Regarding the development projects that the people need, their support for the Congress government is to free the state from the mid-term elections.
The land owners have lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills and on this complaint the PWD has had to prepare a new DPR and this month the DPR will be completed. The DPR has been passed and the government has done what it needs to do.
Speaking to media, Sadhu said that officials of the Defense State Office in Guwahati attended the meeting and shared information and the work they will do in relation to the site. in the Lum Survey.
At present, only the BJP, TMC and AGP have members of Parliament who oppose the Congress government, Mahata said.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: Shillong, Jymmang 21: A fire has destroyed another old building in Shillong, Shillong. The Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Girls Higher Secondary School (KHHS) which was built in 1892 at Mission Compound Shillong has been destroyed by a fire.
In his speech, the DG BSF recalled that this day when the soldiers fought like heroes and this monument commemorates the India-Pakistan War
Speaking to SP News Agency, Rocket said that they are still taking action in this regard as many people have been affected by the storm. electricity to the public.
In the past five years, more than $100 billion companies have been established and more new companies are being added every month.
On the occasion, Pradhan said that the UGC Regulations, 2023 will pave the way for the establishment of more good universities in an orderly and transparent manner.
He said there are other small companies which the government has to pay besides these.
Jowai, Nailar 03: The people affected by the NGT's ban on coal mining in Meghalaya especially those who earn their living from the coal mining industry are now in deep sorrow over the continuation of the National Green Tribunal to impose ban on coal mining and transportation in Meghalaya.
“I would like to remind all the companies that have submitted tenders.
It is difficult to convince the youth “that education is the path to peace, if around us we see that the educated youth are poor and the poor are rich”().
After this, he led the “HamaraViksitSankalp Bharat Yatra” which was celebrated by all the participants of the programme.
After receiving information about the incident, members of the KSU Mawshbuit Unit immediately rushed to the scene to investigate the incident but could not find them. they.
Today, the country remembers with gratitude the leaders and officers who contributed to the drafting of our Constitution.
Ltd. Bah BL Marweiñ, Secretary Umlyngkdait Village, said that the Dorbar Shnong has expressed its deep sorrow over this tortious work of the employees of the NKC Company. The company is working on the construction of the fourlane road in the district, because the employees of this company have not thought about the needs of the people and without any hesitation they have cut them down with heavy machines. PHE water pipe that supplies water to the village.
All the employees took an active part in this cleanliness with the aim of keeping the office surroundings and areas in Shillong clean.
On the other hand, the office has tried to maintain social distancing in the workplace.
Through this release, the total release of funds this year as back to back loan instead of GST has reached T.1,15,000 crore.
If the UDP suddenly comes to power, perhaps the light of hope from the future may shine, but the struggle to lead may destroy the party to go back to those who used to. mlien to be the master.
Shillong, June 13: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNLC) in a statement sent to the media today said that Meghalaya has seen that Meghalaya has been in turmoil. just because the Chief Minister wants to implement a work permit for Bangladeshis.
“We have also requested RTI on the weight bridge but we have received answers that do not satisfy us,” he said. Shillong, Nailur 08: Former President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Youth Wing, Bah Hamlet Dohling, today joined the PDF at a public meeting held at Umlyngka and his supporters.
He also urged the residents of the State not to worry but to cooperate with various departments of the State Government, whether in the villages and districts.
Regarding the loss of houses in the Heritage Village, the EC will visit after the session.
Meanwhile, the Empowered Committees of Haryana and Uttarakhand today granted citizenship to those who applied for the first time in their states under the Citizenship (Amendment) Rules,
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has been directed to ensure that the stock of food items inside the shops in the villages is sufficient.
Sohra, November 18: The 50th death anniversary of Myllung SosoTham in Sohra has been celebrated with great success. He died in a public place in his hometown of Saisohpen.
He recalled that when he became an MLA he had raised this issue three or four times in the Legislative Assembly but no one has responded to this issue and until now nothing has been done. on the part of the government to provide water supply.
Before the government implemented it.
The President of the HYC said that as it appears from the decision of the High Court of Meghalaya, it is clear that the Meghalaya government has not yet set the implementation year, which means when and when it will start. to implement the Roster, the Court leaves it to the discretion of the Government and the Legislative Assembly.
Shri EM Pyngrope Secretary Umroi Presbyterian Church & Ex-MC Secretary Speaking on the occasion, he expressed his satisfaction that the school has become one of the best schools in the area. it produces students who have received Distinction in many subjects.
In recent years, many of those who have been trained as Air Hostess are also proficient in Hindi.
This independence struggle has been successful inside Pakistan and this has shown clearly from the failure to separate Pakistan and Bangladesh, this victory of the groups has also been successful in other countries of the world.
We don't even want to cut off our hearts and walk on the bodies of anyone who comes to ask for forgiveness if we lose our rights.
The Seng urges and requests the people (especially the youth) to join hands in this work and to have a sense of development and promotion of the community and not to buy from foreigners and also from the farmers. and thou shalt not sell too much.
Shillong, November 03: Shillong Police today arrested a man and seized heroin worth T.20 lakh from him.
Shillong, June 09: U Dr Azad Zaman MLA of Rajabala in West Garo Hills District has urged the people to pray for the world, India and Meghalaya from their homes. households today to fight against the COVID-19 pandemic.
The mother of Purobi Barua said that the protest was against the central government's law against the Assam Accord signed in
Now, in big cities we may not tell our neighbors anymore.
Regarding the complaint and letter sent to the Chief Minister, the CWCs have made 40 allegations against the party and the Khasi people.
There are two Fellowship Programmes, one is the PA Sangma Fellowship Program and this is for research and cooperation in the field of law. Government departments to ensure research in the formulation of policies, at the same time the officers of the state will also receive training at this National Law School.
Shillong, Iaiong 19: The Area 101 today held a training session at the Polo Ground in preparation for the parade to be held tomorrow morning to mark the 50th Anniversary of the Army. The army is in Shillong.
He said that he is also a friend to all those who have met him.
Prime Minister Duh promised the security forces that he would meet them when he came back to power.
Both these MLAs have understood that they will join the Congress party and contest the upcoming MLA election from the Congress party.
On the other hand, retired soldiers from Manipur should register in their own state so that they can receive the benefits provided from time to time in their own state. state,” said Bah Neng.
“This illegal smuggling of minerals such as coal and coal to the coal mining factories in East Jaintia Hills has escaped payment of taxes to the State Government due to the lack of check gates. DMR, JHADC to check the goods transported into the factories,” said Bah Pasi.
On this occasion, the students of the university marched around the schools of the university to shout against the CAB. They will hold and in the morning they will not start the protest.
: the meaning of the kingdom – the kingdom of the dead is the kind of creatures that are higher in rank.
The new EC of the District Council was urged to take action on this issue and to ensure that the trade of foreigners who have license should be limited to the goods or goods that have been approved by the investigation. The union said that although the Council has given permission to trade in Markhlaw, they still trade in goods which we feel is a violation of the Rules of the District Council.
Guaba Secretary to the Union Government said that if the State Governments recognize such villages under the ULBs, these villages will receive assistance from the Central Government from the 14Finance Commission from the Atal Mission. of Rejuvenation and Urban Transformation (AMRUT).
Regarding the Food and Beverages Department, the government has already written the rules known as the Meghalaya State Food Commission Rules and this is currently being improved.
The union also sent a statement to all the environmentalists and those who oppose the Star Cement project to write to the NGT because according to the Environment Clearance (EC) received from the MoEF&CC, it is clear that there is still time. JSU urges NGT to oppose and dissolve the EC of Star Cement within 30 days from the date of receipt of the EC. We must stand up at this time because of the violation of rights and the violation of the voice of the people by the government and Star Cement to ignore the voice of the people.
At present, there are very few Khasi and Jaintia teachers at the university in the rank of Professor and Assistant Professor. The union has urged the VC of NEHU to think more about the Khasi and Jaintia.
Replying to the announcement by Martle Mukhin to contest the MLA election 2018 from the HSPDP, Ardent said the Central Election Committee has not yet accepted any application for ticket from anyone. you candidate.
He was taken to Tirot Singh Memorial Civil Hospital Mairang and tested positive for COVID-1
Speaking on the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Himalaya Shangpliang said that according to the CAG report, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare in 2010 had purchased equipment to treat people with rheumatoid arthritis, but The machine has been admitted to the Civil Hospital without being used.
'Although we have signed the Instrument of Accession which is also called the Standstill Arrangement which includes the rules but we have not signed the Instrument of Merger' The National Commission for Scheduled Tribes (NCST) through an order dated April 26, 2012, has directed the Tribal Affairs Department to resolve these agreements and promises, said Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman. , MIDC, Government of Meghalaya, Chairman, Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States, when he met with the Minister of State for India, on 16th November Mr. John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MIDC, Chairman, Smt.
It was surprising to see the negligence of the government, that even after two months this road has been in the middle of the road but the government has not done anything, the residents just to protect them. The injured passengers have planted a tree so that the passengers can avoid the danger.
It is true that we have improved rapidly in knowledge, income, information, but we have gone astray.
Shillong, Nailar 29: The Meghalaya Ingenious Tribal Constitutional Right Movement (MITCRM) today held a meeting to discuss the Sixth Schedule. Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma in the presence of other government ministers.
Hundreds of residents gathered to listen to the explanations from the officers of these Government departments.
SBI Chief Manager, Region 1, Lalnilawmi, said the purpose of the training was to raise awareness among the people about the Prime Minister's commitment to make India a safe and secure country. the use of modern technology in the field of payment.
The Digital Advertising Policy 2023 has been developed after discussions with stakeholders and sets out the path for strengthening the Government of India's information dissemination through digital media and strengthens the dissemination of information to the people of the country.
In another incident, police received a complaint that Bondonnam Kharsyntiew, 14, of Raitsamthiah and Pawan Konwar, 12, of Lower Lachumiere, were missing from their homes.
Accusing the police of forcibly arresting the Khasi, Najiar said, “...when the members of the Union ask questions, the answer is always, 'It comes from the authorities. long.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: Along with other parts of the country, NEIGRIHMS, Shillong has celebrated the Vigilance Awareness Week from 10th to 16th November
The need for the District Councils of Jaintia and Khasi Hills to introduce the JHADC Clan Act/Rule to assist the 3367 Khasi Pnars and especially to introduce an Act in which the State Government authorities can The NOC should be obtained from the District Council authorities and especially from the Dorbar Kur or Seng Kur before issuing the Schedule Tribe Certificate. The Khasi Social Custom Lineage Act, 1997, which explains how to 'tang jait' in Jaintia Hills, should be introduced. There is no Act or Rule in this regard and he has learned that there are some kurs who have not yet accepted the 'tang jait'
On receiving this information, the police rushed to the scene to search the surrounding areas for the release of the abductee.
He also informed that the audience of the various programs and projects of the government to make the State and its cities, towns and villages clean, liveable and the best.
On the day of his inauguration, Nand was welcomed by NCST members Anusuia Uikey, Bari Krishna Damor and Harshadbhai Chunilal Vasava and Commission Secretary Raghav Chandra.
The purpose of this exhibition is to examine new techniques and methods to rebuild the so-called cleanliness of the mats and tyrpeng.
Brig CMF Prabhu won the silver medal, Esha Sharma won the women's best player and Lt Col Sandeep Sharma won the men's medal.
The reason why this group took over the construction of this school is that this school has been destroyed, although it is a deficit school but the school has been successful and this destruction of the school building. The school has resulted in a decrease in the number of students from one year to another.
With the confidence in the new Government and as one of the volunteers together with the participation of Samla Morgan Lyngdoh Leader of HYC Mawsynram recently in the past few days this Samla had the opportunity to meet with the The new Chief Minister of the State Government, Conrad K Sangma, has submitted a petition stating that the State Government under his leadership urgently needs to upgrade the Mawsynram C&RD Block to the status of Civil Sub-. Division.
Shillong, July 27: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that there has been a discussion between the Cabinet Ministers on the border settlement with Assam.
Police said that if anyone knows or recognizes the suspect, please call 0364-2224818, 0364-224400 of Sardar Police Station and 9856241405 of Pasture Beat House.
Speaking to reporters at the Shillong Press Club, Bah Pynshailang Lyngdoh, President of the Hima Langrin Youth Wing today expressed his gratitude and congratulations to the people and the people of Langrin. On the other hand, Bah Pynshailang Lyngdoh said that the appointment of Syiem Nangtei Sing Syiemiong as Syiem is a victory for the people of the Hima. Pynshailang, he informed the public that the Langrin Hima Samla Seng will withdraw the protest on this issue.
He said that the payment for the market should be paid on the 30th of this month.
Shillong, Naitung 16: Four youths, two Dkhars and two Dkhars, were arrested by the Mawlai Datbaki Youth Wing on Saturday night at 9:30 pm. Manon Singh, 26, of Them Mator, Sain Sing, 18, of Municipal, Marvin Son Jyrwa, 23, of Mawlai Nongpathaw and Jason Marbaniang, 18, of Mawlai Mawroh.
The HYC urges the MDCs to pass a law to protect the country and not to knieh shuki.
He said that in his view, even people who claim to be intelligent are still involved in corruption.
The country's enthusiasm for ISRO's initiatives is very encouraging.
Shillong, Naitung 11: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today announced that the government has decided to close down Shillong on Monday and Tuesday, the 13th and 14th of this month. moon.
Shillong, Iaiong 15: The FKJGP Sengkmei has expressed its dissatisfaction with the disrespectful attitude of the offices of various banks in Hynniewtrep Hills on the 15th of this month. June 2019 organized by the Khasi Religious Association.
Bah RB Lyngdoh, Rangbah Shnong of Umsong, said that the entire village has suffered from power outages since the start of the World Cup and that the people have lost to witness with their own eyes through the television to watch the football matches of the world champions at this year's World Cup.
In Laitkor constituency, the candidates who intend to contest from this constituency include Bah Draison Kharshiing from the UDP. In Laitkor, they said that the contest will be between Bah Ardent and Bah Lambor Malngiang.
The Constitution protects the rights of citizens, especially the minorities, and enables everyone to live freely within the country, without regard to religion, race, or ethnicity. gender and so on.
Shillong, June 04: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today conducted a mock drill at the Diocesan Pastoral Center Tura which has been set up as a Corona Care Center in Tura.
Shillong, November 04: The Chairman of the Ri Bhoi Tourism Development Forum (RBTDF) on Tuesday said that the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District should complete the 4 lane road in Nongpoh.
On the other hand, Bah Gigur has directed the foreigners who do not have the necessary documents and Trading License to close their shops and to go to the Council office to get the Trading License. trade license.
The Rangbah Shnong and the residents of the area have announced that the curfew has been lifted for 72 hours on Saturday morning at 5 pm on the 7th of this month.
Shillong, November 22: U Bah Latiplang Kharkongor MDC Nongthymmai today visited the Holy Child Mercy Home at Demthring to join them in the Christmas celebration. hands to help them.
The deceased were identified as C Dhar, Thal Shadap, Sik Talang, Tal Nartiang, Chirup Sumer from Mukroh and 10 others from Mukroh. and those who died in Karbi were not named.
If they take the initiative to tell what can be done better in companies, the cooperation of groups and the private sector and the government will bring good for the country,” she added.
On arrival at the Additional Secretariat, there were speeches by the students on the environment and how to fight against the use of plastic. I also attended Pine Mount School.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister said that the expenditure of the State Government has more than doubled compared to the previous five years. In 2017-2018, the Government has spent Rs 9000 crore in 2023-2024 and Rs 21,000 crore in the Financial Year.
“This is just an example of many others who have two ballot papers,” said Bappun Sangma, FKJGP Garo Hills leader.
Aloto scored 641 runs for 33 wickets (11th in the country) while Neha scored 107 runs for the U-16 Vijay Merchant Trophy. 4 wickets in the U-15 Girls One Day Trophy for Manipur.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) in North Khasi Hills District has congratulated the MDA government for the work of the CRPF. Conrad K. Sangma as the Chief Minister of the State Government on the decision to build the Entry & Exit Points especially in Ri-Bhoi which is the main route for people who come through the state of Assam.
The work is difficult when this rule is implemented.
Speaking to reporters, the party's Central Executive Committee has taken a decision on the reservation roster.
After 1948, when BordoloiDangoriya gave the first Ayurvedic College to Assam in Guwahati, we will now have the second Ayurvedic College in Dudhnoi, after a gap of 76 years.
Admission Eligibility: Graduates with at least 50% aggregate or 45% aggregate (reserved category) marks from any recognized university.
Through our cooperation we can help every citizen of this country.
Other candidates who received votes were Santosh R Marak with 870 votes, Lahatson N Marak with 512 votes, Mahamsing M Sangma with UDP with 511 votes and Jan N Areng with IND with 511 votes. Siljong R Marak IND received 233 votes while NOTA received 279 votes.
MEPA in an emergency meeting today, 7th July, 2020 has discussed this incident and feels that this rude behavior of the Minister of Home Affairs to this journalist is inappropriate according to his rank. The Minister said that this journalist and his fellow journalists have been waiting to meet with the Minister of Home Affairs to discuss many issues related to the state.
“We are following up on this issue with the state government.
Speaking to reporters, Prestone said that the vaccination will now be for all those who have reached the age of 45 years. in government or even private health facilities as well.
In the eyes of those who oppose this government announcement, they have the intention of becoming private owners and want to make money by allowing non-Tribals to trade and work freely without a trading license or labor license.
The Syiem said that the Hima will seek a reply from the contractor who has been appointed to repair the road according to the approval. from the residents of Majai.
On the same day, the Chief Minister also inaugurated the Multi Facility Center at a cost of T.40 lakh.
Latest reports obtained by the SP News Agency said that the MPCC leaders have been invited to Delhi before the New Year to discuss the issue. The AICC wants to announce all the candidates in the 60 constituencies before the 15th of July.
The meeting was also attended by Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, EM in charge of Labor and Youth Affairs. You are the MDC of Mawkynrew Constituency.
There are 7000 COVID-19 Committees in the state in urban and rural areas in collaboration with government authorities and Dorbar Shnongs.
The welcome speech was opened by the Speaker of the House, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma followed by members of the House including the Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma. Sangma and the closing remarks were delivered by the Speaker of the House, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh.
Three officials of the state, one for buying 280 Bighas, one for 5000 Bighas and one for 4000 Bighas, were appointed at the public meeting. They were Kailash Lohia, Suresh Pithani and Ramavatar Bhurakia.
Those tourists who wish to visit this unique three level jri bridge in Phlangtyngor can visit on the 25th July 2019 or those who wish to visit the best and most beautiful jri bridge If you have any questions, please contact us at this number (9436111103) in advance so that you can arrange your vehicles from Shillong to these places.
These houses have been prepared by the Urban Development Department of the State Government and these houses will be submitted to the committee to take the final decision which houses should be recognized and placed under the Heritage Site.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah K Myrshiang Secretary of the CCIB said that what they want is to send for another inspection of the border because they are not satisfied. They also want to fight against the ksianar shiah but before they do, they must first fix the border.
The highest expenditure was for the G-20 meeting which amounted to T.65 lakh.
ICARE President Toki Blah said:
However, on this day, instead of registering with the SMB, the land vendors held a flag raising ceremony in front of the SMB office and many of these land vendors carried their flags. Angela Rangad, president of TUR, was also present.
On the other hand, the union said that the youth should be issued permits due to unemployment.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has ordered all shops to close from 9 pm according to the rules laid down by the government.
Maya Kyndiah Vice President of the Sein Jaintia Women's Wing gave a welcome speech, a welcome song by the members of the Sein Jaintia Women's Wing and a traditional dance by the teachers. of the Secretary of the Sein Jaintia School and welcome speech by Bah Armanki Pariat, Secretary of the Sein Jaintia School.
During the visit, together with the elders of Mawtamur village, it was found that it is true that the people of Assam have come to clean up the area. The cleaners from the Assam Forest Department said that the bridge in Um Pailai has been constructed in Assam.
Since the beginning of the school, there has been no explanation or even a Parents meeting.
The fire brigade is still trying to extinguish the fire which is still burning until this morning. The fire brigade is still helping to pour water to extinguish the tree.
Viewpoint 2.
Shillong, Nailar 14: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the government has decided to appoint a magisterial inquiry into the death of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew. Police have arrested him at his residence in Mawlai Kynton Massar on Tuesday morning.
To discuss this and to clarify the objectives of the Seng, the President of the Seng, Bah HM Marbaniang said that the Seng will hold a public meeting on the 14th of this month at 11:00 pm. at the Khasi National Durbar Hall, Mawkhar, Shillong for further clarification before the schools join as full members of the Association.
On the other hand, Ryntih is pleased to receive this opportunity to promote football in the state. In the agreement signed by them, they have clearly stated the procedures for running this training center and All the work will start after Ranjit Bajaj arrives in Diengpasoh.
Speaking to the residents, the Commandant said that if there is anything that the BSF can do, the residents should tell them what they can do on the part of the BSF. The BSF will continue to assist the border villages.
The construction of this site has cost T.151.33 crore with the support of T.136.20 crore from the Central Government and through the NLCPR while the State has allocated T.15.13 crore. .
Kison said that there are many other rules which the company has violated which were agreed with the village , but the closure of the dewbilat factory today is because it does not employ them The youths of the village, although they have already submitted their documents, said that they are still at the site of the shan dewbilat factory.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister said that this cannot be announced to the public because the rule does not allow it. persons enjoying legal protection.
The JAC said that the former Executive Committee took action after a strong demand from the children of the Hima Sohiong who turned to the KHADC under the leadership of the JAC. KHADC has suspended Bah Bashemphang Thabah and appointed Bah AE Gatphoh, Officer of KHADC to investigate the demand of the JAC. “Therefore, we demand that the Deputy CEM should expedite this matter and immediately remove Bah Bashemphang Thabah from the post of Lyngdoh of Sohiong Hima. getting suspended.
Most of the cows were seized from Pynursla area. Two of them were Bah Wan Khongsdam and Bah Pynbiang Sohkhlet. Mawkyrnot, 30 Masi were seized from the vehicle.
Shillong, Iaiong 09: The foundation stone of the PHC in Jirang, which was laid in 2002 by Bah Sayeedullah Nongrum, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, has been destroyed by the wild animals. which has not been able to build this PHI in this area till date which falls under Ri Bhoi District.
RPF police have arrested three persons from Katihar and seized 28 Ativan tablets 2 mg from Guwahati Railway Station. seizure of mobile phones stolen from passengers.
These rituals which have started are held in the homes of the people to perform the rituals for the deceased.
The Kolkata Police Chief arrived at the CBI office in Oakland at 10.45 pm and the investigation lasted from that time to 7.15 pm. it was about five hours.
During these two days, people from all over Ri Khasi will bring live fish and those from Garo Hills will bring dead fish.
This was announced by the Executive Director of the State Disaster Management Authority, Kong Matsiewdor War Nongbri, while giving an estimate of the affected 79 villages across the state.
The death toll from Covid-19 has risen to nine including an elderly man who died yesterday from Anjalee.
PD Nongrum General Secretary of the Khasi Seng (KNU) expressed his gratitude to the government for allowing us to hold this annual Suk Mynsiem festival this year.
This was stated by the President of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Nongthymmai Pyllun, Bah Bantylli Nari, while speaking at the meeting of the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem. the cleansing of the city on Sunday.
The Government has also introduced a 2% reduction in interest rates to ease the burden on borrowers and this continues today.
The funds which the government is currently seeking to allocate are for the construction of school buildings in the rural areas so that the students from the rural areas can also compete with the students in the urban areas.
In a petition to the Prime Minister of India, the AJYWO said that tens of thousands of villagers in Jaintia Hills who used to earn their living from coal mining, have now been forced to leave their homes. The residents of Jaintia Hills are unemployed and the sad thing is that soon a terrible famine due to the famine will strike the residents of Jaintia Hills.
The funeral service for the remains of Bah Ronal will be held on the 24th of this month at the Presbyterian Church Nongpyndeng at 2.30 pm.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya has scheduled to conduct a special training for the MLAs of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly who have just won for the first time on the procedure. to take part in the House.
Regarding the reconstruction of the dome, the Lamphang said that the collapsed synrums have been cleaned and the reconstruction work is in progress.
The venue will be at the KSU Central Body Office, Jaiaw, Shillong.
Conrad said the central government had released the money on 18th June this year amounting to T.270 crore but the Meghalaya government has not yet released the money to the people. District Council.
He now sells his products to various shops across the state.
Shillong, November 05: Despite many shortcomings in urban schools, the Presbyterian Lower and Upper Primary School, Mawdulop, Mawdulop, has produced good results in the education of the students. the spread of knowledge to the city.
He went to Lahore to bring peace.
Shillong, July 01: The three civil society organizations including the KSU, FKJGP and HNYF in an emergency meeting convened today have decided to demand from the government within 24 hours arrest those persons involved in the shooting at Them motor.
On the other hand, the BSF has directed those who wish to join the BSF to go to these places.
The demand for eco-friendly tourism activities continues to increase as people are now more conscious of their environmental impact and are looking for sustainable options.
The entire durim was destroyed in the north-eastern parts of Ri Khasi especially in Mawlangwir, Synrang Mawrin and Mawmahwar.
Police have seized T.53,000/- from them.
Similarly, if the Garo cannot fill 40%, the remaining % should not be converted to plus % in future job advertisements.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: U Bah Iskot Kurkalang, husband of Sliang Timai Syiem, resident of Pohkseh, Shillong, has passed away today at his residence in Pohkseh. this time.
Police launched a search operation after receiving a tip that a parachute had fallen from the sky with a strange object.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Pyniaidsing Syiem, CEM of KHADC, said that the implementation of the Building Bye Law on the land of District Councils has been suspended in The District Council shall not implement the Building Bye Law.
Shillong, March 17: Following the arrest of 19 Nigerians, the East Jaintia Hills District Police have stepped up their search operations against vehicles entering Meghalaya from Assam.
Shillong, July 13: Police in East Garo Hills have arrested three persons for extorting T.4.5 lakh from a wealthy man in the area.
In a statement released to the public, it was written that as a church, we cannot remain silent or watch from a distance on this issue.
The revival of the Shad Suk Mynsiem was attended by young men and women from all over the Bri Hynniewtrep.
Regarding the confusion in the conduct of the NEET examination in Jowai and Nongpoh, there are at least 500 students who wrote the examination in Jowai and Nongpoh last year. The JSU and KSU together with the students who wrote the NEET examination have sent a letter of complaint to the National Testing Agency (NTA) and to the State Government to seek clarification on the conduct of examinations at these two centers but for more than two months no reply has been received from the NTA and this has left the students in darkness.
Answering additional questions, the Minister said the government has a plan to increase the number of Superintending Engineer offices in the state and West Jaintia Hills is one of the government's plans.
“Foreigners who come to do business, work and live here have to follow the rules and regulations,” said Bah Siangshai.
To solve problems is only through consultations and dialogue, with understanding and tolerance and therefore we need to ensure that we build tolerance with our neighboring partners, to be confident in dialogues and in rules of engagement, to find ways in which we can understand each other and in such critical cases, these tolerances must exist," he said.
If the notifications to implement the CrPC and CPC are as written by CM , Conrad Sangma on his FB page , it means that the notifications will be in conflict with para 5 (3) of the Sixth Schedule They are not appointed by the District Council.
From now on, we have informed the DC that if they find anything wrong with the fish, we are ready to return the fish,” he added.
This is according to a statement issued by the Publicity Secretary Nongmensong Unit.
The CoRP has organized this program as part of its 25th Anniversary celebration and will continue to organize many programs across the Ri Bhoi region to make it a successful event.
The two bodies were taken by the police and investigated according to the law.
He expressed his gratitude to the PDF ruling committee for allowing him to take over this post and said that in the conduct of the House, he will fight as much as possible to enforce the rules as urged in his speech. very.
Because of this, it is very pleasant for the pedestrians because they can experience the beauty of nature in many ways.
On the same day, the Governor also launched the Lama of the Bharat Scouts and Guides, which will be used by the Bharat Scouts and Guides. part of the poor are not rangli in this country.
Shillong, Nailur 03: The Union of Seng Samla Shnong Seng Kmie has expanded its office within the boundary of Shillong City by confirming its office bearers. on 2.09.2023 at Mawkhar Community Hall.
Shillong, Naitung 16: The Executive Committee of the JACATAM, after a long discussion, has decided to hold a sit-in strike.
Other works that the NEC has done for the state include many roads which have been constructed with the funds of the NEC and many roads which will be constructed with the funds of the NEC. Replying to the lack of funds for the NEC, the Secretary acknowledged that this is true but at the same time the authority to spend the funds, he said. that the money is available if it can be used properly.
Jowai, Jymmang 25: Leaders of the Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) under the leadership of its President, today met with the CEM of JHADC, Ma Thombor Shiwat on the grounds of demanding from the Council to issue a Non Encumbrance Certificate to the JHADC. The Deputy Commissioner has issued this Certificate through the Registrar Department where the residents have faced many problems especially the high fee they have to pay to get their land registered. After registering, you will receive the Certificate.
Along with other achievements, Supercare Hospital is also the only hospital in the North East to have received all the NABH Accreditation, NABH Certification for Emergency and NABH Nursing Excellence.
He said that as the state has already accepted the slaughterhouse while the government does not recognize the slaughterers, the government has the job of raising pigs, cattle but does not have the job of raising cows.
Williamnagar, November 12: The Basin Development Unit of East Garo Hills District under the Meghalaya Basin Development Authority (BADA) has held a two-day sohphan competition at Williamnagar which started on the 11th and ended today. in the middle of the night.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that through the media, I have sent this message to GVK and MEMRIWU to reach an agreement. to address these issues.
In his speech, the MLA expressed his regret that there are still villages which do not have schools, ASHAs and Aganwadi Centres. villages should have school buildings.
Laitkor won the title with 15 points while Nongrim Hills won with 12 points.
“Even the Instrument of Accession, which your Government passed 76 years ago, has not been implemented as it should be.
To protect the consumers, the Cabinet has approved to implement the Meghalaya State Consumer Protection Council, which will have District Consumer Protection Councils in the State and in the Districts.
The demand of the SSA teachers is that the government should transfer the SSA teachers to the education department of the state. in the year
The equipment donated by World Vision to PHC Jongsha is one Chem 7 biochemical semiautomatic analyzer, two baby warmers, two Hb automatic analyzer, one multipurpose refrigerator. the employment of the people.
Shillong, Naitung 11: The KSU today held a public meeting at Umrynjah village in East Khasi Hills District to explain to the public regarding the railway line which the government wants to build in these hills. Khasi.
All this is the will of God. The establishment of this church in Shnong Nangbah is also a blessing.
It was also witnessed through the videos that the Karbi even used spears and ryntieh to intimidate the Pnars.
Shillong, Lber 08: The opposition in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly today filed its nomination papers for the post of Speaker of Meghalaya on the 12th of this month.
The Khasi people first settled in these areas from the foothills of Mount Makashang to the shores of the Bay of Bengal.
The program was conducted by the Planning and Investment Department of the Government of Arunachal Pradesh.
At this meeting, it was informed that in order to promote the cultivation of sha in the hilly areas, the government should provide up to 75 percent assistance for the planting of sha. for those factories that produce tea leaves for the purpose of producing good tea leaves.
When asked, Prestone said the terms of reference of the Regional Committee are the same as in the first phase of the boundary talks.
“The recruitment should be allowed first to those who have graduated from the government sector as this is the policy of the state government,” said the MGNSA officials. Government on the amendment of the Meghalaya Nurse's Service Rules,
Speaking to SP News Agency, he said that the place is not a public place but a private place. The surprising thing is that those who are not jhur traders sell jhur. pir who went to inspect this place which was set up to sell jhur khutia.
Selected candidates should check the venue allocated for them to attend the personal interview or they can go and inquire at the venue where they submit their applications.
Shillong, March 17: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) today sent a statement to the media through Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw Publicity Secretary. hours, on the first and second day of the 21st and 22nd of this month.
EKH: 14WGH: 01WJH:03.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that this area will be a major hub for trade in the North East and the entire country. This must be done in order for the income of the North East of India to change.
However, most of the market is occupied by middlemen or middlemen who charge the farmers by paying for the produce before harvesting.
Bicameral- Ardorbar is a system of establishment of dorbars in a khadar system which includes two types of dorbars empowered to implement the laws in society.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: KSU Mawlai Circle on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Principal of Sacred Hearts Boys Higher Secondary School, Fr. T.Kharsyntiew on the incorrect writing of the name of Mawlai on the sweaters of school children.
“The Government has built a complex to accommodate doctors, engineers and other government employees under the same roof,” he said.
MLAs and Rangbah Shnongs from the district attended the ceremony.
The airport terminal is state-of-the-art which promotes energy efficiency, renewable energy and resource reuse.
Shillong, July 19: The Indian Army today rescued 200 people trapped in an earthquake at Bomdila in West Kameng District of Arunachal Pradesh.
He said the government has already asked for time to meet with the Union Home Minister to discuss this issue.
Shillong, Naitung 14: Six days after taking over the post of CEM of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla has prepared the names of the EMs who will be in the Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). Governor of the state on Monday to get approval.
As usual every year, there was a prayer to the Creator on the slopes of Lum Sohpetbneng which was specially built and consecrated as an altar of incense. and they were five years old.
While the country received about 97,000 new COVID cases per day during the peak of the pandemic in November 2020, the country has now reached 81,000 cases per day.
It is through such discussions that Nagaland has reached the point where the NNC led by Phizo has formed another stronger party known as the NSCN. There is no meaning in the Government if it cannot solve the problems of any nation if it cannot solve them with freedom.
In South Garo, the home polling will start on 12/June/2024 and end on 13/June/2024 for two days.
New Delhi, June 04: The Asian Center for Human Rights (ACHR) in a statement today said that the office of the President of India has become merely a seal of the Ministry of Home Affairs. house of the central government.
When Arabindra did not return home, his wife Sunita Das lodged a complaint with the Sardar Police station on 26.7.2016 and on the same day her daughter who lives in Pune. She phoned that her father had been kidnapped and demanded Rs 5 crore to release him from the kidnappers.
Therefore, the government urges the JACATCM to refrain from the strikes as it will affect the teaching profession and the students.
Shillong, Nailur 22: Lumdiengjri Police today at 10 pm arrested Bah Maikhel Pakyntein from his residence in Lower Mawprem on charges of setting fire to a petrol bomb. u Bah Paul Lyngdih in these days.
In her speech, the Deputy Commissioner of SWKH District, I.Laloo said that the future of the children depends on a healthy body.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the inability to pay the bailight on time is because the light bill has not been collected from the people on time and this has caused the MePDCL has failed to pay the light bill to the companies supplying the light.
Due to the Covid-related situation, the program has been arranged to be held online from 12-13 July,
With the addition of more than 175 GW of electricity generation capacity in the past six years, India has transformed from an electricity shortage country to an electricity rich country.
Besides the Governor Phagu Chauhan who was the chief guest, the event was also attended by the Chief Executive Member Prestone Tynsong, Chief Executive Member Titostarwell Chyne and MLA. Mawlai Constituency Director General Dr. LR Bishnoi, State Government Officers and thousands of children who came from all over the country.
There are three authorities in charge of the four corners of the market, the headquarters of the market is under the jurisdiction of the camp, and to Mawlong Market there are parts of the cantonment and the Municipal. The Urban Development Department is responsible for the Sixth Schedule areas.
The reason for the inability to take a decision on this day is that some leaders have suggested to join the PDF, some have said to support any party that has the goal of winning, Congress, UDP, and NPP. Because Bah Lamphrang Kharbani listened to the opinion of the people and at the same time to consult the opinion of the leaders on that day, it was suggested to create a the Committee shall look into this matter.
“When we monitor, we find that many of the day laborers especially in Ribhoi area the money does not reach their bank accounts but reaches the accounts of the schools and the accounts of the school principals.
Police have registered a case under CS No.04/2019 dated 28/01/2
However, the BSF troops on high alert seized 69 cows, 28 from Tuka and 41 from Muktapur.
He said that the benefit of the Community College is that any teachers appointed in such colleges will work in the same place until they retire. also to the students of the College.
Police have received a complaint and the investigation is ongoing.
The KKHA has submitted a complaint to the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem recently. They came out to guide the way and to point out the shops of foreigners without licenses.
On the other hand, the residents have sent a petition to the Minister of Assam demanding that the government should not allow them to leave the area. They don't have the necessary documents to own the land where they live, besides that they also asked for jobs such as health centers and other daily necessities.
Wahsynon scored three goals while Friend United scored only one goal.
The Chairman said that according to the AD rules, he has informed the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills District about the political change in GHADC and he will inform the Governor.
At the same time, key sectors in the financial sector such as the RBI, banks, ATMs, money markets as recognized by SEBI and insurance companies will continue to work to ensure the smooth running of operations in the factories.
If we look at other roads which the government has already improved such as Shillong-Sohra, Shillong-Mairang, Shillong-Nongstoin, Shillong-Nongpoh, Shillong-Jowai and Shillong-Tura roads have been improved. Shillong-Mawsynram-Balat-Ryngku about 30,000 or more large and small wells can be found.
Prime Minister Duh also announced that after July 21, the Government of India will provide free vaccines to all citizens of the country who have reached the age of 18 years.
“In less than three months, we have submitted a handwritten letter to the PHE office but it seems that the village has been abandoned like this,” said Bah Shullai.
Shillong, Naitung 13: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today announced that 365 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills. after.
Answering a question whether the government will implement the night curfew on the border with Bangladesh as there is a conflict between the people on the border.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: A petrol truck collided with another petrol truck on the Shillong By-pass at Diengpasoh today. She was injured and was taken to NEIGRIHMS for treatment.
Aristotle C Rymbai President of MSSASA Sengkmie, said that till the fourth day of the Letter Campaign, about 1235 teachers have sent their complaints to the Prime Minister. country and also to request him to intervene on the NIOS's discrimination against teachers who are fighting for D.El.
Farmers are also requested to wear masks and keep a distance of 4 to 5 feet from each other during harvesting, threshing, cleaning, sorting and harvesting of crops in their farmland to prevent the entry of insects. jaboh and pump pum into the ryndang.
There are 755 recoveries in East Khasi Hills, 395 in East Khasi Hills and 22,976 recoveries.
Phibarisha Kurbah and Ryngkatdor Suting also received computer equipment as gifts.
Shillong, June 24: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Titosstarwell Chyne today said that the meeting discussed the issue of Schedule Tribes. CEM of GHADC Albinush K Marak said that the meeting discussed the issue of issuing ST certificates to District Councils. The District Administration, in this meeting, has decided that before issuing the syrnot, the residents should get the certification from the District Councils.
Regarding the villages without schools, Mukhim directed the MDCs of the House to report to the District Council how many villages do not have schools in their constituency.
He said that if the State Government does not listen to the demands of the 4th Teachers announced today, the teachers will not hesitate to continue with other strong strikes.
On the other hand, the Secretary of Mawlai Nonglum Village, said that it was during the tenure of MLA and Deputy Chief Minister, Bah SD Khongwir that the Pata System was abolished. The Khasi who buy the land do not get the land at all, but only the tenants and users of the land.
The NTA has announced that a writ petition has been filed by students who have passed the NEET (UG) 2024 examination before the Punjab High Court. and Haryana, Delhi, and Chhattisgarh.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla, said that the EC today sent a complaint to the Chief Minister and demanded an inquiry into the Chairperson. of the MSWC on its appeal against the KHADC Bill to the Governor.
I wish the school to continue to move forward in many areas for the future of the country and the nation”.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: There are 55 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 21 cases in West Garo Hills and 12 cases in West Garo Hills. There are 10 districts in which 10 people have tested positive for COVID-1
Mukhla, November 01: Speaking as the chief guest at the 25th Anniversary Celebration of JNV School Mukhla, the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, Arunkumar Kembhavie, said, “Education is not just about passing well. examinations, but it should be done with dignity and respect.
A total of 96363 people have tested positive for COVID-19, 94622 have recovered and 1616 have died.
The sudden suspension of the work of VHAM on the report submitted by the investigation team is not true at all. It is alleged that there has been a suspension for several months against the Project Director of VHAM. I'm from Jowai.
Hek said that according to the report of the Indian Institute of Technology Guwahati, it is clear that the failure of the Legislative Assembly is that there is no difference between the weight and the lack of carrying capacity. understanding between the artists and contractor when executing the work.
Shillong, Nailar 09: The BJP Meghalaya State Unit has strongly criticized the poor performance of the Food and Beverage Department in Meghalaya.
This election will demonstrate his power as the leader of the state.
I would like to remind that I have been informing Him to talk peace since before the MP Election 2019 and until today, but I never thought that he would call me back to peace through the media.
To reach Pomblang Iewduh which is located on the top of the hill in Smit, the crowd left the house of Syiem Sad with the traditional dress and shooting according to the customs and traditions which have been preserved since ancient times. before the ceremony began.
Speaking at the meeting, Dr Singh said that the North East of India has the potential to increase income generation in the world as many of the areas have not yet been developed. shem ha duh these days.
Wanshuwa Nongtdu said that the NPP-led government will fulfill the wishes of the people of East Jaintia Hills District. .
Media sources close to the Home Ministry said that these specially sent government police arrived on Tuesday and will assist the government authorities in conducting the election.
Police have arrested several members of KSU Mawlai Circle including Sankhmer Syiemlieh.
Speaking at the meeting, the Air Marshall praised the initiative of the Central Government to celebrate the Sngi Seng of different States, saying it would help to bring about unity and understanding of the language. , the customs and rights of others.
Shillong, November 30: Under the leadership of the General Secretary of the party, Bah David Kharsati, the BJP today laid a wreath to commemorate the 154th death anniversary of Kiang Nangbah. They were defeated by the French in the struggle for their own nation.
Eastern West Khasi Hills District was declared as the 12th District of Meghalaya by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma in the presence of other dignitaries. The meeting was held at Madan Tiehpdang, Pyndengumiong, Mairang on the 10th of November last year.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma on Saturday inaugurated several projects at Babadam in West Garo Hills in the presence of the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Thomas A. Sangma and the Minister of PHE. Marquis Marak.
When the Khasi and Jaintia Hills were still the capital of Assam, the demand for Rilum Hills was raised because the Assam government wanted to force the Assamese language throughout the country. the state.
Shillong, June 26: KaAI has won three medals in the Sub Junior National Karate Championship held at Talkotara Indoor Stadium in Delhi from 20th to 22nd of this month. moon.
This will be followed by a review meeting on peace and order in Imphal.
Shillong, Nailar 13: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, will inaugurate the Mawlai Bye Pass on Saturday. This is the painting of Prestone Tynsong.
Shakliar Warjri HSPDP has been appointed to the Sports, Bills, Registration and Stamp Departments. AL Hek has been appointed to the Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries, Printing and Inspection. to the secretariat.
Shillong, July 22: The Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday said that the Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has conducted the House according to the AD Rule.
At this meeting, they also handed over a syrnot to the DC. Ka Seng on this occasion expresses its strong opposition to the Deputy Commissioner that due to the spread of Covid 19 almost all over the country has banned vehicles. To travel along with Assam until now there are still cases of this disease will be dangerous if people who have this disease come.
Three families from Saphai village in West Jaintia Hills District have become ill after eating tit buid.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the SP of East Jaintia Hills District said that the passengers were on their way to the Bansara Eye Care in Saipung. , but before you can reach this place, you must change your mind.
o MW, and there are about 32,660 electricity consumers or households who have received electricity and surprisingly, about 13,064 people are still holding or have not paid their light bill, including who pay the electricity bill slowly.
Nongstoin, November 11: Ka West Khasi Hills, one of the Sengbhalang in the West Region, is surprised that the Government has not been able to open the Prison Jail (Thanad) of the West Khasi Hills District. Nongstoin, which has been built in recent years, is located near the Photkhyntheimar River on the boundary of Mawkawah Village and will lead to the well.
East Garo Hills 1, and North Garo Hills
Issuing the Stay Order in the case, the Court said that the expulsion is a violation of Articles 19 (e) and 21 of the Constitution of India.
"We need to understand how this happened but it is very difficult to find the initial source of light," he said.
I will not join the NPP or contest from any other party.
Paragraph 20 of the Sixth Schedule provides for this.
On this occasion, Mawlai MLA Brighstarwell Marbaniang urged the government to set up a drug treatment center in Mawlai as Mawlai too has many drug users.
Police believe one was the driver and the other the passenger.
Besides these bullets, police also seized from the residence of a suspect from Mizoram, a wild boar, nine rings of Syier, one you're right.
At this meeting, the KSU explained to the public about the threat posed by the CAA through the easy entry of Hindu Bangladeshis into Meghalaya through the 443 km long border and through Assam.
Bah Witting Mawsor, said inside the house that Maweit PHC has not had light for six months. government will look into this.
New Delhi, Naiwieng 01: The Government of India, the Government of Meghalaya and the World Bank on Tuesday signed a $40 million Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) for health services. 2021.
In those Hills state protesters who went to jail and took power and won Indira Gandhi and this generation should win Modi, if at that time Indira could be convinced even now. should be able to convince Modi.
The Chief Minister of Assam said that since the partition of Meghalaya in 1972, there have been areas which have been in the midst of conflict and these have not been resolved yet if they can be resolved. before it would not be as the place now.
The strike has reached its second day today and has affected the students across the state in adhoc and deficit schools in four districts of Meghalaya.
Everyone is requested to cooperate with the government in the fight against COVID-19 in the state.
The value of the drugs seized in the world market is T.9.8 lakh.
The HYC strongly condemns this and wants to see that there should be mutual respect and urges the Ministers of our State, MLAs, KHADC and Leaders of our Dorbar Trai Ri Please improve your ryngdang and work not to be stopped or to become just a trailer of jeep Assam.
In one corner of the house, she had just finished dyeing a silk ksaieri from the color of a stone found in the village.
The way of the cross is not to divide one group against another or one religion against another.
When the complaint is filed in the High Court, the Governor of the State issues the AR without proper grounds, but when there is a case in the High Court, the AR is canceled because they do not have sufficient grounds. It means that they have surrendered, it means that the foundation of Bah Latiplang is strong, it means that Latiplang should be the CEM of KHADC. The Prime Minister is elected by the Governor, the CEM, Chairman and Deputy Chairman are elected by the Legislative Assembly. .
However, despite the Government's best efforts, the goal of eradicating the disease appears to be a difficult task without the cooperation of the community.
Mukhim said the Minister of Health and Family Welfare has agreed to take action on the request of the union and on the 14th of April, 2023 she will personally inspect the condition of these places. give treatment to find out with your own eyes.
He said that any scheme introduced by the Central Government and implemented by successive governments cannot be owned because it is a scheme of the Central Government, the Congress cannot own it. scheme.
“After receiving the census, we will know how much money is needed,” said Prestone Tynsong, Chief Minister.
If these Non-Trabals who do not have a Trading License in Jaintia Hills do not have a Trading License or have not renewed it, is it illegal? Who will benefit from the non-implementation of the Trading License as it should belong to the JHADC, Non-Tribal or Jaidbynriew? If according to the information received from the JHADC there are only 321 Valid Trading Licenses. , the question is; What is JHADC? What is the MDC? Where are the employees of JHADC in charge of Trading License?  What is the “Trading By Non-Tribal) Act 2011? What is the Trading By Non-Tribal Rules, 2015? If in this way foreigners can do business openly without complying with the rules, what will be the future of Do you want to know this?
Shillong, November 3: The Chairman of the House Committee of the KHADC, Bah Gigur Myrthong, who is also the Deputy Chief Executive Member, on Tuesday said that the report is being prepared and will be sent to the Executive Committee. Their findings during their visit to Nongbah Jynrin.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Sangma said he had already written to the state government to release the money for the implementation of development works of the GHADC. now the state government has not released the money.
Bah Marngar said that their protest will continue as permission from the District Administration, this protest will be only from these Khasi Hills which includes seven districts.
The election of office bearers will be for the period 2016 to 2019. Besides the president, Bah RL Lyngdkhoi was elected as Vice President, Bah S Reenborne as general secretary, besides these, 40 others were elected as executive members of the party.
In Umroi, Pynskhemborlang Sun has been appointed as President and Isynei Hinge as General Secretary of Umroi BCC. from the party.
Shillong, July 06: The State Government together with the Eastern Air Command have decided to work together to fight to expedite the relief efforts in any time of disaster. natural forces, whether from earthquakes, floods or others.
There are 2360 cases in the state, mostly in East Khasi Hills (1540), Ri Bhoi (166), West Garo Hills (390), West Jaintia Hills (69). They have those who are sick, but they are still sick.
For example, the Indian Registration Act 1908 does not recognize the Hima Khasi States, or the Indian Citizenship Act 1955, which severely affects the rights of citizenship.
Out of the 14 cases tested positive for COVID-19 in West Jaintia Hills District today, Dr War said that 13 cases have been in close contact with those who have been infected. He is a policeman in Khasi Hills and works in the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
He said that there has never been a bloodless protest in history. According to him, a bloodless protest will not work unless the oppressors have the spirit of peace.
The leaders of the union urged the government to find ways and means to improve the Shillong-Jowai road as there are too many vehicles passing through this road especially trucks and the road is narrow. beyond.
The President urged the country's science and technology institutions to encourage research to transform India into a leader in technological innovations, which will bring about improvement in society.
At present, there are 14,000 employees working in the corporation across the state.
St. Margaret Higher Secondary School, Shillong came second through Jyotipriya Bhattacharjee (570 marks).
The Customs (Preventive) North Eastern Region Office (NRA) has burnt down drugs seized in Assam, Manipur, Meghalaya and Mizoram. The drugs seized include 12.48 kilograms of heroin, 45.27 kilograms of Meth/Yaba, 5804.78 kilograms of Kynja and 66,728 billion bottles of codeine worth T.167.47 crore.
Donald said that the reason why the KSU has taken up other issues affecting the Jaidbynriew besides the issue of education is on the grounds that as the youth of the Jaidbynriew it is their duty. to take action on matters affecting the life and death of the Jaidbynriew.
Former State Minister Manas Chaudhuri has resigned from the Congress party in a letter sent to MPCC President DD Lapang on the 4th of this month.
Shillong, November 14: The opening ceremony of the Umling entry and exit point in Ri Bhoi District will be inaugurated by the Chief Minister, Bah Prestone Tynsong at 11.00 am. first to be implemented in the state.
In Shillong, the capital of the state, only 20% of people reach their workplaces.
Shillong, July 17: The Chief Electoral Commissioner (CEO) of Meghalaya today launched the Voter List of Meghalaya as of 1.1.2 long at the DC office of East Khasi Hills District.
On the other hand, the KSU on this issue urges the Minister to fight hard to complete the construction of the college as soon as possible so that it will be of great benefit to the students of the state especially those who come. from poorer families and those who cannot afford to send them to study abroad.
It is through good roads that we can improve the income and development of the people of Ri Bhoi who are facing many problems.
Teachers have to walk for 1 hour to 10 hours to reach the school.
He said that the government's introduction of Lower Primary Schools in the morning in the rural areas has affected the culture in terms of jobs in the rural areas such as agriculture, agriculture and others. Employment in the rural areas has affected the number of children dropping out of school.
The celebration was held in accordance with the guidelines laid down by the Ministry of AYUSH, Union Government in the presence of Dr.BDR Tiwari who opened the celebration. Manash Choudhury, former Minister and District Youth Coordinator.
Some said they wanted to get assistance from the government to go to school.
Shillong, Lber 06: The KSU Moodymmai Unit under the leadership of Samla Binos Syngkon President in the presence of its members on from the night school in Moodymmai.
The DDMA has sent people to rescue the victims.
The National Technical Advisory Group on Immunization (NTAGI) has recommended that women who are not pregnant be vaccinated.
It was really nice to see and walk through these bridges.
He said that if trade to Bangladesh is allowed, many people will come from all over the country, but as it is now, it is not enough because even in those places where there are trade routes, there are still many difficulties.
The Minister also congratulated the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, the Government of Meghalaya and Terumo Blood and Cell Technologies for their leadership in such a lifesaving campaign.
In recent years, many oppositions have been heard to the railway on the grounds that the arrival of the railway will increase the influx.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Dkhar said the order was issued by his office and the reason is the shortage of Measles Rubella vaccine.
The Union has put forward three demands before the Government including the demand for salary increase, the issue that ASHAs do not have to pay any salary if they are sick or injured. Another important issue is the dismissal of ASHAs. Speaking to media after a meeting with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Meghalaya Asha Workers Unions Soni Kharjana said that the Union was not satisfied with the meeting with the Minister because she could not give a satisfactory answer.
Buses from Assam and Shillong stop at this place which is beautiful because of the cleanliness of this place and the construction of this bus stop is very beautiful. in which you can see the valleys of the city of Tura.
Speaking to media, the President of Ride to Serve, Bah K.Nongkynrih, said, “We don't feel anything about the illegal counting because we are not children who steal from home and here and there. our own body and we live on it with our own hands and feet.
Shillong, Naiwieng 25: The Save Hynniewtrep Mission (Save Hynniewtrep Mission) will hold a memorial service for Conrad Sangma, CM of Meghalaya. Himanta Biswa Sarma, CM of Assam and Amit Shah, Minister of Home Affairs, Government of India, in Shillong tomorrow at 2 pm.
VPP President Ardent said that even the experts who counted the elections failed in their prediction that the VPP would win 0-1 but it won four and was allowed to vote. I'm going to Mylliem.
Shillong, July 16: The President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Youth Congress (MYC) Congress, Adrian C Chyne, today said that the NPP-led MDA government has failed to mention the previous government. wrong when they take over the government they should take responsibility.
Shillong, July 07: The District Session Judge today ordered the remand of Bah Julisu Dorphang, MLA of Mawhati for three days. which is known as “Police Custody”.
Government agencies, sports bodies and businesses should join hands to recognize and support our talented athletes and provide them with training at par with other countries in the world so that that they would be successful in Tokyo.
The government has so far constructed 46 quail centers in 21 Block and 10 Districts at a cost of T.14.06 crore, out of which 34 have been completed and 12 are pending. The government has already allocated T.10 lakh for one cooperative group and all 46 groups have already received it.
With his sympathy, Bah Lamphrang Blah expressed in the House that he has many shortcomings and that he has no problems to face and that they should give their opinions on many issues.
To curb this illegal activity, the government has enacted Section 21(4) and according to this rule, those who commit such offenses can be imprisoned for five years and fined five lakh tyngka. In addition, the government has set up a number to inform if anyone has done something wrong.
Therefore, the union urges the heads of districts (West & East) to take action to monitor the robbers so that they will not be able to cause trouble during these Christmas holidays. Christians conclude their statement.
In terms of peace and order, the state has improved except for theft in some areas.
Before the independence of the state in 1972, the ILP was fully in force in the United Khasi Jaintia Hills District of Assam.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur 6: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) under the leadership of Samla Jiedskhem Nongsiej, General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday met with the General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC). I.Laloo, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District to remind on the issues that the party has often spoken to the district authorities and those are the District Task Force to curb foreigners especially in the border area. and also on the Work Permit for foreign workers in the District.
At the same time, Prestone expressed his gratitude to the people of the state, from churches, Dorbar Shnongs, civil society organizations and all those who have been willing to cooperate in these days with the government. They also urged them to continue to provide this cooperation in the fight against the terrible pandemic of COVID-19 which has affected the whole world.
Shillong, March 07: The Madanrting Presbyterian Higher Secondary School (MPHS) today honored two students who passed well in the 2016 Mathematics Examination.
Shillong, Lber 30: U Bah Apbor Nongrum, President of the Hynniewtrep People's Federation (HPF) Ri Bhoi District, on Tuesday congratulated Bah Sadon K Blah on his appointment as the Ksiang of the HNLC. to negotiate peace with the government.
Therefore, we cannot afford the silver coins that the State Government offers us and the money cannot fill or sustain us like the Umngot River sustains our lives from generation to generation.
The union has given 24 hours to the DC of East Jaintia Hills District to explain the letter written by the Member Secretary dated March 3, 2020 to the MoEF&CC and the DC of East Jaintia Hills District. and in this letter it is written that you have not held a Public Hearing.
On my part, I have had the opportunity to meet and inform the Executive Engineer (EE) as well as the SDO in charge of the area through the Public Health Engineering (PHE) Department of the State Government. and the problem faced by the residents especially in relation to the current Tlang season which can affect the poor families.
On the part of the journalists, they expressed their gratitude to MEPA for their assistance and at the same time expressed the need for a closer relationship between the journalists and journalists.
For now, let's call this morning curfew.
Speaking to reporters at the office of the National People's Party (NPP), in the presence of Meghalaya State Unit President Dr W Kharlukhi and two MLAs of the party, Conrad said that the The election has ended and now it is time to work for the development of the state.
The investigation was conducted by ASI W.Vaichei.
While the President / Rangbah Kur, Rangbah Shnong, Village Headman, Minister, Syiem, Priest, Raid, Raid Dorbar, Syiem, Priest, Sirdar, Hima Dorbar – they have only one Dorbar. jait), Dorbar Shnong (all residents of the village), Dorbar Raid (all the residents of the raid) and Dorbar Hima (all the children of the thousands) the Constitution Of India.
Shillong, July 30: The Meghalaya Government today issued an order to remove Bah Paul Lyngdoh from the post of Chairman of the Meghalaya Infrastructure Development Committee (MIDC).
Police water trucks filled the tank after the ceremony by throwing the idols into the Myntdu River. They were taken to the back of the river and thrown back into the water tank. These statues will be removed by releasing the water into a specially dug well and the waste will be disposed of in the municipal garbage dump.
In his speech, the candidate, Bah Highlander Kharmalki, appealed to the people to support him to win this election. He promised to work for the constituency. Your journey to a party will be that that party is better than the one you are in now.
She said she had never thought of winning the title of Miss Global International Ambassador in the second category to beat other young women from other countries who took part in the pageant.
This order will include the directive issued by the Chief Executive Officer, Shillong Municipal Board regarding the operation of SSPTS-Maxi Cabs pursuant to letter No.SMB/PW/121/2013-14/230-3 to be published on January 30, 2023.
The robbers fled the scene and the owners of the petrol pump lodged a complaint with the Diengpasoh Police Station. still going.
The President of the Mahila Morcha, BJP Meghalaya Pradesh, Kong Susuki Parïat, has expressed her regret over the failure of the State Government to include the Jaintia Language in the State Anthem. The 52nd Anniversary of Meghalaya's Independence was celebrated at Tura, West Garo Hills District.
The Government authorities should take action to punish those who violate the Indian Forest Act, 1927, the Wildlife (Protection) Act, 1972, The Water. (Prevention and control of pollution) Act, 1974, The Air (Prevention and control of pollution) Act, 1981 , The Factories (Pollution and Pesticides) Act, 1948 and other regulations.
While monkeys have become symbols of forestry activities, cheetahs will be the same for plain, grass-growing forest areas.
The party urges the paradoh parasnam to wait and wait for the decision of the NESO which will join hands with the KSU when it announces more strong protests.
South Garo Hills Police have arrested Sengchang Momin and Solly Sangma from the bank. Their account was found to have T.28 lakh in Tura.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 323, with 76 cases from West Garo Hills and 68 cases from East Khasi Hills. everything.
The meeting also decided to appoint Nangteibor Kharjana as the Working President of the group.
Another issue is the amendment to the Meghalaya Building by Laws 2022, regarding the construction of buildings, there have been some amendments and the Cabinet has discussed in more detail this as it is longer.
UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh, who is also the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, said that the party has not said anything about the elections. It is a new district and it is not good to talk just to get votes.
The use of sound equipment is prohibited between 10:00 pm and 6:00 pm.
As a pyrsa, I feel lost without knowing exactly what is difficult.
The meeting was held at Lamavilla Community Hall.
It is because of his request that every year, a new record has been set in the sale of Khadi and Village Industries products on Gandhi Jayanti, which shows that people have a special relationship with the traditional clothes of Khadi and Village Industries. India is the Khadi country.
At this meeting, the KSU was very sorry to hear from the SDO of MeECL in charge of Mawkyrwat area that three months have passed and the broken transformer has not been repaired.
Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, Prestone said the Cabinet has discussed the issue thoroughly and the Prime Minister will leave for Delhi tomorrow morning to discuss the issue. After that, a speech will be given in the Legislative Assembly of the State to clarify the ban on coal mining in the State.
This money is to be spent for the retraining of those youth who have already trained themselves in many fields. 60 lakh youth will be those who have already been trained but need more training. and 40 lakh for those who have learned the skills but have not yet received training according to the needs.
Therefore, the HNPF urges the government and the DTO office to punish such a person who is willing to write so much besides Wanris who is a law enforcement officer.
Other government ministers who were present included Prestone Tynsong, Chief Minister AL Hek, Comingone Ymbon, James K Sangma and Kyrmen Shylla.
Outsiders shall not be allowed to attend the public election campaign of any candidate in any village except those of his followers who have accompanied him in these 15 vehicles. small and the villagers of the village where the candidate is going to conduct the public election campaign.
In honor of this great day, the Seiñ has also organized competitions, essay writing, draw competition and others.
Shillong, March 01: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Shillong (U Rangbah Shnong) Shillong today met to discuss the issue of peace and order in Shillong which has arisen from the demand for the implementation of the ILP by the Rangbah Shnongs of Shillong. There is no such thing as a state.
The Dorbar Shnong is ready to cooperate with the law enforcement authorities in any way in the fight against crime and other evil deeds in the society,” he said. said Bah Satly Ryngkhlem, Rangbah Shnong.
The three constituencies without daloi are Rymbai, Nongjngi and Satpator.
The KSU Bengaluru Unit welcomes the attention of the Meghalaya government to set up a Meghalaya House in Bengaluru as the Khasi community has a large population in Bengaluru.
He said that although the state was gained without bloodshed, this bloodshed has now begun to disappear.
According to police, they first arrested Sakharia and Bah Pholdenstar from a bus from Jakrem village and recovered a pla from them. On the basis of the confession of these two persons, police have arrested Pynshailang and Phrenklinwell from Nonglang village. of South West Khasi Hills District.
– a tool for cutting wood like a knife with a knife,– a tool for measuring the wood without pashli right and left from the rynñieng and without rashing right and left from the bottom,– a tool the sword, the knife, the knife, the knife, the knife, the knife, the knife, the sword, the knife, the knife, the knife, the knife, and the door.
Shillong, November 21: The Dimchrang Festival 2018 was held at Ampati in South West Garo Hills District on Friday. in collaboration with the Ampati Art and Culture Society.
Section 144 CrPC has also been enacted on 11th November, 2023 to prohibit the movement of the public or any group within a distance of 1 kilometer from the site of illegal coal mining factories. .
From Silchar railway station, police arrested Mongfru Mog, 19, who was dressed in military uniform.
“We have already applied to the Drug Controller General of India (DCGI) to exempt us from some of the rules related to blood donation,” said SCTIMST director Dr Asha Kishore.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 295, with 107 cases from West Khasi Hills and 92 cases from East Khasi Hills.
Therefore, it is important to have information sharing to the rural areas of the country," he added.
Shillong, March 21: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) today marked the 34th death anniversary of Paiem Wickliffe Syiem. .
He said groups like the WHO have praised the progress of the Swachh Bharat Mission.
The letter sent to the MPCC that the AICC has approved these three candidates to contest the mid-term elections has been approved by AICC President Sonia Gandhi. The letter was signed by Mukul Wasnik, General Secretary of the Central Election Committee.
Shillong, Nailur 11: The BSF has written to the Meghalaya Electricity Corporation Limited (MeECL) to provide light to all those places where flood lights have already been installed on the border. and Bangladesh, which has been in existence for a long time.
This award is for the excellence of these young people in many fields.
In Maharashtra’s recent Budget 2023: the State Government has slashed VAT on Jet fuel to 18%, of which India’s largest city – Delhi is one of only a few states that still collect taxes of up to 25% for jet fuel.
He congratulated the Chief Ministers and officers of both the States on behalf of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi and the Central Government.
Besides the Governor, others who attended the function were the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Roshan Warjri, Chief Secretary, KS Kropha and religious leaders from various churches. on this day.
The new Integrated Terminal Building at Agartala Airport has been completed at a cost of T.438.28 crore.
“The Auxiliary Bishop of Aizawl, Most Rev. Joachim Walder, translating the Word of God into English, said, “As God has given us food to build the body, so He has given us the Eucharist. that it may be spiritual food that whoever hungers and thirsts may find full life if he turns to Jesus in the Holy Eucharist.
The HYC Central Body Sports Cell has launched the tournament from 20th June, 2024 which was closed on Saturday at Malki Stadium, Shillong.
In his speech, the Chief Minister said that this is important because it will help to get to know each other and it will help the children to understand the lives of others and to become the spokespersons for the country. love for man.
Tura, November 02: Three militants of the United Achick Liberation Army (UALA) today surrendered to the police in Williamnagar, East Garo Hills.
“The members have been asked to meet again within a day or two to sit down and take a decision on the RDA candidate,” he said.
Under this, Health and Wellness Centers are being opened in villages and towns where various diseases can be diagnosed quickly.
Dkhar in her complaint alleged that the Rangbah Shnong had warned her after receiving an RTI on October 25 from the office of BDO Thadlaskein on the IAY scheme, which she had demanded according to her rights as a resident. of India.
When the Election Committee met to examine the nomination papers, it was found that Lambokstarwell Marngar had filed his nomination papers for the post of President. The organization is for the term of office 2023-2
The MPCC President said he doesn't expect them to win anymore, 80% of the candidates from Garo Hills and four from Khasi Hills. The Congress is still in the party.
When questioned by the BSF, Tanay Marak, Nirupi Sangma and Milition Sangma said that they were led by Gopal Marak and Piliban Sangma. They were invited to come to India to mine coal.
In 2014, Jeffrey Fowle, an American tourist in North Korea, was arrested and imprisoned for five months for forgetting his Bible in the bathroom of a Chongjin restaurant. Sailor's Club.
The day was enriched by songs and dances by prominent figures in the field of music.
Shillong, Naitung 31: The District Administration of East Khasi Hills District has imposed Section 144 CRPC a day before the NGT hearing tomorrow morning in Shillong regarding the ban on coal mining.
However, until now, the Government has been silent on the upgradation of Mawryngkneng C&RD Block to Civil Sub Division where the number of villages has reached 64 villages and the population ) according to the 2011 census has reached 67,291 , 33,396 males and 33,895 females but the Government has remained silent and these three MLAs have not said a word regarding this issue what the people need.
“We have demanded that the marks of all be released before the walk-in-interview,” the union demanded.
The Shillong Bar Association (SBA) outside the DC Office has suddenly caught fire on Saturday at 10:30 pm. and the flame of the fire was very terrible.
Doctors said that Kong Bindas Syiem refused to go to the hospital even after they found that her body was very weak.
There have been 801 recoveries today, bringing the total number of recoveries in the state to 31781 so far.
Shillong, Nailur 12: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Titosstarwell Chyne today convened a meeting of all the MDCs of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
During the programme, the youth of the area were explained how to know the schemes of various government departments and how to attend various training programs conducted by the government especially in the field of and how to stand on their own feet and to be able to do their own jobs.
On the other hand, the companies operating at Shillong Airport said that they have issued Labor Licenses and allowed the members of HITO to visit one of the workplaces at the airport. place.
During the meeting, the CEM also informed the GSU leaders that the Executive Committee has decided to introduce a Bill in the House. The session will start on the 23rd of this month and the bill will be introduced on the first day of the session, said the CEM. The GSU has canceled all its protest programs especially the public meeting announced to be held in Tura.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the Chief Executive Members, it was decided to send a letter to the government demanding that the government should amend the government announcement or issue another announcement. as if they had given their minds.
“Upon receiving information about this, I myself took the initiative to telephone the officers and directed the Commissioner and Secretary to talk to them (Mazdoor Union).
Meanwhile, Hilarius Lyngshing, 23, son of Samuel Mukhin, lodged a complaint with Mawlasnai Police Station on the 14th night that their father had gone missing while returning from Madan. Umwang returned to his village in Jatalong on the 15th night, on the part of his son who suspected that his father had been killed by unknown persons.
At present, many of the citizens of India do not want to see this sentence for the perpetrators of crimes by sdien phasi, even if they have committed crimes after the sentence should be punished. set the shirts of life in prison.
On the first day, the Mawbynna was welcomed and on the second day, the Mawbynna were erected under the leadership of Rangbah Tores Sunn in the presence of party leaders.
It is learned that the university has already talked to the people in Shillong if the enrollment of more than 200 students will have to take houses.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: Two gold medals were won in the men's cycling event of the 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022 held at Malki Forest today.
On the part of the Principal of the College, Bah Boldness Lyngdoh Nongum, together with the students of the College, they welcomed him and blessed him. to the College but to the country and the state as a whole.
The second phase of vaccination of all those at risk such as health care workers, COVID-19 workers and people over 45 years of age will be important, for which information about the procedure.
U Bah Lakhon Kma, who filed his nomination papers as an independent candidate, was accompanied by his supporters who were present at the filing of nomination papers. you candidate.
At 4 pm, Prime Minister Narendra Modiun addressed the AmritKalashYatri and the country, and paid tribute to the heroes who sacrificed their lives for the country.
Shillong, Nailar 24: The Union of Teachers (JACATAM) has announced that it will suspend its strike and teachers from the 26th of this month will start teaching again as usual. This was announced by the Chairman of the party, Bah ED Nongsiang.
“Various political parties in the state, even today, are demanding from the state government to pass strict laws to curb the illegal entry of foreigners into the state. The MDA government, which the people expect to work properly for the welfare of the people, is now in danger. “The indigenous people, now, as soon as they take over the rule in the state, they are looking forward to the welfare of the people of Bangladesh,” said Bah Dkhar.
Shillong, Lber 31: The People's Democratic Front (PDF) has registered with the Election Commission of India on the 15th of this month. It shall be recognized by the Election Commission of the country as a “Registered Unrecognized Political Party”.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, A.Upadhyay IAS today issued an order to close all schools in Ri Bhoi District due to the strong wind. REAL”.
Samlin said that talks have been held with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, to create a mechanism to bring about a wish of the 24 Rangbah Shnongs to establish a bank. ) in the village of Weylyngkut.
In his opening remarks, the Chief of Army Staff of India stressed that they should be ready to take any part in the defense of the country's security. .
Speaking at the public meeting, she said that she had lodged a complaint with the police on the 4th of this month after receiving information that the Sordar Shnong wanted her to leave. to resolve this incident which has affected the community.
Urging the Shnongs to cooperate in the implementation of these schemes without any hesitation, the MDC said, “This scheme is not a private scheme for anyone but for development works. in the villages of Thaw.
Speaking before launching the Ambulance, Wankit said that the Ambulance will provide services to the poor and needy.
Cybersecurity is important to all countries in the world because the digital economy is an ever-growing sector of global economic and financial development.
The tournament will be held only on the market day which is once a day.
Speaking at a public meeting held in Jirang, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma said the implementation of the Block to Block Program is to understand the implementation of government schemes and to understand the actions faced and this is to get accurate information from the public.
Meghalaya has 60 MLAs and MPs, two in the Lok Sabha and one in the Rajya Sabha.
Raju said that in the past three months he has been in the city and has lived a comfortable life and has withdrawn money from ATMs. and his wife and two children.
Shillong, Naitung 10: A meeting of the Village Officers of the Villages affected by MUDA including Mawlai, Pynthorumkhrah, Nongmynsong, Mawpat Umpling, Nongthymmai, Nongkseh, Umlyngka and Lawsohtun was held today. 2016 has been discussed on the information issued through the media by the Secretary, Meghalaya Urban Development Authority regarding the Scheme for the construction and improvement of houses worth Rs.6 lakh at a cost of Rs.6 lakh. 6.5% and 1.5 lakh tyngka through PMAY. The issue of MUDA demarcation is an issue on which the Union of Village Authorities of Bri Hynniew Trep has opposed the inclusion of these villages under MUDA. and that till now the Government has not done anything according to the discussion with the Union on 10/02/2
The initiative of the Ministry of External Affairs is expected to benefit passport applicants who cannot apply for their passports at PSK/POPSK near their residences.
Shillong, Nailur 20: U Lt Gen DS Ahuja today visited the Assam Regimental Center and talked to 76 children from North East. The Boys Sports Company, which was recently established by the Assam Riffle, was inaugurated on the 15th of this month.
On the other hand, the residents of the village have expressed their gratitude to the BSF troops who have been providing assistance to the residents from time to time. the closeness between the BSF troops and the residents on the border.
The school has 7 OPDs in Ayurveda and 5 OPDs in Homeopathy.
KSU Unit Delhi President Marbiang Khongwir and Joffy Mathew Tangong said in a statement sent today.
“Therefore, all members of MCTA are hereby informed that from 1st July, 2023, until further notice, all members should boycott the classes of the First Semester.
“We have taken action regarding the border issues before the elections.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on the issue of including the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India, said this before the President of India. who came to participate in the celebration of the 61st Bodo Language Commemoration.
NEHHDC is working with technology partners in this project through IOT (Internet of Things) devices in garment factories to provide QR codes and this will help to track the source of garments, and will also empowering consumers through providing information on where these clothes come from.
This was stated by Bah Eldie N Lyngdoh in a statement sent today.
The children were rescued by the residents from the house of Ningring D Sangma and taken to a safe place and handed over to the police.
Shillong, Naitung 15 : The Riti Academy and Media Plus has been awarded the Award for the Best Stars of the State at the Soso Tham Auditorium, State Central Library, Shillong on 15th November. , 2023, including five stars from Assam.
New Delhi, Narendra Modi today inaugurated the 600 MW Kameng Hydro Power Station at Donyi Polo Airport, Itanagarbad.
Shillong, Lber 28: U Bah Roni V Lyngdoh MDC of Mylliem, while taking part in the discussion on the demand to reduce the allocation of funds to the General Administration Department, said that many villages do not hold the General Administration. Dorbar Shnong has been in existence for many years.
On the other hand, the BSF troops were led by Patel Piyush Purusottam Das, Inspector General BSF Tripura Frontier along with 12 BSF members from Meghalaya, Silchar and Tripura Frontiers and officials of the Ministry of Home Affairs. On the closing day of the meeting, a Joint Record of Discussion will be signed by the leaders of these two armed forces.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today handed over the documents to the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) to start the registration process for the 2022 National Games. Meghalaya was held as part of the 50th Anniversary of Independence.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE) today released the results of the 2013 Science Examination. there are more women than men.
Besides conducting more NET examinations for students, NEHU is preparing to build two more computer centers to accommodate up to 250 students to write the examination at the same time. These two computer centers can accommodate 450 students at the same time.
Shillong, March 31: Four persons have been admitted to hospital till Tuesday evening, said Bah Roipar Kharraswawai, President of the Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union (MEMRIWU).
Shillong, March 17: The Khasi Students' Union (EJHDU) through its Education Cell today sent a letter to the Regional Director of the National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS).
Khuba said steps will be taken to resolve these issues.
This is because the people of the Indian subcontinent do not want unity with the people of the North East.
It was on this day that the Khasi Seng was founded.
“In South India, there are more than 130 MPs and this time, the Congress will get more seats (from the South).
There is one doctor, one nurse, one office worker and one Master Roll to look after the 80 goats. blang who are in this government farm.
They also discussed ways to understand how to recover investments in tourism and other activities.
Shillong, Nailur 12: The Hynniewtrep Cultural & Welfare Organization (HCC) has welcomed about 20 groups of participants in the Khasi Song and Dance Competition 'Sur Tynrai' from different parts of the country. video recording on the 7th of November, 2019 at the Community Hall, Wahingdoh.
“Peace talks aim to find a solution through dialogue and cooperation.
The office did not specify within which date they have to submit their names to the offices in the districts . In a statement sent by the office , it said to expedite the submission of their names to the names.
The destruction and intimidation of church schools and the persecution of church missionaries is like a persecution of Christians.
Shillong, Nailur 09: The Director of Health Services (DHS) today said that 121 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 30 in Ri Bhoi, 4 in South Garo Hills and 4 in West Garo Hills. Twenty-five cases from Garo Hills, one case from West Khasi Hills and 59 cases from East Jaintia Hills.
If you listen and understand this will be a good thing by bringing happiness to the people and also peace of mind to many who need it and to reduce the traffic jam on the roads which has been caused every day through different places. of Shillong and also to this day in Lower Lachumiere.
Police have charged him under the Prevention Corruption Act
Dr Mukul Sangma said the committee will look into the places where people enter and leave the area and whether to install gates. it shall be done at the gates.
Shah said that if the water source is not clean, people will not be healthy. That is why Modi has set a target to provide clean drinking water to every household in the state. Meghalaya and the country before the 75th anniversary of independence and 50th anniversary of Meghalaya's independence.
Prestone said the MHA has allowed the state government to improve the MRSSA before it is fully implemented in the state.
Speaking at a conference on India-Myanmar Trade and Connectivity organized by the Indian Council today, Dr Jitendra Singh said that Myanmar is one of the most important relations between the two countries. of the Act East policy of the country, as through the border areas it connects India through the North Eastern states and South East Asian countries.
Shah said that whether it is the fight against insurgents, the prevention of illegal activities, the maintenance of order in the community, the protection of people during natural disasters and disasters, or in times of crisis such as the Corona pandemic, the police have shown their hard work in all these activities.
Therefore, we urge the people of Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills to come forward against this unfounded allegation by MB Rymbai Ex-CEM and Esterwis Ryngkhlem against the JYF leader, and especially those who have been used. JYF War Jaintia Region General Secretary Bah Ialam G Syngkrem concluded the statement.
The Integrated Check Post (ICP) will be constructed by the Land Port Authority of India and covers an area of ​​22 acres. This will help in the movement of the people and will also help in the employment opportunities for the youth of the state and the region.
The stadium was packed with spectators and people waited for more than an hour before the start of the match even in the heat of the day. The MFA has also installed screens. Therefore, those who are not able to attend the ceremony will be able to attend the ceremony.
On the other hand, former Sordar Bah Dlet Nongdhar promised to personally revoke the EPIC of Pappu Das by lodging a complaint with the Office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Iaiong 21: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) today said that the 15 percent increase in electricity tariff by the MSERC is sufficient and will not affect the consumers. the annual increase must be carefully reviewed and studied.
He said that it is important to have a relationship between nature and culture to go back to our own new to know the source to introduce in education and in this environmental change in this modern, in health and agriculture to be introduced into education.
It is to be recalled that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya has already said that this meeting with the Chief Minister of Assam is to set a date for the meeting between the two Chief Ministers to discuss the border issue between the two Chief Ministers. these two states.
They said that what is needed is to set up groups for these pesticide-free farming goals as the market is large while the product is still scarce.
Referring to the establishment of the Global Center for Traditional Medicine under the WHO in India, Prime Minister Duh reiterated his call for research in the field of Ayurveda.
The fear of the family members to complain is that the perpetrator of the crime has threatened not to tell anyone.
There are 12 examination centers in Shillong, 5 in Jowai and 9 in Tura.
The villages in the border areas are now experiencing development.
Also present on the occasion were Bah HM Shangpliang, Director and Secretary, Social Welfare Department, Chairman of MSCPRC, M.Kharkongor, Chairperson, Syiem of Nongstoin Hima, EP Syiem, Syiem. and other elders were present on this occasion.
Recreational tourism, agricultural tourism in rural areas and many other places.
Police have recovered T.28,050 cash, two mobile phones and a Scotty number ML05-X-5083 from these suspects. who were arrested by the police.
After the meeting, JAC Chairman Prof Lakhon Kma said, “We have decided to temporarily suspend the strike and from tomorrow classes will resume as usual, teachers will return to their rooms. classes and employees will return to the offices.
Shillong, Naitung 04: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Bah PS Dkhar has called a meeting to resolve the issue of the Mawlai Community Rural Development Block which has not been opened yet. now.
After the strike, vehicles carrying only 15 metric tonnes will be allowed to travel during these days. After the fifth day, from 7.00 pm, vehicles carrying 15 metric tonnes will be allowed to travel. walk across the bridge.
On this occasion, the Governor of Meghalaya also paid tribute to the great man of the country Subhas Chandra Bose by laying flowers in front of the portrait of the great man in the presence of officers of the Raj. Building Shillong.
Lambor Nongrang, who is also a veteran of the Mairang election, said, “.
The incident has shocked the people who live near the place where the truck fell.
This will also apply to the KHADC and JHADC which will not be able to announce new schemes or jobs, if any, until after the election.
The meeting found that the reason for the attacks is the failure of the Meghalaya government to provide full security to the border residents which has encouraged the Assam government, Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council, Karbi rebels and poiei. Nepali to violate and violate the human rights of all Khasi on the border.
This is our goal and to achieve them.
On the other hand, JSU Narpuh Circle and JYF East Jaintia Hills said that they do not want to know about the dispute between the state government through the PWD department and the National Highway Authority of India which has agreed to build this road. 44 since Dec 2013 but they understand that the people should not be Niangknia in the midst of this conflict and the allegations against each other, so the Government itself should take responsibility and should listen to this immediately. the demands of the SRSs and civil society organizations in the area for the welfare and benefit of the people.
The Seng also complained about the lack of science teachers at Rymbai Government Secondary School and the non-implementation of two schools in Byndihati, namely, the Residential School and the Block Teachers Training Institute.
The celebration was organized by the Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR) Shillong in collaboration with the Department of Culture and Heritage. Khasi dance.
If this Bill is passed by the House, the ethnic groups of this region will become minorities in their own states.
However, the governments that came after the government of Bah EK Mawlong did not follow suit.
“We urge the Government to take action to prevent such incidents from happening again.
We send our condolences to all our fellow countrymen who were on that train and wish you a healthy body.
In this regard, the Minister stressed the need to provide fire protection, clean the fallen leaves and conduct mock drills from time to time with the residents of the area and the people of the Forest Department.
SDO (civil) Bah CVD Diengdoh said the purpose of the Cherrapunjee Festival 2013 is to promote the local products, fruits and vegetables, especially sohniamtra from Mawphu and Nongsteng. traditional food from Khadar Shnong, and one is to promote Sohra as an example where David Scott came to live and many items that have been famous to this day.
Shillong, Lber 03: The Meghalaya Government Lower Primary School Teachers Contractual Association (MSEA) today launched an indefinite strike to demand from the government why it has suspended their work suddenly. after they had been teaching for about shiphew years.
More than 2200 participants from 25 states and 4 Union Territories have participated in the tournament.
During the inspection, Bah Pynshngain led the MDCs including the ruling party and the government to see whether the works are going smoothly. and found that the work has been completed to 95%.
The IG also briefed the ADG on the problems faced by the BSF troops along the Indo-Bangladesh border and also informed about the measures taken by the army to curb robbery on the border.
There are 15 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 12 from East Garo Hills, 1 from West Garo Hills and 1 from West Khasi Hills. The total number of recoveries is
Shangpliang said that the party has chosen this day as the Farmers' Day because it was on the 4th that the first meeting of the 1Meghalaya Farmers Parliament or the The first ever farmers' meeting was held at the State Convention Hall, Pinewood Shillong.
The athletes were welcomed by members of the MSOA and the District Administration of West Garo Hills at ISBT, Tura for the 10-month tournament.
The BSF seized these ships while they were entering parts of India before handing over these smuggled goods to Indian buyers and the price of the motor manufacturer has been seized. The day has reached T.68 lakh.
“So far, those who have nominated candidates for the UDP ticket are retired Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) President Robert June Kharjahrin and Khasi Author Society President Robert June Kharjahrin. Dr. DRL Light.
“Don't lose hope when you lose but don't let the victory come to you,” said Myntri Rangbah Duh.
The NPP has demanded that Dr Mukul Sangma should immediately withdraw the order for government employees to come to work on the 28th and 29th of this month as it is a time of celebration.
Leaders of the BJP, Congress, NPP and other political parties took part in the march to pray for peace in Manipur.
The arrested person was identified as Namphyrnai Lyngdoh Peiñlang, 21, of Peiñlang.
In this expansion of AIR's FM services, 2 crore people in the country who have not participated in this service will be reached.
The leader of the Jaintia Hills Farmers Union, Bah Khroo Parait, said that the government should respond to their demand whether they will grant it or not. to the answer they will stop the strike.
During the meeting, the Governor also urged them to go to Delhi to talk.
“The above statements by the above individual will create a wrong image regarding the activities of the state in front of the country as a whole and will endanger the lives of the citizens of the state who are studying/working. and who live in different parts of the country.
The Old Dhaka Central Jail, which was visited by the Chief Minister today, where the great Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima was imprisoned until his last days, is known as the Old Dhaka Central Jail.
The problem of the people on the border from Mawsynram and Shella area in traveling to and from the area is that there is no road because of the Umiam River. people have to walk whether it is in the rainy season or in the dry season.
“On the days of replacement of bearings, traffic will be suspended and no vehicles will be allowed to pass through for 8 hours.
Likewise, the party will not hold back but will continue to monitor to find those who are still infected and those who know that this is the time to protect themselves from the Corona Virus.
They can communicate with others, think through STEM and understand themselves in all aspects.
This day shall be kept every year.
The Lamphang reminded that the District Council has three parts, the Judiciary, the Executive Committee and the Legislative. In GHADC, where the employees have not received their salaries for 24 months, the JHADC has not received their salaries for more than a year.
New Delhi, July 29: The Union Minister in charge of Food and Civil Supplies on Tuesday said that the Union Government will implement “One Country, One Ration Card”. The media reported today in Delhi.
KSU NKHDU Assistant Education Secretary Samla Toning Lapang, KSU Mawprem Circle President Samla Aris Thabah, Members of KSU Upper Shillong Circle and members of Pomkañiew Unit were also present.
The Dorbar also received a letter of congratulations and encouragement from Dr APJ Abdul Kalam, former President in 2004, from Smt.
The police recruitment has been set up at two venues, one in Tura and one in Shillong, Mawiong.
The letter expressed the desire of the HNLC to reach peace talks with the central government. The MDA government has also started preparations for peace talks under the leadership of the Prime Minister. Chief Minister Cornad K Sangma.
The main objective of the camp was to provide information on how to collect ASI data by the factories and to explain to them about the submission of data through online channels on the ASI platform. provide the NSSO office with clear information to avoid sending incorrect information which may affect the formulation of policies by the Government.
(Paragraph 2 (vii) on pages 54-55 of the Financial Accounts Vol.
Shillong, Naiaiwieng 17: Police have arrested three policemen involved in robbery on the Shillong By-pass near Mawrengkneng village recently.
The union also said that the lack of timely access to textbooks has caused problems to the teachers and students as well and will cause a huge loss which will also lead to a decline in in the education of children in the state.
It is also time for the state government to send the certificates to the MBOSE to check before appointing and Bah Marbaniang said that in this regard they will not charge money like they do for other certificates. or evidence.
In his career as a public leader, he has held many positions, from 2004 to 2006 he served as Minister of Defence, 2006 to 2009 as Minister of Home Affairs, 2009 to 2012 as Minister of Finance.
The Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam have decided to withdraw the Police patrols in the border dispute areas between Meghalaya and Assam.
We need to emulate the brave spirit from such brave freedom fighters.
The Prime Minister said that during the meeting he heard what the RBSU demands from the government, at the same time the government is fighting as much as possible to provide for their needs. The government's plans will be brought forward in the Budget Session next month.
They bought the shynrai with this money.
She has now filed a complaint against Conrad in the Meghalaya High Court before Hon. Mr Justice SR Sen.
The government's announcement to expand the footpaths only in the city and more cities is biased and unfair.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Pynshaiborlang Synjri, Sordar Shnong and speeches were delivered by Bah Kolin Rangtong, Former Sordar of Nongjrong. , VDP Secretary and Shek Mukhim, Secretary Village Council.
Shillong, Lber 18: The Meghalaya Government today issued an order that those who sell overpriced 2 ply and 3 ply surgical masks, N95 masks and hand sanitizers will be punished under the provisions of the “Prevention of Black Marketing and Maintenance of Supplies of Essential Commodities Act, 1980.
Shillong, Naitung 19:The JSU War Jaintia Circle on July 19, 2020 seized goods smuggled from Bangladesh and intended to be smuggled into India.
The Sordar Shnong Breling Mawlieh and some of the Riew Rangbah of the area were also present on the occasion. por while the public needs.
Shillong, June 22: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on 22nd June 2023 has appointed new office bearers of its Bangalore and Mangalore Units in Karnataka.
The Minister of State visited the dam which is 50 years old to inspect the construction of the dam which is 25 to 30 years old.
At the meeting, the MPLU decided to support the JCCCV which has been sent to the Minister of Transport on 6th November
Regarding the letter submitted by the KHADC, the Chief Minister has called for two meetings with the District Council on this issue and explained that the implementation of the CPC and CrPC will not affect the courts. of the District Council.
The meeting was conducted by Ratul Barua, former News Editor, Forest Department, Assam.
“We cannot stop the unemployment because it will affect the age of young people who are looking for jobs in government jobs,” he said. because many of our young people who should be employed and who want to apply for jobs, will be over the age of applying.
: it means a person who is skilled in working with the power of the body.
The Skill Tree Knowledge Concortium is also a way to provide information to the students on how to get the scheme , and also to ensure that the students do not face financial problems if they going to study abroad.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04: Prof. Prabha Shankar Shukla on Tuesday clarified the allegations regarding the implementation of the National Education Policy 2020 and the appointment of an advisor to the North Eastern Hill University. All these were done in accordance with the decisions and provisions of the NEHU Act
The inspection was conducted after receiving many complaints from the residents of the area regarding the dismissal of a Lab-Technician from Laskein.
Police have arrested Jowel Dkhar, 20, of Moolamanoh village and registered a case against him at Lumshnong Police Station.
Shillong, Nailur 23: Various types of food wrapped in plastic have entered Meghalaya, especially in Shillong, from Bangladesh, Myanmar and Bhutan. It is known that plastic bags arrive in Meghalaya from other neighboring countries especially in Shillong.
Police said that if there is any case of rape, the public can call the following numbers which are posted at Jowai Police Station, “which also has a WhatsApp for quick investigation. to the wicked.
The NCC Directorate, North Eastern Region, has celebrated this day in which more than 37,000 NCC cadets have taken part in 254 venues in the North East. He urged all the members of the NCC to take part in Yoga in their daily lives.
The question raised by many of the vendors was whether the vendors in Motphran who fall within the border with the market belong to whom.
Of these, 764 test sites are in Government-run sites and 292 are in private sites.
Many of those involved in the kidnappings are members of the GNLA. The case has been registered at Tura police station under the provisions of the Indian Penal Code.
The Minister of Rural Development said that there are 15 villages in Mawlai which have been recognized as urban areas, out of which 13 villages have already sent a letter to the government requesting this scheme. Those who did not send letters were Nongpdeng Mawlai and Mawdatbaki Mawlai.
The total number of cases in the state is
He said the Government of India, under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, has continued to ensure that the North East grows along with the country as a whole by opening up all the opportunities available to them. diversified employment that will bring a better future and economy to the area.
Ernest Mawrie Sate, President of the BJP, said that the meeting was attended by two MLAs and the National Secretary. The letter will be sent to the Prime Minister on Monday to ask for clarification on the support of the Congress MLAs.
The NPP President has urged the Congress leaders to focus on development rather than how to come back to power. in political activities.
In his speech, Bah RM Shabong, Owner and Editor of Rupang, said that the newspaper was started in 1988 by publishing once a month and then in 1998 it was changed to it to the daily news.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: The District Administration of East Khasi Hills District together with the District Child Protection Unit, have selected four children from the district to be the recipients of 'PM Cares' for the children. children which was opened on 29/52022 to support children.
The registration period will start from 11.00 am to 3.00 pm, the registration will start on 8th March 2021 and the scrutiny of documents will be held on 11th March 2021 at the DRDA hall. .Candidates who wish to withdraw from the contest may do so on or before 13th March 2021, before 3.00 pm.
Not all trucks encounter problems.
In another incident, a truck (AS-01BC-8273) driven by Ronnie Tangsang, 20, collided with a bike (AS-01Y-4 Benedict Mylliem, 29, of 5th Mile, Upper Shillong.
They requested the government to look elsewhere to set aside a place for the disposal of waste from hospitals.
The KSU demands that the government should send police to patrol the areas in Assam. The KSU demands that the government should send police to patrol the areas. to cause more trouble because as an organization we don't want to lead to a tragic incident.
Shillong, July 22: The Achick Youth Welfare Organization (AYWO) today submitted a petition to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma. The first demand is from Garo State.
In this regard, the leaders met with the Branch Manager and demanded that the Aadhar registration should be stopped.
The Rangbah Shnong and the residents of the area have announced that the curfew has been lifted for 72 hours on Saturday morning at 5 pm on the 7th of this month.
According to your opinion.
To encourage women to come forward in this field of education, the Ministry of Human Resource Development has launched UDAAN. take this subject science and mathematics by providing free training to all women and this will select 1000 women from poor households.
The milk processing plant to be built by the government at Mukhla will cost T.9 crore and will generate more than 2000 jobs for the farmers. There is no milk in the state, as at present the state is in the midst of a shortage of Dug.
They also know how to act without love or greed to serve physically and spiritually for the sake of the country and the nation.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong of Jalyiah sent a message of gratitude and congratulations to the Seng even though he was not present on the occasion.
These roads will be funded by the Japanese Investment Corporation Agency (JICA) which has already been approved, such as the NH-62 road connecting Dudnoi in Assam with Baghmara and Dalu. The 195 km road has been funded by JICA and will start soon after completion.
Answering a question, the Minister said that a village electricity committee will be set up to ensure that there will be no light outages.
According to police sources, the mini truck did not have a license plate number and two people were killed in the accident.
Shillong, Nailur 03: The Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmiganathan today opened a one-day seminar on the dignity of human beings in India.
The request that the government should not recognize them as full time employees of the government is because they have been in employment for many years and have been trained to manage the job, because this is a job that does not have a job. There is a need for skilled people to run the Child Line.
“For three months now, we have been protesting against the decision of NHAI and the Meghalaya government to repair the NH 44 but this has not been successful.
“No one has the right to take anyone's life.
Regarding the election of Rangbah Shnong, they said that this should not fall under the State Election Commission, but should be done through the Districts. This will be held on the 26th of this month.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: Leaders of the Sur u Paidbah Ka Bri U Hynniewtrep today met with the farmers of Pynthorumkhrah area to discuss the problem of the farmers who cannot market their vegetables and crops due to the blockade.
This is still going on and they don't take everyone's confidence.
Shillong, July 24: The KHNAM will hold its General Convention on the 28th July at Mawlai Polytechnic from 11:00 am to 04:30 pm.
“It is expected that these trading centers will solve the problems faced by the small traders,” said the GST Commissioner.
Shillong, Nailar 20: The Federation of Khasi, Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Mawprem Circle has sought clarification from the office of the DC East Khasi Hills Shillong regarding the containment zone in Mawprem area.
At the same time, he said that all the leaders from the members of the Federation of Khasi State, Bah JJN Nichols Roy, etc. have fought their part in this regard to protect the country. to the nation according to their understanding according to the passage of time.
The Government will soon release T.170 crore to start the construction at Mawdiangdiang.
The Cigarettes and Other Tobacco Products Act, 2003 or COTPA, 2003 prohibits smoking in public places.
Also, addressing the Education Minister of the Government of India, Shri. Dharmendra Pradhan, he said that students should not be forced to have Aadhaar and should not lose any benefits that they should receive as school children.
Every day was fought with different laws.
The Prime Minister said that people practice Yoga at home with their families adding that Yoga brings us all closer together.
The arrested were a Bangladeshi and three Indians. The BSF also seized a Bolero Pick-Up carrying shino. inside the car.
These 10 traders were released by the police in the morning at Gasuapara and they are now inside the Gasuapara Police Out post.
Shillong, Nailar 12: Police in East Khasi Hills District on Tuesday morning seized 80 boxes of soap containing drugs. Heroin was smuggled into the bus from Manipur.
DHEO, East Khasi Hills, Kong O Summer in her speech, explained about traditional food for body building, mental development and the fight against anemia.
He has not been involved with the party for less than 20 years and has lost contact with the party since he was in jail in Bangladesh.
Speaking to reporters, Michael said that the BP ticket for 2018 was announced on 20th June 2018 and the election was held on 27th June 2018 and the election date was announced on 27th June
Shillong, June 24: The Union of Rangbah Kurs of Meghalaya (SRKBH) today donated a check to the Meghalaya Chief Minister Relief Fund by handing over a check to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma. The President is Mr. Herman Nongrum.
A total of 16 officers, including the ADCs of the districts, have been dismissed.
The NPP BEC candidate Ransom Sutnga, Teibor Pathaw, Rocky Hek, Nongthymmai candidate Jasmine Lyngdoh and office bearers of the National People's Youth Front (NPP) were also present at the ceremony. NPYF) and NPP Women’s Wing.
The closure will also be within the Amlarem Civil Sub Division.
With the availability of this facility, trainings such as writing, music, acting, television production and many other trainings can be provided and this will be of benefit to the youth of this state. and it shall be one of the places of entertainment of the world.
Pynshngian said the withdrawal of the Administrator Rule shows that there is no sufficient basis to introduce the AR in KHADC. and the complainant, Bah Latiplang, won the case.
A drama performance on the environment and how to farm along with the song phawer and Sur Tynrai was performed by the Seng Samla Manad.
Shillong, Nailar 15: The Khasi Jaintia Christian Leaders Forum (KJCLF) today held a special prayer on the occasion of the 75th Anniversary of India's Independence. , which was attended by all the leaders of various Christian denominations which was held at KJP Assembly Chapel in Police Bazar.
Adelbert Nongrum wrote to the ECI on 14-9-2018 that he held the General Council of the party at his residence on 6th July 2018 and misled the ECI by saying that he had no membership in the party except himself.
Sanitizers are not available even in Shillong, antibiotics are not available from pharmacies in Shillong.
The Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) has announced that it will hold the 5th Olympic Day 10k Run on July 22,
According to the people of the constituency, these three candidates are well known to the people, Bah Sniawbhlang as the incumbent MLA, Bah Draison Kharshiing as the incumbent MLA. former MLA of Nartiang and Bah Jopthiaw as an IAS officer.
Jowai, Lber 11: Police in East Jaintia Hills on the 10th and 11th of this month have arrested 23 illegal coal trucks in the district, according to the police. in East China Hills.
Bah Dohtdong, president of the Samla Shnong, said that these houses have become a hiding place for criminals.
Through the newly launched Startup-20 Engagement Group, India aims to assist the world in developing mechanisms to support innovative startups through the collaboration of G20 countries.
The Vatican Council declares that the Eucharist is the source of the Christian life.
Speaking to reporters at his residence in the presence of Bah M Rapsang MLA Mawprem and Bah D Pyngrope MLA Sohryngkham, he said it has become clear that the government has The BJP has issued a notice to ban the slaughter of cows on the day of Barkid.
Shillong, November 19: The Border Security Force (BSF) on Tuesday night received a tip that some people have smuggled cattle into the Bangladesh border in parts of West Jaintia Hills District. They quickly closed the door and seized 37 cows.
Dr. Atanu Saha, Director, North-East Council discussed the technologies introduced by CSIR-CMERI and the opportunities to implement them in Meghalaya in collaboration with various state governments of the North East. .
The Chief Minister said that the government has not taken light from the NTPC anymore. talking to the Ministry of Electricity of the Central Government.
“The negligence and negligence of the MeECL department especially the lack of time to repair and inspect the Post Lights, is the cause of this tragic incident today in Umsalait,” said the KSU leaders. .“Many times we see that in the rural areas the electricity department is very stingy especially to repair the post lights and we also see that many post lights have almost collapsed due to the lack of property from the owner of the post lights. “It is also necessary to repair, but when we go to the authorities, they don't listen to us,” said the KSU leaders in these areas.
Tens of thousands of people who fought for independence dreamed of a free and prosperous India where society is inclusive and where there is equality of opportunity. document.
Shillong, Lber 29: Police have started searching vehicles around the 1-Shillong Parliamentary Constituency to prevent money laundering during the MP elections to be held on the 11th of this month. June to come.
Shillong, Lber 13: The Congress party, which has 20 MLAs in the opposition, may not nominate a candidate for the Deputy Speaker elections.
On the same day, police also arrested Gary Rinaldy Mawlieh, Mawlai Mawroh Kseh for the abduction of a foreign mystery worker by unidentified robbers until he died at NEIGRIHMS. Hospital.
In Delhi, the Ayush Department has collaborated with the NDMC, ASI and DDA Delhi Development Authority to hold public yoga programs on 21st July
The meeting was attended by Minister D. Lamare, MDC Victor Ranee and other elders of Jirang constituency who attended the meeting in the presence of their MLA Sohtun.
Speaking to media, the Minister said that 200 beds will be set up at the Civil Hospital Shillong and 100 beds at the Civil Hospital in Tura.
The JSU has already lodged a complaint with MeECL and the DC of West Jaintia Hills since August
At present, Meghalaya has to implement the Acts of the Government of India such as (i) MMDR Act 1957 (ii) Forest Act Our State does not have the authority to protect or exercise these rights of our people.
Four deaths have been reported today, three from East Khasi Hills, three from South West Garo Hills, one from South West Garo Hills. 1329 people.
This demand is not new, because the problem that the government is facing because it affects many other areas, if a decision is taken it will affect other issues and the Prime Minister said that he wants to He has directed the Ministry of Education and the Ministry of Finance to resolve the issue.
Shillong, July 26: U Charles Marngar MDC of Mawhati, on Tuesday expressed his gratitude to Titisstarwell Chyne CEM of KHADC for bringing together the government between the UKJHDC and ASEB for the construction of the Umiam. Hydel Power Project.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: Many elders and mothers of Shillong today attended a meeting convened by TUR at the parking lot of the Additional Secretariat to condemn the bombing. Agens Kharshiing and Anita Sangma were arrested in Sohsrieh.
The clash between the police and the militants lasted for about 20 minutes. Police seized an IANS surloi and seized documents related to the IANS.
The battalion also had the opportunity to participate in the United Nations mission in Sudan in 2008 and
We aim to develop 2 lakh hectares of forests in the next 5 years through this programme.
In 2021-22, Meghalaya plans to train about 11,000 people involved in this field including officers, ISAs, public health engineers, water and sanitation committees in villages, supervisory committee and members of the Panchayat.
This silence of the MeECL authorities has forced the contractors to take the decision to launch strikes which may include a strike.
Shillong, July 09: The President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Robertjune Kharjahrin on Tuesday said that the incident in Dawki area in recent days where Bangladeshis have dared to attack and injure BSF troops shows that The residents have no confidence in the BSF to protect the border.
Therefore, the union will conduct an inspection in the coming days and if found, those who carry the most will be arrested.
Jowai, July 11: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Meghalaya on July 10 celebrated the third anniversary of the rule of the BJP-led National Democratic Alliance (NDA). and Narendra Modi as the Prime Minister with the collaboration and financial support of NEEPCO, one of the Public Sector Units (PSUs) in Meghalaya.
First you have to identify the winner.
Shillong, July 29: Music lovers of Shillong have been waiting for a long time to listen to the Hoobastank concert from the USA which came to perform at Madan Polo on Saturday.
“The MLA of Mawlai does something for the people only for his own benefit,” said Bah Morris.
The dignity and growth of children is important and should be protected at all times when writing news or producing programs about children, she added.
The proportion of tobacco users over 18 years of age in India is 42.4% for males, 14.2% for females, 28.6%, for smokers, 19% for males, 2% for females. %, 29.6% of male smokers, 12.2% of females and 21.6% of all smokers.
On the other hand, the EM in charge of Mineral Resources, Bah Mitchel Wankhar, when asked by the Leader of the Opposition whether the money can be allocated to the MDCs, Bah Wankhar said that the money can be allocated to the MDCs. The Executive Committee will be appointed.
The whole country.
Answering questions, Bah KP Pangniang said that at this meeting they did not discuss anything on the MP election because this meeting is a continuation of what they have done. Speak in the past few months to elect the office bearers today.
Shillong, Lber 23: The Meghalaya Judo Association (MJA) and Bah Teiborlang Pathaw, Commandant of the North Eastern Security Academy, Mawlai Mawkynroh near NEHU Campus, will work together to promote the sport of Martial Arts Judo for those who private security personnel to be trained at NESA soon where the government has allocated about 300 personnel.
Deputy Chief Executive Member of GHADC Nikman Ch Marak, while talking to SP News Agency, said that no clear decision has been taken yet. It is not yet clear whether they will bring a decision to oppose the UCC, but they will speak first and after they have taken a decision at the meeting, it will be decided. To be sure, the idea of ​​taking a decision against the UCC has existed.
“Of course there are many criticisms but as the Government we will continue to work for the welfare of the state as a whole by bringing about change in the coming days,” he said.
Debbarma urged IIM Shillong to strive to bring new ideas by remembering the uniqueness of the states in the North East so that there will be a better understanding of this in other countries. part of the country.
These are the guidelines to protect the employees and also to ensure the safety of those who come to work. On the other hand, the CEM said that there is a need for the cooperation of all the MDCs, the Officers and all the employees and especially those who come to work to follow all the guidelines, on the part of the CEM said that this is not a complaint but should be followed properly not only because of COVID-1 be the smooth running of this office from year to year.
The Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) which includes the two ethnic parties, the United Democratic Party (UDP) and the HSPDP, has joined hands to nominate Bah Robert June Kharjahrin as the candidate under the symbol of the UDP in Bom. .
New Delhi, June 11: The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi today chaired a meeting to prepare for the heat wave that will hit the country from June. until July
The marathon will be held in all the blocks and the final will be held at Nongpoh.
In conclusion of his speech, Myntri Rangbah Duh said that he wants to see the continuation of peace and stability in the area and said that it is the blessing of the people that empowers all the work for the the growth of the par in the north.
This is the first time that the organization will conduct such training and the youth as well as the elders and women from the whole village came to take part in this training and this program was funded by the office of the District Planning Officer.
Screening of TB patients was conducted by symptoms, sputum testing, and the use of NAAT tests. Suspected cases were sent to the higher care facilities.
There is hope that the project will be a success and there is no reason to speculate at this point.
The meeting today to strengthen the police force includes Cyber ​​Crime, Forensic Laboratory and other facilities and T.80 crore has been allocated to strengthen the police force.
The office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills has issued a request to the public that all shopkeepers should get Tika and if they can get Tika they will not be allowed to open shops until they do. closed right.
Shillong, March 28: The Minister of State for Forests, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, on Tuesday said that the Central Government has set many conditions to meet before taking land. public hearing is one of the rules.
Bah Dorphang, as an MLA, said that as the leader of the area, he expressed his feeling that the collapse of the bridge has been a loss to many people who have to travel to transport. their goods to sell or buy from market places, such as Shillong and Umsning and other places.
He said that in the decision taken in 2008, it was decided that the Raid land cannot be sold anywhere even for 10 inches. be a violation of the rights of the people.
Shillong, Nailur 01: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today confirmed that four people have died of COVID-19 positive in the country. The death toll has risen to 1315 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from Ri Bhoi and 1 from West Khasi Hills.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The JSU today sent a letter to the DC requesting him to look into the Examination Centers before conducting the CUET exam to avoid any misconduct by the examination conductors. Last month, I was writing for the NEET exam at St. Mary Mazzarello Sec School, Jowai.
Khliehriat, July 31: The Meghalaya Women's Congress (MWC) today confirmed its new committee at the Community Hall of Khliehriat West.
However, in this struggle to free children from slavery, the mother and father have become the supporters and encouragers of their children.
He said that his government is a working government and will achieve the target for 2016-1
Before the opening of the Ranikor Civil Sub Division as promised by the government to the people of the area, it was seen that there was a strong demand that the government should not open the Civil Sub Division like Mawsynram, Mawlai. , Agroi.
The KSU also said that NEIGRIHMS should conduct its own recruitment examinations instead of allocating them to other companies as this can lead to confusion among the youth of the state as foreign companies do not understand the recruitment examinations. the people of the State.
In his welcoming remarks, Agarwal said that the North East is important and has many opportunities for trade as the Land Custom Stations (LCS) are open. opportunities for trade and transportation to neighboring countries.
The authorities in charge of the election have conducted a thorough investigation to ensure that the election will run smoothly.
On the first day, the oath was taken by the Director, Prof (Dr.) DM Thappa, Bah David T. Umdor (Deputy Director), and the staff of the Administrative Block.
From these documents, it was found that the group had demanded money from a Mumbai-based company operating in Nagaland and the demand was T.35 lakh. agreement to pay 3% of the work done by the company.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the Prime Minister, Bah Rasting Thabah, Chairman of the Group, said that according to the information of the government in 2012-2 There are 12 villages in the middle of the dispute.
Speaking to media, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said, “Meghalaya has done better for the ASHA workers compared to other states and when we have given the Fixed Renumeration, there should be another ASHA workers. Thank you on your behalf (ASHA).
Gilbert AL Marshillong, Deputy Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District, said that after receiving the complaint, they went to search for the boyfriend and arrested him from Wapung village.
Mobile users will receive a phone call from the number 1955 of IVRS and will ask questions to the public what problems they have faced regarding the outage of mobile phones during the or the public can send their SMS to this number 1955 by telling their location whether it is in the city or in the countryside.
Before leaving for Churachandpur, the Minister held talks with leaders, intellectuals, retired army officers and officers.
Shillong, March 09: U Bah HS Shylla has said that the NHAI has to submit a letter to the NHAI regarding the lack of footpaths and the payment of taxes at the toll gates. The CEM of KHADC, said that if the government does not issue a written notice to mine uranium, the KHADC will issue the NOC to the Wahkaji road. bright.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today requested the Legislative Assembly to allocate T.2.97 crore for the budget year 2023-2 The remaining amount of money will be paid to M/s Garuda UAV Soft Solution Private Limited.
Shillong, Nailar 28: U Ferdinand Suchiang of Meghalaya Home Guards has won the 4Northeast India Jeet Kune Do Championship held in Assam on Tuesday. brought home the gold medal.
She proudly described the courage of some of the women who fought for independence from the North East along with others like PhanNonglait of Meghalaya, Manorama Banerjee of Tripura, Rani Gaidinliu of Manipur, Helen Lepcha of Sikkim. and the Greater Canadian State of Assam.
Explaining about the Shad Lakhempong, Pa,im Niwel said that this shad is known as the Rah Kynthei shad. They shad together if they are brothers or sisters, because in this shad the young men, if they have shad together for two days, they want to take them home to talk to the two families before they reach the wedding.
Shillong, Nailar 06: Just because the Hima Jyrngam is under Rambrai MLA, MDC, Constituency, and just because the same Rangbah holds the post of EM, I/C Elaka, Khadc, is there any reason to introduce as these amendment bills amend the Constitution.
The Chief Executive Officer of SMB has lodged a complaint with the office of the Superintendent of Police of East Khasi Hills District that some people have collected money in the name of SMB to register vendors. ground under the Town Vending Committee (TVC) under the Meghalaya Street Vending (Protection of Livelihood and Regulation of Street Vending) Scheme, 2023.
P.Bhattacharyya gave special training to the villagers on how to give emergency treatment to the injured to prevent them from dying.
In this regard, the KHADC and World Bank officials held a working meeting on Tuesday.
The scheme aims to promote and recognize pilgrimage destinations across the country to promote religious tourism.
Shillong, July 26: U Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan in his speech at the 75th Republic Day celebrations at Madan Polo, said that the state government is determined to maintain peace and order in the state.
Perhaps this is the beginning of the thymbor of the land without the permission even from the KHADC as explained by the CEM to implement the construction of the railway line at Byrni Hat.
Shillong, Iaiong 11: Shillong Police have received a complaint that a man named Arjun Das has raped a six-year-old girl in Shillong.
Bindas said that she is not the only one who has suffered from this negligence of the doctors at Nongpoh Civil Hospital but there is also another woman, Ibanjalin Marbaniang from Kyrdem Kulai who has suffered more severely. Doctors and nurses were needed at midnight and although they sent for nurses, no one came to see or give medicine until morning.
He spoke to the group and expressed his admiration for the Ryndia jacket which is in line with the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) for environmental work, women's empowerment and they are the ones who are faithful.
Other issues that the BJP has put before the Governor to talk to the Ministry of Education of the Union Government to talk to Delhi that if there are people who are qualified from the state It is better to appoint a Vice Chancellor who is not from this state and especially if he is a mother.
It was found that the documents of the 9 foreigners selected were very low and lacking in authenticity.
The Union also invites all the concerned political parties to join hands so that we can achieve this goal,” he said.
In the 49th minute, Laitkor opened the scoring through Evangel Kharkongor.
Some families who have brothers and sisters who are studying have lost their old books and have had to buy new ones.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The total number of residents of Umden PHC is 26232 and 50 people have been tested positive for COVID-19 at Umden PHC. Shillong, Naitung 14: Ka Khasi Student Jaintia Hills The District Unit has been able to expand its scope of work across the districts and branches of Ri Lum Jaintia.
The farmers, especially during the rainy season when it is cold, use the branches of these foreign trees to burn fires.
“We strongly condemn and oppose this decision of the government and the party will not hesitate to carry its responsibility in times of unemployment,” said Bah Thomas Passah President of the Youth Wing of KHNAM Shillong. , July 01: U Bah HS Shylla Chairman of the group called Ka Sur upe ka Bri u Hynniewtrep, today said that the group strongly opposes the government to bring in foreign workers. bar this time around.
“Because only with the cooperation, we will be able to ensure that there will be no more traffic jams on the roads from now on and the traffic of the people will be easier especially during this Christmas season,” said the Vice President of the party. .
According to sources, two GNLA cadres were killed in a heavy exchange of fire between the police and the GNLA.
Four other MDCs, Antonio War, Hedrian Lyngdoh, Albinus Lyngdoh and Victor Lyngdoh, have resigned from the party. The suspension of their leader Bah Pynshngian.
Speaking to reporters during his visit to Meghalaya, he said that the implementation of the GST from 1st June will bring about many changes in the development of the state. in the par of the Ri.
The three-day ceremony, which started on the 24th and ended today with the offering of idols at the designated places, in Shillong, They were born in Umkhrah, Shillong.
Meanwhile, Langstiehrim and Umwiehsup Villages will remain as Containment Areas due to the number of residents who have just tested positive for COVID-19 and the Vaccination Drive has not been completed in these villages. the two villages of Pyndengumiong.
Before the 2013 elections, the North East Social Democratic Party (NESDP) was formed by Lamboklang Mylliem. This time, no information has been received that it will contest this time.
At the same time, he urged the members of the church to be united in fulfilling their duties.
Dr Raghavendra Kumar MG IPS has been transferred from the post of SP of East Khasi Hills District and Dara Aswaghosh has been transferred from the post of SP of East Khasi Hills District. and this shall take effect from the date of assumption of office.
The Government has also reduced the duty on items required for shrimp farming, in order to boost exports.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: Meghalaya Police today received a tip that some people were leaving Guwahati for Shillong and it is suspected that these people may be carrying illegal liquor.
Other demands include the government to implement the POSCO Act, 2012, the government to set up Fastract Courts in all districts of the state to hear only cases of violence against women.
Leading UDP leaders who attended the meeting included Ranikor MLA Pius Marweiñ, Allantry Dkhar Vice President and Mairang office bearers.
Shillong, Lber 05: The mining of coal by the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people and the smuggling of coal to East Pakistan at that time, now Bangladesh of the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people. It has been in existence since the time of the British Government in India.
The deceased were identified as Usha Paul, 58, of Laban and Tibul Chetri, of Quallapaty.
The union also urges the state government to provide more doctors in the hospital even though it has not yet been able to open the hospital so that the people can get help.
Latest sources close to the Congress party said that during the visit of the General Secretary of the party, he ordered that a meeting of the Congress Legislative Party should be convened to discuss the issues. that some Congress MLAs have gone to support other candidates.
