There have been two young children who have fallen into these holes and been injured.
She asked the government to allow the committee to listen to the statement of the VPP so that it can be heard by the voice of all.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: Police of East Khasi Hills District have arrested a woman in Them Metor and found that she is the same person as shown in the videos. It has spread in these days that it is suspected to be drug trafficking.
New Delhi, Nailar 19: Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi today held a half-hour telephone conversation with US President Donald Trump.
Regarding the circulation of the voice mail, KTFA leaders admitted that they had tried to find out but had not found any evidence that there was such a statement in the voice mail.
Shillong, Iaiong 13: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today handed over a letter to the Chief Secretary, Bah DP Wahlang on the roster at the office.
The inspection was accompanied by Bah John Kharshiing President MOA and other state government officials from the sports department.
Shillong, Lber 26: The nominations filed by all the candidates for the 1-Shillong and 2-Tura Parliamentary Constituencies today were found to be sufficient, except for the CPI candidate and KHNAM in which they have to explain before the 28th of this month.
Referring to the District Councils, where the GHADC and JHADC cannot pay their salaries, the Chief Minister said that it is not the responsibility of the government to pay their salaries, but it is the responsibility of the government. the part of the government to provide assistance through the funds they are entitled to.
So far, 93769 people have been tested positive for COVID-19 in the state, the highest number of cases in East Khasi Hills District 47070, West Garo Hills 10721 in There are 10308 people in Bhoi.
The Lakadong CD Block of West Jaintia Hills District of Meghalaya is well known and has a demand of more than 7.5% for this variety in the market due to its distinctive taste, flavor and colour.
According to the witnesses received by the AJYWO, it was found that this Nepali, whose name has not been released, has appointed himself as the Rangbah Shnong of Umthe village which is inhabited only by Nepalis. He said that he was willing to issue a Permanent Residential Certificate to a Nepali who did not want to apply for military service.
There are also some of these incidents which are a serious threat to human life such as the killing of people by menshohnoh who believe that they can feed blood in their thlen.
The hearings were held in the District Council Court, and the hearings were held in four rooms, one in the judge's room and three rooms in the magistrate's room, in the presence of the owners. cases and defendants before magistrates and authorities.
The union said that there are still many families who have not received any assistance from the government.
The Minister of State for Railways, Rajen Goghain, on Tuesday said that it is the desire of the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, to restore peace in the country for the second time. in this part of the northeast of India.
John F Kharshiing said that the rights of the indigenous people on customs and land should be the same whether in Bangladesh or Assam even between the traditional boundary disputes and the The Chairman, NCST has agreed to meet with the Heads of State in Meghalaya in May
On the other hand, HH Mohrmen, who is also an environmental activist, said that he has received reports from the residents of 7 villages which have been affected by the turning of the water, namely Khlachympa, Rymmusan and Tympang. Club, Amlariang, Shnongpdeng, Shnongklor and Banang and he also witnessed with his own eyes the turning point in the water supply of the village.
They were consecrated as priests today at the Cathedral Parish Laitumkhrah.
Police said that if anyone has any information about these people please inform the nearest police station or call 0364-2222214/ 2222215/2222855 or anywhere else.
On the other hand, these organizations in the rally today alleged that there is no opposition to the attack on Hindus in Bangladesh, Afghanistan and Pakistan. maintain peace in these countries.
Such as tobacco or marijuana which are drugs which are not prohibited by law but have serious harmful effects on human health, there are other types of drugs which are prohibited by law. against the use of them.
It is learned that many of the youths who have passed the higher grades are willing to come to Shillong to apply for vacancies.
Robbers from Assam who came in a white Scorpio without registration number to kidnap a truck driver were caught in a shrip by the Ribhoi District Police on Tuesday.
It will also lead to the destruction of forest areas and grasslands which are at risk of the same.
“I was at home and I sent my son outside to play, while I was washing my clothes when I suddenly heard an explosion.
If the VPP party gets power, it will be difficult to elect any party that cannot participate in the Khadar rule, because from the beginning they have already been in power. They don't think about getting rid of any candidate or party that hasn't been established, especially in the field of corruption.
According to the President of the Unit, Samla Rymphang Nongsiej, he spoke about the unity of the children of Hynniewtrep.
The Chief Minister, Cornad, said that as it is, there has been a detailed discussion according to the reports in which they have discussed in detail and this is according to the number of ethnic groups, the number of villages, the peace and order. People can apply for government assistance from villages that have a census of Meghalaya or Assam.
There are 31 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 27 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from Eastern West Khasi Hills, 1 from Ri Bhoi and 1 from West Garo Hills. There are 92416 recoveries and 1595 deaths.
On the 23rd of this month, he received a phone call from unidentified persons demanding T.15 lakh for the release of his father if he pays the money. Police are investigating the incident.
Answering a question on the MSS Act, the Chief Minister said that this is also one of the ways to prevent it. amendments to certain sections of this Act.
Before the distribution of these blankets, a meeting was conducted by Rev.FS Lipon who is also the Chairman of WMC and a short speech was delivered by the Rangbah Shnong of Nongjngi, Tbn S.Tyngkra, Tbn H.B.Dan. , Rev.L.Manner Field Secretary WMC. Rev.L.Manner in his speech expressed his gratitude to God, who has led this Center from time to time in its various activities. He also expressed his special thanks to Mr. S. Suting who helped to provide these blankets in which the WMC has been able to provide assistance to the suffering brothers and sisters as well as to the brothers and sisters who have suffered. He congratulated the Nongjngi Village and the Nongjngi Church for their cooperation.
On the opening day of the two-day strike of the RBYF, there has been a disruption in the work of the offices today as the RBYF has called for a two-day office blockade but after a discussion. The RBYF has announced that it has suspended its strike.
After independence, Pakistan tried to capture the island of Lakshadweep and it was with his courage that he ordered the Navy to recapture the island.
East Jaintia Hills District Police have arrested 20 boxes of drug soap from these women. They have arrested 20 boxes of drug soap from one state to another. heroin.
These robbers fled to the southern part of the country because of the proximity to Bangladesh.
One of the priority tasks that he is fighting for now is to get permission for St. Joseph Secondary School to start Class XI and Class XII. hopefully they will get this too.
In the middle of the match, Panghal didn't give up on his style of play.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Jai Skhemlon Sirdar of Mawdon Hima said that the Border Hat was inaugurated by the Prime Minister of India on 11th July 2021 during his visit to Bangladesh. The opening ceremony was held in the presence of the Prime Minister of Bangladesh through Video Conferencing.
Shillong, November 29: The Committee of Rupang today held a meeting to provide assistance to the poorest people who have not been recognized by the government.
He said the Government has set a target to complete all the construction projects in the state.
However, the mining industry has needed more reforms especially in promoting the exploration and extraction of valuable minerals essential for the economic development and security of the country.
“You will face many challenges, but if you have the will, you have the way,” said Kong Joycy.
The training center and the students are growing every day under the guidance of the Maharaj and the teachers.
Within a few minutes, the DC called for talks with the leaders and promised to stop the trucks carrying coal from Assam.
It also supplies water to schools in the village and a hospital in the village.
Despite many challenges, farmers have an important role to play in ensuring the supply of food during this time of fighting against the coronavirus.
The Magistrates this evening left to expel these teachers because the district authorities have not given permission to hold an indefinite strike.
He said that the awarding and recognition of the achievements of the youth is to promote them as stars and inspiration to others.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner has convened a meeting with the land owners to request them to allow the construction of the road even if they have not received the land fee.
The body of the child was taken to Jowai Civil Hospital for post mortem.
They said that the government will not be able to re-employ them in the same place but will re-employ them in other places.
The Minister spoke about the changes that have come through the Government's schemes like Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana, PM Garib Kalyan Anna Yojana, Deendayal Antyodaya Yojana, PM Awas Yojana (Rural), PM Ujjwala Yojana, PM Kisan Saman and to Kisan Credit Card.
It is pleasant to see Myntri Rangbah Duh praising the youth of the country, their goals and their achievements and this has encouraged others who want to bring about change in society but who have doubts.
The government has selected these two schools to rebuild in order to improve education in the area.
“If I have to distribute according to the price set by the government, it is better to stop this distribution of foodgrains. Save.
He said that when they arrived at the police station, the Metor drivers paid for the alcohol they had drunk inside the restaurant and the police released the employee of the restaurant.
When the amount of funds received from the Central Government through the Special Central Assistant has reached T.4395.26 lakh, the highest amount of funds has been received by the Amapti Division. T.3300 lakh.
The party strongly urges the NFR not to interfere in this matter and not to try to hide from the security forces promised by the DC, because he cannot fulfill the will of the people.
Shillong, Jymmang 7: The semi final of the Federation Cup 2016 will be played between Mohun Bagan AC and Shillong Lajong FC at the Barasat Stadium in Kolkata on Saturday at 9 pm.
The Minister of Home Affairs appealed to all States and Union Territories to implement the recommendations of the NDMA to prevent floods in a timely manner.
" said Bah MH Dkhar, President of AJYWO.
Moina Phyllut (NCP) of Nartiang-Umladang,7
Shillong, July 08: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today visited the Hotel Court Yard at Jail Road which has been completed and remains to be opened. her.
Speaking to reporters, the Minister said that the power outage may have been caused by the failure of the transformers, the fire or the light signs. or it may be for other reasons.
The figure below shows the monthly GST collections for this year.
On the other hand, the Government has expressed its commitment to demand the ILP by taking a resolution in the House to implement the IKP in Meghalaya and now the whole issue is in its hands. Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government so we have to wait for the decision of the Union Government.
This includes import duties of T.37,527 crore, excise duty of T.9,389 crore and import duties of T.614 crore.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The Director of Sports, Government of Meghalaya today convened a meeting of various committees to discuss the preparations for the National Ganes. state will be held in
Shillong, November 17: The Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy today inaugurated the five-day exhibition of portraits of the Father of the Nation, Mahatma Gandhi at the JN Indoor Stadium in Polo.
The total number of recoveries today is
Khanduli, March 2: The Self Help Group of Women of Khanduli Village, West Jaintia Hills District, today celebrated its 151st Birthday. Mahatma Gandhi by conducting cleanliness drive.
Examples include the Mylliem Hima and the Shella Confederation.
The purpose of this is to showcase to the world the existence of these traditional dances.
Please take note of these issues and attend the meeting.
He said that what the people used to do all the time in terms of agriculture is to produce less. On this occasion, he urged the people to take advantage of the opportunity to use the modern farming methods to produce more and better products.
The youths of this organization have donated their own blood to help the poor.
All this shows that under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the 'Khadi of India' has become the leader of the 'Atmanirbhar Bharat Abhiyan' in the country.
The Syiem said that they don't need the land, the request came from the people of Nongwah Mawtamur because the Lyngdoh of the Hima Sohiong doesn't go to see this land. mother without father.
The leaders of FKJGP Mawkhan Unit were accompanied by the leaders of FKJGP Mawnianglah Unit and FKJGP Mawrashe Unit which fall under the boundary of FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle. There is a responsibility for the welfare of society and for the morality of the country and the nation as a whole.
He was the one who called me one evening in April 2001 and asked me to go to Gujarat as the Chief Minister.
New Delhi, Lber 05: The National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) has taken all measures to ensure that the roads and highways in the country are in good condition and have been ordered to maintain them properly, said the Chairman of the NHAI. Deepak Kumar.
The report will also be sent to all the MDCs of the House.
Shillong, Naitung 13: The Muster Roll PHE Department has informed all the Muster Rolls operating in various Government offices, as well as the domestic workers, ASHAs and Aganwadis in the area including Tyrsad, Sawsymper, Mawsynram, Lawbah-Ryngku and Balat will hold a meeting on the 17th of this month at the Conference Hall of the Block. The event will start at 11:30 pm.
The JSU said that he may be from Bangladesh or from other parts of Meghalaya.
The Seng has nothing to oppose their arrival, but the government has set aside this jhur market only for the farmers to sell their produce and the jhur vendors who set up jhur shops to come. to buy from this market and to go to the shops around.
Shillong, Lber 09: The ICFAI Shillong in collaboration with the NSS on Thursday 8/2/2024 held the International Women's Day on the theme “NEP2 The meeting was held at Pine Wood Hotel Shillong.
“The increasing spread of these wildlife activities against the livelihoods and livelihoods of the victims has caused our families and especially the children and young children to There is no self-confidence anywhere,” said Bah MH Dkhar President of AJYWO Central Body.
He said that the Khasi Pnar in Meghalaya and the Karbi from Meghalaya to Assam have been affected.
Shillong, Naitung 11: The Behdeinkhlam festival is held once a year by the Jowai Elaka to thank the Creator after the planting and burial and to pray for the good agriculture. to receive health, that thou mayest be free from evil.
The worst affected villages are Mawkhniang, Mawsiej, Mawsiangbah and Nongkdait.
At the time of writing, no casualties have been reported.
The Meghalaya High Court has taken this decision on a complaint by 40 Bangladeshi refugees who were refused to register their names in the Electoral Roll by the District Administration.
He was abducted by gunmen while he was on his way from Tura to an auto show.
Have if this is the strategy of the present government to use these 2 DS and the people of the area for the benefit of someone else by proposing and giving only half the time for those development schemes of He also refused to open the Maw Nongrim in front of the public and journalists and also issued a work order and ordered the work to start immediately. 7-8 months later and then do the same as the 2 DS and so on.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Aibor Shadap, MDC of Jowai Civil Sub-Division, said that Block-I was part of Meghalaya at the time of Jowai Civil Sub-Division. It was transferred to Mikir Hills and North Chacher Hill districts, but for more than 70 years, these lands have been in Karbi Anglong district.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, General Secretary of the Jhur Traders Association, Bah Ferdinand Mawrie, said that the problem they face is that the number of gates does not collect taxes from the jhur traders. It is also believed that there is also a involvement of the drivers of these drivers who carry jhur.
It is only through all these that we can build a new India that we can live in - where every Indian will have the opportunity to achieve their aspirations and act in a way that makes others happy. on you.
Speaking on the issue of border issue, Mawhati MDC Charles Marngar said that the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) should show its strength and authority in relation to the border issue. .
They have been ordered to harvest the rice as allocated to them before 2nd November
The competition was organized by the Central Ground Water Board, Shillong today.
When SP News Agency visited the Khasi Heritage Village, it was shocking to see that the Khasi Heritage Village is now covered with roads and dewbilat buildings. The kingdom of God is destroyed.
I take this opportunity to congratulate the people of the state who have worked hard to achieve development.
He encouraged the trainees to use the services of this group especially in terms of advanced computer training.
On the other hand, the JSU has seen that the government has accepted the demands of the JSU.
On Tuesday, the union leaders visited Muktapur village to meet with the Company Commander of Border Out Post Muktapur and the relatives of Dr. Buam to investigate the incident.
At the same time, the Governor also mentioned Part IV A, Article 51A which speaks of the roles as citizens should play to make India great.
Today’s decision is not just a legal matter; it is a vision, a promise of a better future and a sign of determination to build a stronger and more united India.
The Assistant Commandant of the NDRF said that they have pumped up to 20 lakh liters of water but the water has filled them. They have strong water pumps and when the water is pumped, they will search for the people who have been cut down.
The union demands that the railway project should be completed immediately without further discussion.
Other types of driving training schools established under Rule 24 of the CMVR, 1989, which have stricter requirements than the ADTC, also have to issue a certificate on completion of the training (Form 5) through sub-rule (d) of Rule 27 of the CMVR,
Shillong, Nailar 10: The State Sports Department has launched a ball training for children between the ages of 7 and 11 years for both men and women at the Polo Ground in November. Last year, this was done through the Prime Minister's Awarded Initiative, 'Hum Chuyenge Asman' of Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh.
In his request, the Chief Minister said that as the citizens of the state we are still lagging behind in many areas. people to vote for it for the honor of the state.
Shillong, July 08: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has decided to call a 12 hour curfew on 12/06/1 from 5 pm to 5 pm, as a sign of regret and appeal to the State Government for the forgetfulness to set up a Blood Bank in Jowai which the Union has been demanding for many years.
This report of the SDRC has confirmed the stinginess of the PHE and its inability to do anything since the time when the union urged on the same issue.
The injured were identified as Trishnashree Das, 23, and Nilutpal Debnath,
The injured were identified as Trishnashree Das, 23, and Nilutpal Debnath,
This officer has worked in many parts of India.
When asked how this kur relationship came into being, the former Sordar said that according to the stories of the elders, it was the Kharkongors who fled and came to these areas during the Great War. ar (second world war), and it is said that they are from the kpoh which used to be a kongor at the Syiem's ​​house in the past and from that incident there was a rumor and sin tribe Dyia in the village Mawdem.
The SP said that if the parents or relatives of the child wish to collect the body, please contact the Dawki Police Staton by telephone at: 9402303222/9862370673 and Jowai PCR. No: 9774065467/03652220782.
"The union said that this action of Adsan Mahindra has angered the union and the residents of Mawiongrim village and from this action of the company has misled many and especially the people. who are foreign.
The Government has decided to continue the work and has to spend money, the reason is that the delay in the inspection of this site has been in the past but this power plant is important and The government has decided to complete it by
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: Ka KSU Nongthymmai will celebrate the 79th death anniversary of Babu Soso Tham on 18/12/2 SSLC to post graduate level.
The two-month deadline for these committees is only a delay tactics of the state government for the implementation of the recommendations of the 13 parties.
Neepco General Manager KHEP Umrongso , Assam Devotosh Bhattacharjee , Assistant Administrative Officer HRD KHEP Umrongso , A Sinha , and other officials were present at the opening ceremony NEEPCO, Waheh Shnong of Iooksi Iooksi, Ma Nehemaya Tyngkan, Teachers, Students, Members and Leaders of KSU Iooksi Unit, IYWSC members and other residents of Iooksi Village.
Dr Mukul started talking to the sohsaw vendors, then to the jhur vendors and reached the fish market where he heard from his own sources that the fish arriving in the state. It is located in the state of Andhra Pradesh.
It is the people of the country who contest the elections, the 130 crore people of the country contested the elections.
The actor of the film is Sahil Kholi, the actress is Shrigitaa Ghosh who has acted in South Indian films, the supporting actresses are Luchy Diengdoh and Shruti Giak.
When asked about this action of the Governor, the Chief Minister said he does not want to criticize anything, but this is the request of the Governor.
The tournament continued on Saturday with the flag raising ceremony by Bah AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya who was the Chief Guest, in the presence of Rev.Fr. Michael Marbaniang, Parish Priest of St. Joseph's Church and other leaders from these nine parishes.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MDC Mawkynrew Constituency who is also the Chairman of the Khasi Traditional Medicine Commission. He also congratulated the Leaders and Office Bearers of the Shillong Archdiocese Catholic Youth Movement Zone-V who have taken this step to raise awareness among the public on the need to preserve the Khasi Traditional Medicine Act, Mei Mariang, in which he said that as a nation that knows Briew and knows God since ancient times, the Khasi have always respected and considered the nature sacred. There is a need for the word 'MEI MARIANG' which means the mother who gives birth to the child.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Baranwal, told SP News Agency that the road has been cleared and vehicles have been able to move.
The four policemen who were injured in the accident were taken to Civil Hospital Nagaon for treatment and the minister was taken to Shillong at his residence.
According to the residents of the area, the severity of the cold weather has been excessive and they have never experienced such a cold weather this year. It was so excessive that even the tins of the house were destroyed by the cold.
“When you start borrowing from tax expenditures, that’s going to have a problem.
Explaining how to quarantine the employees, he said that only those who are high risk have been quarantined, while those who are low risk have been sent home on the day of inspection. and they shall be healthy.
It is also necessary for the KHADC authorities to IMMEDIATELY convene a meeting between the Deputy Commissioners, together with the Commissioner & Secretary Law, Government of Meghalaya, Advocate General, Addl Advocate. General, Government of Meghalaya, and the Standing Counsel, KHADC, to meet and understand the methods of recognition and registration of the 16 types of land in Ri Khasi.
Satish Dua, Chief of Integrated Defense Staff, Chairman, COSC, Colonel of JK Light Infantry Regiment, Defense personnel and other state government officials.
On the other hand, the HSPDP candidate, Bah Panbor Ryntathiang, expressed his understanding that the political system should be clean and transparent and to explain the truth to the people. .
Regarding the shortage of veterinary facilities, he said the state government should send a request for assistance to the central government. the state should send the scheme to the central government.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Minister in charge of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, said that he is surprised why the farmers cannot sell their jhur at the parking lot at Mawlong Market. parking lot opposite Anjalee.
Shillong, Nailur 10: U Bah Syntar Klas Sunn MLA of Mawphlang constituency today passed away suddenly at his residence in Mawngap.
Prime Minister Duh congratulated Prime Minister Tobgay and said that India highly values ​​its strong cooperation with Bhutan.
The HYC demands that the spending on various festivals should be reduced and that the MLA/MDC, Ex MLA/MDC/MP should not be paid any salary. Chairman, Co-Chairman, Vice Chairman and others on Boards, Corporations, because all of them receive their salaries and pensions.
If we look after these, our youth will be healthy and when the youth are healthy, the country will be healthy,” said Prime Minister Duh.
At the same time, the VDP members were urged to report to the police if anyone promises to provide them with jobs.
CPC leaders from Tura will meet with the District Administration of West Garo Hills to discuss and exchange views on the religious ceremony.
Furthermore, in 2014, only 6 airports were operational in the region but now we have 15 airports in the last 7 years.
Especially since it has affected the income of many parents.
The buyer group is DeHaatTM which has come to buy from the farmers of Meghalaya, according to a statement by the Chief Minister on Twitter.
On behalf of the HYC, Shillong City, first of all, we would like to congratulate the KHADC especially Bah Paul Lyngdoh who has taken the decision to eradicate Benami and to help the Hynniewtrep people who live on the ground.
According to the latest news received by the SP News Agency, the incident happened this morning when people from Nongtrai village went out to attend a Syond service in Krang. the bridge is burning.
The meeting was led by KSWO Matabor Thomsing Mawkon, KSWO President Darwin Khongphai, Vice President Reebith Riahtam, former Sordar Homsing Khongjee and Bires Laso. the village.
Keisham Indrajit Singh of Manipur won the Super Senior event by beating Hector Marwein of Meghalaya and Nagesh Singh of Assam.
The search for the seizure of the money is still ongoing and the amount seized is expected to exceed Rs 300 crore as the seizure of the money is still ongoing.
Shillong, June 05: BSF troops from the 172nd Battalion of Meghalaya on receiving a tip that there was a truck carrying Supari rice, conducted a search operation at Umkiang village in East Jaintia Hills District. They also seized Supari kwai worth T.1.25 crore.
In a letter sent to the Chief Minister today, the Congress MLAs said that their support for the MDA government is to strengthen the government to take any decision. These decisions are for the benefit of the people of the state.
II Measuring the Right; DTP Pt.
Media sources close to the NPP leaders said that it would be better if the parties nominated their own candidates even if they worked together in the government, as the party understands that the cooperation in government and the electoral process have nothing to do with each other.
Uniquely for the MFA, this statewide tournament will not be held between clubs but between affiliated district associations, 20 of which are to take part in the inaugural edition.
The talks to introduce such laws or mechanisms to curb the influx of foreigners have been going on for three years and they don't see it reaching anywhere.
He said that there is no government in the world that can prevent this, to prevent this is that the people should follow the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, that is, to wear masks. , to wash hands and to keep a distance from each other.
According to the findings today, it is a dangerous situation for the people because even the smell is too high and it cannot be tolerated how much more for those people who use it to drink food. don't drink the water that flows from these places.
Jowai, Jymmang 10: The 125th Anniversary of Mane Wei Blei Church in Jowai has ended with thanksgiving and prayer to God.
Police were informed of the incident and the police immediately rushed to the scene and the family members of the child also rushed to the scene. .
The most important thing besides this Health Mela is to teach people how to take care of themselves to get health by taking care of themselves because no one can help a person if he cannot help yourself.
In Shillong, as soon as banks were opened during working hours, people who claimed to be members of the KSU and HYC members went to tell the managers of the banks to close them because now The Nongkrem Festival has been declared a public holiday by the government.
The complaint to the police said that after the discovery of the money, Mrinal Bruah, who took responsibility for the money, said that the money was found by Mrinal Bruah. He has paid T.20,000/- per month but for two months he has not paid this amount.
As promised, the VC has appointed a committee, and the JSU expresses its gratitude to the VC for his concern for the development of education in Jaintia Hills. .
NEIAH has closed the hospital since the beginning of the lockdown in October.
Later, all those who have been in contact with the patient should be tested and follow-up should begin.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District has also announced that on Tuesday there will be a public holiday in the entire district. on that day.
Along with these leaders, two members of the party, Bah E.Sutnga and O.Nongtdu, have left the party and their resignation letters have been sent to the FKJGP-Jaintia Hills. District for the necessary action.
The BSF did not specify which constituency the ballot paper seized from the Khar Bangladeshi was from and did not specify the place where he lives. hide this to discover more.
The third is the Meghalaya Profession Taxation Rules 2022, and this is that after the law comes into force, the government has to follow the rules. be.
He said that according to the rules directed by the 15th Finance Commission of the Central Government, a PMFS Account has already been opened where the Digital Signature of the CEM has been requested and an LG Code has been prepared for the purpose. the village.
Banjop Pyngrope in his speech said that the people in power have violated the rules and regulations because only the EC has not implemented the AR. He said that the Governor who has taken power now has to go to North Korea.
It also aims to pave the way for understanding the rights of the region.
AT Mandal Speaker, former Speaker AT Paul Lyngdoh, Ronnie V Lyngdoh, former Ministers Dr C Lyngdoh, newly elected Santa Mary Shylla, Charles Marngar and others.
When asked, he said, “I don't think I'm going to turn back or play chess because I'm not even on the field.
During the ceremony, they also discussed how to resolve the problems of the wives of those soldiers who have sacrificed their lives for the sake of the country in terms of their pension and health care. the health of the wives of the soldiers who gave their lives for the sake of the country.
According to the census, it was found that it is less than what should be received, because the school census shows that there are fewer children but the number of children is higher than the census.
Shillong, Lber 05: Speaking on the opening day of the 2021-2022 Budget Session of the Legislative Assembly, U Governor of Meghalaya today said that it is the diet of the government to fight for the development of the welfare of the people and this is enshrined in the Constitution of the country.
On this occasion, Bah John Kharshiing presented the book “The Khasi States – A Brief Historical Timeline – 1771 to 2017 to Ambassador Thierry Mathou and Counsel General Didier Talpain.
He said that the opposition will not sit idly by but will stand up and condemn this action of the present state government.
In 2023, the Governor has authorized the two Autonomous District Councils to appoint a Delimitation Committee to arrange the MDC Constituencies of these two Councils according to the population.
The murder of the woman happened on the India-Bangladesh border, about two hours away from Donaskur.
Shillong, November 09: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) NESO and GSU today held a sit-in protest in Shillong and Tura to protest against the killing of civilians in Nagaland. the village of Oting.
"Furthermore, Dasgupta said, “in terms of prices, the State Governments and the Central Government have agreed on a single tax.
Furthermore, a discussion was held on how to strengthen the NPP party in Shillong City for the preparation of the 2018 Legislative Assembly elections.
The scheme was introduced by the Congress-led UPA government and the government wants to ensure that the scheme will be successful in the communities. Other decisions taken by the Cabinet today were to increase the number of ration sellers, and those were that Jowai will get another ration seller. Mawkyrwat will receive one joint vendor, Mairang one joint vendor, Khliehriat one joint vendor and Resubel para two joint vendors.
: The War Jaintia Students Union (WSU) on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Sub Divisional Officer of Amlarem Civil Sub-Division regarding the killing of BSF troops on the Muktapur-Psadwar road.
The opening ceremony was conducted by Bah F Nongsiej Minister of State, the welcome speech was delivered by Bah Phindar Wanniang and the speech by Bah Phindar Wanniang was attended by the residents of the village. Thank you very much to Mr. WN Lartang.
In the past few months, it has been reported that Dr. DRL Nonglait is one of the candidates who is preparing to contest the Lok Sabha elections from Shillong Seat, which will be held in
“From the western part of India to the western part of the moon, this is not an easy journey,” he said. He said that ISRO has created a new moon at its research facility.
Information was given on the steps taken to clarify the doubts.
Bah Pyniaid said that if the Hima cannot do this, the Council will have to take the power into its own hands to inspect and knieh lut all the land according to the records. and the Council.
KSU Laban Circle has planted more than 400 tree seedlings in Riat Laban Forest and schools in Laban Pyllun in the presence of Rangbah Shnong Bah Shepher Wahlang, Secretary Village of Madan & Riat Laban Bah. Rupert G.Marbaniang who also distributed tree seedlings to several schools within the jurisdiction of Laban Circle.
It is worth mentioning here that the employment in these nine selected jobs is Rs 2.37 crore according to the Economic Census (2013-14).
The Meghalaya Health Systems Strengthening Project will strengthen the capacity to monitor and manage health services in the state; expand insurance coverage; improve health care systems through the provision of jobs and also the training of people; and open access to appropriate medicines and research.
The MSPCB chief has requested the MoEF&CC to bypass the Public Hearing and introduce or apply para 7(i) stage 3 clause (v) of the EIA 2006 to allow Star Cement to access the land. Environmental Clearance is no longer required to hold a public hearing or Public Hearing for the construction of the Bricyrnot mine in an area of ​​less than 42 acres.
The Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) has approved the names of Kong Nongrang, along with Ram Prasad Meena, ADG, Border Security Force (BSF), Deepak Kumar, ADG, Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF). As an IPS Officer, she has served across the state, in the Intelligence Bureau (IB), then as the Director General (DG) of the Civil Defense & Home Guard, Meghalaya. She will be appointed as DGP after the term of office of former DGP Lajja Ram Bishnoi expires on the 19th of this month.
This is according to a directive issued by the Chief Secretary today.
According to information received, the flags were raised by these four organizations to protest against the incident at Umsawli village in Langpih where the people were bombed by the police. Assam has been injured in the attack.
His visit to the GNLA members who came to surrender was to see for themselves what has been done for them in this quarantine area after they returned. The total number of GNLA members who have surrendered is
The Central Government will not allocate any more funds for these roads because the fault lies with those who prepared the scheme and not with the Central Government who provided the funds.
There are 142 recoveries today. The recoveries according to the districts are: 3 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 118 cases in East Khasi Hills, 2 cases in Ri Bhoi, 18 cases in West Garo Hills and 1 case in West Jaintia Hills. There are 84281 confirmed cases so far.
At this meeting, KSUP7T demanded that the Chief Minister should put this on the website of Meghalaya to inform the public about the 12 villages which are in the middle of the dispute.
The investigation team found that the two bags inserted inside the capsule, according to a household, were larger than the capsule. this complaint of the pharmacist.
This money was allocated for the purpose of improving and beautifying the villages according to the joint decision of all the villagers.
Speaking to reporters, Conrad K. Sangma said that he and Himanta will visit Khanduli-Psiar in Block-I in the fourth month of April. they didn't finish the Puja.
It is to be recalled that Bah Lostar Nongphud, 40 years old from Mawsiangbah village has gone missing since 4th March 2023 while he was looking for kseh in the forest. which always rises.
In a statement sent to the media, the union said that in the past years, it was only a temporary place of worship for the road workers but after these road workers left, it has become a temporary place of worship. The place of worship continued and some foreigners built the place of worship illegally.
Rev.Dr.P.C.Singh, Bishop of Jabalpur Diocese, Rt.
The vessels were smuggled from Bangladesh to the Lakra River in West Jaintia Hills District under the jurisdiction of BOP Muktapur. the tyrkhong.
Physics University NEHU, Shillong; and Chief Superintendent of Police Bumper Warjri, Sub Inspector, who won the Excellence Award 2018 for his work in traffic management from the post of Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, Shillong.
This was stated by the President of KSU Border Area Unit.
There are only 71 colleges in the state with 67,352 students and 3,85,878 students of undergraduate age.
However, after a while, the driver of the bus and some of the passengers started speaking insultingly about her and her religious dress and their religious beliefs.
Jacman Shira, one of the farmers who was destroyed by the wild elephants, told SP News Agency that the elephants arrived this evening and destroyed the dingkwai and other crops in the village. sun.
HM Shangpliang, Director of Social Welfare, said that the International Day is held every year on the 11th of March. declared by the United Nations in 2011, and said that the world will celebrate this day for the first time in
Shillong, March 19: U Bah SD Khongwir, President of the Mawlai Town Dorbar, on Tuesday advised all the churches in Malwai to honor this hero on the day of the funeral of Archbishop Rev. Domonic Jala to close schools, or to open partially so that children and teachers can attend the funeral.
This will ensure consistency in payments when withdrawing funds.
According to the estimates, 10,20,349 people have been given the first dose and 3,03,816 people have been given the second dose so far.
Not only that, the HC judge has threatened to send Bah Adelbert to Kala pani as if he was a victor like in the past.
The most prominent candidates who filed their nomination papers are the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma from Songsak and the former Chief Minister Dr Donlupar Roy from Shella.
The Assistant Director, Social Welfare and Fr. Celia, Director, Don Bosco Youth Center were also present on the occasion.
The BSF claimed that this was the act of Bangladeshi robbers who used to invade Rajaju, Nonghyllam, Nongjri and other parts of the area.
As a party, we are sorry when any problem arises and as a party, we want to have peace, but we cannot say anything about that letter because we have not received it. crane inside the party.
" We hand it over to the Police department' he said.
The party congratulates all the families of its members especially those who lost their children in the conflict.
The District Medical Health Officer of East Khasi Hills District has directed the people to do and avoid the spread of the disease.
On this occasion, Dr Donkupar said that great deeds are not done in large numbers, but among a few people. Their work is not done by their hard work.
“The Congress government in the coming years will take more action in terms of repairing or improving the roads which are very important in the coming years,” he said. Dr.
The Seng urges the paradoh parasnam to walk and stand as usual and to earn their living freely on their own land.
The JHADC has been unable to pay the salaries of 1000 employees including 300 teachers of the District Council for 12 months. There are schools run by the District Council.
Other places visited were the construction of new footpaths at Lyngwa Market under the Scheme of the Tourism Department in Nongkhlaw in the presence of the Syiem of Nongkhlaw, Bah PM Syiemlieh and the Minister of Hima, Bah Brylin Nongbri.
He said that this is not an easy task and this booklet will be a guideline for the NPP on how to run the state. This will also be a place for readers to explore the culture and traditions of the Garo people.
Only one member of the Cabinet (Rakkam A.Sangma), who sits and does not hold the portfolio (mentioned).
New Delhi, March 20: The Ayushman Bharat Prime Minister-Jan Arogya Yojana (AB PM-JAY) has surpassed the target of 26 crore Ayushman cards across the country by 19th November
It is to be recalled that the KSU Sonapyrdi unit, KSU Narpuh Circle has been demanding the expulsion of these BSF personnel for almost six years now. KSU EJHDU on 18th November 2023 has conveyed to the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Prestone Tynsong but no reply from the government has been received. this.
The thanksgiving ceremony, as usual, was preceded by the thanksgiving ceremony, the prayer of water, rice, and also the raising of the flag of the party, which was raised by Rgh K.S. Lyngdoh is not an advisor to the party.
“When I go to other countries in the world, they don't know if I say Meghalaya, they know only India but if I say I am from Mawsynram they know because it is the wettest place in the world. " he said.
CP row 12.
Thomas Passah said in a statement sent to reporters.
Shillong, July 09: Police of West Jaintia Hills District today after receiving a tip stopped a bus at Phramer in West Jaintia Hills District and seized the bus. 12 golden biscuits.
This illegal and immoral act of the Government of Meghalaya has affected the land and is unacceptable.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Pynshngianlang Syiem today removed Grace Kharpuri from the post of Executive Member and appointed Bah Marning Mawsor as the EM. CEM of KHADC in the past few months has removed Bah James Sylliang from the post of EM and appointed Bah Donkupar Sumer from the UDP in his place. Telinia Thangkhiew has been appointed as a Minister in the State Government.
So far, T.3,000 crore has been allocated under the JJM for Meghalaya.
In order to be transparent and free from bias, the HYC is ready to discuss this MoU. The HYC is a party that respects the people and the voice of the people. by a public hearing or public hearing on the MoU on the border between Meghalaya and Assam.
The union strongly urges the government to order the AMD to stop leaving Mawthabah immediately, otherwise the union will not refuse to go to this place together with the people of the country to evict and send. The Government should speak clearly and order them to leave the area or empower the union to leave the area.
The meeting was attended by Bah Hek, MLA of Mawsynram, Bah HM Shangpliang and other Rangbah Shnongs of Sawsymper. At this meeting, they also submitted a petition.
Project Cheetah is implemented by the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA).
The total number of votes cast for NOTA was 11008 votes.
Shillong, July 23: The President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) Vincent Pala today expressed his strong opposition to the State Government on the refusal of the district authorities to grant the permission to hold a meeting with the students of the University of Science and Technology Meghalaya in Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: U Bah Himalaya Shangpliang MLA Mawsynram from the Congress party has visited the market to meet with the farmers to listen to their problems. sell them your marrep.
Shillong, June 18: The Additional Deputy Commissioner in charge of Amlarem Civil Sub-Division, Amlarem has announced the auction of cows seized from the border with Bangladesh on the 24th of this month. .
Shillong, Naitung 16: The AYWO in a statement sent today said that the office bearers of the AYWO have been charged with an FIR against the horticulture officials in South Garo Hills. RTI regarding the schemes implemented in the District.
Three persons were killed in the incident.
Shillong, Nailur, 05: The first edition of the Play to Learn Summit was held in Shillong on Tuesday to highlight the important role of play in building the whole life of children.
Shillong, Naiwieng 03: A special team under the leadership of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today appointed by the Government to oversee the preparation of documents regarding the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of Meghalaya, year 2022.
He urged Members to take this forward.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: The MeCL Progressive Workers Union (MPWU) today held a strike at Lumjingshai to demand the rights of the MeECL. the rights they deserve.
In his complaint to the police, Bah Rani did not name anyone but said that they were criminals when they went to his newly built house to rob them. the wall of the house.
The contractors in Nongtynger and Nongbah Jarim have completed their work but MeECL has not yet provided electricity to these two villages while MeECL has completed the work. say that it is done.
He said that regarding the government's plan to implement in collaboration with the private sector, the Chief Minister said that this has not succeeded because many of the private companies have not been able to reach the goal. The state government has decided to temporarily close down the factory.
: Police of Nongstoin Police Station on Saturday arrested Albertstar Nongphud, 43, who fled the scene after burning down his house, belongings, clothes. and even the school books of their children.
M/s Meghalaya Coke Industries Factory, Nonkynrum, Shallang,M/s Meghalaya India Coke Industries, Kyllon Mathei, Shallang, M/s Mongri Coke, Nonkynrum, M/s Progressive Coke Industries, Swangre, Shallang,M/s Shallang Carbon Industries M/s B.K.Coke, Shallang, M/s H.V.Coke, Kyllon Mathei, Shallang, M/s Sohbar Coke, Kyllon Mathei, Shallang.
They also explained how to avoid it and how to treat it by eating foods if you get diabetes.
The festival is organized annually by the Department of Information and Broadcasting, Government of India in collaboration with the Entertainment Society of Goa, Government of Goa, the host state.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: In commemoration of the victory of Bah Process T Sawkmie as MLA of Mawlai Constituency, the Mary Mount Higher Secondary School, Mawlai Mawtawar, Shillong has honored him at the Mary Mount Higher Secondary School, Mawlai Mawtawar. in a very clean way.
How long that light is, the people are now in darkness.
The KSU urges the NFR to respect the decisions of the state government and KHADC and the KSU will not allow the construction of the railway line. It will not continue even if the government re-establishes its authority as it has done in the past few months.
Leaders of MSSASA Sengkmie including President Aristotle C. Rymbai and General Secretary HM Marbaniang will attend the meeting.
Samla Balawan also explained about the lack of attention of the State Government to resolve the border issue and especially about the reluctance to set up Police Outposts in Block
Shillong, Nailur 09: The Deputy Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Timothy D Shira today announced that the election for the new Speaker of the Legislative Assembly will be held on the 13th of this month. that month was Thursday.
Shillong, Nailur 09: The Deputy Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Timothy D Shira today announced that the election for the new Speaker of the Legislative Assembly will be held on the 13th of this month. that month was Thursday.
The meeting was conducted by Vice-Chairman of NITI Aayog, Rajeev Kumar and Minister in charge of DoNER, Dr Jitendra Singh.
Shillong, July 17: Three persons were injured in an earthquake in Tharia, Umiam, Shillong, on Tuesday. Two people have died and two others are still missing.
This shows that the BJP is on the path of destroying and suppressing the Christian faith without respecting even the greatest day of Christianity.
As the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma has laid the foundation stone for the Government Medical College, the union wants to see that the government should implement this as soon as possible. Engineering college.
After the meeting, a tree planting ceremony was held at the site by the dignitaries who attended the meeting and was also attended by the residents and school children.
The protest was to protest against the central government for not doing anything for six months to bring peace in Manipur which has affected the people.
The Chief Minister praised the cooperation between the Central and State Governments for the development of all sectors in the state.
Jowai, Naiwieng 27: The All Jaintia Youth Welfare Organization (AJYWO) today met with the CEM, JHADC to discuss the issue of Trading License and Non-Tribal Employees Service License in Jaintia Hills. , Ma Madonbai Rymbai, along with the submission of a petition to demand the revocation of Trading License and Employment Service License.
The rainfall deficit in Assam this year is 37%, while other states in the North East have received less rainfall this year compared to last year.
Shillong, Lber 25: U Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA of 19-Shillong South on Tuesday donated money to three organizations in the constituency to celebrate Rongali Bihu. Bengals 2022.
And with that empowerment comes the responsibility or responsibility in which the Rangbah Shnong and other Khlieh Nongsynshar shall have clear rules in the administration and judgment of the Shnong, Raij or Hima.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The Meghalaya IAS Officers Association (MIASOA) today expressed its dissatisfaction with the decision of the CBI in the case of KS Kropha. Chief Secretary of the State.
According to information received, Umsaliang and Umsalani villages are the two villages which have been severely affected and a woman named Khuni Killing has been seriously injured. incident and approximately 44 families were affected.
Police have registered a case and investigation is ongoing to find out the cause and also to track down the perpetrators, police said.
Police have seized Night Super vehicles coming from Garo Hills and arrested two persons of Sengseng M. Sangma from Rari, North. Garo Hills and James R. Marak of Williamnagar, East Garo Hills.
In the singles category, Meghalaya won only one gold medal and this too came through the winner of the Amateur division who became the youngest golfer in the state, Jason Passah.
Dilip Kumar Mangar of St. Anthony's Higher School, Shillong and Miniefer Syiemlieh of KJP Girls' Higher Secondary School, Shillong received the Best Scoutmaster and Guide Captain
Shillong, July 14: The Supreme Court of India will hold a special month of Lok Adalat or 'Public Court' from 29th July. 2024 until August 3,
According to sources, the college will start rallying in front of the college at 10 pm and from there they will march to the office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills. Hills District.
Regarding this incident, the government is aware of everything that happened, on the other hand, the Congress leader said that she cannot say anything and it is up to the government to do whatever is necessary. .
The EMI should be paid only up to the sixth installment.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: Police have received a tip that Rachel Niangboi, 38, of Thembasuk, Block-F-Madanryting, has been arrested on suspicion of possession of drugs. drink is not bad.
Other government officials who visited Agnes to express their condolences include Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma, Government Ministers, Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly Dr Mukul Sangma. Try.
On the 23rd, all the members of the party will attend to elect the new office bearers.
The percentage of women police officers in India is only 7.10%.
Hek said there has been a delay in the implementation of the first phase of MHIS and the second phase of MHIS as well.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: The Cabinet meeting held today approved the request of the Governor of Meghalaya, Ganga Prasad to appoint Dr Manuj Sadhuar as the Officer on Special Duty (OSD) in the State. Royal House Shillong.
The Pule Puthi Department has sent it to the district administration.
As part of the celebration, KSU leaders including former leaders laid flowers at the monument and held a moment of silence in honor of those members of the KSU who died in struggle to protect the nation.
Furthermore, the WHO Collaborating Center will support Member States to develop research methods on traditional health systems.
Shillong, March 09: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong today convened a meeting to prepare for the polling day for the mid-term MLA elections in the 26-Shella Constituency. on the 21st of this month.
The summit of 44 countries will start on the 25th of August and end on the 28th of the same month.
Furthermore, the union has also informed the Director that Rangthong PHC should be opened and placed under Rangthong PHC as it is a village which is only 10 kms away as it will be difficult for the people to travel to Ranikor. distance up to 50kms.
At this meeting, the Chief Minister talked to the Village Authorities and answered the questions of the Village Authorities on what they wanted to know regarding the construction to beautify Shillong.
Suo Risaiba Laloo, a student of Synod College, Meghalaya, who has received the 100 NCC PM Rally will be held at Cariappa Parade Ground, New Delhi on 28th July
After being seen by the people, he was taken to Jorhat Military Hospital in Assam where he died today inside the hospital. There is no evidence to suggest that this incident occurred.
Shillong, Iaiong 10: The Tea Board of the Union Government has held a meeting in Shillong to discuss the needs of smallholder farmers in Meghalaya, how to produce tea. There is no medicine in this state.
Shillong, July 24: U John F Rymbai, President of the Meghalaya People's Coal Traders Welfare Organization (NEOO), on Tuesday said that according to the price received from Coal India Limited, according to the documents he has, he knows how much they pay. Energy Relief Fund, Cess, GST” and others but it does not fall with the sale of shallans.
Referring to the Dawki Bridge, the Minister said that this bridge is very important for Meghalaya and the Central Government will soon take a decision on this bridge. to unite Meghalaya with Bangladesh.
Therefore, in connection with this 25th Kiew Pyneh Rngiew, the Lum Sohpetbneng Committee would like to distribute and disseminate the message to the Khasi people across the land of Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum Hynniaw Wasa. The rules and regulations, so that the Kiew Eh Rngiew public on that day will be smooth and orderly.
Its time and actions show that Assam itself has no responsibility for our people and it cannot be said that the Khasi Pnar people want to join Jaintia Hills.
"Bah Sawkmie has encouraged the family who opened this park resort, especially one of the young men of the family who looks after this park, Bah Vincent Laloo and other young people who work. with him, that they may be industrious.
The meeting will also be attended by the leading leaders of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar Jaintia Hills, East Zone to strengthen the department and its office bearers and also to give speeches and encouragement in relation to the good. The Kur Dkhar as a whole in the Circle and in the Jaintia Hills as a whole.
This is a shame to the state and the government as a whole that the perpetrator in the constituency of the Chief Minister has not been arrested.
Due to lack of measures and investment from the Central Government Reports show that the release of funds by the Central Government to the fisheries sector has decreased to T 3682 crore since independence till 2014 the fisheries sector in India are despised.
This will create employment opportunities for about 14,000 youth in the rural areas and these youth will also work to strengthen income generation in the rural areas and service opportunities in the villages.
"We must unite everyone and empower them for their responsibility to the world," he said.
Giri Prasad M, Superintendent of Police, Ri-Bhoi District, has been transferred to the post of Superintendent of Police, Khliehriat.
In a statement sent today, he said that the state has passed 50 years, but it has not yet got its leaders or has a strong law to protect the future.
On this day, there were many games to entertain those who came to take part in this celebration.
The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) under the leadership of its President Bah Bandari Ryntathiang today held a meeting to discuss the issue of foreign traders in Byrnihat, Baridua, Khanapara, Umroi Cantonment and other areas. They met with the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem to ban foreign traders in Ri Bhoi District.
In a letter written by the two leaders, they said that their visit to the KHADC is for the smooth running of the KHADC which has been delayed for the past two months. Answering a question regarding Grace Mary Kharpuri, Bah Latiplang said that if she comes to support the UDF, They are ready to welcome her, but she will no longer be the Dy Chief Executive Member because she has rejected this proposal as a letter has been sent to the Governor.
Later, the Minister held a meeting with senior officials of the Meghalaya government.
This incident has also brought grief to the hearts of various ethnic groups and groups who have expressed their feelings in various ways and means across the country in the past few days.
In East Khasi Hills, the event will be held on the 18th and 19th of this month at the So So Tham Auditorium Hall, State Central Library, Shillong. come police.
The construction and maintenance of these water pipes started in November last year and will take only about 10 months to complete. the inhabitants of the Barato area.
Other speakers at the meeting were Deputy Chief Minister Rowell Lyngdoh, Rangsakuna MLA Adolf Lu Hitlar R Marak and many other dignitaries.
After the draw, Shillong Lajong tried hard to take the lead again and had several chances but all of them did not succeed for Lajong.
Finally, the party would like to congratulate the people of the country for the wisdom of electing such leaders on the 9th of this month who will look after the welfare of the people. the public.
This group was led by Samla N.Sutnga (Org.
He recalled that in 2010, Ranikor village had witnessed the death of dohum fish in the Kynshi River in Ranikor village. cannot survive because the pollution of the river is too much.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: BSF troops on Saturday night seized 1025 bottles of Phensedyl while smugglers were trying to smuggle it into Bangladesh from West Jaintia Hills District.
He urged that this attitude should be changed immediately and that we should be proud to speak our own language.
“We also included this issue in the Election Manifesto in the last election and after that we held about 12-13 meetings to discuss how to comment on the Reservation Policy which has not been reviewed yet. years," Dr. Jemino said.
In another incident, in Rilbong, the State Disaster Response Team led by Sub Inspector SDkhar, in collaboration with the Forest Department, cut down trees which endangered the lives of people.
The purchase of goods from factories produced in the state has been low in the past but the purchase is 10%.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The Meghalaya Government today announced that the Government has allowed government employees to attend the funeral of Father Sylvanus Sngi Lyngdoh tomorrow morning.
At present, Meghalaya is a state struggling to grow.
Shillong, Nailar, 20: The Minister of Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri, today visited Khatsawphra College in Mairang where she took part in the tree planting ceremony with the students of the college. ground floor of this institution.
He expressed his hope for the Riangdo-Bamil road and directed to request for the upgrading of the Riangdo CHC.
The BSF has also seized 375 bottles of Phensedyl from East Khasi Hills District. The BSF has also seized 375 bottles of Phensedyl from East Khasi Hills District.
There are 498 recoveries including 8 recoveries today. The number of samples sent for testing is 41,734, the number of negative samples is 39,7 The results are 834 results.
Since 1992, as the Rangbah Shnong said, we have had a PHC but only because of politics we have lost this PHC,” said Bah Hek. forget politics and any development that comes anywhere in any place forget politics and if you bring politics at that time and it is not only a loss of money but it will be a knowledge of I'm all right, said Bah Hek.
The Chief Minister said in the House today that for schemes implemented by the state government, there will be no Aadhaar, but for central government schemes, Aadhaar will be required. The Chief Minister said that as the school children's allowance, this is not a scheme of the state government but a scheme of the central government.
Customs customs, society.
The President of India said that the government cannot spend the money without the approval of the Legislative Assembly, either in the Budget Session or by a special budget.
Regarding the formation of the Executive Committee, he said that this will be done within a month, after consultation with the MDCs. The members of the EC will be sent to the Governor for approval.
The Deputy Commissioner has announced that the health workers are allowed to enter these villages only through the information and permission of the Block Development Officer in charge. If anyone violates, they will be punished according to the law.
“We request the state government to include the domestic workers according to the minimum wages board and also to include us in various schemes of the state government. “The price of these necessities has increased from time to time,” said Ebina Nongkhlaw.
Shillong, Naitung 28: Two days after the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) passed the Second Amendment Bill, individuals, civil society leaders and others.
“Today I have sent the Magistrate and the Additional Superintendent of Police to investigate whether there is really a smuggling of uranium deposits. “I haven't received the report yet,” said DC Kharkongor.
In the meeting with the Minister, the leaders of the KSU and Samla Shnong said that many of these youths who have become addicted to drugs come from poor families and this has affected their families. within the region.
There is a need to preserve the environment.
Leader of the Opposition Titosstarwel Chyne in his speech said that he supports the Executive Committee's decision to oppose the Uniform Civil Code.
However, after about 25 or 30 loggers turned on the forest staff and destroyed the government vehicle of the forest department by carrying sides and knives. K Marak, was injured and the driver of the vehicle, Ethil Shira, disappeared from the scene and was found the next day with injuries.
What the farmers do in this work is in three parts, To plant trees to produce leaves to feed the Ryndia insects and the third is to produce clothes.
Regarding this incident in Tura, the government has temporarily dismissed two employees and one temporary employee has been dismissed.
Shillong, July 26: The Fourth International Yoga Day was celebrated at Khadsawphra College, West Khasi Hills District today.
The Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, has summoned 40 members of the delegation. Among them, Donboklang Kharlyngdoh, Marbud Dkhar and 5 others have met with the delegation. Prestone to discuss their demand for the report.
The State Government should not rely on the roads, development works and other projects, or rely on the safety of traffic because we cannot control the future of the state. the nation, “Don't worry, you'll be happy”.
When asked where the cows came from, the answer they received was that they came from Marigoan, Jalpaiguri and Khanapara.
Shillong, November 24: The Inspector General of Border Security Force (BSF) Shillong Frontier, Shillong Frontier, IS Rana, today honored four BSF personnel from Meghalaya who participated in the BSF operation. The 1971 Bangladesh War.
Most of the tourists who come to Shillong are from Europe and he said that more foreigners than Maharashtrians in this area and at this meeting he gave The idea is also to make this area a health center in terms of tourism.
It is said that the face of the woman who was killed by the robbers was between 20 and 25 years old.
She said that under the Emergency Covid Relief Package-1, T 25 crore has been allocated to Meghalaya and under the Emergency Covid Relief Package-2, T 117 crore has been allocated.
The CEC of FKJGP has said that the government should build the Mynder Entry & Exit Points by May 2019 as the FKJGP can no longer wait and wait for the entry and exit of Mynder. and Foreign States.
Among the Gallantry Awards winners, 48 ​​are from CRPF, Maharashtra, 25 from J&K Police, 09 from Jharkhand, 07 from Delhi, Chhattisgarh & BSF and all the rest. The Police Medal for Gallantry (PMG) was awarded for outstanding acts of bravery in saving lives and property, or in preventing crime. beainlane the arrest of the thieves.
Expressing his satisfaction with the success of the Rozgar Mela, Sarkar said that this is an initiative taken by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi to create job opportunities for the youth and to ensure the good for the welfare of the inhabitants.
Out of the 14 candidates selected for screening, only three are indigenous or indigenous while 11 are from other non-indigenous communities," the union said in a statement. media on Tuesday.
The G20 Summit also enhanced India's position as the Voice of the Global South.
The Prime Minister's Office said that from time to time, the government is sad to see that some people are unemployed, some want to go to advertise, some want to eat and drink. On the part of the Government, please follow this, because this is the life and death of our state as a whole.
MEGHALAYA HOSTS IKCA SELECTION TRIALS FOR THE CANOE SLALOM WORLD CUP, 2024:  Meghalaya proudly hosted the Indian Kayaking Canoeing Association (IKCA) selection trials at Whitewater Village in Shillong on May 18 and 19.
In a statement sent by the police, they said that from the residence of the suspect, they seized the weapons used in the commission of the crime. He is from Nongrim Hills District.
The meeting of the union with the district council will be on the basis of urging the council as a whole to think Rangbah and not to issue NOC to the NFR which should look after this project.
He turned five decades of differences with the USA into a shirtless alliance in the next five years.
We have pledged to spend more than Rs 3.5 lakh crore on this mission in the coming years.
He said that politics is no longer about T.5000 or T.10,000 or kombor but should elect leaders who are wise enough to develop from side to side to introduce various policies.
He said that they should not go beyond what the law enforcement agencies have already investigated.
Many people have visited the market but the market has not changed and is getting worse with the passing of the days.
The union wants to know who gave permission to these two shops in this area and the union is now looking for RTI to find out the facts. this parking lot these shops don’t have.
Who can borrow money? Local entrepreneurs who are SC, ST or women over 18 years of age.
In the meeting, it was said that in Meghalaya there are about 250 species of plants which can be used for food and which are food that can build the human body, but until now the people in Meghalaya The Khasi Hills have been able to employ only about 30% and the Garo Hills have been able to employ more.
West Khasi Hills 3, South West Khasi Hills 1, Ri Bhoi 103, West Jaintia Hills 4, East Jiantia Hills 6, West Garo Hills 189, South West Garo Hills 4, South Garo Hills 2 and North Garo Hills
At present, the implementation of the 100 days bill in the state is one of the best in the state due to the collaboration with the IBDPL and MGNREGS. which is related to the live stock mission.
According to the rule issued on 12th September, 2016, the owners of mines, who take over the mines under section 6 of the rule, are required to apply for a mining lease. by furnishing the documents as prescribed under these rules.
Many who knew about the existence of this animal went to see it because it was rarely seen.
Shillong, March 18: U Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Cabinet Minister on Tuesday said that everyone is aware that there is a law of the Central Government which was passed in Street Vending Act, 2014, the State Government has passed the rules in
Anthony Sumer was confirmed as the President, Vice President, General Secretary.
Shillong, November 22: The Government has released funds for two months to pay the salaries of the employees of the GHADC, Dr Vijay Kumar today said. Speaking to SP News Agency, Dr Vijay said that the funds have been released to pay the salaries of the employees of GHADC. the salaries of the employees for two months.
The final match was attended by the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma and the Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs, Bah Shakliar Warjri.
Women's Police Stations have also been set up.
During the meeting, they discussed how to disseminate information regarding Meghalaya and the broader role of the media in the state and their role in providing services to the people.
Bah Bashan Lyngdoh Mawnai General Secretary, u Bah Bashan Lyngdoh Mawnai, has warned all the health departments, who refuse to provide treatment to the sick people at these times, because the sick people have their rights. to health care through the fundamental right of the Constitution of India.
Avinash Ruidas, Adil Khan, Keenan Almeida, Romeo Fernandes, Demjit Majundar, Sandip Nandy, Methab Hussain, Rahu Gaikwad, Michael Chopra, Gurjinder Kumar, Gurwinder Singh, Baljit Sahini, Jayesh Rane, Kean Lewis, Abhishek Das, and Siddhartha Bhatacharya.
The VPP MLA's demand came after a clash between the Harijans and Khasi after they were shot and refused to pay the money they had paid at the Police Station.
It is to be recalled that the Kurs of Kharbyngar, Buam, Nongkhlaw and Mukhim have qualified for the fourth round.
The KSU said that the unemployment rate in Meghalaya is excessive and this is also the case in the North Eastern States. The NEEPCO office is located in the North East. Why should the examinations be held outside the North East?
This government is now trying to mislead what should be strongly opposed by the people of the state.
There are 43 recoveries in East Khasi Hills, 36 cases in West Garo Hills and 7 cases in West Garo Hills. There are 83439 cases in the state so far.
CEC Rajiv Kumar in his speech, stressed the Commission's commitment to have a fair, orderly election, free from violence and incitement of people in inappropriate ways, and He urged all those involved in this process to work together to maintain the dignity of the electoral process and ensure a fair contest.
We demand that the government should not improve its work.
The District Magistrate has also directed the residents of the District that any school owners who burn trees should build places to prevent the spread of fire to other forest areas. shrah.
The purpose of this meeting was to introduce some issues of new laws related to illegal activities and to hold discussions through technical meetings and questions and answers.
Regarding the PWD in charge of housing construction, the government has decided to appoint a person who has the necessary knowledge to be an engineer. that agreement between the drawing company and the contractor employed by the government will do what is necessary.
He said that when they went to collect the ration every month from the ration shops, when they asked the distributors when they would get the ration, the answer they received was no. This is the answer given by the people who do not have ration cards.
Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, MLA of this constituency in his speech said that as a leader from this constituency and the area he has to work together to develop it in many ways.
Shillong, July 18: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today launched a document entitled “Laws to Protect the Rights of the Country”. in this book there are 15 matters.
The party would like to express its gratitude and appreciation for your willingness to listen to the issues of the people.
A total of 18037 samples have been taken, 17741 negative, 250 awaiting results, 42 recovered, 47 positive and 4 in critical condition. There were 18358 people.
On the other hand, the Border Security Force (BSF) and Bangladesh have been strengthening their border patrols to fight against these smuggling activities not only of cattle.
It is worth mentioning that this event was held since the Shad Day of the village on the 19th of this month.
Shillong, Lber 31: The Khasi film 9-Lad, which has attracted many viewers, will continue to be screened for another day from Tuesday to Friday. I'm going to Bijou Cinema.
Bah Shylla in this dorbar today announced that he will award prizes to those who have more than 15 children.
On this occasion, Sangeeta Sharma of Club Patanjali Yoga Committee Shillong at Police Bazaar attended the YOGA.
There are 19 recoveries in East Khasi Hills, 34 cases in East Khasi Hills, 1 case in Ri Bhoi, 3 cases in South Garo Hills and 4 cases in West Garo Hills. and West Jaintia Hills
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong confirmed that there has been a promise in this disaster.
He said the government should have a commission of inquiry into the purchase of tin sop iing.
When asked whether they have discussed the appointment of ministers from the PDF party, Banteidor said that they have not discussed anything but there is an understanding within the party. three MLAs of the party.
This time more women voters than men.
On this occasion, a cash prize of T.5000/- and certificates were distributed.
The most interesting part of the day was the competition from the soh mynken competition, which was held at Wards Lake where many people came to watch the competition. change.
I believe that this mission will pave the way for the eradication of sickle cell anemia by 2047, ensure the survival of the rural communities of India who have saved the country's heritage.
Shillong, Naiweing 28: The Federation of All School Teachers of Meghalaya (FASTOM) has been formed by the teachers of Meghalaya from lower primary to higher secondary schools. in the state.
At the meeting, the commission agreed that if SI RA Sangma is found, he should be brought before the commission within the 4th of this month for investigation.
The death toll has risen to 11 from East Garo Hills, 1 from East Khasi Hills, 7 from Ri Bhoi and 1 from West Jaintia Hills. to 1073 people.
Police said that all these persons were injured in various incidents in Shillong.
Samla Pius Marwein, President of Langkynma Unit, in a statement, said that the union strongly condemns this Third Class of MeECL. “Meghalaya Energy Corruption Limited” because even the light goes out and no one repairs it, the bill light is charged exactly, this is exactly like stealing the money of the people.
The Director of Sanker Dr Syiem said that the increase in suicides is very high and in the North East of India it is still very low. however, people should be made aware that they should be taught that they can avoid this way of thinking.
Officers in the workplace have also been directed to maintain the roads from time to time when there is a shortage of roads.
Phillips sent a message to the mother of the engineer who has been missing for several months saying that her son is in his hands and if If you pay this money as a ransom, your son will be released.
The Micro, Small and Medium Enterprise Development Institute, Guwahati was established in 1958 to develop small scale enterprises in the states of Assam, Meghalaya and Arunachal Pradesh through six workshops. They are located in Tezpur, Silchar, Diphu, Itanagar, Shillong and Tura.
They also expressed their happiness to see that they have been welcomed by different ethnic groups in their own culture.
To resolve the dispute between Bah Lessly Shylla, the owner of the hotel and the MTDC, the Corporation has appointed a retired judge of the Guwahati High Court, Justice BK Sharma Bay. The hearing of these two cases, Bah Lessly Shylla and Bah Lessly Shylla and Bah Lessly Shylla. The social agreement between Bah Lessly Shylla and Bah Lessly Shylla to lease the Hotel at Khyndailad was signed in The agreement was that he should complete the work within one year, but for unavoidable reasons, the MTDC has given him more time to complete the work but he has not been able to complete it. This has prompted the MTDC to appoint an Arbitrator.
Police arrested them and fined them Rs 5,000 and revoked their driving license for six months.
The woman has already received permission from the Chief Superintendent of Police (DGP) to come and provide assistance to the prisoners inside the Shillong District Jail.
They urged the government to give them back their jobs otherwise they will not hesitate to protest.
The EMRI Workers Union today decided that if the government does not do anything, they will immediately stop the work of EMRI in Meghalaya and demanded that the government should remove the GVK. Meghalaya company operates 108 ambulances EMRI.
After this, the union lodged a complaint with the OC of Beat House Anjalee Cantonment.
This action of the government is a change of spirit of the people especially in South West Khasi Hills District where the people have to endure the closure of markets or the curfew just to avoid the corona virus. .
Shillong, Naiwieng: Answering a question by Grace Mary Kharpuri on whether there is a payment of medical bills for the employees of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), the CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) said: said they didn’t pay because she didn’t have the money.
Speaking to reporters, John F Kharshiing said that during the visit of the MSOA to West Jaintia Hills, the 6th Meghalaya Games will be held in West Jaintia Hills. District Sports Officers, Engineers of the Sports Department.
Shillong, November 11: Chief Leader of the All India Trinamool Congress (ANC) Mamata Banerjee today arrived in Meghalaya for the first time. Umroi, Ri Bhoi District.
Bah H.Nongpluhu said that RTI is one of the most empowering laws and said that the mindset of the Public Information Officer (PIO) is important and also that they should work immediately to provide He said that more such programs should be conducted to provide more information about the Act.
Shillong, July 16: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the peace talks with the HNLC will go smoothly and the government wants to have lasting peace in the state.
Former leaders of the HSPDP were also present to mark the occasion.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: Members of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYM) today turned to the Secretariat to demand that the government should help the poor families due to the dam closure. for they have not received the bill.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has conducted an investigation as this period falls under the jurisdiction of the MCC. The seizure of these two places in SWGH District has exceeded the limits.
This is evident from the support he has received even after he is no longer an MLA, however, the support and love from the people shows what kind of leader he is,” said Conrad.
Speaking at the meeting, u Bah Metbah said that despite many difficulties, the school has been running for 40 years even though there was only one student. The school was established in 2008 and now has 300 students.
This order shall come into force immediately.
Citizenship of India is mentioned only in Part II and Articles 5-11 of the Constitution.
On the other hand, after the arrest of the two leaders of the party, HANM has vowed that the government should release them within 48 hours or they will go to the Secretariat.
We have seen through social media that the Ministers of the MDA government who have been in power for the past five years have been praying and praying that they will win the 2023 elections peacefully but the social media Many media outlets do not accept the anti-incumbency waves of the MDA government.
He said that the residents of the area want BSNL to complete the tower which has been standing for three years. to complain to the authorities.
However, it is surprising how the Assam Forest Department has come to use this land.
“He said he hopes that under the leadership of Bah Metbah, the UDP will remain strong in the state.
On the other hand, the HNLC, which has been illegally recognized by the HNLC government, said that at this time, there will be no more attempts to disrupt this issue by the MUA-II government. When the MUA-II government was established, it was seen that there were many investigation teams appointed by the government, such as the death of Full Moon Dkhar, the shooting in Mookhep Jaintia Hills, the death of Ajaju. The Political Secretary of the ANVC and others have not reached anywhere.
A truck number AS01 EC 8291 has suddenly collapsed at 9:00 pm while a truck number AS01 EC 8291 was passing through the road. this is the bridge.
According to these youths, Bah B Thabah, Bah G.Jharjana, Bah B Thabah and Bah B Mawlong, the actions of these two youths have shown that there is a serious corruption in the scheme. They have given six months to the state government to punish these people and to appoint a team of inquiry.
One after another law will kill the people of Hynniewtrep, even if the Dorbar of Chief Executive Members passes Article 370 like in Kashmir but know that J&K has not escaped yet from the law that violates human rights Person through the AFSPA (Armed Forces Special Powers Act 1958).
He said they are waiting for an invitation from the Ministry of Home Affairs to discuss the border demarcation again this month or in the first month of June.
The Minister explained that the reason why the elderly have not received their pension through the National Old Age Pension Schemes is because they do not have enough bank accounts, IFSC codes and account holders inside the country. office.
Shillong, July 9: The Secretary of the Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) has written to the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya to send an inquiry into the death of a mother at Dangngar PHC. report shall be submitted to the Commission.
Police have searched the drivers of motorcycles without licenses, motorcycles with modified silencers and especially those with homemade number plates. The Shillong Traffic Police (STP) has urged the drivers of two wheelers to be careful while driving and not to violate the rules of Motor Vehicle Act, and they should not stop because the roads in Shillong are very crowded and full of vehicles especially from morning till night.
He said some rules prohibit the import of rubber from Tripura but the same goods are imported through West Bengal.
Others who took part in the motion were Bah TW Chyne, Bah Jambor War, Bah MM Mukhim, Bah RV Lyngdoh who expressed the same feeling on the issue. They also submitted their views to the EC that it is time for the Council to send a letter to the State Government on this issue.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The 30th International AIDS Candle Light Memorial Day was held in Shillong on the 20th of this month at Don Bosco Youth Center Shillong.
The company came to the area with the intention of farming shynrai but started its farming without getting permission from the KHADC authorities. the Hima Mylliem because it is within the boundary of the Hima Mylliem.
We have to take this movement forward with the help through civil society strategies, goals and efforts.
The celebration of this Seng Kut Snem is to commemorate the 16 elders of the past who stood up to protect their Jaidbynriew from the threat of the storm. and began to destroy even the roots of the beliefs of the Jaidbynriew.
The name of the airport is a tribute to the ancient Sun ('Donyi') and Moon ('Polo') in Arunachal Pradesh.
He said that if the government cannot do anything, the union will not be able to do anything to remove these mawpuds which have been planted in Meghalaya which are now about 40 in various parts of the country. of the field.
The President said that the region has many strengths.
To be the leader of the national party and to address the problems and backwardness of the state, especially the rural areas.
To implement this, the government will have to purchase 614.3 lakh tonnes of rice per annum.
The Sur invites all the residents of Jaintia Hills to attend the public meeting to express their strong condemnation to the government on the killing of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkiew. the days are not over.
Prof. Hussain, Head, Department of Technology, expressed his gratitude to NEHU for organizing this meeting. Prof. Vijay K Khanna, Secretary, IAN, different groups have to take part.
North Shillong Voice of the People Party ADELBERT NONGRUM (WINNER).
The students were able to express the facts through a debate on the government's inability to complete the construction of the Kureliya Bridge due to the lack of funds allocated and recalled the struggle of heroes, like Gandhi, for the power of knowledge. ym with money.
In the Rock Band Competition 'STILL STATUS', in the Guitar Instrumental, the group from the State through Jerry Lyngdoh came second and the third prize went to James Papeng. who won the Second Prize in the Young Artist Camp, drawing competition.
The march was attended by Rangbah Shnong, Secretary Shnong, ASHA workers, civil society groups, drivers of the Association of Alto Tourist from Shilliangum Diengiei and Nongpoh, elders of the area, teachers and children. school, together with the residents of Diengiei area and others.
Utilization certificate for released funds are also insisted upon before release of second and subsequent installments.
He was also a supporter of LA Sangma as the NCP candidate from Ranikor Constituency.
“On the one hand, there is the ongoing football tournament, while here we are leading the tournament for development on the football field.
Shillong, November 17: The Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) LG Nongsiej on Tuesday said that they are still receiving a directive from the Governor of Meghalaya when to swear in the newly elected MDCs. Election MDC mid-term.
The Kur Dkhar congratulates the SDO for summoning this foreigner on 28th June, 1919 and for removing his epic card which he named as Jagir Dkhar.
Shillong, June 17: U Bah Kwit Kyrsian, Rangbah Shnong of Kynroh Nonglyer, according to information received from the residents of Kynroh Nonglyer, Shillong, has been arrested. people who live in this village.
For more information please call
The rally was led by the Archbishop of Shillong, Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh, in the presence of the Bishop of Nongstoin, Most Rev. Wilbert Marweiñ, Bishop Elect of Shillong. Bishop Ferdinand Dkhar, Member of the KJP Assembly Western Synod Rev. WC Khongwir, Bishop Purely Lyngdoh, President of the Church of North India (CNI), President of the Meghalaya Christian Leaders Forum (MCLF) Rev. Himanshu Christian, Executive Secretary of the Presbyterian Church of India (PCI), Rev Lalrinkima, Executive Secretary of Achik Baptist Krima XII, Shillong, Pastor R. Jakrikra R. Marak, Bah H. Nongspung who led the ceremony. The Secretary of the Khasi Jaintia Christian Leaders Forum (KJCLF) Rev Dr.E.Kharkongor and others who took part in the prayers on this day.
No one has listened to this but now they understand why we don't have any more power.
The party has submitted a petition on two issues to include the Jaintia song in the anthem and the opposition to the government's plan to introduce a railway in Jaintia Hills.
On the other hand, the KSU Narpuh has lodged a demand with the government to split the Wapung Block by building the Narpuh Block by placing the Block in Lumshnong Village of East Jaintia Hills District.
He said that in institutions like IITs, there will be training in biomedical engineering.
For the benefit of the people, the URBFPA demands that the government should implement this Act so that the farmers can benefit from agriculture, said Bah. FM Mawphniang president.
He said that the previous governments have failed because in the past years they have not done anything on this issue despite having enough time.
New Delhi, Lber 28: Replying to a question by Dr. Kambhampati Haribabu, the Union Minister of State for Home Affairs, Hansraj Gangaram Ahir, said in a written statement in the Lok Sabha today, All State Governments and Union Territories have been directed to increase the number of female police officers to 33 percent of the number of police officers.
The Minister in charge of Education congratulated the Synod for its support to the College so far and understood that the College is dedicated to women. that there should be no such spirit of selfishness in comparison with others.
The party stands firmly to protect the customs and traditions.
You have been awarded the Memorial Award in the name of Bah Rana Kharkongor 2023Bah Daminot J Wankhar, you are the simpah simsong, a kaitor and a duhalia who are renowned for their skills and beautiful voices.
After one year, the cards must be renewed.
“He also refused to comment on whether the government should forgive the wrongdoings of the leaders and members of the HNLC. On Friday, the HNLC sent a letter to the Ministry of Home. Affairs of the Government of India through Advisor (MHA North East) AK Mishra to inform that the party has withdrawn from the peace talks on four grounds which it has already sent to the Government and one of them is the food. reject all complaints against the leaders and members of the party.
“KSU Mawlai circle urges all the owners, contractors and all the citizens to refrain from employing the authorities as this will increase the number of authorities here in our country. It will endanger the country and the nation as a whole, because if the authorities come to our country if they don't get jobs to survive and earn a living they will not be able to stay here in the country. of us," the statement said.
“In my opinion, it may be from the medicines and it may be that they are expensive medicines or maybe they are expired medicines, I don't know whether they are expired medicines. to be cheaper, they may be cheaper companies,” said Titosstarwell.
Those who have not yet received the vaccine have to submit an RT-PCR report every 40 days. Those who violate the rules will be closed.
Speaking to media, the President of the Association, Bah ED Nongsiang said, “Regarding (the decision to introduce NCERT textbooks) I feel it is more appropriate, not to rush.
Together with the religion, customs, traditions, thanksgiving to God the Lord, the Creator, in the dance hall in the ground floor of the Sad House, in Smit, Khyrim Syiemship, will be held. on the 25th of November, 2020 and at this time.
Police from the office of the Superintendent of Police rushed to the gate of the Secretariat to arrest the Tari who came to break in the voice of the residents of Mawlai and took them away from the place.
The bill will be discussed on the 22nd of this month before being passed in the House.
Also present on the occasion were members of the party, the Rangbah Shnong of Umtangling and the President of Ri Bhoi, Bah Apbor Nongrum.
I have received information that this false news was spread in the name of Dr. Mukul Sangma and spread by Mr. Aldo A. Sangma, MDC (Nominated) of the National People's Party and others,” he said. said Marak in the complaint.
: Bindas Syiem, a woman from Mawlong Nongtluh, Ribhoi District, who has been on hunger strike indefinitely at the Parking Lot opposite the Additional Secretariat, Shillong on Tuesday, has withdrawn her hunger strike. and returned home in peace after receiving a written promise from the State Government.
Ad Chef Amparin Lyngdoh, Minister, Justin Dkhar, Stephan Mukhim MLA, HG Lyngdoh, SP West Jaintia Hills, P.S.Dkhar.
People from neighboring states like Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland, Meghalaya, Manipur and Mizoram will also benefit from these projects, he said.
The reason for the visit was to leave NEHU as an official for the Inter University Football Tournament, where Nantu Das allegedly took advantage and forcibly entered the tournament. in the room where you stay.
This group is not only for treatment but also for research on eye diseases and at the same time to teach people how to take care of themselves.
Shillong, July 11: Two new cases of COVD-19 have been confirmed in Ri Bhoi District, bringing the total number of cases in the state to mytna is the day.
The union also urged the government to prepare to open a training center for GNM Nurses in Nongstoin as the construction of the house is nearing completion as well as a maternity and child health centre.
Shillong, Nailur 06: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the JHADC, Bah Thombor Shiwat, from the Congress party, has accused the Chief Minister of torturing the employees of the JHADC. The D.O Letter has been issued for 10 months when the JHADC has received its share of the revenue from the land.
In her speech, Roshan Warjri, Minister of State for Legal Affairs, said that the laying of the foundation stone today is another milestone in the development of the country. part of the village and the Mairang area.
There are 2422 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 184 cases in East Khasi Hills, 1 case in Ri Bhoi, 1 case in South Garo Hills, 3 cases in South West Garo Hills. Garo Hills 10, West Jaintia Hills 6 people.
From time to time, the Seng has written letters to the authorities to complain about the situation in this area which has been filled with illegal liquor shops along the NH-4 Samla Niwasly Rymbai said that the reason for the encouragement of the youth, school children and even women children to join in this scourge of evil in the society and the villages is to stir up the minds of Samla Niwasly Rymbai. message.
The Court took this decision after hearing PIL No.2/2022 regarding Suo Motu's complaint on illegal coal mining in the state.
Speaking to reporters after being questioned by the police for about three hours, the Laitumkhrah police have charged him with seven charges against him.
The Lyngdoh Sad also urged to pray for the brothers and sisters who were injured in the overturning of the vehicle at Mawrngkneng while they were coming to the procession for their recovery.
The KHADC office will sign a soskular with the group to manage the land and the District Council will have an estimated income of about T.6 lakh per annum.
Speaking to reporters after filing the nomination paper, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit said that the filing of the nomination paper is to send a message to the Congress party. It should be remembered that this is a state of tribals and the post of speaker should be held by a tribal.
The District Administration will bring in skilled teachers to provide training in the field of computers.
This is essential because many developing countries, in the past, have suffered greatly due to the introduction of ‘bad policies’ or policies that are not suitable for institutions.
Modi believes that even if the BJP does not win in Meghalaya, it will win 10 times. NPP as an ally in the NDA government in Delhi and one of the biggest supporters of the NEDA in the North East, that's enough for him and the BJP. which they have done for the past five years.
Unicode activities compatible with Indian languages ​​for computers and mobile devices, online promotion of quarterly reports and Official Language Rules along with other activities related to Hindi.
The War Jaintia Linestone Exporters Association (WSAE) has recently refused to repair the road from Lad Jamari to Muktapur.
Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh of the INC from East Shillong Constituency has filed her nomination papers today.
Out of the 53 Hima/Elaka in Ri Khasi and in the 19 Elaka in Jaintia Hills, there are still many Hima/Elaka who hold fast to these customs and traditions. but in these too only those children of the thousands of that Hima/Elaka.
Shillong, July 15: The North Eastern Hills University on Tuesday announced the final results of the B.Com Honors & Pass Final. ) which is the final for 2016 where the examination was held in June this year.
The Chief Ministers reminded the Chief Minister that during the NDA Government, the NCRWC Commission, tried to reconcile the IOA & AA by offering the Syiems, Dolloi and Nokma 5 MDC seats. but the Dorbar of Chief Executive Members has expressed that according to the IOA & AA, they should have their own Federal or Regional Council, separately non-party for the purpose of the leaders of the Village Dorbars, Raid Dorbars and Hima Dorbars.
For the first time, the KSU Mynriang Unit has donated tin san ban and before handing over the donation, a short meeting was held by the General Secretary of the KSU Mynriang Unit. Samla Khienkor Kharngi General Secretary KSU Mawryngkneng Circle gave a speech and the last speech was delivered by Samla Vincent. Makri Member (CEC).
Shillong, June 20: U Governor of Meghalaya, Banwarilal Purohit today honored Oinam Doren at Raj Bhavan Shillong for the production of the song “My Name is Eeoow”.
5G technology will help connect billions of Internet of Things devices, paving the way for better service offerings through better video and the delivery of essential services such as telesurgeryand better vehicles in along with other activities.
According to the estimate, the robbery of his house amounted to T.5.20 lakh, 3 lakh cash and 2 lakh 20,000 gold.
In this meeting with the journalists, all the nine villages have sent their village officials to attend.
The Union would like to thank all those who took part in this programme, the performers of Khasi traditional Khasi dance from Bah Wostar Wanniang, K Langrin and R Syiem (Bah Pdok) and especially to the Office of the Senior Electricity Inspector, Shillong. 1000 pamphlets and 200 posters related to this campaign were distributed to the public on this day and also at other programs held in Nonglang, Nongstoin, Maweit, Rambrai and Mawlangsu. and in Pariong.
In this incident, four and five wagons fell outside the railway tracks, the injured were given adequate treatment, and the survivors were given food and drinking water. The Railway Department has set up the numbers to call for more information.
The Malki Youth Association together with the Dong Lumbalang Youth Association urged the people not to listen to the story of the tyngap but to respect each other.
Shillong, Iaiong 19: The people of 1-Shillong (ST) Parliamentary Constituency today morning turned out to the polling stations to elect the MP to contest the 18th Lok Sabha. the Constituent Assembly of India.
Shillong, Nailar 02: The Indo-Tibetan Border Police Force (ITBPF) has honored Wansuk Myrthong, a Khasi woman who was the first to climb Mount Mangkashang.
Vehicles used for the movement of the people are an important part of everyday life for the development of society which enables people to reach places. education, employment, non-employment relationships that lead to participation in society.
The Minister also informed the House about many schemes that the government will implement for the benefit of agriculture. farmer.
In the school we have run, we teach khap shniuh, we teach thayin mula, we teach suh jaiñ and others. one day they will be able to stand on their own feet when they grow up and they will be able to support their families,” he said.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: The NPP and UDP have prepared for the mid-term MDC elections from Langrin Constituency.
The entire water supply system for Mawiong is from the Umshing River, but many times this water pump breaks down because it is old and cannot be repaired when it breaks down. it takes time to get equipped.
Answering questions, Bah Dkhar said that the main objective to help in providing nutritious food is through the ICDS food distribution scheme which is distributed through the Aganwadi Centers in the villages. and breakfast for the students.
The KSU urges the government to use its powers to fight against drug trafficking instead of searching for its members. The government should provide adequate training facilities for the youth of the state as many of the students are The union makes it clear that the railway line will not be allowed until there are enough security measures to prevent the entry of foreign authorities into the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: U Bah PN Syiem MLA of Mawsynram Constituency, on Tuesday said that the allegation against him of misusing Rs 5 crore is just a political ploy. .
The CBDT has extended the deadline for submission of Form 10A/Form 10AB to July 30, in relation to the provisions of Section 10(23C), Section 12A/Section 80G/ and Section 35 of the Act. the Act.
She said that the issues in front of her to contest this election are because the family of Ms Ampareen has served the people for 27 years and this time. she wants the people to judge her actions and give her the right decision.
The Government has worked tirelessly to ensure that the people do not suffer," he added.
He said that Meghalaya has produced many success stories because the people of this state are intelligent who have brought about many changes in the state and this should be preserved for the development of the state. in the economy.
The government has ordered that all cases of violence against women should be referred to the Fast Tract Court. Anti Human Trafficking unit” in four districts and is currently trying to set up in all districts.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the Deputy Chief Minister, Bah Roipar Kharaswai, he said that they did not accept the reply of the Minister because he had ordered them to meet with the management of the GVK in this state.
Nongpoh, Nailur 05: The Meghalaya Boxing Association (MBO) in collaboration with the Ri Bhoi Boxing Association (MBO) has been able to hold the second round of the State Sub-Junior Championship. I'm going to spend the day.
According to the villagers, these three persons are under 20 years old and this has led them to enter India without proper documents and the authorities. the khappud has aiu.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr Lana E Lyngdoh Nongbri said that the main objective of the National Tobacco Control Program is to reduce tobacco consumption by 48%.
If you don't have this commission, you'll have to do it.
The Behdieñkhlam festival, also known as the 'four days and three nights', included the thanksgiving, the suit and shor, the Siang ka Pha, the Symbood Khnong, The Dolloi of Jowai District, the Langdoh, the Pator and the Waheh Wasan.
He said he hopes that every decision taken here will help in the years to come and empower the future generations.
They want to convince the government that teachers have a serious responsibility to educate children.
Four deaths have been reported from East Jaintia Hills, one from East Jaintia Hills, one from Ri Bhoi and one from West Garo Hills. to 591 people.
Speaking on the occasion, Sharon Massar, from the Faith Foundation, said that the group is working with children, parents and teachers to explain how to protect children from attack.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister said, “Look at what happened before 2010 and after 2010, we should not have too much thinking, we should look at the welfare of He said that there is a lot of shortage of development works in East Garo Hills, South Garo Hills and West Khasi Hills. , South West Khasi Hills.
In 1959, the Kolkatta School of Culture and Language published a book entitled 'The Culture and Heritage of India' in IV volumes. " in this book the speech of the various languages ​​in India and in the North East the Khasi and Assamese languages ​​are mentioned.
The closure of the bank is to search for all those people who have gone to work at the SBI Bank in Khanapara and at the same time to clean up the bank.
The JSU and the village leaders have found that the road which has been completed for only six months has been damaged and destroyed again. The roads are not well built.
Now I have been with Bah Martamlin Pyrbot who has been in the party for a long time and the BJP has been with me for a long time. “We will decide together with our friends what the supporters decide and what we have to respect,” said Michelle Kharsyntiew in an interview with SP News Agency.
New Delhi, Lber 30: The Ministry of Civil Aviation (MoCA) of the Union Government has worked with the State Governments to ensure the delivery of medical supplies and other items required for testing and prevention of COVID-1 19.
At the same time, we would like to ask what MUDA is doing to the area where foreigners live. Does it have the intention to destroy the houses or does it have the intention to destroy them? We feel that this action of the government is fraudulent and it is clear that the MUA Government which everyone calls the Meghalaya United Alliance but we don't call it that anymore but I will call the Mynder United Army because it is clear that the government does not protect the people of the state but attacks the people of the state.
The Mawlai Circle under the leadership of the President and General Secretary of the Mawlai Circle is angry that the Longkmie has been stigmatized just because she came from the containment zone.
The Lumshnong Anti Dacoity Camp Police Officer has investigated the case and sent the case to the Women Cell at Khliehriat Police Station. FIR NO: 143(7)14 and charged David Khongsit under section IPC 354 which relates to violation of dignity of women and the investigation is ongoing.
The union also demanded that the District Administration has taken action to curb the entry of foreigners into the state.
Speaking on the Inner Line Permit, the state government has taken a decision in the House in 2019 but until now it is not known where the decision is. The implementation of the ILP, the inclusion of the Khasi language in the fifth schedule.
The desire of the college to do this for the state of Meghalaya is that in 2012, when he was the president of Dr.APJ Abdul Kalam, he awarded the The college has been awarded the Excellence of Education Award in Ranchi and this has prompted the college to provide special assistance to the students who are in short supply of scientists and engineers.
Shillong, Lber 05: The President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Metbah Lyngdoh today sent a letter to the National People's Party (NPP) Leader Conrad K Sangma to express his support to the NPP to form a new government. .
Another mother, 45 years old, has reported to the police that on 16th July 2017, at about 2 pm, a man identified as Songing, shot and beat her. This happened at Bilselgre village in North Garo Hills District. Police are still searching for him.
Supercare aims to be a pioneer in new treatment methods, solutions and ideas related to health services, and at the same time ensure that the principles of care are our strength .
Shillong, Naitung 14: The Subroto Mukherjee Cup will start in Meghalaya from the 18th of this month and end on the 25th of this month. J.N.S.Complex ground, Polo Ground, Shillong.
Tura, March 03: The Meghalaya Pradesh Youth Congress (MPYC) today held a rally to protest against the murder of a minority woman by Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath. in which they allegedly took his life.
Shillong, Naitung 09: BSF personnel at BOP Jatrakona today arrested Md Amiuddin from Bangladesh for possession of drugs.
The CHC has a shortage of staff according to the demand of the time and also the beds are too short inside the government health center in Mawkyrwat.
The new appointment comes after the Lokpal members of the bench of Justice PK Mohanty and Justice Abhilasha Kumari and a line of members DK Jain, Archana Ramasundaram and Mahender Singh have completed their terms. on October 26,
Shillong, March 3: The 151st Birth Anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi was celebrated at Riti Academy, Shillong on 2nd March, , from the countryside and some from outside the state.
Police are investigating to track down the perpetrators.
Tomorrow is the day when we celebrate the beginning of the Constitution.
The Prime Minister also spoke about the witnessing of more than 24 lakh people in Ayodhya in the past 12 days after the PranPratishtha of the Ram temple.
SBUK and FACES will also be able to promote this drama by inviting them to hold a Drama Festival and other programmes. diverse.
Pangniang said that even the word khalai has affected them badly and on the other hand, the president of the HSPDP party said that this issue regarding the Khalai Act should be put in place first because they don't have not received any writings on the Khalai Act.
Similarly, there have been concerns from various public leaders, both outside and inside the Parliament of the country.
Looking at the shops, we can see food shops and other shops selling a variety of goods and the presence of music, and we congratulate the MGMP for this.
Even if some of them have corona, because they are obedient, the corona ends in their bodies and does not spread to the public.
Dr.Dhiren Ch.
The Rangbah Shnong said that the district authorities of Ri-Bhoi District have also visited the area and have taken the names of all the refugees so that they can provide immediate assistance to the affected refugees. in this tragic incident.
According to B Mawthoh.
From the beginning until now, as the party, we stand firmly on the urgent need to implement the ILP in the state.
The party will not allow anyone to build any building without the permission of the Dorbar Shnong.
According to information received by SP News Agency from the Road Construction Department of the State Government, the PWD has handed over the road to the National Highway Authority of India. by NHAI was issued in the Central Government Notification on November 14, 2012.
The members of this committee include the Additional Chief Electoral Officer, the State and the Chairman of the Board of Directors for the expenditure of the election campaign which will be appointed by the CEO. W Rapheal Warjri, Media Plus, will be a member of the Journalists' Committee and the Joint Chief Electoral Officer will be the Director of Field Publicity, Shillong. to be a member Secretary.
The M.R.D.S was first held in 2010. The M.R.D.S is a guide to the poor and needy. Through this, you can learn about the types of schemes available, it helps to provide employment to the poor. The union is indeed another way to help the people, therefore the people strongly request the Meghalaya government to strengthen this scheme as it is the right of the people.
Therefore, it is widely agreed that apprenticeship, which is also the acquisition of training during the learning process, is the most appropriate path for the transition from education to employment.
The Government will provide assistance of up to 30% of the cost of construction of football grounds and the assistance will end at T.75 lakh.
In the complaint, the union demanded that the BSF should be punished according to the law.
On the first day, the residents of Motphan have joined hands with the government to go to the sample collection center at Motphan. of COVID-1
The Government has also allowed private vehicles except those who do not have a vehicle pass. To do this, it has been handed over to the Deputy Commissioners of the Districts to look into this matter.
During the investigation, the driver of the truck admitted that the truck was carrying diesel fuel and the documents of the vehicle were found in the cabin where the driver was sitting.
PK Dubey, Inspector General, Meghalaya Frontier, has congratulated the BSF troops on the border for seizing so many cows and directed them to increase their patrolling at the border in these days. I'm still coming.
Recognized/affiliated schools from the MBOSE no longer need to take the Pvt Selection Test in the Selection Test of the DSEO office. still in darkness and wondering.
The meeting was held at the Secretariat today in the presence of Chief Secretary DP Wahlang, Deputy Chief Secretary Dr. Shakil P Ahammed and government officials from the Planning Department.
At the same time, he said that the budget is sufficient but the revenue decreases. If the revenue decreases, it is a threat to the council itself. to increase the budget of Art and Culture so that it can be preserved and not changed.
On the other hand, the union today celebrated as "KA SNGI AGAINST URANIUM" because she was one of the leaders in the struggle against uranium mining in the area as a land owner. UCIL has offered to allow uranium mining at its Domiasiat site.
Regarding the private schools which do not receive any financial assistance from the government, these schools will not be able to charge any other fees except the tuition fees. Private schools will have to charge only the tuition fees for these three months.
Brigadier DS SHISHODIA, who led the team, said that these 40 days are important because this training is how to fight against insurgency such as in Miaergong in Sinchuan Province. northern China.
The Yatrakan will be held in all Gram Panchayats (GPs)/Blocks of West Jaintia Hills, East Garo Hills and North Garo Hills districts.
In a letter sent from the Ministry of Home Affairs to the Government of Meghalaya, the Under Secretary said that the Meghalaya Residential Permit Bill, 1973 has been withdrawn because it does not fall under the Seventh Schedule under Article
Shillong, Jymmang 16: Vikram Chetri, 47, of Nongjri village, Shillong, has been admitted to the hospital for treatment. of South West Khasi Hills District.
The Chief Minister said that it is his duty to give an understanding when he hears such news, this is the truth and the question is whether you will work with what they have prepared. I have worked with such people who leave the party after the elections.
Speaking to reporters in the presence of the Minister in charge of IT, Ampareen Lyngdoh, Commissioner of Information Technology and Communication, Meghalaya, DP Wahlang said that and the Internet is because the line is too far to bring it to the NE from the Indian subcontinent.
On arrival at the Mission Compound, the Chief Minister directed the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District to honor the best artists in the field of painting. 50th anniversary of the state.
Welcoming Bah Shangpliang to the NPP, Sangma said, “I hope that we will be able to benefit greatly from the joining of Bah Shangpliang as a leader and his supporters. you party.
The KSU said that the Khasi will never want to give up even an inch of land, no matter how far it goes.
“On the same day, the VP together with (Dr.) Sudesh Dhankhar visited the Maa Kamakhyaha shrine in Guwahati.
There were also women who took part in the drum competition. Before the start of the drum competition, there was a request from the parents of the area to organize the competition. try Drum.
Shillong, Naiweing 16: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today sent a letter to the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, KS Kropha demanding that he should not appoint Brig WJB Surgeon as the Director of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC). by Sainik Welfare Board.
This new car produced by Maruti is a cargo vehicle, with the availability of this car now people have been able to choose and compare among the cargo cars which is the best and with the arrival of this car the vehicle the public has learned to choose.
He will be replaced by Sylvester Nongtnger (IPS) who was formerly the SP of East Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, March 14: The Border Security Force (BSF) of the 172 Battalion Meghalaya on Tuesday foiled an attempt by robbers to smuggle 56 cows from the border of Meghalaya within 48 hours. went away.
Shillong, Naitung 10: U Bah Pyniaid Singh Syiem, CEM of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today announced that the council has given until the 15th of this month the deadline for the elections. The Syiem of Sohra Hima to take back the Dulir and Pata land which has been given to foreigners in Majai and to return it to the Council or to destroy the Dulir Pata before the Council.
On the other hand, Bah G.Hynniewta did not ask for support during the rally as the party's leader but on the other hand, he said that if the people want a major change, they need to look into who the candidate is. to contest the election to be elected as an MLA in the upcoming 2023 elections.
The NSS Unit has conducted many programs including Socio-Economic Survey, Free Comprehensive Eye and Diabetic Retinopathy Screening Camp in collaboration with Bansara Eye Care, Jowai Branch, Village Cleanliness, Awareness. program and more.
Rajeev Chandrasekhar will also meet the Secretary, Skill Development, Meghalaya and discuss the skill development programs launched in the state.
Shillong, Lber 16: The North East Slow Food and Agribiodiversity Society (NESFAS) today held a ceremony to honor the producer of rice from Meghalaya at its office in Lait Umkhrah Shillong. .
“These dilapidated houses will be demolished and rebuilt as well as a parking lot to be built to accommodate these vehicles that still have police station cases which have been parked on the side of the road.
The First Army of the AR won six battles in the Second World War at Buram, the third battle after India gained independence was the Battle of J&K 1947-48 in the Keri Sector. .
The union strongly condemns the government on this day for its inability to ensure that mothers and children are safe in all aspects.
Regarding the readiness of the people to fill up petrol and stand in line at petrol pumps, Pravin Bakshi said, “What has been discussed today has reached an understanding and should not be There is no misunderstanding among the people because of the abundance of umphñiang in the state and through this meeting, an agreement was reached in which the Union also decided to end the strike.
The NF Railway said that the schedule of the train has been posted by the IRTC and the public is requested to check the schedule as announced in the media.
Thombor Shiwat (INC), 5 and Head Symblai (HSPDP),
The infected persons were eating food at the Golden Jubilee celebration of Sohiong Presbyterian Secondary School.
It was approved in the House in the March budget, during the tenure of CEM Titosstarwell Chyne and EM Market Incharge Grace Marry Kharpuri.
There will also be meetings held in various parts of the Mawthadrashan constituency to explain the party's objectives.
Last year, the BJP government had declared this date as Good Governance Day and ordered all offices to remain open for 10 days.
The CSWO said that the arrested person was covered in blood and when he went to the field he was covered in blood.
He also criticized the MLA for beating the photographer, which is another reason for the attack on journalists.
Shillong, March 23: The Rangbah Shnong of Lumdaitkhla, Bhoirymbong, Bah ST Rympei in a meeting with the media, said that he should get an explanation and apology from Purity Phawa, President of Lumdaitkhla, Bhoirymbong. Saindur, Tipkurtipkha, STIEH.
Even those who have enough income are worried about the lack of food and beverages in the shops.
Shillong, July 20: The Dorbar of Chiefs of Hynniewtrep Hills District has expressed its strong opposition to the threats against the Chiefs from Village, Raid to Hima, which appeared in the Khasi newspapers on 17th June On the other hand, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, MLA & MDC, CEM KHADC, who leads the ARPA (UDP, HSPDP and KHNAM), said that the HSPDP and his group are now in power in the KHADC. The phrase 'I will find out which Hima/Elaka have joined hands with Bah John' reminds us of the saying of the scholars that 'we shall know the foundation of a man only when he is in power'
Speaking to reporters, Samuel Buiam, Marbud Dkhar and Donboklang Kharlyngdoh after the meeting with the Chief Minister said that the meeting with the Chief Minister today has brought many other demands. buh has received them.
Shillong, Nailur 03: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today launched the E-pay Roll for the employees of the Meghalaya government.
The Asam post is also the road where the residents of the area come and go and especially the road for the students of Nepali Sahayogi Sec, School which has been established since 1963.
The diet should also be temporarily cautious as the people have learned to avoid clothes imported from China or Bangladesh, so should the blood of any animal.
Biki Datta of Assam and Jonathan Iawphniaw of Meghalaya came second.
The awards were presented by DCA Minister HDR Lyngdoh.
India expects to see exports exceed US $ 400 billion by
“We must move forward with the country in mind.
The opening ceremony was attended by Dada Khongsit as the Chief Guest and Symbud Chief Guest, Bah WR Khongsit.
Shillong: The Meghalaya People's Labor Union (MPLU) today met with the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem to complain about the lack of employees at the Export Promotion Industrial Park (EPIP) in Ri Bhoi. The district does not have the necessary documents.
One of the most important parts of the durim that was covered with stones was the horses.
This inspection is the middle of the dorbar hall, the upper part and the lower part as the report is adequate, the report says that the dorbar hall is clean, in this report they also mention the cause of the collapse of the Dome.
The driver of the vehicle, Vaipei, said that he was leaving Motphran with four passengers when the vehicle caught fire.
Meanwhile, the dialysis treatment has helped those with kidney diseases which has raised T 500 crore.
The Detailed Project Report (DPR) was approved by the State Project Monitoring Unit on 21st November, 2020 and the project was released to the public on 18th October,
However, the sudden arrest of a member of the party from North Khasi Hills shows that the government intends to use force against the members of the party when they demand any rights of the Khasi people.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner urged all those who witnessed the program to look at and recognize the residents with disabilities through their special abilities and not through their disabilities.
Shillong, Nailur 29: Three persons from West Garo Hills District have tested positive for COVID-19 today, bringing the total number of cases in West Garo Hills District to
In Nongstoin, a search was conducted at the workplace.
There have been 19 deaths today, 16 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from West Khasi Hills, 1 from South West Khasi Hills and 1 from West Garo Hills. 320 people.
During the meeting, Dr Jitendra recalled that the 22nd National Conference was held in Shillong and decisions were taken at the two-day meeting.
“Those involved in the group against the Sordar are only one or two but not all the villagers,” said Bah Lumjingsuk Nongspung, Rangbah Shnong of Lumrit.
E Lyngdh, Director in charge of electricity generation, said.
The meeting is scheduled to be held on the 6th of this month.
On the other hand, the BJP in Meghalaya has said that the people of Meghalaya want to remove the Congress party from power and the people have seen the BJP as one of the political parties that can Narendra Bhai Modi who will be the prime ministerial candidate of the country.
Furthermore, as these three villages now fall under the Sub Center Mawpud, it is very difficult for the people to come and go because they have to walk for 3 or 4 hours. The Nongkynbah Health Sub Center should be opened immediately so that the problems faced by the people can be addressed.
The competition was held on 18th November 2021 through an online platform for the use of Information Technology in the working methods which is a means of assisting farmers in agriculture in India.
On the other hand, the opposition leader alleged that the government has not done anything to protect the people on the border and it is due to the government's lack of action that the people on the border are being punished.
The money has been divided into two parts, one to pay the land fee and one to pay to various government departments known as the Line Department.
“The KSU has more than 500 units and not less than 40,000 members.
Shops selling jhur, soh, meat, food, located in villages and townships, shops registered with the Ministry of Agriculture, shops registered with the Ministry of Agriculture, shops selling tin rong, shops selling light equipment, mobile shop and dry cleaner shop.
He said that you have elected him as a leader and it is his duty now to act for the benefit of the people.
This is according to a statement signed by the HNYF President Lambok Starwell Marngar. Shillong, Jymmang 9: After receiving the report from the Block Development Officer Mawkynrew C&RD Block and the Medical and Health Officer in charge of Jongksha PHC, 30 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in Jongksha PHC. , which is located in Mawkynrew Block.
The body was sent for post mortem.
After that, they met with the Minister of Agriculture in Guwahati and submitted a petition to the Minister of Agriculture in 2021 but the Central Government has not done anything yet. The KSU has launched a campaign to demand the Central Agriculture University.
Ganga Prasad, as a big supporter of the group.
In his welcoming speech at the opening ceremony of the Nongtnger Kur Dorbar, Bah Lstin Marwein said that the existence of the Nongtnger Kur Dorbar is not only for the benefit of the Kur but also for the benefit of the Kur. used by all the people of the area whenever they were available.
The police vehicle (ML02-0026) was dismissed on the charge of not taking responsibility for the duties of the police vehicle. This is not the case.
We are convinced that the Government should implement the Minimum Support Price (MSP) not only for synsar but also for other agricultural products,” said Bah Shangpliang.
Shillong, March 04: BSF troops this morning seized 16 Muid from three trucks which were trying to smuggle them from Meghalaya to Bangladesh in East Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Nailar 02: The Fifth Meghalaya Pay Commission today submitted its report to the Government and the Government has sent it to the Government. The Finance Department should consider and submit back to the Government before implementing this proposal to increase the salaries of government employees.
Shillong, July 24: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Pyniaid Sing Syiem, who is also in charge of the budget of the KHADC, has presented the budget for the year 2023-2 The deficit has increased to T.55,080/-.
The awards are presented by the President of India in New Delhi at a special ceremony held in July each year.
Seven cases have recovered from the disease today, out of 41 cases, five cases have been admitted to hospitals, four cases in East Khasi Hills and one case in West Garo Hills.
The HNLC also sends its condolences to those people who have been injured or if someone has died because they did not intend to injure or kill anyone, but the HNLC has taken a strong step this time in this incident. The police department has been investigating the Seng from time to time.
The bridge will be constructed in such a way that small vehicles can pass.
Wansuk has been declared the winner of the election by the returning officer.
Shillong, Nailur 21: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Meghalaya, Roshan Warjri today inaugurated the 103rd Amrit Pharmacy at the Civil Hospital Shillong.
The Seng through the Education Department has received information that the school has been relocated to Horirai Syiemlieh Memorial Higher Secondary School, Photjaud Rangthong.
There was also talk of opening the new district by the 15th of this month but the second phase of the COVID-19 pandemic has come which has had to be postponed for unknown reasons. avoid this disease.
At the same time, the KSU and FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle request the cooperation of all the Village Authorities in the area to be vigilant against the illegal entry of foreigners. or those foreigners who come in the form of employees through companies and contractors or traders and so on at such times to prevent the spread of COVID-19 and also It is also the disease of oppression through the destruction of the trade and inheritance of the indigenous people.
She said the government should bring a policy in the Assembly to address the needs of people with disabilities especially those with visual impairments.
Officers of the Swatch Bharat Mission who were present on the occasion were Bah Kynjoh Rangtong, Block Coordinator, Edward Lamoo, Water Supply Department and Imerine Syiemiong, Cleanliness.
Under the Pradhan Mantri Matru Vandana Yojana (PMMVY), up to T.5,000/- has been transferred to the bank accounts of pregnant women and those who have just given birth using the Direct Benefit Transfer method.
The jobs of the public which are usually done by private individuals are allowed to work in the shops mentioned in this order and they are the shops related to food items recognized by the department. political department as already issued, Courier services relating to non-essential goods, E-Commerce relating to essential goods.
u General Secretary of the Union of Village Headmen.
Nalin Kohli, if he really wants to look after the welfare of the indigenous people of the state, he should investigate their situation in the state before making any statements. Because this statement of him shows that he doesn't have the slightest knowledge of the problems faced by the indigenous people through the illegal entry of foreigners. but he came only to deceive the people.
The Government of India also violated the Standstill Arrangement of 9 August 1948, the agreement at the Governor's House on 16 July 1947 that the agreement would last for two years and even the IOA & AA of 15 December 1947 which was amended by the Government of India has ignored these social agreements, the IOA and the AA. Parliament (Constituent Assembly) through the White Paper in 1949 & 1950 to inform everyone about the treaties and promises with the 565 Himas in India including the Khasi States.
The meeting was conducted by the Convener of the Mawryngkneng-Sohryngkham Constituency Bah Ymlahklet Khonglah in the presence of the President of the State Youth Wing Bah Thomas Passah, the President of the party Bah Pyndapborthiaw Saibon and other office bearers of the party.
At present, the State has four District Jails in Shillong, Williamnagar, Jowai, Tura and Nongpoh which can accommodate 595 men and 55 women.
Regarding the proposal of the CEM, Bah PN Syiem MDC of Mawkhar Pynthorumkhrah, he said that according to rule 9, the dorbar should be held every four months and the EC has fulfilled its duty. The Leader of the Opposition, Bah Lamphrang Blah, said that the Opposition has accepted the proposal on the basis of the rules mentioned above. On Monday, it shall be held in the next meeting.
Burns handed over a letter sent by President Obama to the Prime Minister of India, in which he welcomed Modi to the country. in November in order to bring about closer cooperation between the two countries for development in the 21st century.
“As the Minister of PWD, I don't want to promise but I will try to help to include these roads in the list of recipients,” said the Minister. their commitment to the protection of wildlife and birds as well as the environment.
When they asked I just told them what happened," he said.
Speaking at the meeting, Usha Ananthasubramanian, Managing Director and CEO, Punjab National Bank, said that the bank will take about 100 girls to provide assistance of T.3500/- per annum to I have completed Class
During the meeting, the Prime Minister told the Hima leaders that the government will soon release Rs 6 lakh to the family of the victim.
However, the surprising thing is that on what basis the government has canceled all these and started again in Lumshnong.
Nongstoin, June 11: The Uranium Corporation India Limited (UCIL) on Saturday visited Wahkaji to inspect the road invested by the company to connect Mawthabah.
The authorization process in this way is accelerated in order to obtain certain products in order to meet the need for drugs or vaccines.
While police were patrolling the border, they saw a man walking on the border with Bangladesh. The BSF stopped the man and arrested him. 790 byrni of sugar were hidden in the house.
The village has informed the state water supply department and the police to investigate the incident.
The three GNLA cadres have been handed over to the police for 14 days for questioning.
The JSU also appeals to the public to give their full support to this film and also to other Pnar films so that we can move forward like other nations.
Shillong, November 15: The counting of votes for the nine MDC constituencies where the people have already elected their MDCs on the 13th of this month in the mid-term elections will be held tomorrow morning. they choose no from among many candidates who have asked for the support of the people.
When naming the district, he said it is easy to criticize, but the important thing is to show the work and this government has to work for the people and the naming is to have a Relationship with West Khasi Hills District is for this reason why it should not have a relationship with West Khasi Hills District.
On the other hand, the HYC congratulates the MeECL officials who have come to do what is necessary but at the same time expresses its regret that the government authorities are surprising the people until the HYC shows the shortcomings. the government authorities will be surprised.
This appeal by Myntri Rangbah Duh will emphasize the importance of cleanliness in all sectors of society.
Disphrim recalled that they have already published in the media that if the Meghalaya government cannot do anything for the sake of peace, they will not be able to join Assam. They are still waiting for a reply from the government which has not yet replied.
At present, the number of recoveries in the state has increased to 50%.
Some of them are accompanied by religious rituals such as the Shad Pom blang of the Hima Khyrim. you kba you wheat.
The Government should strengthen the police, not only to provide vehicles, at the same time the police should be empowered to take decisions when the border is reached to protect. The residents of the state said that this visit was in the presence of the Mukroh Village Authority and the party officials.
I would like to appeal to the people not to worry.
Martina Marak won the women's category with 54 votes in the second innings while Elitha N Sangma came second with 47 votes.
Through ensuring full transparency in the registration process and verification of beneficiaries, the Government of India has been able to deliver funds within minutes of Prime Minister Duh signing the agreement. they did not release the money.
On the other hand, Saleng said that this is a threat to the health of the people because the rice distributed to the people is no longer rice and he also took away the rice. to be shown in the House of Commons.
Athawale said his ministry would look into the proposal to open a Sports Academy for people with disabilities in the state at a cost of T.350 crore.
On the same day, the Governor of Meghalaya, Ganga Prasad, also launched the Kayaks at the Umkhakoi Lake.
“In the coming years, the College authorities should clearly write in the Prospectuses and Forms that it is necessary for students to wear Uniforms when they want to study under this college. College," he said.
Those arrested stopped at a petrol pump to fill up.
This road has been stalled since 2012 and has not reached anywhere while many residents have died from diseases due to the lack of road.
Mawhati Constituency.
The reason why the BJP wins elections from time to time is because it has been able to bring about all those changes and the people are happy with it,” said the BJP. “It is clear from this incident at USTM that the Congress party will lose the trust of the people in the upcoming MP elections,” said the BJP. He has been selected to represent India at the International Pageant to be held in Vietnam in July,
Meghalaya's composite SDG index according to the Niti Aayog is 52, lower than India's composite index of
The Secretary of the Harijan Panchayat Committee has warned the government against the preparations to take over the land in Iew Mawlong within a day. the government is illegal he alleged.
In the petition, the Forum also informed that at its recent meeting it has decided to oppose the Notification No.TAD/R/31/60/151 dated 13th April 1951 issued by the Government. Assam without public notice and without the knowledge of the residents of the villages under Labang Nangphyllut Dolloship (Block-1) and the Dolloi of Raliang, Chiliang Myntang and Nongjngi Districts.
The final match of Miss Meghalaya and Miss Teen Meghalaya 2024 will be held at LARITI Multipurpose Hall on 3rd July
“We understand that the traders and sellers of fish have lost their income but they should understand the death penalty, and so far there has been no illegal act on their part to sell fish. she sold the fish even after the ban," she said.
Other parts of the program included a short speech by the beneficiary of the scheme, Kong B.Kharsyntiew, President of Y.Kharsyntiew SHG and the exhibition of artifacts. which are used in the production of tungtap.
Khliehriat, Nailur 13: The East Jaintia Hills Truck Owners and Transporters Association (EJHTO&TA) in a statement sent by its President Kyrshan Dkhar, expressed its full support to the East Jaintia Hills Truck Owners and Transporters Association. The Khasi Students' Union-Narpuh Circle and the Jaintia Students' Movement (Eastern Region) on their deadline to the government to immediately repair the National Highway-6, u they are not smoking shisha now shaba palat pud.
He admitted that in the past years the NPP has fought against the issue of passing special laws to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners by passing the ILP Act and passing the ILP Act. the Khasi language in Article 5 of the Constitution.
According to sources, the replacement of ministers will be held in the first month of April and the replacement will be two or three ministers, although the names have not yet been announced. can be obtained but there will be a replacement of ministers.
In this regard, they came to meet and submit a petition to demand from the central government to grant only one ILP to the entire NE.
The Minister of Agriculture, Chairman of the Meghalaya Farmers Welfare Commission (MFAC) were the chief guests and the Principal Secretary in charge of the HFU Central Body was the chief guest. Department of Veterinary & Animal Husbandry was the special guest.
Shillong, Nailur 16: The residents of Shillong, including the women's organizations and the Hynniewtrep National People's Federation (HNPF) today demanded from the KHADC authorities to remove the incumbent Sordar of Bah Etalan Myrthong.
We have received the license since June,
“But my promise is that when I reach the goal, we will work together to solve those problems as much as we can,” he said.
“The Token No. is issued after the payment of the fee.
Secondly, many states, including Maharashtra, Chhattisgarh, Punjab, Madhya Pradesh and Gujarat, have exceeded the number of Covid cases last year.
This road will benefit the residents of the India-Bangladesh border area and is targeted to be completed within the next 10 and a half years, he said.
They protested against the government's failure to implement the demands, problems, schemes especially unemployment which is the share of people with disabilities in the state, according to the law. Persons with Disabilities (Equal Opportunities Protection of Right and Full Participation) Act, 1995.
The Government of Meghalaya in collaboration with APEDA, the Central Government Agency, has been in charge of the Lulu Group over the years to market the products of the farmers to the international markets.
“Agatha is the current MP so they didn’t give it to the woman and they have already given it to her before.
The project was implemented in accordance with the Action Plan for Introduction in India and a Steering Committee comprising experts, officers involved in the reintroduction of tigers in Sariska and Panna Tiger Reserves, this project.
The Commission's work against drugs and other benefits will continue.
On this occasion, he also visited the juti shop where he used to buy juti while he was studying in Shillong which is on line selling secondhand juti, but unfortunately this shop has closed down. .
“The Executive Committee will sit down immediately to look into the shortcomings on these Bills before we send them back to the DCA for approval from the Governor,” he said.
In a letter sent to Prestone, they said that they oppose the decision to install Smart Meters. The decision to oppose this proposal was taken at a meeting held on 11 October This decision was sent to the Government today.
The former President of India has been in public service for many years and has served the people with selflessness and compassion.
The two Superintendents of Police who have been summoned today are from East Khasi Hills District and West Jaintia Hills District.
On the claim by the Mawsynram MLA that the government has spent T.8 crore to purchase the synreit drugs , the Chief Minister said that it is T.1 crore and the cost of paying the fees The total amount of work is 8 crore.
The US Army was led by the 1st Special Forces Group (SFG) and the Indian Army was led by Special Forces personnel from the Eastern Command. use modern weapons.
Shillong, March 06: The 6th IIM Shillong Golf Cup Tied Golf Tournament ended today in the presence of Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma. MLA has been involved.
Shillong, November 21: The KHNAM State Youth Wing together with all the Districts and Constituencies wishes you a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year.
According to documents received by the SP News Agency, it was found that even the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has taken the initiative to introduce the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the examination for these posts. 2021 and the Post Office has amended the Office Memorandum for the North East to include as additional words.
The Muga Silkworm Seed Production Center (SSPC), Tura Meghalaya is one of the projects approved by the Center Silk Board (CSB) to be implemented under the Integrated Sericulture Development Project (ISDP) of NERTPS to acquire seed infrastructure units. in the northeast.
Speaking to SP News Agency, he said that at present it is not possible to say how many residents there are in Meghalaya. that much cannot be said until the summary has been completed.
The Government has struggled to introduce a working methodology for the development of sports in the state whether in the state, in the country or in the world as well. and this does not happen just because they want but to achieve it they need policies.
The Sixth Schedule in our view has not been able to prevent the entry of foreigners and many parts of Shillong and the border areas of the state have been inhabited by other ethnic groups.
Three other IPS officers who have been promoted are Priyanshu Pandey, Deepak Kumar Palecha, Herbert G Lyngdoh and Mary Gnora T. Sangma. , who will continue as the Principal of the Police Training School, Umran, Bah Vivek Syiem, who will continue as the Superintendent of Police, Shillong.
Her skills are in socially useful, productive work (SUPW) and music.
U Bah Neil Jaitly Khongwir, in his speech, said that in Shillong, they have found that even young children have become addicted to these alcoholic beverages. The question is whether the parents have overworked and made their children happy by giving them money.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the KSU said that there are agencies used by the government in the event of any shooting or killing of foreigners by the government. KSU members and Khasi youths were arrested.
: The Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) on Friday sought a reply from the State Government on the burning of three persons from Assam in East Garo Hills District on Tuesday.
The BJP has not yet lodged a complaint or FIR against the Congress candidate for the mid-term elections from the 2-Tura Parliamentary Constituency. .
Shillong, Naiwieng 04: At the foot of the remote hills of Meghalaya, there is a military base at Umroi, where today opened a special training center for soldiers and soldiers from all over the country. The world has now been able to learn about the activities of warfare in this area.
During the investigation, it was found that the gold was smuggled from the Indo-Bangladesh border.
This order was issued due to the peaceful environment in the district.
NABH provides orientation and training to the faculties of leading institutes like AIIMS and affiliated institutes like AIIMS and some Govt.
Speaking to media after the opening of the meeting held at Jail Road, Shillong, Bah Nongsiang said, “There are (deficit teachers) among us, who are They served for 29 years, 30 years and even 35 years but when they retired they didn't get anything.
The union also said that this bridge has been left for many years without any improvement such as painting or any other improvements.
Border Security Force (172) Battalion troops on receiving a tip conducted a raid on the border and arrested a Bangladeshi and three muid at the border of Rattacherra village, East Jaintia Hills, Meghalaya.
Maligaon, July 29: According to the Vision Document 2020, all the cities of the states in the North Eastern Region of India should be connected by rail.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: Residents from four villages under the Hima Lyngdoh Sohiong today marched to the office of the KHADC carrying flags and slogans to demand the removal of the Lyngdoh. Sohiong.
In another tournament, KSU Malki Circle, as usual, has held the 7th Bull N Lyngdoh Memorial Invitation Football Tournament at Malki Stadium which started yesterday (7/12/2017).
He is another young man who has contributed to the service of the Jaitbynriew through the KSU. He has also been appointed as the President of the KSU Lummawbah Unit. of KSU Upper Shillong Circle.
The Seng urges all the Chief Executive Members of the State to stop visiting and inspecting this place in the upcoming Budget Session. " said the organization.
Regarding the declaration of containment area, the meeting held today decided to reduce the area to no longer belong to the entire village.
In this regard, TRAI clarified that all these actions are illegal because those who call or send messages say that their number may be deleted and said that if they do not answer their mobile numbers and end up ordering them to install malicious websites on their mobiles.
Besides these 13 persons, the Umpling Youth Association also awarded special honors to two outstanding youths of the village including Bah Shanbor Warjri who became the Additional Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District. Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Pyniaid said that to escape from the rule of other ethnic groups, the youth of the state should work hard so that they can become independent. He said that if there are any youths from Umpling who wish to take the IAS examination, he will be ready to support them. Coaching.
After reaching an agreement, the officers from the Urban Development Department said that they have no intention of allowing the Dorbar Shnong to manage and maintain the park.
These singers from these nine states have impressed all the listeners and spectators. These youngsters have the talent to sing and play in them and their songs and music are beautiful and interesting. beautiful.
Media sources close to the Chief Minister's Office said that even the groups that come to meet the Chief Minister when they bring flowers to welcome the Chief Minister should not be covered with plastic.
After the DC's office took the inventory, it was found that there was no shortage of food items.
Because many of them have sent letters from many, he has invited them to meet on Monday to talk and this invitation is to understand what they have to say because he has received the same topic. receive a lot of text.
On the other hand, Conrad praised the university for opening up opportunities for the youth in many fields. He said that there is a need to have young men and women and not just many who have received ranks. He said that the country, the states and the environment also expects the youth to do good in all things.
The Chairman of NESO said it is sad that the Prime Minister of India has not yet said anything on the incident in Manipur. Peace, the question is whether you don't have what you want or what you don't have.
Odas Pdahkasiej President of the Hills Farmers Union of Mawsynram Block, said it is sad to see that the PWD Mawsynram Division has not been able to order the contractor to build the subway. on the Dholai River for people to walk.
The celebration was held at Arya Vidyalaya School, Shillong in the presence of Major General Ananta Bhuyan, SM, ADG NCC NER, Ranjit Gill, Principal Chief Conservator, Forest Department and NCC officers. , Lber 09: Answering a supplementary question by Syntar Klas Sunn MLA regarding the government's refusal to allow the production of kyiad pyrsi, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said that the The reason is that Meghalaya has a low production of rice.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: U Bah Piwel Shylla of Moolang village, East Jaintia Hills District, who is one of the candidates for MDC-2019 from 22-Musniang Rangad constituency, joined the Congress Party today at the office of the Congress Bhavan. , Shillong.
As part of the celebration of the birth anniversary of the Syiem on the 15th of July, the HNLC will release the Sopti with the image and slogans of the Syiem.
Shillong, March 30: Three candidates, Witness Sanckley, Bodhok Nongmalieh and Sarita Laitphlang, have filed for the Congress ticket from Jirang Constituency.
The time has come for the government not to sit idly by on the border issue.
Addressing the data shortage and cooperation with Central Government departments is necessary, he added.
The BSF troops have been deployed at the border for the Lok Sabha MP elections in the 1-Shillong (ST) and 2-Tura (ST) Parliamentary Constituencies. Lok Sabha 2024.
During the meeting, both sides agreed to work together to curb smuggling and other illegal activities.
In total, there were 52 paintings, one kotdur and four durim.
Therefore, the Circle strongly condemns this and cannot accept it at all but it is just an unfounded allegation.
Nirmala Sithraman said Prime Minister Narendra Modi believes and looks at the four sectors of society.
Because many have fever, headache, cough and this can last up to 28 days and after that they recover.
This shows that in fact to punish him, the MDA government has honored him and this is evidence that it stands for corrupt people.
On the other hand, the Minister acknowledged in front of the KSU that the college will not be destroyed at all.
In the House of 60 MLAs, 59 MLAs turned up to cast their votes as Bah Adelbert Nongrum did not turn up to cast his vote.
Since the launch of EMRI 108 in 2008, it has been running smoothly without any shortcomings but after a few years, many problems have arisen in relation to the employees. or they fled.
This school has been a blessing for them to get the same education as others.
Kynta said the areas outside the normal Shillong, Laitumkhrah, Malki, Mawkhar and Mawprem to Laban are the Shillong Administrative Municipalities.
Minister of State for Railways.
According to sources, at about 11:30 pm, a 37-year-old man and a 20-year-old man were arrested on charges of menshohnoh and Hundreds of people have arrested and bombed them.
Shillong, Nailar 08: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Shillong, on Tuesday said that it is true that those who are under quarantine in different places have left the Quarantine Centers and are walking and standing in public places.
They did not want to comment on the complaint against the president of the party, but they will meet with the party to discuss the matter.
Shillong Police have arrested the suspects and handed them over to East Jaintia Hills District Police.
He said that the previous governments as soon as they came to office in the courts, they listened without paying attention and this has continued until now.
There are currently about 153 new cases reported daily across the country, but worldwide there are 5.87 lakh new cases reported daily.
The contractors are no longer employing Bangladeshis.
Speaking to reporters at the office of the union, Bah Khyriem said that the secret activities of UCIL have now come to light, in which it has deceived the people with development projects to get the Marpoh ground on the ground.
At these times when the whole world is in the midst of struggle to protect itself from the terrible disease, the Seng Khasi Kmie, appeals to all the tribes and all the people and shall be careful and take care of themselves.
The purpose of this award is to encourage others to arrive at work on time.
Shillong, Iaiong 23: On the 22nd of this month, the house of Bah T Nongsiej in Mawryngkang village was set on fire by the residents of Sawymper area.
This road is very bad and full of snow.
In the four years of this government, this has increased to Rs 6.86 crore.
During the protest, the students of the university also carried placards to condemn the incident.
Nongstoin, July 12: The United Democratic Party (UDP) Nongstoin Circle will hold a meeting on the 18th of this month at 11:00 am at the party office.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Rishot Kharraswai, he said that during the meeting, the Minister directed the GVK to remove the the retrenchment of 12 employees and lifting the suspension of employees.
Finally, the DC said that he will take up two issues for discussion with the District Administration of West Karbi Anglong.
Even small vehicles are no longer allowed to pass through this road except heavy vehicles,” said Bah MH Dkhar.
Shillong, July 18: The Pradhan Mantri Ujjwala Yojana (PMUY) scheme will be launched today at the Meghalaya State Convention Centre.
The United Nations has taken note of the need for control in this regard.
ITC has now produced a wide variety of food and beverages and the food produced by ITC has entered the homes of the people because of its marketing. They are also made in such a way that the people of India like to eat.
West Khasi Hills has 4 cases, Ri Bhoi 53, East Jaintia Hills 15, West Jaintia Hills 13, West Garo Hills 11, South West Garo Hills 4, East Garo Hills 1 and North Garo Hills
Many people of Assam have also received their benefits,” he added.
“In order to know the authorities who came to invade, until we meet with the residents we will get clarity because we have not yet received enough information,” he said. We have said that the new EC will not allow the Assam Government through the district authorities to harass and intimidate the people on the border.
“(SP News).
FKJGP General Secretary Eldie N. Lyngdoh said that the uranium mining in Meghalaya has been completed for a long time due to the strong opposition of the people.
When contacted by Samuel M. Sangma, he said, “I don't know why he was abducted.
He also shared the story of Mawlynnong, a village in Meghalaya which has long been dedicated to cleanliness and has been awarded 'Asia's cleanest village' .
The delegation was led by Forwardman Nongrem President KSU South West Khasi Hills District and other members in the presence of Raymond Kharjana Education Secretary KSU and Iashan Mukhim Asst Organizing Secretary KSU. .
Dkhar Introduction &
It may be recalled that in the past months of the protest of the 17 Dorbar Shnongs of Namchiang, the KSU Narpuh Circle has not issued any news to support the protest of the Rangbah Shnongs and the people because we do not want to be as lymbit now yes and tomorrow yes.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The Lafarge Umiam Mining Private Limited (SPVC) has paid T.90 per tonne from Mawshun for the implementation of development works in the villages. who are located near the Company's Mawshun mine.
The office has sent government officials to provide assistance to the affected people and the villages affected so far are Shahllang, Riangdo. and many more villages are coming to report.
“It should not create differences between Khasi, Garo and Jaintia as they are all from Meghalaya, the law enforcement agencies have been directed to ensure peace and order,” he said.
Shillong, Lber 01: U Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of Home Affairs, today said that the Cabinet meeting held today has taken a decision on the if “Meghalaya Foodgrain and SK Oil Public Distribution System Control Order 2022”.
This was announced in a statement by Bah Shanbor Marwein, Organizing Secretary of HYC Mawlai Circle.
Shillong, Naitung 23: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has refused to issue a No Objection Certificate (NOC) to the Transport Department to acquire land for the construction of the railway line at Byrnihat, Ri Bhoi District.
On the other hand, the KSU Jaintia Hill has encouraged the leaders who are in jail as well as their relatives that we as leaders if we have to go through many difficulties we are the leaders. youth who have dedicated their lives for the sake of the country and the nation.
The reason why the Central Government has reduced the allocation from T.1000 crore to T.1000 crore for the fiscal year 2016-2017 is that the ADCs have not been able to send the Utilization Certificate. The reason why the UC has not been sent is because the government has not yet released the money to the District Councils.
On the other hand, FKJGP Mawsynram Circle led by Bah Banshai Marbaniang together with Bah Marbut Dkhar Organizing Secretary of FKJGP Mawsynram Circle have met with the Director of DSEL to inquire about the petition they have submitted for two years. The government has upgraded the school without appointing teachers until today.
In Shillong, the silence was held at the Secretariat of the State.
HANM in a petition submitted to the Chief Executive Officer of the State requests him to take responsibility to talk to the Central Government, as well as the Chairman of the Central Board of School Education (CBSE) to introduce the Khasi language. to write the examination for the students who study in schools that follow the CBSE guidelines. The CBSE will allow students to write the examination in Khasi as one of the subjects, as will the Indian Certificate Secondary Education (ICSC) and Indian School Certificate (ISC) which have used Khasi as one of the subjects. the subject to write the examination.
We are very grateful for your contribution.
Miss Meghalaya is the first event to open the door for young girls to take part in the Miss Universe India pageant.
The banners also read that Bengalis should immediately stop the violence against the people of Mizoram, Tripura and Meghalaya. The CAA is a death sentence and they demand the implementation of the ILP in Meghalaya.
The use of this Demand for Grants provides many benefits.
The total number of recoveries in the state has risen to 487, bringing the total number of recoveries in the state to 37,037 so far.
Regarding MeECL, the government has taken all the necessary measures to improve it.
In the final, the match will be played between St Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong.
Robert urged the people to come forward to lodge a complaint against this announcement of the Central Government whether they are civil society organizations or private individuals to express to the Central Government that as the people of this state they are against this announcement. the central government announcement.
Police will take legal action against those who send illegal messages.
The competition was held to search for talented singers from the North East.
Any information will be answered by IVR or moderators in Hindi, English and native languages.
“From now on, all of you who trade within the boundary of the village, who set up shops and factories, please cooperate with the village and please don't ignore the authority of the village. “If you don't inform the village authority, we will close down,” said the Rangbah Shnong.
The Congress leader confirmed that the party will nominate a candidate from the constituency.
The DGP of Meghalaya, R Chandranathanu, has phoned the DGP of Bihar and the DG of the Railway Protection Force to take immediate action regarding the incident. Meghalaya Police Nodal Officer Dalton Marak, DIG, today addressed the Bihar Police Station.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the Regional Committees have started completing the survey reports which will be submitted before 31st November.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Himalaya said that thousands of farmers are engaged in this industry and the reason for the drop in the price of these commodities in the market is because the government has not yet He urged the government to look into the conversion of these crops into marrep.
It was also announced that on the 17th of this month which is the polling day, the sale of kyiad in Jowai will be banned.
Speaking to reporters, the CSWO has alleged that those who have caused trouble are those who have done all these things. Agnes said that there has been an attempt at the meeting. On Saturday to disrupt the curfew and to arrest the leaders of civil society organizations and arrest them within the MPDA. the poor and the rich and to uphold human rights so the party does not want them to become 'lang knie' for the actions of others.
At this meeting, the Congress said that this defection violates the Constitution.
Plastic bottles were invented and used in 1947, and in the 1950s they were improved and lower in cost.
It's just a political issue.
He was elected as the new Lamphang of KHADC without any opposition. He will be led by CEM Titosstarwell Chyne and Leader of the Opposition Lamphrang Blah.
“On the issue of Trading License, the union is still looking for more information on the issue of Non-Tribals in Jaintia Hills. “We will take other strong measures if the JHADC authorities fail to fully implement the law,” said Bah MH Dkhar.
The Apex Body of the Meghalaya Veterinary Services Association (MVSA) has come forward to strongly condemn the incident, as Dr. Seiboklang is also a member of the Association.
At the same time, as the organization that looks after the welfare of the country and the nation, it urges the residents to be careful and take care of themselves by following the rules and regulations laid down by the Department of Health.
He said that according to the purpose of the district is to let the tribals look after themselves and nothing should be done to them. He said that even Jawaharlal Nehru has already spoken, but as it is now, the issue will affect them. to this original purpose.
When we revealed the RTI received from the Municipal, he expressed his surprise that according to the affidavit sent by the Shillong Municipal Board to the High Court, 342 households are employees of the Municipal. “The question is who is lying now,” said Bah Synrem.
This was stated by Plosborlin Kharjahrin, General Secretary, KSU Mawkyrwat Circle.
It is just a promise perhaps just because the Assembly elections are approaching.
Shillong, November 30: Speaking at the wreath laying ceremony in honor of the freedom fighter of the country, KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar said, “To love the nation no matter where we are not only the civil society organizations to love the nation.
: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh on Friday said that no new case of COVID-19 has been confirmed in the state.
Speaking to reporters, he said that the lockdown is not the solution to the problem and the time has come for people to take care of themselves.
However, the HNLC alone cannot be called even if the Congress has been in power in Delhi for the past few years, since
It is to be recalled that the HLC headed by Bah BM Lanong who is also the Dy.Chief Minister at that time has decided to implement the ILP in the state. This shows that MLAs or Ministers have no value in the eyes of Dr. Mukul Sangma.
Regarding the schemes that the MDCs will receive, nothing can be said yet as the model code is still in force.
The CoMSO has said that they will be slaves in their own country if they are overthrown by the foreigners.
He said that they have not completed the work, but this work is ongoing every day. He congratulated the committee for suggesting to the government to set up an Expert Committee. Employ people who have special skills because skills cannot be known.
Minister Duh said that for fear of giving advantage to the enemy, there has been no outpouring of connectivity with the border areas.
Referring to the internet as one of the most perfect creations by human intelligence, he said it cannot be controlled by a few people.
Police said they are investigating the incident, Bidhannagar police station said.
When contacted by SP News Agency, the residents of the area said that the construction of the road has started before the rain, but as soon as the rain started, the construction has stopped.
These Nursing Colleges should be located only near those hospitals which have been constructed since 2014 to date. These Nursing Colleges should be near the Medical Colleges.
The campus is a Net Zero Green Campus.
On this day, more than 1000 members of the party have marched in support of the KHADC Bill, along with traditional costumes to show to the world that the party wants this KHADC Bill. The Bill will become a law to protect the nation.
Shillong, Naitung 10: Twenty-six BSF personnel have tested positive for COVID-19, bringing the total number of cases to in the state of Meghalaya.
Fortunately, at the same time, the robbers were trying to take the Rangbah to another place nearby, on the part of the VDPs of Lawbah Village, after seeing the incident, they arrested the Rangbah. Rangbah Shnong Lawbah Bah Kering Wahlang was taken by the VDPs to the house of the Rangbah Shnong Lawbah.
Before the flag march, more than 100,000 people left the area and marched to the Cantonment by walking along the road that has been opened. we ride.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister has taken steps to ensure that the construction of the Medical College will be completed on time. and this is the Medical College.
Shillong, Naitung 17: The Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh today unveiled the statue of the great Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Tirot Sing Syiem at Mairang on the occasion of the birth anniversary of 186 years old.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District today announced that Section 144 CrPC has been enforced in all parts of Ri Bhoi District from today until further notice. 144 CrPC of the District The District Magistrate said that on 27.5.2017 this month there was an incident in Ronghana village where about 150 people had gathered. Members of the KSU from the headquarters and North Khasi Hills have shot and beaten the employees of the Railway and burnt the equipment belonging to the Railway.
At present, this area falls under Wapung Block, from Hingaria to Wapung is 80 km and from Malidor to Wapung is 101 km. Km from the Block.
The KSU invites all members of the KSU to come together at the same time at 10 pm on that day in front of the statue of this hero at Malki.
However, there is a great danger to the shopkeepers in this area as it can collapse at any time.
It is important to avoid as much as possible to keep cows in one household or cow herd.
Speaking to reporters, Biswal said that once the construction of the school at Saitsohpen, Sohra is completed, the school will accommodate up to 1260 students from various departments. The school cannot be completed in 2020 or 2021 and the total cost will be T.800 crore and so far T.156 crore has been spent.
One person has died in West Garo Hills District today. The death toll has risen to 101, the Director said. The death toll has risen to you are not affected by COVID-1
The program was encouraging to the students who witnessed their intellectual development in all the programs especially in Information and Communication.
The Central Schemes also provide information on Right to Education, NRHM, Child Rights, Empowering Women and Weaker Sections, Rural Roads, Housing, Water Supply, Power, Irrigation, Telecommunications, MGNREGS, Agriculture, National Watershed Devp.
Tura, July 18 : St. Mary's HSS, East Khasi Hills District has won the title of the Wrestling Championship after winning 34 medals, including 9 medals. gold medals, 9 silver medals and 16 bronze medals.
It falls under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Entrepreneurship and Skill Development of the Government of India.
The Seng strongly urges the Meghalaya government that if it cannot protect our border residents, the government should provide the members of the Seng with weapons to protect their fellow citizens.
During this visit he lit a candle in front of the bishop’s portrait to pray for the departed soul.
This happened on Saturday, 29th November, 2023 at about 6:45 pm when the robber stole a gold bag from his hand, ATM card and with Mobile Phone.
Although he and Vanshaj fought in the fight, the judges awarded Thapa the victory.
When SP News Agency visited Umiam Pond, it was found that the Jhad to be built as a restaurant has been constructed by Cleghdan MF9 Company Private Limited, Kolkata. sh face.
Shillong, July 15: U Bah Arnest Mawri, State President of the BJP, today said that he will lead all the civil society parties in the state to meet with the BJP leaders in Delhi to discuss the issue. Speaking to reporters after being elected as President, he said, “I request all the civil society organizations in the state to take you to Delhi because the demand for ILP is “I promise as the President of the BJP of Meghalaya to meet with the BJP leaders”.
Shillong, Lber 27: The Minister of Trade and Industry, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, on Tuesday said that he will temporarily suspend the issuance of trading licenses to all the districts under the jurisdiction of the KHADC. , and it was suspended and done for the good of the country and the nation as a whole.
“Technology and skills are two of the most important links in India's journey towards development.
The party hopes that the 2013 election will be clean and transparent in order to achieve a strong and peaceful Khaddar governance and to promote economic development in the state as a whole.
: it means to gather together to keep well; to use no one to inherit;
The test today also includes those 8 people who tested positive. Interestingly, all the tests were negative.
New Delhi, July 26: This was the speech by the President of India, Drupadi Murmu, on the occasion of the 75th Republic Day of India in Delhi today.
The crowd is especially in the vicinity of the market as there are also shops like Palatan Bazar and Mawlong Market. This crowd is not in all parts of Shillong.
It is also the highest increase by any major country since
Referring to Bah Manstudy Nongrem, Chairman of KHADC and Bah D Kharwanlang, Deputy Chairman, he said that they will remain in office because they have not been elected. They were elected by the House to remove them and they had to make a motion of no confidence.
Shillong, Jan 06: BSF troops have arrested a line of Bangladeshi smugglers from India through Bagli in South West Khasi Hills.
There are 107 recoveries, 83 in East Khasi Hills, 14 in Ri Bhoi, 18 in South Garo Hills, 5 in West Jaintia Hills and 1 in North Garo Hills.
The policy also empowers the CBC to register Digital Media Agencies to promote its information dissemination through various channels.
The Indira Gandhi Cultural Center (IGCC) in collaboration with the High Commission of India to Bangladesh, the Department of Arts and Culture, the Government of Meghalaya and the Bangladesh Shilkapala Academy (BSA), Dhaka has organized a cultural programme. to pay tribute to King Tirot Singh, the hero of the Khasi Hills.
Therefore, the Executive Committee of the Seng Kur of Mei-Sin and her children, requests and urges them to follow the good example led by Kong Tailin Lyngdoh and others to become mothers. The Khasi traditional dress , whether inside or outside , is a traditional Khasi dress , which is dressed in a scarf , a heavy stick and a lot of silver
Also present were Bah Ephring Kharmylliem, Rangbah Dong, Bah Drop Nongpluh, Ex.Sordar, Bah Bikode Kharsohnoh, Deng Bok Kurkalang, one of the volunteers, Bah Tympang Pohshna.
At the same time, the magistrates who are present at the scene said that the Minister of Education has called them to speak which the leaders have accepted despite the desire of the teachers to turn to the secretariat, after the The teachers also agreed to leave for Madan Malki to wait for the decision of the meeting and accepted the government's offer of two months salary.
Inside the Ranibari GS Circle: Ranibari, Balakhawa, Bilpara, Akhonijira, Halher and New Balakhawa.
The Chief Minister said that the government has spoken to the Rangbah Shnongs, youth organizations, church leaders and the government has requested to restore peace in the state. supporting the government to bring peace.
Cornad said the party initially had only two MLAs, but in the last five years, it has MLAs in Arunachal Pradesh, ministers in Manipur and Meghalaya. the National Party.
It means protection is only temporary.
This will not only promote them but will also benefit them in delivering various schemes implemented by the Central and State Governments.
To raise funds for the school, SRT 252 has decided to hold a public entertainment by inviting the famous Indian comic writer Zakir Khan on the 25th of this month.
The CoHSO also urged the Congress party which opposed the ILP when it was in power in the state to support now if they really oppose the CAB, the fear is not for the people. Those from abroad are more afraid of their fellow Indians.
Earned Leave of 15 days for those who have worked for one year, or 24 days for one year, shall not be paid if you do not take this leave.
Regarding the ILP demand, Bah Process T Sawkmie suggested to the state government to lead all the 60 MLAs to meet the Prime Minister of India or the Minister of Labour. Shillong, Lber 13: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Titosstarwell Chyne through his Deputy Secretary has sent a letter to the Chief Executive Members of Meghalaya. The Hima will meet tomorrow morning to discuss the soskular signed by the Government of Meghalaya and Assam.
What is more interesting is that the officials of the bank have promised to install another machine at the counter if the bank still requires it. There is currently only one staff in the bank.
Batosing Lating- Vice President.
On the other hand, the Governor congratulated the students who have completed their studies and at the same time urged them to use their talents. part of social benefit.
This sudden lockdown has affected the income of the people and this has created a feeling of discrimination among the people.
The leaders of these four organizations said that their struggle for ILP will continue until the government implements their demand as this is a demand from the people. for the public.
The party will take action against all the MLAs who support the Congress government for not doing anything regarding the ILP. Under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma, the government will bring forward a decision in the Legislative Assembly to implement the ILP in the state.
Six persons were taken to NEGREAM, four to Military Hospital Rilbong Shillong while another person was discharged without injuries. u and Jowai Civil Hospital.
The HYC is deeply saddened by the killing of Cheristerfied Thangkhiew and sends its condolences to the family members of Cheristerfied Thangkhiew.
Many stories cannot be explained.
Regarding the salary, he said that the government has sent the money and the GVK will release it by the end of this month. Bless Dkhar said that if the GVK does not pay all the salaries of the EMRI employees, the union will stop it.
Everyone knows that COVID-19 is spreading rapidly around the world, the important thing is that we all need to survive, the most important thing is that there should be food in the stomach and nothing to go to. sleep without food.
These donations to these 151 people include household items which they can use in their homes. On this occasion, officials of various civil society organizations were also present to attend the ceremony. witness to this day.
About 350 people from all over the country attended the ceremony which was inaugurated by the Saraswati Vandana, followed by the lighting of the sharak.
This money was also seized by the Custom.
Although there is no soskular agreement between the KHADC and MLCU, there is talk that the KHADC will hand over the land once the construction is completed and the MLCU will not manage the land because the KHADC. it won’t have the people to manage.
We want to start small, learn from them and expand," he said.
As they have a view, the relevant authorities must take action to ensure that the investigation is truly independent and must be released from the authorities within them because there are many policemen within them. to interrogate them, whether they would really be free to say all this has to be understood.
“To reach the goal there is no other way except to work hard and focus whether it is in education or others,” said Bah Hamletson Dohling.
Recently, the employees of MCCL have met with the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma to remind them of their demands regarding their salaries. together with all those involved in this industry.
After the independence of India, the battalion took part in the 1965 war.
Before the start of the cleanliness drive, Rgh Don Kupar Dkhar, President Seng Khasi Kmie, took part in the flag raising ceremony.
Shillong, Nailur 14: The mid-term elections for nine MDC constituencies will be held in November this year, Prestone Tynsong, Minister of State for District Council Affairs (DCA), today said.
There are two LCSs in Umkiang in East Jaintia Hills District and one in Beltoli in East Khasi Hills District. Roads for vehicles to enter Bangladesh.
There have been many incidents when petrol pump owners have been forced to pay the fine, this is unacceptable,” he said.
Bah Tyrchain Phawa, Headmaster of the training centre, concluded by congratulating all those who took part in the meeting.
He said that there are steps to ensure that they have access to domestic and foreign markets for organic produce from the state.
Shillong, November 11: U Pius Marwein MLA of Ranikor on Monday inaugurated the Grain Storage at Nongthymmai Village. Raidewsaw is located in the southwest of Khasi Hills District.
Therefore, the SSDC urges the government through the MLA of the area and the Minister of PWD to take action to improve the road.
The complaint names two persons, Pamila Rabha and Nelola Rabha, who came to kidnap them on the 27th of this month. Police have arrested the two mothers for further investigation.
