Besides conducting this treatment, on this day, they also distributed gifts to the residents of the village with daily necessities. Karaigora, Chikanbari and Bholabeta districts.
Therefore, in order to fight against this, the union has taken this step to conduct this free book distribution.
The Army did this after the state government requested the assistance of the Army on Friday night 30/8/2
The demand for 80% is because Meghalaya has only 30 lakh residents and these include students, who will resign from their jobs. 80% of the employees have been employed but the state residents have not been employed due to lack of staff.
India can be strengthened as a country through our reforms.
We are free to shape and build our country.
In fact, he said that if there is still a way, if the people of this area are farsighted and looking at the future of this area, they should come forward to demand a fourlane road from Mairang to Nongkhlaw Patharkhmah to Rani.
The meeting was held in Sohra today to prepare for the mid-term elections in the 26-Shella Constituency although the elections have not yet been announced.
Jowai, Naiwieng 20: The Catholic Church of Jowai Diocese today received the new Bishop of the Diocese by Rev Bishop Victor Lyngdoh. Rev. Bishop Vincent Kynpat has been without a caregiver for many years.
If these states can do it, why can't Meghalaya do it? As it is now, Khasi and Jaintia alone have more than 18,000 commercial vehicles.
Unlike during the day, this evening market brings togetherness through music, food and drink and homemade goods.
During the meeting, Prof. Kulkarni, during his visit to the Central Institute of Hindi at Mawdiangdiang, briefed the Governor on the working of the institute. There is a need to promote Hindi in this area.
They said that this small donation from the government is only a sign of encouragement to them to do well in their studies.
“The Minister said the Government has ensured that Union Ministers visit the North Eastern States every two months to ensure the speedy implementation of Central Government programmes.
The reason for the overturning of this vehicle was due to the overcrowding.
They also showed the packaging methods for these products.
The Cabinet also approved the Meghalaya Drug Abuse Prevention Policy, 2020, regarding foreign workers. the state.
Shillong, March 30: Vasudha Gupta, Director General (News) NSD, AIR today visited the capital of Meghalaya and held an inspection meeting with officials of AIR and Doordarshan, Shillong.
Instead of writing 'Mawlai', the sweaters were written as 'Mawali'. This mistake in writing the name of Mawlai has affected and caused grief to many of the residents. Mawlai village as well as the school children who study at this school.
Tura, July 08: The ANVC(B) today clarified that their ceasefire is to protect their own people and not to protect the police. as alleged.
The total number of recoveries today is 75, 52 from East Khasi Hills, 12 from South Garo Hills, 7 from West Garo Hills, 3 from Ri Bhoi and 1 from East Garo Hills. state as a whole.
Other areas where the Shella Constituency still needs a lot of assistance are agriculture, empowerment of women and youth.
The problem faced by the government is how to deal with the problem of the people regarding the availability of banks. The government has signed an agreement with the Meghalaya Rural Bank to assist them. The state currently has 45% villages far from banks and will try to reduce it by 10% by the end of this year.
She said that this action of the Director did not end there, she was transferred to the office of the Joint Director of the Soil and Water Conservation Institute in Byrnihat, without any reason.
The Pastor urged many youths to start their own businesses so that they too can employ other youths.
He also received the fish donated by the government and the fish he made himself.
The Superintendent of Police in charge of SWKH District, while speaking to SP News Agency, said that they have not yet arrested these illegal immigrants and they cannot blame anyone until they have investigated. catch the criminals.
Media is now moving in a new way and people are now chasing media more through technology and this has made the media immediately adopt new technologies.
Those who have registered their names are Bah Kyntiewborlang Syiemlieh from the BJP and Bah Pret Mawlong as an independent candidate.
There are 925 cases in the state, East Khasi Hills 517, Ri Bhoi 101, West Khasi Hills 3, South West Khasi Hills 1, West Jaintia Hills 5, East Jaintia Hills 8, West Garo Hills one, South Garo Hills 2, North Garo Hills 6 and South West Garo Hill District
The union reminded the government that it has met with the relevant authorities since August 2018 and submitted a petition to the Chief Operating Officer, GVK-EMRI, and also in April 2020 through a petition to the Chief Operating Officer, GVK-EMRI. The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Meghalaya, once again in November 2020, met with the DMHO of West Jaintia Hills District to discuss the problems in the field of health facilities due to the shortage of Ambulances in the Sub-Division.
: The incident of drowning, especially among the youth, has been reported along the Umtrew River in Byrnihat, Ri Bhoi District.
He said that children are the future leaders of any country and to be leaders they have to understand how to respect each other with love and closeness to each other. to their own country they will be the agents of social change.
On the other hand, the Chairman of the SAC, Bah Toki Blah in his speech said that the position he has taken up today is directly related to the people and the work will be with the people. The SAC will bring about the ownership of the people for what the government has done for the welfare of the state and their task is to ensure that there should be cooperation among the people. public and government.
“The increase in the price of any job in PWD is inevitable from time to time, as it also depends on the type of job.
Shillong, Lber 05: Regarding the linking of Aadhaar with Ration card, it has not yet been linked, but it is only a suggestion in accordance with Section 7 of the Aadhaar Act. .
The KHADC expects that they will soon receive the approval of the Governor of the State on the amendment of the Administration of Elaka Act. and village youth organizations to be recognized by law.
In 2014, the tax on petrol was T.9.20 per liter and on diesel was T.3.46 per liter but now the tax has reached T.28.37 per litre.
According to a statement sent by the Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District, Jagpal Singh Dhanoa, after the residents destroyed the house, the district authorities, officers of the Meghalaya Pollution Department The Control Board, Village Authority and Company Management have moved the public hearing to the Company Hall.
More detailed information can be obtained until Tuesday, said one of the MPCC members as today there are still those who have come to collect their forms.
On the other hand, the CEM has made it clear to the KHNAM leaders that this appointment will be for a short period of time until the remaining works such as the relationship with MUDA are completed. Bah Thomas Passah president Speaking to reporters, the CEM said that the appointment of this officer is only to waste the money of the people as the CEM has said that it will be for a short period of time. Your organization will continue to do this.
He gave an example of the construction of roads which has not fallen into anything and the peace is excessive.
Police have arrested Sanki Ksoo on the same day and he is still in police custody for further investigation.
At the same time, the Rangbah Shnong said that there has been no tragic incident or any damage to the people. Check to see if there are any more damage.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The President of the KSU, Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar, on Tuesday said that the KSU has been opposed to the railway line since the beginning and until now the KSU is still standing to fight. against the construction of a railway line inside the Khasi Hills.
Speaking to reporters , Bah Jansing said that his resignation from the Congress party is due to the fact that the Congress party has abolished the Pynursla Block He joined the NPP after talking to his supporters as his MDC constituency includes three MLA constituencies, Pynursla, Sohra and Mawphlang.
In response to this information, a special team of soldiers has been sent to verify the findings.
Bah Marngar also warned that even if the Government continues to arrest members of the KSU and Khasi youth, the Government should take responsibility.
Answering questions, Dr Mawthoh said that to take a decision whether the census year will be 1951 or 1971, this will have to be discussed within the party before taking the census year. any decision because they have to be analyzed from both sides.
Bah Mohendro urged the children to be proud of their thymmei, he said that they should be respectful, respectful to their parents and those who have grown up.
Shillong, July 10: The Executive Committee of Bah Teinwell Dkhar of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has decided that all 29 MDCs of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) can send their schemes of Rs. " provided by the federal government.
The government should deploy more police posts from Ranikor to Nonghyllam, Umsur, Nongjri and Nongkulang. The state government should force the BSF to strengthen the patrolling on the border with Bangladesh in these areas. region.
Meanwhile, other parties rarely win.
This program will be held on 03 November 2016 at Dorbar Hall Lumkshaid starting at 04:00 pm.
Minister Duh said that the people who have benefited now are confident and said “every beneficiary across the country has a story about the change in their lives in these 10 years ago.
Unlike other states, Meghalaya does not have its own Central Jail.
Dr Zaman is a man of great knowledge and has taken part in the debates in the House. The Lamphang sends his condolences to the family members of the victims. that the soul may find eternal rest.
At the same time, he said that there is a need to fight against the financing of insurgency and those who support insurgency should be punished.
Shillong, July 08: The Union of Kur Rabbahs of Hynniewtrep Hills District, Shillong, today launched its branches across the state including East Khasi Hills, West Khasi Hills, South West Khasi Hills and today in Jaintia Hills.
He said the government should punish the directorate of housing according to the rules of law.
Shillong, Naiwieng 25: Although the National People's Party (NPP) has not yet convened a meeting to discuss the MDC elections to the KHADC and JHADC, the constituency has moved forward.
Answering additional questions, the Minister said that to open any new block, there are no rules to be followed but the village is in the hands of the people.
Shillong, June 08: Police in North Garo Hills District have arrested Ronick M Sangma, 35, for allegedly raping a three-year-old girl at Dainadubi.
“We cannot say that the influx of foreigners who come to trade and work in Jaintia Hills has been terrible.
He said that the reason why he came to support this issue is because he understands that 40% of the Garo and 40% of the Khasi-Jaintia are no longer in line with the ratio.
According to information received, no casualties were reported at the time of writing.
Shillong, March 04: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, today said that there are many officers at the revenue collection gate at Dainadubi. Great.
At the meeting, the Prime Minister will also lay the foundation stone of Phase I of the Integrated Complex Karmayogi Bhavan in New Delhi.
We have demonstrated this through our policies to discourage such activities.
There are 11 recoveries from East Jaintia Hills, 1 from East Jaintia Hills, 7 from East Khadi Hills, 2 from Ri Bhoi and 1 from West Jaintia Hills. In East Khasi Hills, 34 cases have been confirmed positive and in West Khasi Hills, 10 cases have been confirmed.
Shillong, July 22: After the closure of admission, 2149 students have been admitted to Kiang Nangbah Govt College according to the seat capacity in all classes from Higher Secondary and Degree. .
Shillong, Nailar 31: Dr. DM Thappa has been appointed as the Director of NEIGRIHMS since June 2017 with the aim of improving the health services at the hospital.
The office has directed the contractors to obtain work permits to bring in more workers to complete the construction of these two schools as soon as possible. (MGCC) to increase the number of employees.
The deceased was identified as Stephan Kharduit of Mawmang village. The other injured were Chestarwell Marboh, the driver of the vehicle and Leader Marboh. the village of Nongdawah.
“In the spirit of unity and unity within the region, the KJCLF appeals to the Assamese people and the residents of the region to fight against the perpetrators of hatred and to fight against those who destroy the faith and “The Forum urges the parents and the public to protect the teachers and teachers who are dedicated to guiding the people for the betterment and development of the country. future of children.
However, the Traffic Police Department has implemented another tactic, that is, the police when passing through the road will also wear spy cams and once they have investigated and found those who violate the law, they will be punished. summon them with a heavy fine.
To solve these problems we must cooperate with the residents of the border areas.
Nongstoin, Naitung 22: The FKJGP Risiang has sent a letter to the Executive Engineer PWD (Road) Nongstoin Division, West Khasi Hills District demanding that the road from Nongpyndeng to Risiang should be improved. km.
The Constitution of India has clearly stated that the people of India have the right to freedom of expression. their right and also not to reject or choose for the good that can be protected without prejudice.
Furthermore, we are still waiting on the ownership of mineral resources whether we turn to coal, ore or shiap and so on because the laws of India have already violated these rights of ours.
The HYC leader said that Dr Mukul should not celebrate the 1st of June as April Fool Day and urged the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma to open the door. This is the Mawlai C&RD Block.
Besides his mother, his sister Agatha K Sangma was also present when Conrad went to vote in the mid-term elections as the candidate of the National People's Party.
The presence of these Pukni in this area has attracted the attention of the people especially the tourists from outside the State who also get out of the car to sit and ring and feed these Pukni.
“We would like to send a message to all the Sikh community in India that they should not worry about the incident in Shillong and should not believe false news through social media or spread by anyone because of the incident. Shillong is a safe place for Sikhs,” said Sirsa.
On the other hand, the food and beverage traders are still waiting to receive the price of the taxes in terms of goods.
He said that the situation in the khaddar system is related to the peace and order in the village.
He said that the Union wants to conduct refresher training for newly arrived employees as it used to be every six months but since the NHM approved this training has not been conducted for more than 10 years. skip.
Shillong, Naitung 29: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) together with the Union of Shong Rangbah Shnongs have met with the Minister of Lands and Lands, Dr RC Laloo to ask the government to take over the Luckiar Road which has about three acres of land for the benefit of the people.
These khnams which are still used by the Khatar Shnong area to preserve the color of the sum khnam were invited by the government at the State Central Library in the past few days.
Applicants must have passed a Degree or its equivalent from any university recognized by any University.
With the introduction of the rules approved by the Cabinet today, there will be no more tax evasion after the rules are not implemented across the state.
These are funded through PM Cares.
The party said that the State Reservation Policy 1972 should also be implemented in the semi-government departments/corporations/private establishments to create job opportunities for the youth in the state.
At the same time, make sure you are using homemade masks.
Contact tracing and quarantine should be 72 hours.
He said that according to the RTI, they have found that there are still jobs without advertisement in 2017, 2018 and
During the meeting, he also expressed his gratitude to the central government for providing funds in many areas.
July 28: The Joint Action Committee on Two Lanes Roads Nongstoin – Wahkaji – Mawthabah – Phlangdiloin – Ranikor has expressed its regret over the statement of the Chief Executive Member (CEM) Bah Pynshngain N Syiem which has appeared in various media. He said that he cannot issue NOC for the Nongstoin-Wahkaji-Mawthabah road due to the opposition of some people from outside the area who do not benefit from this road and not because of the danger of uranium. .
People have been found to have gained strength through this treatment.
Shillong, Iaiong 24: The purpose of the State Central Library of the Government is to collect and store books published in Meghalaya and also to purchase books that are necessary for the public to get information. , as it is now, the Government Library is lacking in many respects in terms of availability of books.
Shillong, November 20: The residents of Tyrna, train drivers and house owners have joined hands to repair the road from Mawmluh to Mawshamok on Saturday.
This shows that Bah Rowell is talking nonsense and childishly.
During the visit, Minister Kyrmen Shylla accompanied by Sohra MLA Gavin Mylliem met with the families of the deceased and handed over Rs 4 lakh each. In this meeting, the Minister promised that the government will provide its support.
Other sources said that the JHADC has informed the DCA of what happened inside the JHADC on Thursday and what remains now is for the DCA to inform the Governor of Meghalaya. Shillong, November 23: The Central Puja Committee (CPC) will hold a meeting to elect the CEM at the Sri Aurobindo Institute, Shillong. Nepali Puja Committee, Lower Jail Road, Shillong.
While other states like Arunachal Pradesh, Goa, Gujarat, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Nagaland, Orissa, Sikkim, & the Union Territories (UTs) of Andaman & Nicobar Islands, Chandigarh, Daman &Diu, Dadra & Nagar Haveli , Lakshadweep and Puducherry, have not yet established a Minority Commission in these states.
The Yatra was inaugurated by the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi on 15th November, 2023 at Khunti, Jharkhand. More than 1 lakh people and 259 Gram Panchayats were reached on the first day.
It means to carry tynjuh in the body or shoulders; it means to force the tynjuh to carry or tynjuh; it means to think, but responsibility means to accept to leave anything behind.
The group looks forward to the inner line permit system to protect the people from the invasion of foreigners especially those who have been excluded from the NRC of Assam.
At the same time, FKJGP requests Kimfa Marbaniang MLA Rambrai and Bah Bajop Pangrope MDC Rambrai to appeal to the Government authorities to improve this bad road.
The government, which used to receive T.700 crore annually from coal, has now lost.
The money has already been released through the Contingency Fund and now it is necessary to arrange for this payment.
There have been 93,758 cases of COVID-19 in the state since the beginning of the pandemic, of which 92,121 have recovered and 1,593 have died.
Tourism sites in connection with World Tourism Day, ASI sites, schools, highways and adjacent areas, zoos, sanctuaries, parks and other crowded places, pledge to prevent the use of plastic and programs where no waste is produced.
This scheme is also implemented in the heat and cold when allocating land for selling, to ensure that the allocation of land will be without any discrimination.
During the celebration of this special day, up to 70 people have donated their blood to those in need.
On this day, vehicles coming from Jaiaw Central have to pass through Riatsamthiah to reach Motphran and vehicles coming down from Motphran have to pass through the royal palace of the Mylliem Hima.
According to sources, the truck collided with a tourist taxi and D.Vishwa, 19, a table tennis player, was damaged. Dipak Das, 35, was killed in the accident.
Referring to the MDA government, he said that if they don't agree, they will leave and at the same time, if the NPP doesn't agree, they can leave, but his visit is to reconcile. The BJP has not been rejected in the MDA government as one is Minister and the other is Chairman.
The decision was taken after a thorough research and consultation with various groups on dangle education.
At this meeting, the Minister explained the preparations of the government to fight against the COVID-19 pandemic. The government has made new rules for staying at home for those who test positive.
This book is great because the author wrote it like it is.
It is also prohibited to store coal along the NH-4
In his speech, the Chief Superintendent of Police of East Khasi Hills District said that superstition as a demon has taken many lives.
They urged the Minister to accept this action of the people which has been going on since ancient times to allow the Rangbah Shnongs to give permission to build new houses.
Speaking to reporters, the president of HITO, Bah Donbok Dkhar, said that the society has distributed these syrnot to these people who live in this area.
Many people now wonder whether the MHIS will convene public hearings on this scheme when the Election Commission announces the elections in Meghalaya, whether the model code of conduct will work or not. .
The blood donation was conducted at NEIGRIHMS, Shillong.
It is learned that these two wells have not been dry in the past decades, but in 2020 and 2021 they have dry.
The KSU believes that if the cooperation continues in the past few days, the corona virus will not spread in the state, according to a statement sent by the General Secretary of the KSU Samle Donald V Thabah. .
Shillong, Naiwieng 25: Hundreds of people today took part in a march against the discrimination against women in Meghalaya. a state that respects women.
Officers who witnessed the event also gave an explanation on various schemes including Education, Agriculture, Rural Development, Health, Water Supply, Social Welfare, NRLM, Labor Department and others.
The meeting was conducted by Bah K Paul Syiem Rangbah Shnong in the presence of the village officials.
Shillong, May 01: Unidentified persons have robbed a vehicle number ML-05D-6307 on 30th June 2013. The robbers have recovered T.17000 cash and two mobile phones belonging to you Build Nadan.
He said that the Union still needs a lot of contribution from the public in order to hold this tournament. He said that the target of raising funds for this tournament is 123.28 lakhs. Rijied Khatrai, Spokesperson, said that for those children who wish to participate, they have already registered and the registration will end on the 1st of November.
Rev. Ferdinand Dkhar, Administrator of the Diocese of Jowai, was born on 26th June, 1962 in Longkaluh, Jowai. He studied at the Seminary in Upper Shillong. Oriental Theological College of the Diocese of Shillong and was ordained on 23rd July
Lyngkot 12: The Khasi Student Union (KSU) Laskein Circle in a statement issued by Samla Ioolang Lathong, Publicity Secretary, has strongly condemned the robbers and bloodthirsty people involved in the injury to one of the elders of Biar village. Kenny Papang and at the same time they burnt down the vehicle of the man until it burnt down.
She said that since the father of Bah Phingwell Muktieh became an MLA, the situation has been declining and she cannot just look at the backwardness of the area. It has taken this decision to propose to the people that it cannot work better for the people.
At the same time, COMSO fully supports the NESO curfew. COMSO calls on the people and all the leaders to stand up against the CAB. whether inside the council or outside the council.
Replying to a question raised by Jansing Tynsong MDC Congress from Lyngkyrdem Laitkroh Constituency, Bah Pangniang said that regarding the Hima, Raid, Elaka and Village They should have their own map and through this map all the problems and border disputes in the Hima can be resolved.
On this occasion, a pledge was also taken that by 2022, India will be free from corruption, free from terrorism, to eradicate poverty and free from discrimination. In his speech, Bah Pala urged the KVKs, ICAR, District Administration, all agencies and the government to work together to hold the event. Sankalp Se Siddhi will be achieved in
The celebration was held at Mairang at the Tirot Singh Memorial Hall. In his speech, Bah Vincent H Pala MP Lok Sabha, urged to look after the farmers to help them when they are affected by the natural disasters. through the Prime Minister Fasal Insurance Scheme.
The special committee comprises the Commissioner and Secretary, Education Department and State Mission Director, SSA-SEMAM as Chairman and State Project Director, SSA-SEMAM and Director of School Education and as Member Secretary and Secretary to the Ministry of Education.
The public is requested to attend this meeting.
Shillong, Nailur 27: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today announced that by the end of April, flights will start operating directly from Delhi to Shillong and from Shillong to Delhi.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has already announced that during the election period, it is prohibited for the public to carry more than T.50,000/- tyngka. money beyond what was bet.
The site for the university is at Umsning where the construction of buildings for the permanent campus has started and covers an area of ​​10 acres and the construction will cost about Rs 5 crore.
This earns trust from our people.
Therefore, the candidate appealed to the people to contribute to the party when it comes to power it will bring benefits to the people.
The Minister of Home Affairs said that while the HNLC is preparing to reach a peace talks, it should stop all its illegal activities, the HNLC should understand the government's wishes. to reach a peaceful dialogue.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: Bah John F Kharshiing, Vice-President and Bah Bor Diengdoh, Treasurer, Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) took part in a special meeting to discuss the election of the new office bearers of India. Olympic Association (IOA), on February 9, 2014, in New Delhi, in the presence of officials of the International Olympic Committee (IOC), and a senior official from the Ministry of Sports, Government of India.
The conference showcased the activities of the ECD Mission, and the contribution of specialized partner agencies such as Sesame Workshop India in providing play-based education in line with the National Curriculum Framework ( NCF) and NEP 2020.
The Parliamentary Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh will be the chief guest to open the festival. Government officials from Ri Bhoi District.
He said that the Dorbar Shnong should not be clean.
The Delimitation Committee has conducted public hearings across the districts of Khasi Hills to seek the opinion of the public and various groups in this regard.
So far, about 50,000 people have been left homeless in Manipur, about 10,000 houses have been destroyed and about 500 places of worship have been destroyed.
Bah W Khyllep Secretary, Law Department and other government officials.
In this regard, the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Friday held a special meeting with the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem. to direct the Syiem of Nongstoin Hima that the Rangbah Shnongs shall no longer issue No Objection Certificate (NoC) to foreigners who wish to do business within the boundary of the Hima Nongstoin.
The Shillong Municipal Board, the Shillong Cantonment Board and the Hima Mylliem have agreed to work together to bring about cleanliness in Mawlong Market as this is the dirtiest place in Shillong compared to others. places.
New Delhi, Nailar 16: The repeal of Articles 370 and 35A has been fulfilled, said Prime Minister Narendra Modi while speaking at the 73rd Independence Day celebrations of the country. in the City of Delhi.
After a heavy search by the police, these militants, whom the police have identified as a gang of robbers, on the other hand, Miksong, the leader who left the ANVC(B), left for the ANVC(B). to meet with religious leaders and say they want to surrender before the police.
The award was received by Dr. N. Prakash, Director, KVK, Ri Bhoi District.
He reminded that the HYC Mawlai was able to distribute these donations thanks to the blessings of a family of orphans on 30th October 2020 where the HYC Mawlai soldiers themselves donated their own donations. the family needs help.
Speaking to reporters after inspecting the hospital, Dr Mukul said that there is still a lot of work to be done to improve the hospital. state.
The swearing-in ceremony started with Bah Victor Ranee from 1-Jirang constituency, the first in the KHADC and ended with Bah Gigur Myrthong from 29-Mawshynrut constituency.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: The spread of the news of shortage of milk has spread rapidly and the people have rushed to buy milk at twice the price of the usual price.
The Chief Minister expressed his satisfaction to be able to start the export of soybeans from the state to foreign countries.
Jowai, November 07: The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah WMS Pariat has laid the foundation stone for the construction of Ialong Park in Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The Minister in charge of Land Affairs of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Kyrmen Shylla, on his election campaign for the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNLC). NPP candidate Clement G Momih in Ampati said that the MDA government which has worked with the NPP, UDP and other political parties will last for five years.
Synrem said that the state government has been in talks with the HPC for six years and the 7th of June will be the last time that the government will hold talks with the HPC. The government will have to send it back for review of the documents.
Seven persons were arrested while the driver of the truck, Bah Hamles Kurbah from Nongkliew, escaped.
However, there is another misunderstanding, there is a struggle in 1984 with other political parties, the HSPDP and the PDIC. In 1997, the leaders once again reached an agreement to dissolve all the parties. The HPU has agreed to form the UDP, saying that the UDP has turned 62 years old and has been taken from the past years.
The Secretary of the Village, Bah Marius Nongsiej, in his speech, expressed his gratitude to the Executive Engineer (EE), for discussing and conveying these issues to the Dorbar.
The session will start on 8th November 2017, will be the last session of the current Assembly and at the same time Meghalaya will go to the new MLA election in which the people will vote. The election of the Leaders to the Legislative Assembly of the State will be held in June
It is also a way of standardizing the way mental health is treated.
The purpose of this tournament is to bring together the youth of Mawkyrwat Village to unite in the fight against drugs and especially to participate in the fight against drugs.
Meanwhile, the contractor did not appear.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: The CoMSO as part of its joint venture with the North Eastern Federation of Indigenous Peoples (NEFIP) has decided to call for protest programs against the North Eastern Federation (NEFIP). The National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government has decided to introduce the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016 in the current session of Parliament.
It is on this basis that the government has taken many measures by introducing schemes and one of those schemes that the government has implemented for the farmers to help them is the FOCUS scheme and there are others. other schemes for farmers.
Shillong, July 19: The National People's Party (NPP) President Conrad K Sangma, who is also the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the National People's Party (NPP) has convened a meeting of the party presidents convened by the Minister. The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, today expressed his agreement on the theme “One Country, One Election to avoid corruption.
All the members of the resource person, including 2000 persons per state, request the government to listen to their demand and implement it.
Police together with the CSU, Mobile Forensic Crime Scene Unit and the Magistrate rushed to the scene to conduct a thorough investigation. The bodies were taken to the Civil Hospital Khliehriat for postmortem.
According to the complaint, the JSU-WJC has requested clarification on the calculation of the light bill at the price of 10 units in the three months from October to June. monthly at a fixed rate.
We must move forward with this faith now and renewed strength to lead the whole world together," he said.
The Commission will be headed by Chairman NK Singh and consists of members AN Jha, Dr Ashok Lahiri, Dr Anoop Singh, Prof Ramesh Chand and officers.
As of June this year, the RPF has arrested 37 robbers who used to rob passengers by train.
It is useless to bring about various developments in the district if the government forgets about the health of the people,” said Bah MH Dkhar.
The site should be preserved as is, he said.
Shillong, July 24: The Executive Director of the State Disaster Management Authority (SDMA) today informed that a landslide has occurred in Wakpangram village under Mawshynrut Block in West Khasi Hills district. and another man lost his life.
To protect the North East of India from the influx of foreigners, it is necessary to implement the ILP in the North East.
M.Chandra, Joint Secretary, Planning, Investment Promotion and Sustainable Development Department and others will also act as Joint Secretary, Agriculture & Farmer's Department. He will also serve as the Director of Sports and Youth Affairs.
Meghalaya reached the final after beating Mizoram 5-3 in the semi final where Meghalaya scored three goals in the first half and Mizoram scored only one goal. In the second half, Meghalaya and Mizoram scored two goals each.
Shillong, June 18: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today called a meeting with GHE_Connect to discuss the continuation of solar light supply to villages and health centers in the states. , stobes shet and to strengthen the education of children through technology.
Myntri Rangbah Duh also addressed the athletes from all over the country who will take part in the National Games.
Ubah Donbok said that after filing an RTI, the union has found that there is up to Rs 3 crore for the scheme, but how has this money been managed and used? without knowledge and without proper documents and records, and this money is for each year.
During this free medical examination, the residents of the area were not only given medical advice but also examined the residents including blood tests, signs of kidneys. and eye examination by nurses from Bansara Eye Care.
She said she has met religious leaders, Sikh, Parsi, Buddhist, Jain, Christian and Muslim, during the meeting and they said that in Meghalaya there is no problem and the government is ready to work with the people. , the problems encountered can be resolved only within the District Administrations.
In explaining about flood prevention measures.
Pa,im said that it is true that there was a meeting of the residents of the square today with them inside the Hima and the Hima has not given any promise to them because of this decision to not allowing people to sit on the sidewalks is the decision of the honorable court which they have to respect.
On the 5th and 6th, before leaving the church, a thanksgiving ceremony was held.
Rev.Fr.Richard said that the Catholic Church has not brought about any change in the traditional teaching on marriage and the laws of the Church that marriage should be between a man and a woman. and women and said that those who marry of the same sex can only receive the prayer blessing which the priests give to those who ask for blessings from the hands of the priest.
Police have arrested four persons who tried to flee the scene. Police have revealed that they were trying to abduct the driver of the truck JK02AK9061 named Prem Chand. Gambling Mali.
The pharmacy building will be constructed at a cost of T.15.33 crore for the G+3 building of 1833 AqM. 12.72 crore.
HANM EKH urges the other Durbar Shnongs of HANM EKH not to be happy just to rent houses to foreigners who are not residents of the state but to think first. L Syiemsad President HANM East Khasi Hills District, said:
This was announced by Lin Thongni, President of Mawkyrwat Constituency (Mandal) and Roston Myrthong, President of South West Khasi Hills District.
On the other hand, it is only the Khasi that does not have any snap pawdur in the traditional art because all the creatures from the shangs, kriah, marnar, mawbynna, household images or anything else. those parts of the original deity are those that do not have any form of worship.
The Mary Our Help Training Center (MOHTC) has taken a step forward in its working methods to provide benefits to students and staff by opening a training center under “The Project The Japanese Embassy in India under the Grant Assistance for Grass-Roots Human Security Projects (GGP) is a voluntary scheme initiated by the Government. Japan, to assist the government and non-profit organizations to implement many needs such as equipment and other needs in India.
Rajive Kumar said the election will be held in nine phases.
On the other hand, the union is deeply saddened to see that the people who are still taking part in this march have been attacked by unknown persons, in which the state government has not been able to provide protection. to the people who organize the march.
Similarly, the elders of Jaintia Hills also agreed to send their reports to the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council for the enactment of the law as soon as possible.
The training was held at the ground floor of St Dominic School in Mawkhar where the residents of Mawkhar area and surrounding areas took part along with the students.
The people of Meghalaya and Assam live in peace with our government and the Prime Ministers want only that.
The Congress leader said that the NPP-led MDA government has taken the assistance of the BJP only to prevent corruption.
At the XXVII Convocation, the Union Minister will deliver a speech and honor those who have passed well. According to the estimate, 127 students will receive awards and 38 students will receive gold medals. , 87 Rector's  Gold Medal winners.
When the All Assam Students Union (ASU) staged a protest in Mangaldoi and Darrang districts with the Anti-Foreigners Movement, they signed the Assam Accord in 1985 which is still in force. off Year) is from 24th October, 1971 because it was after 1971 that millions of Bangladeshis and Pakistanis entered the North East.
The Chief Minister said that the provision of educational institutions in the state will attract students from other states of India to study in the state and this will lead to the development of the state in terms of education. many sides.
A seminar on health was conducted by Dr. Subodh Kandamuthan, Director, Dr. Kakarla Subba Rao Center for Healthcare Management at ASCI. Government of Meghalaya, Dr. Phunchok Norbo, Mission Director, ABDM, Ladakh, and Dr. A. Arun Prince Milton, Scientist, ICAR, Meghalaya.
On receiving a tip, the BSF troops arrested two persons who were riding a bike to Borsora with the intention of entering Bangladesh. These drugs were seized.
Out of these, 4818 villages have mobile signal and now with the opening of RJio BTS in Jair, the number of villages with mobile signal has now increased to
The University authorities will immediately set up a COVID-19 Task Force to look into and listen to the concerns of students across the state regarding the conduct of online classes and examinations.
All the Presidents and Secretaries of the branches across the state are requested to attend the meeting. specifically and bakin take this as a cue.
The office bearers include President Roland Lyngdoh, Vice President Banteiboklang Nongshli, General Secretary Moris Lyngdoh, Assistant Secretary Jumping Shadap, Finance Secretary Banraplang Nongshli. - Bah Pynkmenlang Nongshli, Education Secretary Markus Makri and 10 members of the Executive Committee.
On this occasion, prizes were also awarded to the winners of various competitions organized by the party. Mementos were also distributed to the former leaders of the party. women who have contributed to the implementation of the activities of the party.
It is very old and can no longer support the delivery of electricity to the households and even the charging of mobile phones can no longer support especially at this time when school children use mobile phones regularly. to take online classes.
In his speech, Dr Mukul also spoke about agriculture which is one of the sources of income for the people. He also spoke about the benefits that the people have received from the MHIS in terms of health. In his speech, Cherak W.Momin, MLA of this area, said that the people of MHIS have now understood the benefits of MHIS. He said that the examination center at Adogre has helped a lot to the students who are taking the matric examination as they now don't have to go to Kharkutta. the government has.
The college was opened on 21st November this year and has been merged with Shillong College as it is awaiting approval from NEHU. Others who attended the ceremony were Bah HDR Lyngdoh MLA Roshan Warjri, MLA Julius Dorphang, MLA John F Kharshiing and many other elders of the area were present to witness the ceremony. sun.
, Mawiong, Pankaj Kumar Rasgania, IPS as Special Superintendent of Police (CID), Vikash Varma, IPS as Superintendent of Police (SCRB), Naman Kumar, IPS as SDPO Raksamgre, Dewansh Pandey as SDPO Ishan Gupta, IPS, SDPO of Dadenggre and Ashish, IPS, SDPO of Sadar.
Speech was also delivered by Bah David Syiemlieh, Rangbah Shnong of Dong Mawbah who said that the Unit has taken this opportunity to celebrate with these young children. She also promised that the village will support the KSU through the donation of bynhei in terms of school support as planned by the Seng.
Shillong, March 12: The President of HANM, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, on Tuesday said that the Central Government has not taken action on the decisions of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly on two issues. state every claim has good good phew years.
They were the only ones who thought about their duties.
Besides the distribution of medicines, other necessary items such as khiew shet were also distributed to the students of Omkhawa Upper Primary School. village leader.
In this regard, the party invites all members from CEC members, District Units, Circles and Units to attend.
The Central Government has decided to expedite and expand the COVID 19 vaccination campaign across the country.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MDC Mawkynrew Constituency, said that as an MDC in a small position, it is very difficult for him to provide a lot of assistance through development projects. He said that as a Nongmihkhmat, he cannot help but try to find ways and means when the work requires for the welfare of the residents of Mawkynrew Constituency.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, the leaders of the college, Bah T Ram Phawa, said that the government should provide the necessary facilities at the college and these demands have been met. it has now been seven years.
Shillong, Nailar 12: The Joint Coordination Committee between the FKJGP and KSU Upper Shillong Circle has arrested several persons who have misused the names of the two FKJGP and KSU Upper Shillong Circle. Leaders of the Joint Coordination Committee (FKJGP & KSU Upper Shillong Circle) have met face to face with several people living in Upper Shillong and Mylliem area to seek clarification and apology. immediately and also to warn that they should not misuse the names of the two parties (FKJGP & KSU) from now on.
A market was also held at the festival where the artworks, paintings and tourist attractions of the North East were exhibited and there was also music from the region.
The congestion of the road is also a factor in the smooth movement of these vehicles.
Bah Sunn MLA of Mawphlang, as he is an independent MLA, cannot join the party but what he can do is to join the UDP as an Associate Member of the UDP. .If the UDP accepts the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly will have to arrange the seat in the Assembly together with the UDP MLAs. Led by the NPP, Bah Sunn's joining the UDP has strengthened the ruling party in the Legislative Assembly.
Expressing concern over the shortage of funds from the central government in some states, he said that “instead of the central government looking into the shortage of funds, the states should improve the their work and be ready to request more financial assistance from the central government for the speedy implementation of health-related schemes.
Overloading is a loss to the state.
All those who have applied for the post of Police Officer are requested to arrive on these dates according to their respective areas.
To monitor the expenditure of candidates in the constituencies during the elections, the Election Commission of India will set up three Flying Squads in each constituency to monitor the expenditure of the people. candidate or supporters of candidates.
The village urges the MLA and MeECL to find ways and means to solve this problem especially in Shella village which borders with Bangladesh where criminals come to the village. you for afternoon.
Many people were injured in a road accident in Garo Hills.
At present, the registration with MHIS in the state is only about 78%, what is happening is that many people do not believe in Aadhaar and MHIS until they are sick they will come.
Kerlang Sohtun, 47, resident of Lumshatsngi, Shillong, Shillong, has been missing since 5th June, 2024, but no one has been found. and he found faithfulness to this old man.
Proteins produced in the blood to fight antibodies help the human body to fight the coronavirus.
At this meeting, the Deputy Commissioners of different districts of the state were directed not to sleep but to be on duty 24 hours a day.
This urgent decision of the NGT will bring about a change from happiness to sadness and mourning among the people of Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Nailur 11: An Auto Rickshaw on its way from Mankachar, Assam to Tura has collapsed at Agillanggre in Tura today. Three people were killed and many others injured in the incident.
Answering a question on the desire of the rebel group to talk peace, the Prime Minister said that they should come first and they will talk without any rules according to the provisions of the Constitution. in India.
By reviving the spirit of empathy and understanding of the feelings of others, as well as by living a life of knowledge of man and knowledge of God, we can rebuild and make the country prosperous and happy.
Because it is the season when the sohtrun is ripe, these smaller ones are sold at a lower price and as affordable as possible.
The police department has sent more police to the area to strengthen the security.
Police have seized T.34.65 lakh from the house of Lingstone CH Marak of Chachatgre village and T.100,000 from Simple CH Momin.
“No person shall sell or offer to sell or for sale under any description, soybeans produced using acetylene gas also known as carbide gas.
“As a party that stands on the basis of fighting corruption, on a few occasions the Government has tried to mislead the people by saying that we don't know anything about the Lok Ayukta Act. “After we looked at the Lok Ayukta Act, we said we are not school children, we have already read the Act,” he said. the Rules, we find that this action of the Government is wrong.
Other parties like the NPP, UDP want the ILP to be implemented while the NCP and MDP want to look into this issue as it will affect the state in many ways. .
Shillong, March 23: Out of the 60 constituencies in the Legislative Assembly, the election campaign has started in Natiang Constituency where the candidates are equal in power, the incumbent MLA Bah Sniawbhalang has said. The other two candidates are Bah Jopthiaw Lyngdoh, IAS, who has resigned from the government service, and Bah Draison Kharshiing. The former MLA from the constituency will contest from the PDF. The conflict of the people of the constituency is between these three candidates.
Police have taken the mother, who is believed to be between 58 and 60 years old, for treatment and later placed her in a homeless shelter. She was taken to Ferando Shelter Home for treatment.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The Additional Secretary and Director General, Labor Welfare, Union Government, Anil Swarup, in his speech at the State Level Workshop held at Polo Towers today, said that He said the central government is looking for ways and means to implement the RSBY Cards in many areas.
When police arrived at the Civil Hospital, police identified the victim as Saborika Dhar, 26 years old.
At the same time, Prestone warned those who are responsible for spreading false news, if they have responsibility for the state like the government, they should refrain from such false news.
The meeting also discussed the ACS which is for those teachers who have not been promoted to Vice Principal or Principal but for such teachers who have worked for many decades. salaries should be increased.
: Khasi Students Union (KSU) Leader Lambokstar Marngar on Tuesday said that the KSU cannot understand the government's intention to merge all colleges with Capt.
He said that sometimes the orders of the Supreme Court are only man-made laws, many of the judges are foreigners and therefore it is difficult for them to understand the customs and traditions of the country and the nation.
Therefore, the two parties demand that the JHADC should respect the voice of the people and not to mislead them in the appointment process, but should inform the public so that the appointment process in the JHADC will be transparent. The JYF and JSU will continue to expose the wrongdoings of the JHADC. (SP News) The two parties will continue to expose the wrongdoings of the JHADC. (SP News).
The action of the government at that time was wrong, in fact it should have been allowed to complete the investigation as it was done in the case they alleged in which the investigation lasted for more than two years.
John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MSPB, said that 71% of all vehicles in Karnataka are two wheelers used by the public due to the shortage of vehicles. public transportation to the surrounding areas.
In her speech, Roshan Warjri, MLA of this constituency, Minister of Home Affairs, said that to reach the goal is only through hard work. Mothers, fathers and mothers and children as well, but if we endure and stand firm, we will overcome the difficulties.
Shillong, Nailur 29: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Shillong, on Tuesday said that the spread of the COVID-19 virus has been seen in all the doctors of the world. After 10 days, those who test positive cannot spread the disease to others and they still have sufficient evidence.
In this regard, the CEM said that the reason for the delay is due to the government's refusal to allow the KHADC to implement the project itself.
The General Secretary of the MSOA, Bah Finely Pariat, said that it should be remembered that this is only a district game and that we should not expect too much that these things will be perfect.
This action of the management of NEIGRIHMS has caused the Seng to suspect that there may be something behind it.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Secretary of the Legislative Council of KHADC, Bah A Shangpliang, said that those who have filed their nomination papers for the election for the post of Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) have only Bah. Nongsiej, when the nomination paper of the PDF candidate was examined, it was found to be sufficient.
Party office bearers from across the state especially the District and Block Presidents of the party were present on the occasion.
According to information received by SP News Agency, India owns 559 hectares of land between India and Bangladesh while Bangladesh owns only 40 hectares.
Police have rushed to Barundanga Police Station in Tamarhat District under the leadership of SIKP Singh and conducted a search operation in collaboration with Assam Police. can this girl be set free.
According to the plan, the princess will visit Mawlynnong, Pdeng village above Dawki and will also visit Pongtung and Nohwet villages on the way to Mawlyngong.
Shillong, Oct 29: All India Radio Shillong has invited applications for the post of journalists.
As a leader of the people, he has been looking for ways to solve the problems faced by the state because in this state, the income for the people is only from the coal mining industry. the mining industry must go in order for people to survive.
Due to the increase in the number of cases of COVID-19 in Assam, even in the midst of the curfew, there are still vehicles entering and leaving Assam from West Jaintia Hills District. Section 144 CrPC has been enforced throughout the District.
The implementation of digital programs in the North Eastern States was also discussed.
Former CEM of KHADC, Titosstarwell Chyne, was also present.
Shillong, Nailur 29: The Spes Unica, Meghalaya Region, one of the voluntary groups of the Catholic Church established by the Holy Cross, has organized a special training camp for the children who are still in school. The program is called 'Free Leadership Training and Faith Formation for the Students' which will last for four days from the 27th to the 30th. The theme was “You are the light of the world” at Holy Cross Higher Secondary School, Mawkynrew.
This happens once a year only in this month, this blue color of the Lukha River has caused a lot of trouble and difficulty to the people living in the villages along this river, because this water has been Therefore, the fish in this river have died and this has caused a loss to those who live in this river.
He urged the people to cast their votes with integrity, dignity and truthfulness.
The teachers of the school did not take part in the strike under the banner of JACATAM. On the other hand, the principal of the school, Bah Boldness L Nongum, said that the students of KSA They started their examination today and all the teachers came to school as usual.
: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Nongthymmai Circle as part of the development of talented youth in sports has inaugurated the Maitshaphrang MMA and Fitness Team. Lumiawblot Community Hall, New Zealand.
The Director General of Police, Meghalaya, Idashisha Nongrang was the chief guest at a meeting held at the Shillong Club headquarters in the presence of the members. organization.
The leaders suggested to continue the curfew and the release will be partial after the end of the curfew.
Shillong, Naitung 12: The Meghalaya Police today confirmed that a policeman from West Garo Hills District has tested positive for COVID-19 on Saturday. three in East Jiantia Hills District.
The deterioration of the computers inside the office is not only this time but from time to time and this has caused a lot of trouble to the people because if they are slow to renew their vehicle license plates and other problems they will suffer. haka Fine.
This game is also a tribute to those freedom fighters from this area.
In case of child rape, the rules should be followed.
Speaking at the meeting, Superintendent of Police (Traffic) K. Prasad said that the purpose of the National Road Safety Month is to raise awareness among the public on the safety of drivers and passengers in the state. and throughout the country.
The Seng urged the authorities to immediately visit the area to investigate these thefts and to cut off the lights immediately and punish them according to the law. law.
He also expressed his satisfaction that through this day, these trees have been planted to become plants to protect against the destruction of the environment.
The relevant authorities should conduct a postmortem in a proper manner as the case depends on the report and records.
Police have received a tip that a suspected drug dealer has come from Silchar in a Sumo to Shillong. A complaint has been registered at Lumshong Police Station.
Those under the AAY category will receive 35 kilos of rice at the price of three tyngka.
Besides the ILP, the demands are also to include the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution.
The Bill provides for the issuance of new mineral concessions such as Exploration License (EL) under the Act.
Shillong, Lber 28: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) led by Bah Lamphrang Kharbani as President of the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) in the presence of Bah Suprian Mallai President of New Shillong Circle and Bah R Rapsang. and Assistant Secretary.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Dr. Kong J.Laloo said that the post of LD has been vacant since the transfer but no one has come to replace her.
The JSU Syndai Unit has raided the documents of foreigners who came to work with Airtel in Syndai Mission in the presence of the President of the JSU. Bankerlang Lamurong and others.
This has created a lot of difficulties for the people who come from other distant places to complete their work on time and this lack of time often discourages the people who have been waiting for their opportunities. help from them.
He said that in the mid-term elections in South Tura, Bah Kyrmen Shylla said that the NPP candidate should win with dignity. On this occasion, the Chief Minister promised the MDA to work together for the development of the state. Meghalaya in all aspects.
Shillong, Nailar 28: U Bah NK Sun, President of the Seng Khasi, Marbisu, passed away today at his residence in Marbisu.
Shillong, Shillong, said that all advertisements for the elections or posters will not be allowed. This will apply to both the District Council Elections of KHADC and JHADC. Shillong. The Under Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya in charge of General Administration (A) today announced that the 27th of this month is the polling day for the election of MDCs. which fall within the Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills.
Why, as we know that India has existed since 1947 and in 1950 the Constitution of India came into force and this ST, SC has been in force since
Raninder in his speech said that the rules of the National Sports Code should not be violated and expressed his gratitude that they still trust him as a leader. .
The scheme uses E-KYC based on Aadhaar, uses an IT platform, and uses SMS notifications for application notifications.
The MDA meeting will be held again in November.
This CHC is also the first CHC to receive a Blood Storage Unit license, and it needs a BSU because we cannot take heavy cases without blood. and we hope that we shall have the blood.
The bomb was seized by the police and placed in their custody and is being investigated by the Bomb Detection and Disposal Squad (MDDS) of the state police. Meghalaya.
India is also looking at the establishment of FPOs and the improvement of agriculture-related activities.
Those who have returned to the state are 33424 people.
In this regard, the HYC Ri Muliang Circle President Disterborlin Wanniang together with the President of the HYC Ri Muliang Circle Unit Samla Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh on Tuesday visited the union. The District Medical and Health Officer (DM&HO) of West Khasi Hills District to discuss the illegal sale of drugs by foreigners in Tynghor, Langja, Langpih and other villages on the border of West Khasi Hills District. .
Regarding the employees, the officers have come to work 100% and the others are still coming 33% and their attendance is according to the schedule.
After receiving the RTI letter, Jana found that there was a fraud in counting their daily wages because instead of 8 days, they received only four days.
One type of disease opens the way for another.
The number of cows seized so far in 2016 alone is 1749. The BSF has seen that the smuggling of cows to Bangladesh has a huge profit from this. you don't buy cattle.
If there is no one in the house, they will shoot and bomb and say that he has killed with a knife like Bah Cheris.
Retired soldiers and widows who lost their spouses in defense of the country.
Last year, the Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) had organized the Under 16 tournament, and these players were sent to Mumbai to take part in the tournament. They have won the title for their state even though they are only juniors but they have been able to bring glory.
According to the National Action Plan to prevent and eradicate the spread and eradication of African Swine Flu prepared by the Ministry of Agriculture, Villages declared as 10 kilometers around will be considered as Infected Zone and Villages within 10 km of the Infected Zone will be considered as Infected Zone. to monitor the Surveillance Zone.
Also, the P20 summit has elevated India’s status as the mother of democracy.
The police will take strict action against such people.
As the children of Hynniewtrep we should be proud that we have these traditional teachings and knowledge of ancient times which guide us in our daily lives and in our work since the time of kulong kumah and these they are still true today.
The purpose of this fitness center is to encourage young men and women to exercise so that they can have a healthy body and especially to encourage young people who have fallen into physical fitness. toxic substances so that they can regain a new lease of life.
“The CM also announced the rolling out of the CM’s Research Scholarship Program which is spearheaded by the Arts & Culture Minister, Paul Lyngdoh where the Government will support close to 50 researchers up to 3 lakh rupees per researcher/scholar annually to conduct research on the Culture and other historical aspects of the State.
In 2014, Purno A. Sangma contested the Lok Sabha elections from 2014 to 2016 and passed away on 4th June,
Miss Meghalaya, 2022 and Miss Northeast, 2022, Irene Dkhar, performed a special song for her, sung by Lincoln Nixon Dkhar. , followed by other gifts, namely, two commemorative mementos, namely, for the victory of Miss Meghalaya, 2022, and Miss Northeast, and traditional clothes and Rs.6000/-.
Shillong, November 10: U Awhai Andrew Shullai MDC today joined the TMC party at a public meeting held in Jowai and on the same day was announced as the candidate for the election. MLA election, 2023 in Jowai.
Shillong, Nailar 29: The KSU Umrynjah Unit has handed over the public outlet to the Dorbar Shnong Umrynjah. Before handing over the outlet, a short meeting was held to approve the These young men have joined the Seng.
This Shad Suk Mynsiem was organized by the Seng Khasi, known as the Shad Weiking, which is one of the most famous dances of the Khun Hynniewtrep. I have pateng to you now.
About 200 people from 120 households in these two villages have received the benefits of this free medicine.
The construction of the Bhairabi to Sairang railway line has been very difficult as the hills have to be cleared in many places and the hills have to be cleared up to 12853 meters out of which 12710 meters have been cleared. the mountains have been destroyed.
The news collection team also found a man who voluntarily while returning from work helped to direct the vehicles to avoid a pothole that had appeared in the middle of the road.
The union has asked for assistance from the government but the government has said it cannot. The union should look after the children who are struggling how to help the children who come from poor families. , as the party, the government should have a sense, said President Kit Thabah.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the Chairman of the CoHSO, Bah Roykupar Synrem, said that after discussion, they have decided to express their opposition to the CAB, The march will be held from Madan Iewrynhep to Madan Malki on the 31st of this month.
The Government has appointed an Expert Committee on the State Reservation Policy through Notification NO.PER (AR) 49/2023/Pt/3 dated 12th September, 2023 headed by Justice (Retd.) Mr. Mool Chand. Garg as Chairman and the members include Justice Dr Satish Chandra, Prof DV Kumar, Prof Chander Shekhar and Prof Subhadip Mukherjee.
Shillong, March 13 : The KSU on Tuesday sent a petition to the Chief Engineer of PWD Roads to express its opposition to the construction of a pandal for the Puja on the road under the jurisdiction of the KSU. PWD because this has caused congestion, traffic jam and discomfort to pass through the pandals for non-Hindus.
The scheme, which covers 18 types of traditional activities, will also empower the artisans through knowledge of modern equipment, marketing, understanding of digital and financial activities and support. of loans, which increase their production capacity and enable them to market their products in a more efficient and orderly manner, he said.
These rules shall be impartial and impartial, shall be in accordance with the principles of human rights and democratic thought and shall be clear and fair. that it will bring good and benefit to all.
0.55 grams of heroin was seized from Rintu and Himraj and 0.11 grams from Imti Shylla and George Bareh.
Shillong, March 11: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today launched the e-CST services for the smooth running of the revenue collection system. in the state and to facilitate traders in payment of tax.
The scheme will generate an additional 30 GW of solar power generation capacity through solar rooftops in residential areas, generating 1000 BU of electricity and will reduce 720 million tonnes of generation equivalent to the release of more than year equivalent to emissions over a 25 year season of systems on rooftops.
In recent years, the planting has been slow and in some cases, it has taken up to seven years.
Other facilities This government school does not have a laboratory for students in science, at the same time it does not have its own library where students can get access to science. that lat information.
On the other hand, as the MLA of the constituency, he has spoken to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, the Minister of Home Affairs, James K Sangma and the Chief Secretary. The Rambrai MLA said that the Assam government has not asked the Assam government to allow these people to return home but the government has taken fear of this.
Seeing this, the BSF chased them away and arrested them but they managed to flee back to Bangladesh.
He also expressed his happiness over the acquisition of a new chapel for the school.
The police team was led by Bah Donkupar Moksha, Dy Superintendent of Police.
He also urged the State Bank to introduce new ways of working which can attract the people in new ways and to have the ability to attract the attention of the people who are the moneylenders and the .
The MLA of Sohiong said that until now there has been no letter from the government whether Sohiong will be included in the new district. ask for the approval of the Chiefs, Priests, Rangbah Shnong.
On the other hand, the union demands that the relevant authorities and the district authorities should immediately address these shortcomings inside the bank which have caused problems to the people of this border area especially during the lockdown and opening. The banks are in accordance with the directives of the Government.
Regarding the motion of no confidence in the EC led by Bah PN Syiem, the PDF should not be confirmed but should be confirmed. 'I now support the PDF, my people want me to contest the MLA 2018 from the PDF'
He said that the ILP is not needed in Meghalaya because there is no 6th Schedule and it will not affect the development of the country.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The campaign for the MLA elections to the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly will end at 4 pm today and the polling will be held on Monday 27/2/2
Shillong, Naitung 04: A group of Grade IV students who have not yet passed their examination today demanded that the District Selection Committee should dismiss the employees of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. who have been confirmed without following the appointment rules of the Government.
The galaxy, known as AUDFs01, was discovered by astronomers led by Dr Kanak Saha of the Inter-University Center for Astronomy and Astrophysics (IUCAA) Pune.
This is the International Rights Day. During the procession, the children wrote on placards that they have worked all day and give them a chance to rest.
She said, “We have brought about conditions for increased employment opportunities and local entrepreneurship opportunities.
Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh was accompanied by her relatives including her son and daughter.
Desh Doomreah has an area of ​​484.72 sq km, Block I and Block II have an area of ​​1547.42 sq km, Khanduli and Psiar have an area of ​​76.80 sq km and Ratacherra has an area of The area of ​​this area is 11.20 sq km.
Shillong, Naitung 06: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh today said that the construction of the new Legislative Assembly has been completed by 85%. The budget for the year 2022-2023 will be passed in the new House.
The truck was carrying coal from Shallang to Golpara, Assam.
He said that recently it was learned that a tender of NEIGRHMS was awarded to an agency from New Delhi on 13 July 2020, and this agency does not have a trading license from KHADC. It should be ensured that non-residents who file the tender should ensure that the trade license is one of the documents required to be submitted along with the financial bid.
All 24 constituencies in Lum Garo have been announced and it is the first time that the Congress party has given tickets to two constituencies for the same candidate. From the same party, Dr Mukul Sangma will contest from Ampati and Songsak.
The number of cases by district is East Khasi Hills 491, BSF 254, civilians 203 and other armed forces
Many youths of Mawklot Village attended the meeting.
On the other hand, Gogoi said the most important thing is to work together between the people and the police.
After this, in the bronze medal match in the women's category, East Khasi Hills District defeated West Garo Hills District 25 – 14, pp. 1 – 11 , 25 – 20 .
Through this achievement, she is now the 5th woman from Arunachal Pradesh and the first woman from the Nyishi community to do this great feat.
New Delhi, Naitung 11: The Central and State Governments have already taken several measures to prevent and control the spread of COVID-1
Speaking on social welfare, the Prime Minister gave the example of ensuring safe drinking water through the JalJeevan Mission.
They also thanked the Central Puja Committee.
On the part of the Seng , we are deeply saddened by the fact that the government has not taken seriously the future of the people in the district and the people in this area regarding the negligence of the government of India uranium does not have the same value of life even as animals.
There are 9 cases in East Khasi Hills District, 2 cases in the Army and 7 cases in the civilian district. 2 civilians.
Shillong, November 06: Shillong Lajong FC today beat Churchill Brother FC 2-0 in the first leg of the I-League Polo Ground. .
Shillong, Nailur 24: The two-day office blockade called by the HNAM to demand the removal of the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills has gone smoothly without any incident. in these two days.
Dr Mukul said that during his tenure as Chief Minister, the GHADC Legislative Assembly was postponed, but there is a reason and that is because of the peace agreement between the ANVC and the GHADC. The State Government and in this agreement has agreed to increase the number of MDCs and not to give more powers to the District Council.
We have implemented the syn wan in power.
When contacted by the residents of the area, they said that for more than six months, the water supply has not been sufficient in the area. happen to him the water pipes or the well.
The Cabinet also approved the amendment to the Meghalaya State Language Act, which will come into force in all 11 districts in the state.
The KSU also urged the state government to take action to ensure that these days should be full holidays for all government offices, schools, banks and private companies.
On this occasion, the President also mentioned the education, the insurgents who are fighting to disrupt the peace and order in the country. do this in most cases.
No.8837461438) Email:.
Four Vice Presidents, Nujorki Syngoh, Allantry Dkhar, Kor Sympli and Utpal Areng were also elected on the occasion.
Worldwide, India ranks third in terms of annual forest area growth, from 2010 to
Speaking on the occasion, Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court, Justice Dinesh, said that the Meghalaya High Court has set a priority that the court in Mariang should have its own court. The courthouse is open because at present the cases are being held in the temporary courthouse.
It is something that is necessary to preserve the environment.
It may be recalled that recently the Assam police have arrested a man and seized a kyrbei and from the statement of the arrested he said that the kyrbei was bought from Meghalaya.
According to sources, the mob who led to Byrnihat burnt down the vehicles of the company which is building the railway line.
The BSF on Tuesday seized 26 cows from the Bangladesh border in East Khasi Hills and West Jaintia Hills. when the traffickers were planning to deport them to Bangladesh.
The workshops are an important step towards involving the youth to share their ideas for Viksit Bharat @2
Due to the darkness of these two villages, the KSU has met with the SDO of MeECL in Mawkyrwat.
Ed batch 2013, to extend the validity period of the D.El.
Meanwhile, vehicles entering Meghalaya have to pass through tests according to the rules laid down by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Dr. Mukul Sangma, who is also the former Chief Minister of Meghalaya, said that in 2010, both the governments had agreed to ensure that there will be no discrimination against the people of the two states. Whether it is on the border with Meghalaya or Assam, people living in areas where there is no conflict can live happily ever after.
Himanta said that within the next 30 days, he and the Chief Minister of Meghalaya will visit Langpih to visit the site and to show the residents that they have the determination to The Chief Minister of Assam has said that the border between the two states will be resolved.
He urged the people not to fall into the trap of foreigners.
Mei ieit Suk Mon was the first mother to settle in Tyrsad Mawlum which is also a village inhabited only by the Kur Khongsit until now.
Regarding the government's desire to implement the smart meter in the state and especially in Shillong, the HYC has expressed its opposition from the first day. put it in writing before the Minister in charge of Electricity.
Hospitals must comply with the rules and obtain No-Objection Certificates (NOCs) from the State Fire Department.
There are 57 illegal coke plants in the Shallang area and the District Administration has already closed down these coal mining factories since November 2022 following the order of the Meghalaya High Court.
After checking the documents, it was found that the bike was from Assam and the bike was handed over to the Dholai Police Station in Cachar District for further investigation. don't according to the law.
At the same time, Bah Syad said that in a meeting with the police of Khliehriat Police Station, he urged them to arrest immediately the suspect who threatened Ency Shadap. to discover the whole truth.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, has expressed his pleasure to be invited to attend the meeting in Guwahati, Assam. He said that the Meghalaya government has been able to curb crime on the border and urged the government of Assam to give full cooperation to fight against these crimes on the border between the two countries. the two states, especially the crimes of terrorism and crime.
All the Presidents, Secretaries and Heads of Schools as well as any teachers who face problems in teaching and 4th Teachers are requested to take their time to attend this meeting. .
Speaking to reporters at his office in KHADC, Bah Pynshngian said, “Someone told me that I have been suspended for one year, and that is evident from the convening of the parliamentary session. The MPCC has written a letter to the President of the MPCC.
On this occasion, the CEM of KHADC said that some Rangbah Shnongs have come to meet and inquire about the Gram Sabha Committee. They have not yet informed the Council, but they have sent a letter from the Central Government through the Panchayatiraj through the Block.
Shillong, July 22: The State BJP has wondered why the Jaintia language has been excluded from the newly composed song as a sign to be released to celebrate the 52nd Anniversary of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Nailar 29: The Hill Farmers Union (HFU) has received complaints from the residents of West and South West Khasi Hills District regarding the high price of biscuits.
If the central government accepts, the Meghalaya government will have to create many posts in the police department as there will be a shortage of staff to do the daily work, the newspapers said.
“If parents don't understand the importance of health, it's useless for us to explain about prevention measures,” she said. “It's a good idea to have food and drink for the children and the family,” said Kong Diengngan.
The delegation will leave for Delhi tomorrow morning to meet the Union Home Minister and after that they will also meet the Chief Minister of Assam.
The States should be informed in advance about the rules and SoPs on the treatment of such patients in hospitals.
If this one is granted, the others should be granted as well,” he said.
During the meeting, they also discussed the jobs for the retired soldiers.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare and the Minister of Education of Meghalaya have implemented the Tobacco Free Educational Institution (ToFEI) program to ban the use of tobacco by school children.
Traders, entrepreneurs, farmers, exporters and officials of the State and Central Governments participated in the workshop which was conducted through digital channels.
Also present on the occasion were Agnes Kharshiing President of CSWO and Poonam Yadav, Lawyer.
Answering questions, he said he is ready to bring about border talks between Meghalaya and Assam if the two governments are ready to hold talks.
Police are conducting a thorough investigation into the incident and are searching for the robbers involved in the robbery and murder.
In a statement to the MDA Government, Bah Nongrum said, “The MDA-II, which is also the MDA-I, has been fighting for this post for three years but has failed in all aspects. the negligence, the irresponsibility of those who claim to be leaders.
The opening ceremony on 18th January, 2024 will explain the objectives of these three new laws, which have been introduced to transform the judiciary of India and better serve the people of the country.
At the end of the ceremony, there was a ball throw between the priests and the Sangot.
This has put the oil company in a difficult position.
At the same time, he said that what happened to Bah NC Shadap is his own business, as the party has nothing to do with it and it is on this basis that the party has removed him temporarily as president. you are from East Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, July 27: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma today said that the Cabinet meeting has approved that those householders who build houses by crossing the boundary on government land in Williamngar will be punished by the government. and it shall be shiphew thousand cubits round about.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: U Bah Comingone Ymbon, Minister in charge of Food and Civil Supplies, today convened a meeting to discuss how to improve the distribution of foodgrains in the presence of officials from the state and government. by Food Corporation of India (FCI).
When they don't know how they are willing to issue labor licenses and how they don't know whether those Nonbylla trai muluk have jobs or not and how do they know whether the nonbylla trai muluk can do that job that the foreigners want to do? It is for these reasons and it is because of the presence of MDCs and EMs who are not responsible for the nation that the development of foreigners in the country is a threat to the nation as a whole.
What has surprised many residents and especially the union is the forced decision of some elders to oppose and file a complaint against the union for requesting RTI on the implementation of NREGS, from Saipung Block. , in the past years from 2009 until before the current work order.
The union would also like to extend its special thanks to the parents and all the teachers who have been instrumental in supporting the students to achieve the fruits of victory.
The Chief Minister also explained about the roads that have been completed and are currently under construction in the state.
The ability of Bah Shangpliang to receive this ambulance within a few days of his victory shows that he has a real spirit to serve the people of the constituency as a whole.
The Government of India has allowed people from other states in the North East to take the RAT test, but from today the Government has decided not to. RTPCR tests are not required for all those who come to the state.
Amit Kumar, Advocate General, Government of Meghalaya was the chief guest on the closing day and Prof. JS Patil, Vice Chancellor, NLUJAA Guwahati was the chief guest.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: The North Eastern Council (NEC) has supported the students of the North Eastern Region to continue their studies in higher education and technical courses.
On the part of the President of India, he congratulated the group and praised them for their efforts to sing in different languages.
On the other hand, Bishop Rev Jala said that after the retirement of St. Benedict, there was a feeling of emptiness in the church because there was no judge, but God did not leave him and now he has given him a father. holy and new.
Police have registered a complaint against the robbers for the petrol bomb blast at Sardar Police Station, Rynjah Police Station and MGCC office. law.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: After receiving complaints from the residents of Mawnianglah, Mawkhan and Mawrashe villages regarding the poor condition of the road and the lack of water drains The village road connecting the three villages, Mawnianglah, Mawkhan and Mawrashe.
Shillong, July 27: The Association of Challenges People of Meghalaya (ACPM) today said that they want the Meghalaya government to take action for the children with disabilities.
Or cleaning up rivers and public spaces.
New Delhi, Naitung 31: The Prime Minister of India in his speech through the 91st Mann Ki Baat is special as India will celebrate its 75th Independence Day. I will witness the day of remembrance.
After the unveiling of the Lama, Prime Minister Narendra Modi will deliver an address to the entire country.
Sywell Lyngdoh, Asst, District Manager BDU, SWKHD. The chief guest in his speech, spoke about how to train ourselves how to be clean from home to the community. The letter written in the year 2070 by the late President of India, Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam.
At this meeting, they demanded that police should be deployed at the gates in the Mooriap area bordering Dimahosa, the patrolling should be throughout Assam and Bangladesh.
The public should understand that the information regarding the fight against COVID-19 is only from the government because the government does not want to mislead the public.
The road is open to any person belonging to the rebel groups including the HNLC person if they come to surrender.
Every night, the villagers guarded the village.
The contribution of the freedom fighters to this country continues to inspire us, she said.
The meeting was held at the Community Hall of the Lawsohtun Dorbar Shnong on Friday evening in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong and Secretary of the Lawsohtun Dorbar Shnong, Executive Members of the Lawsohtun Dorbar Shnong. The Village, Rangbah Dong and Office Bearers of various Dongs of Lawsohtun Village, Rangbah Dong and Villages under Raid Laban together with the Office Bearers of HYC CEC and members from Shillong City.
The areas under the jurisdiction of this new police station are Nonghyllam, Umsur, Nongjri, Umbar, Poitblei, Nongkulang, Pormawdar, Amarsang, Umtengkut, Weikut, Sohling, Chibak, Upper. Chibak, Khonjoy (A), Khonjoy (B), Rangdonggai, Hemanagar, Gelangdra, Kaitakona, Garobita, Garobita, Jaru Bagan, Diengngan, Tinpul Nayagaon, That Seja, That Seja , Rongdikgre, Rongdhigre, Chimasora, Ganganagar-A, Ganganagar-B, Gillagora, Upper Gillagora, Koraibari, Upper Koraibari, Majisora, Kutchiasora, Bagli, Rongdusora, Chiragao, Lakma, Borsora, Shipur and Amarsang.
After the Governor of Meghalaya, Ganga Prasad called upon the NPP leader to form the government, he also set a deadline before 16th October 2018 for the NPP leader to confirm in the House. that he has a majority in the House of Representatives to beat the government.
In order to improve the functioning of the KHADC, the council also plans to set up a new office in New Shillong Township to facilitate the movement of employees and visitors like other offices. Government, EC will take action.
Mawmaram village has about 200 households, Kyllang Jasap village has about 70 households and Sohphoh Pyrton village has about 80 households according to the new boundary allocation by the Hima.
In his speech, Bah Kharkongor said that this festival is one of the ways for the youth to exchange ideas with each other and to talk about health among themselves. who are still growing up.
The employees of GHADC have already lodged a complaint with the Governor, the Office of the Prime Minister of India and others, regarding the proposal to pay one month salary. help them to pay the debt they have taken.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: U Governor of Meghalaya, Governor UV Shanmuganathan, today congratulated the Fathers and Sisters of the Ferrando Speech and Hearing Centre, for their hard work in opening the centre. Computer training for children with disabilities at Umniuh-Khwan village, Ri-Bhoi District.
“When the state government sent its opinion in 2013, it did not ask for the opinion of the people, villages, civil society or the District Council but it was done only at the discretion of the state government,” he said. Pynshngain “We have decided to inform the State Government to remind it of its comments on the draft proposal amendment 2013-15 and that it should not send its comments to the Home Ministry without the consent of the people” , added Bah Pynshngain.
In the petition, the chiefs expressed their opposition to this, if it is to be done, a referendum should be held to get the permission of the people.
Referring to the payment of Income Tax, the Chief Minister said that the state government has discussed this issue with the central government. The opposition leader said that the authorities themselves produce the method of withdrawal and deposit of money by the people.
North East Railway spokesperson Jayanta Bhattacharya said that in the past 40 days, the traffic of trains has been affected and many of them have had to cancel. their movement and at present the conducting trains are provided with guards in the Kokrajhar sections.
It has been decided that the GST will come into force from 1st November next month and if this cannot be done, the states will have to ensure that by November this year, all the states will have to pay. and this is a requirement under the Constitution of India.
The nearest ATMs from Umsning include the ATMs in Nongpoh and Umiam which are 30 kilometers and 22 kilometers away respectively.
The number of cases by district is 249, East Jaintia Hills 75, East Khasi Hills 1377, North Garo Hills 219, Ri-Bhoi 527, South Garo Hills 132, South West Garo Hills West Khasi Hills 194, West Garo Hills 607, West Jaintia Hills 588, West Khasi Hills 98 and the total number is
After the meeting, the Chief Minister's Symbut, Prestone Tynsong, said that during the meeting today, the leaders of the Harijan Colony have agreed to relocate from the area, but have set conditions.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the ruling party has already decided to contest Dr Donkupar Roy for the post of Speaker.
It is to be recalled that Bah Michael Warjri has filed a case in the Meghalaya High Court and the High Court has suspended the construction of the road by Assam but Assam has violated this.
Even one patient in a small area should be something to watch out for.
About 1,500 Chakmas and Tripuris have now arrived in India and are being held at the BSF checkpoints on the India-Bangladesh border at Silachari in Tripura. The BSF troops have been strict to prevent them from entering India.
The KSU also urges the people to be vigilant against any kind of companies or people who come to exploit them to make money.
We have submitted a letter as a reminder to the Prime Minister,” he said.
On this occasion, he also explained the rights enshrined in the Constitution of the country as these are essential to know the rights of every human being.
Regarding this bombing of these two persons, the law will do whatever is necessary and those responsible will be brought to justice.
The union also requests that if any of the 772 who did not join, they should have completed the text and interview in
The training started on the 17th of this month and ended today.
He said that the program can be held by the NEC along with the Summit by the DoNER department where the NEC can look into some of the important activities of the region such as tourism and agriculture. information to the public.
At present, three CCTV cameras have been installed in Wahthapbroo, and on the other hand, Bah Ronsom said that the purpose of the CCTV cameras is to bring peace and order in the village and this will help. to arrest if there are people who come from outside the village.
Muktiars and the public are requested to take this opportunity to finalize their cases.
The Yoga started at 7 pm with the display of a portrait of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi and a speech by him. after.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has decided to extend for 45 days the term of office of the Secretary of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). Bah Pynshngian said that this extension of 45 days is temporary because they have not been able to resolve it yet and at the same time there are some tasks of the Council which should be completed but cannot be completed.
Police are vigilant to ensure that the traffickers of alcoholic beverages do not allow them to sell to the youth. Police call on the public to cooperate in the fight against the drug traffickers. and this is the evil work.
The agreement was signed by Satyendra Garg, Joint Secretary, Ministry of Home Affairs on behalf of the Union Government and on behalf of the rebel groups. Shillong, June 13: Amitabh Kant, Chief Executive Officer of the National Institution for Transforming India (NITI) Aayog, has appointed Jack Jimomi as Supervisor, GPRN of the NSCN. The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Mizoram and Nagaland today sent an urgent letter to the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Mizoram and Nagaland that as 14th June 2017 is Holy Thursday, the state governments can hold Digi Dhan Melas in other states. sufficient days for these states.
Shillong, July 04: The Uranium Corporation of India Limited (UCIL) will spend up to T.40.19 crore for the completion of the Wahkaji-Mawthabah road. complete all works by November 2014.
These police personnel from various groups of the central government have been deployed to 3512 polling stations in the state to ensure the smooth running of the elections.
Shillong, July 10: The Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of Meghalaya today released the list of voters in Meghalaya and the total number of voters has reached 1830104 lakh. The MLA Election 2018 will be held in the state.
The BSF has handed over to the Meghalaya Police in Danggar to take action against these illegal immigrants. The BSF has lodged a complaint against them.
Thank you so much.
Shillong, March 03: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today said that the jaidbynriew has fallen into three categories. I don't live clean, I don't take drugs.
It has been confirmed that the letter has only been prepared and has not been sent to the right person,” she said and expressed her regret if the letter has been prepared or affected. the feeling of the people.
This will continue if the government does not understand.
On the affected villages, Marcus Lapasam said that the villages that will be affected if the BSF camp is successful include Umtyrnga, Umlathu, Umsen, Nagrabil, Pilangata A, Pilangku B, Chibra, Jolsyiem, Jyrmang, Timbogre, Nongspung B, Pyngker A, Pyngker B, Pyngker B, Pyngker C, Pahamjula, Lalmati, Nongspung C, Barapathar, Iongkhuli and others.
In Mizoram, which has received special protection, even during the Puja, Mizos are still taking to the streets to demand that the Government should return the foreign nationals who came from Bangladesh.
A Docket number shall be issued for each complaint received from refugees, complainants/NGOs in respect of violations of the POA Act, 1989 and the PCR Act,
Furthermore, the Central Government has amended Table D and has ensured that every month invested will be checked and compensation will be given on this basis to those who wish to withdraw the amount.
Mental health counseling and treatment through 704 One Stop Centers or Sakhi Centers in 34 States/UTs. Emergency and non-emergency assistance is also provided through the toll-free helpline. for the mothers (181).
Ransom said he had directed the party supporters to be vigilant at such times. He said that the villagers also came when they saw such an incident.
However, youths can also join the campaign through this platform by uploading activities such as selfies and planting trees on this website.
RK Gupta replied that according to the Government's schedule, the budget has been handed over to the Central Public Works Department (CPWD) for the maintenance as well as to complete the construction. School Building, Hostels and all necessities as allocated.
To direct and urge the Districts, BDOs, Syiems, Lyngdohs, Sirdars, Dolloi, Nokmas, Rangbah Shnongs, Sordars, Ministers of Villages to provide information to all the residents to know how to protect themselves from such incidents. Signs of this disease, what to do and what not to do, who to call for information, where testing centres, mobile phones number of test centers as part of making all the people of the state aware of this disease as many people do not read the newspaper.
He served in Shillong as a Senior Air Staff Officer (SASO) before being appointed as AOC-in-C of the EAC.
If there is a mining of Maw and shyiap from these rivers, it will have a serious impact on the environment in the Sohra area.
Shillong, March 30: The Ministry of Human Resources (MHRD) today sent a notice to all the Principal Secretaries in all the State Governments and Union Territories that Teachers should be accepted to register for D.EL.Ed.
The people want the road to be good.
New Delhi, July 18: In response to the feelings and desires of all to take part in the celebrations related to the PranPratishtha of Ram Lalla at Ayodhya Ram Mandir on 22nd July, the Central Government has announced a one-day curfew for the federal workplace in the country.
The chief guest, Rudi Warjri, retired Ambassador, congratulated the center for organizing this competition for 48 years.
We are making progress in this field through chess, through the empowerment of women to do various jobs or by bringing the peace of having LPG in every household, so we hold on to the spirit of freedom movement.
Prof. Jayasree Sengupta, Chairperson, IUPS, in her speech explained the objectives of IUPS. .
It is not that I have a difference of opinion with Mukul,” said Bah Pala.
Strengthening health facilities, Meghalaya's implementation of forecasting and preparedness has led to a thorough assessment of the need to strengthen health facilities and subsequently, the state has taken steps. to empower health facilities so that they can deal with any crisis.
But remember, 'Right develops the nation.
Marak also conducts training programs for farmers and this has benefited more than 8000 farmers.
“Our demand is that we should not see the BSF in this area and at Dona Umbluh near Ratachera.
Shillong, July ; 30;- The Joint Action Committee of the villages under the Mawphu Hydro Electric Project Stage II welcomes the visit of NEEPCO to the villages for the benefit of the people of the village.
She said that this decision of the government is like preventing the youth from applying for these police jobs which the state government has just released through the state police department. .
Mawdulop Village Council today held a special awarding ceremony for 16 Matriculation Graduates who came to start their studies at this school. until they reach higher levels and work in various fields.
Titos said that today he has directed the staff of the office to stop issuing licenses until the order is issued.
The lessons taught on this day were to prevent child marriage, avoid smoking, avoid alcohol, don't drop out of school and protect the environment.
U Bah PN Syiem said, but it is only Bah Ban who has seen far ahead the needs of the people who are affected by the lights going out which affects the students especially during the examinations as a leader. He did not submit a proposal to the Government to do so.
Smith, Nailar 17: The Dorbar Shnong of Smith Village, Madan Smith, today took two decisions regarding the incident inside the village on Tuesday night. and he died in the wrath of the people.
The emergence of new outbreaks of the disease will hamper our efforts so far.
The throwing of shun on the tympew to eat kwai, the throwing of shun on the well is different from the throwing of shun on the tympew, on the stone, on the tree, on the body of man and animal to perform the prayer. , you niam you hand.
With the changing times, the villages need development works, even the government has set up the Village Employment Council (VEC) to manage the work of the 100 days work in different villages. cause problems within the villages where the Nongknor and Secretary do not agree with the foreign price.
The total number of participants was 1600 ethnic groups and as a group they reached 8000 kilograms from Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Manipur, Telangana, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Tripura, Chhattisgarh and Gujarat. , Himachal Pradesh, Andhra Pradesh, Jharkhand, Kerala, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Nagaland, Odisha, Rajasthan, Karnataka, Sikkim, Andaman & Nicobar Islands and Tamil Nadu.
John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Chairman, Dorbar of Chiefs of Meghalaya, Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States, on behalf of the Chiefs of Khasi States, congratulated all the participants. Fifty-eight MDCs from KHADC (29) and JHADC (29).
To supply water to Mawiong, the government has included it under the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme (GSWSS). Umjapung and Mawiongrim.
Through this statement we would like to invite all the residents of Malki to work together in this regard so that we can eradicate all the evils and dangers that are starting to appear here in the village through this the people came to the forest.
The Vice President of the party, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, supports Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit as the leader of the HSPDP party and as the leader of the party, he has decided to campaign for the independent candidate.
India has sold domestically produced drugs worth $160 million in
Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Front (NYF) East Khasi Hills District on Tuesday lodged a complaint at Sadar Police Station against several Kharmetor for allegedly causing trouble at Saw Aiom Restaurant in Iewduh. on the 20th of this month.
The Chairmon, in her own capacity, as a woman of the people, has extended her hand of sympathy starting from the 2nd of November from Umchongpet Village and ending immediately. today at the Moopynieiñ Village, Wapungskur.
The KSU Bangalore Unit also honored Bamelari Lyngdoh who received the Gold Medalist Award in the Master of Social Work from Alva College Moodbidri, Mangalore University.
To join hands with teachers across the country in what has been called by the All India Federation of University and College Teachers' Organizations (AIFUCTO) to protest across the country against the injustice of the government to teachers in the country.
She praised the efforts of the CRC-Shillong in providing quality services to people with disabilities.
“The crowd started shooting and threw stones and shot bird shot at the police.
Babu Majaw, congratulated the former Chief Minister, Bah DD Lapang for introducing the Bill in the Legislative Assembly in 2005 which has enabled the development of the Khasi and Garo languages. as the Associate Official Language in the District.
Pala said this when asked whether the Congress has supported the Executive Committee (EC) in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) led by the National People's Party (NPP) despite the fact that it is the B The NPP-led MDA Government is supported by the BJP. The NPP has dissolved the UDP-led EC in KHADC with the support of the Congress.
The Steering Committee has taken part in the sub-committee of the District Council to discuss the Clan Bill to give its opinion but the Executive Committee has failed.
The driver of the vehicle was identified as Vijay Kumar. Police have arrested him and are conducting further investigation.
The meeting was attended by National Security Advisor Ajit Doval, Lieutenant Governor of J&K, Manoj Sinha, Chief of Army Staff General Manoj Pandey, Secretary, Defence, Director, Intelligence Bureau, Chief of Army Staff including Lt. General Upendra Dwivedi, Director General of CAPF, Chief Secretary, DGP of J&K and other officers.
The meeting was held at the BJP office in Shillong where the General Secretary of the party for the North East, Ajay Jamwal, inaugurated the meeting. registration in Shillong.
It is learned that as soon as they reached the area where the coal miners were trapped, the Navy started working to install water pumps to start searching for the people who were trapped in the coal mine.
The Seng strongly condemns the allegation by Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya that the protest by the Sengbhalang is the work of the insurgents.
Shillong, Lber 06: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today welcomed the Meghalaya football team which reached the final of the 76th Santosh Trophy held in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Arabia.
“This month is important and every day we will celebrate with the youth in sports, local entrepreneurs, musicians and all the activities we have every day related to the youth,” he said.
At the meeting, it will also be discussed on the distribution of food items from the farmers and the timely payment for them.
Jowai, July 24: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) Sengkmie has said that it cannot remain silent on the demands of the State Government.
The Chairman of the India Awakening Movement (India) Meghalaya State Unit said that smoking cigarettes, alcohol and drugs causes many diseases which cannot be named, but this disease has now been banned until it has spread. Bah Bashai urged them to be responsible.
Shillong, November 24: A meeting between the Commissioner of Customs of the North Eastern Crime and officials of the Bangladesh government held recently in Shillong to discuss many issues related to the development of trade between the two countries. Bangladesh and India are the two countries through Meghalaya.
He said that the light that we have burned is not just a shab but let those small lights burn in the hearts of each and every one of us, so that from the legislators to the translators, the parents Fathers, religious leaders, let the light of the light shine in each and every one of them so that they can take responsibility to ensure the happiness of children throughout Meghalaya.
“Recently, the HNLC has expressed its opposition to the summons received by the General Secretary Bah Saiñkupar Nongtraw in the Court of the Judicial Magistrate.
Shillong, Iaiong 09: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that no new case of COVID-19 has been confirmed in Meghalaya. He was taken to the hospital.
: you mean–you don't have to worry; you don't have to worry.
Wahkaji PHC has to look after the people of more than 30 villages and not only that it is more than 40 kms away from the District Headquarters. this area especially now.
“As one of the members of the Regional Committee, I have made it clear that no matter what happens, I will always be with the people.
It will also affect the future of the political parties in the MDA-2 government, whether regional or national.
The discussion was on the issue of the entry of foreigners into the district and there was also a consensus. The Government should not allow foreigners to enter the District.
The race will start at KJP Mission Compound School at 6 pm.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today inaugurated the three-day Megong Festival. the traditional way of life of the Garo people.
Shillong, June 10: The Working President of KHNAM who is also the MP candidate of KHNAM in the upcoming election Bah THS Bonney together with other leaders of the party , has met with the Director Distribution and Chief Engineer of MeECL regarding the power outage in Mawtap, Sohiong and other rural areas which have been in darkness for more than a day due to the natural disaster. to the transformer.
Hundreds of members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday carried placards in front of the State Convention Center to protest against the Meghalaya Tourism Development Corporation Limited (MTC) which has extended the suspension of Puranjan for another six months. Das has been appointed as the Chief General Manager of Meghalaya Tourism Development Corporation Limited after retiring from his post.
Prestone Tynsong said the government has not allowed to open the Border Hats on the border with Bangladesh, the markets on the border with Assam. markets were allowed to open.
Rates obtained through this option will be valid for three years and will be applicable to all eligible participating agencies.
At this meeting at the Bishop's House in Laitumkrah, the Archbishop expressed his gratitude to the Minister for his visit and invited him to attend the Christmas celebrations. Shillong.
We have been able to promote the one country, one mobility card system and now there is a debate across the country about holding elections at the same time in the country.
KSU NEHU Unit President Samla Sandy Sohtun said that the KSU NEHU Unit has received information that Nantu Das has been arrested. The referee from Umshyrpi was arrested by a car after returning from the village and thrown into the car and when he reached Kiang Nangbah Old Guesthouse he tried to throw his hand at her and she escaped from the tyrsim. of this thief.
The Border Development Department has purchased two small boats and launched them into the river to carry tourists.
This is according to a statement sent by Babu Kular Khongjirem, President, KJDSTA, Shillong.
The fire brigade has been able to protect the office of the Muktiar of the state. At the time of writing of this news, the cause of the fire is still unknown. which is over a hundred years old.
HK Lohia, IPS, IG BSF Headquarters, Eastern Command, Kolkata also came to accompany them.
It was after the news came out that Sangma was shocked.
According to the reply given by the PIO of KHADC, the KHADC has appointed two private individuals, Bah Felix Kharpuri and Bah Pynshngain Nongbet on 3/November/2016 to be the Leaders of KHADC. The purpose is to assist the KHADC in the enrollment, request and enrollment of Non Tribals to come and get Labor License and they will get 5% per license when they can register them. Dkhars do not have a licence.
In today's society we think that 'thoh' means to write letters, to write books and we don't think that it means to write shun on wood, write shun on stone, write shun on wood, write shun on children's clothes. , writing shun on the market has signs that are not clear.
Furthermore, the Federation of Khasi States, through Paiem Syiemlieh, Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, handed over the Memorandum to the Prime Minister in May 2016 during the Prime Minister's visit to Shillong.
Kharbuli said that on the 20th and 21st there will also be an exhibition of traditional Khasi food and traditional games.
“The Bharat Jodo Yatra is to bring rights to the youth.
On the part of KHADC, CEM Pyniaid Sing Syiem, Symbut CEM PN Syiem, EMs and Speaker of the House Lamphrang Blah were also present. lang, and on the part of the crowd who came together there were more than a thousand.
It may be recalled that this day was first announced by the HFU on the 4th of November last year through the President of the HFU and this year on the 3rd of November the government has announced that it will be recognized. This announcement came at a time when the HFU was preparing for its programs on the 4th.
The speakers at the meeting expressed their satisfaction that the MDC has been able to implement the schemes in the heat and light and said that this day will be a memorable day in the history of Mawkynrew Constituency. such meetings have never been held before.
The prize money is T.2.25 lakh.
He further said, “there is a limit to these things, we have not treated them unfairly and we are a State where we have given the best wages among many states.
He also thanked the states for their comments on the matter.
In the Smit constituency, the name of Bah Ardent is more popular and the people have expressed that as it is now, the incumbent MLA is stronger.
The public meeting was organized by the District Water and Sanitation Mission (DWSM).
Overall best performance in men , Lovely Professional University Punjab emerged as the best and took away the trophy,  Rani Durgavati Vishwavidyalaya second and Savitribai  Phule Pune university third place and in women, Lovely Professional University Punjab emerged as the best, Savitribai  Phule university in the Pune university Second place and Rani Durgavati Vishwavidyalaya in third place.
New Delhi, Lber 06L The Department of Personnel and Training (DOPT) of the Government of India, in collaboration with the Ministry of Sports, has introduced changes in the recruitment, promotion and benefits systems for players.
According to the General Secretary of the Unit, Samla Emosjohn Syiemlieh, he spoke about the problems faced by the Khasi students and workers in Bengaluru and also in the State of Karnataka.
The battalion was brought to the city in 1962 when China invaded India and the battalion has been stationed there ever since.
What is surprising to the Seng is that there are also foreigners who live in these shops and they have turned them into drinking places and there are also places where they have pateng to others who work in other places by taking them. 200 tyngka per night as a sleeping fee in these shops.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: Three civil society organizations including the KSU, HYC and HANM today closed down their offices and most of the offices closed down are banks in Khasi Hills. .
Through the initiatives of the Central Government under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, there has been an unprecedented improvement in peace in the North East, and in a special initiative, after decades, the Since June 2022, the Government of India has reduced the area under the Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA) in Nagaland, Assam and Manipur.
The efforts of the Government of India to introduce this system of computation of tax have been slow because all the requirements have not been prepared.
He said that at present, nine factories produce various vaccines.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the Social Welfare Department wants a skilled and experienced person to head the MSCW which looks after the welfare of women in the state.
Teachers and students of NEHU also paid tribute in front of the statue of Pa Togan Sangma and after this a speech was delivered by Dr. Jacqueline R. Marak from the University of Nepal. Department of Garo, North-Eastern Hill University, Tura Campus.
The resolution of this trust of the people is in front of everyone and we see this from the world's largest digital payment platform, UPI which is the Unified Payment Interface.40% of digital payments worldwide They are the ones who have been born in India.
The Chief Minister has directed to increase the number of beds in Resubelpara to 40 to provide treatment in the event of an increase in the number of COVID-19 cases and directed to look into the need to provide another 150 beds.
In a letter sent to the Doloi of Jowai Elaka, the Moopyniein Village has also mentioned the boundaries of the four villages of the village if the Dorbar Shnong is established.
Government should declare public holiday on “Employees” Day Government should increase the salary of those working in the central and state governments, the minimum salary paid by the government is The State of Meghalaya and the Government should provide relief to the workers throughout the State of Meghalaya.
Waheh Shnongs, members of the KSU, including residents of different villages of East Jaintia Hills have come out to protest against the attack by the BSF against the residents of East Jaintia Hills. the Narpuh area.
“The absence of full, inclusive, inclusive economic development can show economic development but this is not fundamental development.
“In order to be able to fill the vacant posts as we have done in other departments like Education, Health and Police.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Working President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA), Bah John Kharshiing today said that he has taken responsibility for the shortcomings in the 4th Meghalaya Games
The DC has announced that due to the protest of the people, he feels that he can no longer attend the public hearing. continue.
Shillong, July 16: To start the implementation of the Meghalaya Residence Safety and Security Act 2016, the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District today convened a meeting with the Rangbah Shnongs of Shillong. office.
The Pyninam Thohdur will be held on the 18th July, 2017 and will be followed by a colorful song and dance on the remaining days. The Makashang Hills have been provided by the Mattithaw and Lariti Department of the Government of Meghalaya.
Shillong, November 25: A young girl from Jylliah village in East Jaintia Hills District, who lives in Dkhiah (west) village with her relatives, has been arrested.
Because in this place it is no longer safe for the people to travel because of the violence and cruelty of these soldiers.
Shillong, Naitung 16: Leaders of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) from Iooksi PHC today met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander Hek to demand the government to appoint a doctor inside the remaining Iooksi PHC. I have been without a doctor for three months.
On the same day, the Showroom JN Suzuki celebrated Christmas by holding a Christmas Carol which started from the Showroom at Mawblei and passed through Laitumkhrah, Khyndai Lad, Polo, Mawlai and and it came to Mawblei.
Members of UHM from all over Ri Khasi Jaintia took part in the protest to demand that the government should strengthen the border and register those who lives on the border with Assam.
The rally was led by FKJGP President Hopewell Kharkongor, President FKJGP Lai Village Area Unit in the presence of Rangbah Shnong Mawrashe and Bah Arkos Kurkalang. The FKJGP Members have joined hands to repair the road themselves.
On this occasion, awards were also distributed to the students who passed well in various examinations from the poorest and most poor families. accompany him in this struggle to demand what the state needs.
The group of about 100 people who arrived at the site before the opening ceremony of the block marched from Mawtar to Lumawsing which is about 10 kilometers away.
Regarding the allocation of funds for this scheme, it varies from one fiscal year to another depending on the availability of funds. For the year 2017-2018, it is up to the State Level Committee to decide whether to increase or decrease the budget.
“When we have cleaned with dewbilat, it will take longer to dry and we will have to wait for about 28 days until the dewbilat is dry,” he said. on the one hand and on the other.
This self-care is by following all the rules and regulations as directed by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, so that the disease does not spread and affect us.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that the Kuli Dam Project is important for the country and there was a discussion on the Dam on 21st June
The day began with a prayer at the party headquarters in Mawkhar. The march continued from Iewrynhep Square to Weiking Square. the organization how to preserve its thymmei.
And as citizens of this democratic country we have the right to vote for any party we want," he added.
The Government has decided to suspend the Main Secretariat and Additional Secretariat for two days on Saturday and Sunday morning. .
Samla Donald V. Thabah in his speech, spoke about the role played by the KSU in the development and promotion of education in the Bri U Hynniewtrep.
On the government's decision to merge the colleges with Capt.
Speaking to reporters, NIA President Bah Korbar L Nonglait said, “The NIA is deeply saddened by the increasing number of illegal activities in the market which has led to the NIA from time to time. The Hima Mylliem has not been able to do anything even after a year of exposing the evils caused by the presence of foreigners illegally staying in the Syiem's ​​quarter.
The arrested were identified as Md. Zakir Hussain Laskar and Imranul Hoque Laskar.
The residents urged the PWD to send a company to complete the cleaning for the safety of the residents who pass through this road.
The son rises and speaks, the daughter cries, she cries, don't open to the man who doesn't speak.
Khliehriat, November 12: Leaders of FKJGP-South Eastern Border Area (SEBA) Circle led by President Mathew Pajat and Assistant Secretary Bah Kymmo Patwat visited Lama Village as part of the strengthening of the FKJGP Circle. The FKJGP Lama Unit has been established in the border areas of Rymbai & Lakadong Districts.
The Secretary of the Legislative Assembly of KHADC said that the filing of nomination papers for the election of Chairman and CEM will be held on the first day and those who file their nomination papers should file their nomination papers before 12.00 noon. Registration will be held at 12.15 pm.
Meghalaya is one of the first states to use drones to deliver vaccines, he said.
The KHADC has announced that the mid-term elections for the Langrin MDC Constituency will have to be held because the time is still short, but it is up to the state government to announce the time. .
MP Vincent H Pala was also present at the meeting, but the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma did not attend the meeting. I don't know why I didn't come to Shillong.
Many of the elders of the village were also present and there was also a song and dance by the school children of the village.
It is worth mentioning that the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and his Cabinet in the presence of the MLA of Bah Process have visited the road. He promised to expedite the work to avoid traffic jam in Shillong.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Kennedy C Khyriem urged the people to take advantage of the government health centres. At the same time, the public should be encouraged to register themselves under the MHIS to have healthy children. they will receive assistance when they go for treatment in hospitals.
“In rural areas, the HarAangan Yoga initiative has united people in rural areas by conducting yoga classes in Panchayats, Anganwadi centers and schools in about 200,000 places.
The President of India presents these awards at a ceremony held at Rashtrapati Bhawan in October or June each year.
If we look at the condition of the road from Mawkaphan to these two villages, Kenmynsaw and Kenbah, which has been built since 2002, the condition of the road is exactly like the path of a wahrit or a river. the course of a canyon where the river has dried up.
Schemes and assistance from the Government of India have required that those who are eligible for assistance must have an Aadhaar card , as at present most of them do not have it and Meghalaya is one of the states in India has a low Aadhaar number of people.
The groups said they are determined to provide the necessary medicines and medical supplies and are working to develop a vaccine to cure the disease.
October, 2011 and containing No.POL.245/2006/44 which was also the Order of the Governor at that time.
Also present at the service were MP Vincent Pala, MLA Remington Pyngrope, MDC Moonlight Pariat, Unitarian and Universalist Church leaders Rev. Gary Smith and Rev. John Gibbons from Canada. Brian Kiely who is also the President of the International Council of Unitarians and Universalists and Rev. David Gyero of the Unitarian Church of Romania.
That’s what we have to express.
Speakers were Bah Swendar Kharkrang, Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh and Pastor Cross.
Shillong, Lber 05: The BSF Meghalaya Frontier has appointed a new Inspector General, IPS, Lalatendu Mohanti, after PK Dubey was appointed at the BSF Academy in Tekanpur.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: Ka Idashisha Nongrang IPS today took over as the Director General of Police, Meghalaya.
The IG BSF Meghalaya briefed Mishra on the security measures on the India-Bangladesh border in Meghalaya.
The union demanded that the DC and SP should take action against the FIR filed by Kong Badarilin Rani daughter of Bah Michael Warjri and arrest all those who attacked Michael and his family.
Speaking at the ceremony, the Governor congratulated these athletes for bringing glory to the country and the state as a whole in various fields. around the world.
At this meeting, MMDC Ltd also presented a power point on how to deal with the coal mining industry, how MMDC Ltd can take part in this industry. There was also a discussion, questions and suggestions. Such meetings will also be held in Jowai and South Garo Hills District.
He said the Ministry of Mines of the Union Government and the groups of GSI, IBM and MECL will provide support to the State Governments.
According to the latest reports, the Bangladeshi government officials have wanted the Indian government to open the Beltoli border crossing with a Car Pass, where export and import between them will be allowed. the two countries will travel by car.
Sanjay Goyal, Commissioner & Secretary in charge of Revenue Disaster Management, said that the Deputy Commissioner has already appointed a magistrate's inquiry and it is expected that the report will be submitted within 10 days.
In these two days, the celebration started in the evening. The children of Khasi Jaintia have been invited and as of now there are 14 groups to take part. For all those who can participate, there will be a charge for the entrance fee to see the exhibition of traditional costumes.
The General Council unanimously confirmed Hopingstone Lyngdoh as President of the party, Ardent Basaiawmoit as Vice President and Enbin K Raswai as Vice President of the party. General Secretary of the party and many other office bearers of the party.
The FKJGP leader said that the FKJGP, which is a member of 13 political parties, will demand from the government to immediately implement security measures to curb the entry and exit of foreigners. She strongly criticized the state government for its efforts to build Entry/Exit Points across the state.
During the visit, the Committee met with the Syiem of Langrim Hima, the land owners and the residents of the surrounding area and the meeting was held at Wahkaji which was conducted by the DC. Shillong, Naiwieng 9: U Bah Besfulam Langte, Secretary of the FKJGP, Nolikata village, South West Khasi District, today reported a clash in Nolikata village. The Superintendent of Police, South West Khasi Hills District, said that on receiving the information, the police rushed to the scene and took him to hospital without serious injuries.
Referring to the total expenditure, this year the total expenditure will reach T.12,873 crore, which is the government's estimate and the total expenditure is T.10,648 crore. This will exclude the debt due and the total cost will reach T.12,538 crore.
At the same time, he said that MeECL has not yet received its subsidy from the state government, which has put the state government company in trouble.
Police have registered a case under the NDPS Act and the investigation is ongoing.
(SPNews Agency).
Shillong, July 29: Leaders of the BJP party in the state in the presence of Dr.M Chuba Ao, National Vice President, today met with the former Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah DD Lapang. at his residence today in Lachumier.
Feelings in the country were different.
There are strong winds from the Bay of Bengal to the northeast of India and due to these there is expected to be heavy rain with thunderstorms and stronger winds (30-40 kmph) in Arunachal Pradesh. , Assam and Meghalaya, Nagaland, Manipur, Mizoram and Tripura and Sub Himalayan West Bengal in the next five days.
The purpose of this conference is to bring peace and harmony among the peoples of the world and to encourage the provision of education to women.
The Chief Minister said that he believes that there will be cooperation between the Central Government and the State Governments and according to the report submitted by the Committee of Chief Ministers of the States, there is a need for assistance. It is for this reason that the allocation of funds in this area in government schemes will be in the ration of 90:10 and in other schemes which are not needed the allocation will be 80:2
Private hospitals will have to purchase COVID-19 medicines from this 50% allocated for other sources than the Government of India.
In collaboration with the Umiam Industries Association, a one day training was conducted to provide information and to open the door for the filing of ASI returns through the ASI website by various Units.
At this public meeting, the Chief Minister of Bihar has written to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya that the JDU party should support the group against the CAB. They will go to all the states with MPs in the Rajya Sabha to urge them not to oppose the Bill in Parliament.
“This continued attack on each HNLC leader through the issuance of notices should receive strong condemnation from all sides but at the same time we want to make it clear that we are not afraid of the laws. or death and we will continue our struggle without giving up.
On this occasion, KSU President Daniel Khyriem said that the government should clarify the reasons for the closure of four places in Shillong to register names in Aadhaar. before this.
On 23rd May 2017, the leaders of Upper Shillong Circle under the leadership of Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang in the presence of Bah Y. Lyttan, SDO PWD Road, National Highway Division. The Seng has demanded that the PWD Department should immediately order the Upper Shillong Road to be cleaned by the Dhar Construction Company. Dhar Construction to repair the damaged parts but the union has stipulated that the PWD Department should not waste the money of the State Government to cover the cost of construction for all these reasons. This happened because of the Company's failure.
U Michael Douglas, Brendan Galvin, Brillante Mendoza, Sunny Deol,  Rani Mukerjee, VidyaBalan, John Goldwater, Vijay Sethupathi, Sara Ali Khan, PankajTripathi, Nawazuddin Siddhiqui, KaykayMenon, Karan Johar, Madhur, Bhatikin Bondarneys, Manoj Gondarkar, Kapoj Allu Aravind, Theodore Gluck, Gulshan Grover and others will participate in this.
Parents are the founders of the family in prayer and there is no point in starting without the prayer of Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh.
Sunak, 44, became Britain's youngest prime minister and the first non-white.
In the year, after 5 years of hard work, with hard work for the people, and with love for our country and its millions of people – with this feeling we have moved forward with this love and hard work.
It was only after Meghalaya got its own state that this road was painted and until today it remains the same without being improved.
Now we are starting to get more and more features at a more affordable price," he said.
The annual film festival has been a hub for the best Indian and international films for years now attended by leading figures in the Indian film industry and those from from all over the world participated as delegates.
On the other hand, the ANVC(B) said that the government should not provide ammunition to the man.
“Bodo and other ethnic groups have spread across the North East of India. This celebration is to bring together Garo, Nepali, Deori, Reang, Tripuri. , Jamatia, said Dairy.
This has been sent to all the States/UTs for their comments.
The injured include men, women and even children. The injured were taken to hospital for treatment.
In his speech, the Union Minister recalled that during the tenure of Dr DD Lapang as the Chief Minister, the land was allocated for the construction of a school for all languages ​​in the state. this world.
It is worth mentioning that the plan to complete the Mawdiangdiang Assembly is scheduled to be completed by 2022 and it is hoped that the last session of the present Assembly will be held in the new council house.
The visitors on this day want to taste the traditional foods such as pumaloi, putharo, pukhlein and other foods which have attracted many tourists and not only they themselves but also the This message is for others who do not know these things.
Jowai, July 21: The AJYWO, KSU-JHDU, HNYF-EJZ and FKJGP-KC have called for a two-night protest on the 27th and 28th of this month. The Union of Rangbah-Shnongs (URS) has launched a campaign against the government for not listening to their demand for the repair of the National Highway East Jaintia Hills has also given its full support to these four organizations to continue their protest.
He is one of the bravest heroes of Meghalaya.
“I don't want the residents to starve or die of starvation at a time when the whole of India is under curfew due to the lockdown,” said Bah Metbah. the spread of the Coronavirus.
Indian Institute of Science and Engineering, New Delhi.7.
All liquor outlets, bars and clubs have been ordered to close on this day, according to a statement issued by the DC Excise Office of East Khasi Hills District. .
On the one hand, the CEM said that it is democracy and on the other hand, he urged the Khlieh Nongsynshar Shnong, Raid and Hima to join hands to demand the protection of the people. rights of the nation.
The incident occurred on Tuesday morning when the employees of SBI, Umïam Branch arrived at the office.
Police have arrested them and taken action according to the law.
They also asked the Syiem to hold a vote for the election of the new Basan so that there will be no difference of opinion between the Kur and the people. There is a meeting between the king and the ministers, not just to choose.
Police suspect that the suspect is a drug addict and have arrested him.
These products are available only at Titan Eye Plus stores across the country.
According to police sources, the name of the man who was found dead is still unknown.
There have been 4 deaths from the disease today, 3 of which are unvaccinated, 1 from East Garo Hills, 1 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from West Jaintia Hills. Meghalaya has 1404 cases.
Besides, he also visited Umtham, Sarikhushi and Borgang villages where more than 300 houses have been damaged in all three villages. They included the Project Director of DRDA, Bah Kharsati, BDO of Umling C&RD Block, Bah R. Kharbihkhiew, MLA of Umsning Constituency, Bah Min Makri, Chairman of Umling C&RD. Block, Political Secretary of Dr. DD Lapang, Plielad Tiewsoh, BS Teron, Augustine Wahlang, Sardar of Nongpoh, Village Elders, Elders, Women and Youth.
Other issues that need to be addressed are the need for a separate group for IAS and IPS, IFS, which should be separated from Assam. have your own team.
He said the Union will meet with the Minister in charge of Agriculture, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh to discuss the price of agricultural products and the Government should implement the Minimum Support. Price (MSP).
The Government's inability to announce the new Chairperson is due to the implementation of the Model Code of Conduct (MCC) after the Election Commission of India (ECI) announced the Lok Sabha elections recently.
The EM said in the House that the work of the village worth T.70 lakh to repair the houses of the Hima in the Khasi Heritage Village has been completed before the start of the work. to release T.20 lakh to the contractor.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: U Minister of State for Finance and Union Companies, Arjun Ram Meghwal today met with the Chief Ministers of the North Eastern Region. During the meeting tomorrow morning, they will discuss the work done by various departments of the central government in the region.
Millions of Palestinians have suffered and lost their lives, been displaced and tens of thousands have been killed in the bombing of Gaza.
He said that as public leaders they have to do what the people demand.
According to their findings after testing, they found that it does not affect them at all because the presence of iron is very strong and also there are diseases that are no longer present. and the people shall drink of this water.
Furthermore, the party strongly condemns the police's rape of the party members across the land of Hynniewtrep as criminals. We strongly condemn the police for searching and raiding the homes and families of the party members.
However, there are other villages where members of the Seng Kynthei have not yet been included as Executive Members of the Dorbar Shnongs except in some Dorbar Shnongs.
In this regard, he said that the party has several suggestions to send to the committee headed by Ampareen Lyngdoh and has the participation of various parties.
Police have seized the vehicle at Chinabat in East Garo Hills District.
Minister Rangbah Duh also spoke about the support provided to health facilities and patients through the development of road and rail transport in the region.
In this incident, one person from the area while walking on the road was injured in the blast.
As the Hima, it visited the Tirot Krem at Umthlu-khyrdop and the surrounding areas.
The Sordar Shnong in an interview with reporters said, “These two men touched the hand of the girl and there was also a mark on the neck (of the woman) which they intended to rape or intended to rape. kill it we don't know.
Shillong, Nailur 25: U Bah AL Hek, Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare and MLA of Golflink Constituency, today said that a meeting of the High Level Committee (HLC) has been held. Under the leadership of the Prime Minister's Secretary, Prestone Tynsong, to discuss how to remove the roads passing through the Golflink Stadium before the National Games
Bah Paul Lyngdoh said many things should be done to promote the arts in the state, by awarding special awards for the arts and the name of the SICPAC has been changed to Shlem Lariti.
He therefore urged the new members and office bearers of the Union to work hard for the country and the nation to protect their country from such forces and to refrain from violence. from the evil deeds that affect society.
For those who are new applicants they have to apply online and pay online and after that they have to reopen their application through the webite to verify that they have paid and after that they can enter the date to adjust the date as shown on the website.
The Prime Minister said that when implementing anything new there will be challenges and those actions are like people to work, training institutions that have jobs now, and at the time of change they have their own problems and they don't expect them to go away.
Siddharth Kumar Ambedkar SP of South Garo Hills District has been transferred and appointed as SP of East Garo Hills District while Abraham T Sangma has been transferred with effect from the date of assumption of office.
The party has stood firm on the issue that while there are no strong laws to protect us as a minority, the discussion on the railway line has stopped.
In this light, in this light, let us remember that we are not alone, that no one is alone! 130 crore people of the country are determined in this one goal! Friends, I have another request that there will be no public gatherings in the participation of this programme.
The Irrigation Dam at Umtangling is the largest in Ri Bhoi, the government should investigate into this and punish those involved according to their actions in the construction of this dam.
The General Secretary Samla Rapborlang Nongrum congratulated the members of the KSU Mawlai Mawiongrim Unit, although with a small effort they have been able to build a parking lot for the benefit of all the residents.
Those who are positive will continue and gradually if they find that this is the case they will stop to bring about changes in the rules in the coming days.
The money will be handed over to the Deputy Commissioners to pay to those who are entitled to it as inspected by the PWD department of the state government.
The trees have fallen and the workers of the PWD (R) and Forest departments have worked hard to clear the ground.
The KSU and the land owners of the power plant have expressed their concern over the shortage of electricity in the state, especially the power outage to the villages. The light is up to 10 hours a day.
Shillong, March 19: There are 65 new cases of COVID-19 in Shillong, March 19: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today announced that 65 cases have been confirmed positive for COVID-1 The total number of cases has risen to
Speaking as the chief guest, Conrad Sangma said the purpose of the meeting was not only to distribute appointment letters to the newly appointed teachers to teach in Lower Primary Schools but also to discuss the issues. and to inform Government targets.
This place has also become a hotbed of crime, drug trafficking and many other crimes that happen from time to time.
Shillong, June 03: The political situation in the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) is now in the hands of the Governor of Meghalaya as the file is still in Raj Bhavan. I'm going to Assam.
The Minister also discussed the provision of facilities to enable these manufacturers to sell their products through the internet to people around the world.
Out of the 40 constituencies, five constituencies are women, 10 constituencies are former MLAs, six constituencies are MDCs, and others are constituencies whose names have been accepted. new candidates.
He said that the people of Meghalaya in 2018 will give an answer. He said that the Congress will come back to power on the BJP's allegation that the Congress leaders are corrupt. It shows that the BJP is better than the Congress party because it accepts the party leaders into their party, as the BJP has not done anything to fight corruption.
The victims of Santiniketan are Dr. Janak Jhankar Narzari, Soumitra Chatterji, Rathin Kanji, Prof. Niaz Majumdar, Rishi Barua, Sheema Barua, Falguni Mukherji, Samita Goswami, Ketaki Choudhury, Saleha Ahmed, Krishna Dutta, Barikor. .
About 100 people will be vaccinated at each of these centers on the first day.
Shillong, Nailar 24: The President of the National People's Party (NPP) on Tuesday said that the decision of the Meghalaya High Court to end the Public Interest Litigation (PIL) filed by the CSWO against the The government of Dr Mukul Sangma as the Chief Minister of the state has been a major threat to the government of Dr Mukul Sangma.
On this occasion, the Sordar of Sohphoh Pyrton, Bah DS Mawlong, who came to open the shop, admitted that the area falls under the jurisdiction of the village of Sohphoh Pyrton. No Objection Certificate (NOC) to set up this shop.
After this, he went to Mawlai Nongpdeng to inspect the road on the border of Mawlai Nongpdeng and Sacred Heart Boys School. Sawkmie and now it needs to be cleaned to the end and here too the Rangbah Shnong Bah KW Chyne was also present.
Don't leave our youth in Sohra in trouble.
The Youth 20 India Summit brings together future caregivers from around the world from the G20 countries to discuss, discuss and develop solutions for social development.
While there have been steps to promote local entrepreneurship in the states by the state governments, this is the first time a program of such magnitude has been launched for local entrepreneurs across the region to the east.
Speaking to Batesi TV on Tuesday, Phidalia Toi said she had learned about her removal from the post of Chairperson of the MSCW only from the media. and after two press releases sent to the media, the Government sought an explanation through a Show Cause Notice.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: Lucy Diengdoh, who is currently studying at Shillong College, has been selected to star in a Hindi film directed by him. .
This is to put a prayer before God together with the ryngkew ki basa, to protect and protect the country, so that the foreigner and the foreigner will not be ashamed. I don't want to throw away the blood, the tyrut, the smer, the pain, the suffering, the suffering, the lanot, that I don't fall, that I don't hide in the cremation. you crow.
The people who attended the celebration of the 48th Anniversary of the State today saw the special placement of these images which will remain in the history of the transformation.
The two day meeting which started on 3/5/2024 and ended on 4.5/2024 was attended by representatives of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare from the states of the region. treatment.
But the work is still largely on women empowerment.
The rules announced by the government will come into force from 5th July
Priana Mukhim said that because we are only able to eat from the farm, we have tried to raise pigs but unfortunately many of them have died.
Advisor Transport, Navin Kumar explained about the work related to the North East Road Sector Development Scheme (NERSDS), which was launched in 2014-15 and said that under this scheme, the NEC has approve 29 road projects which are in various stages of construction while some have also been completed.
According to the police, the Rangbah Dong Bah Faster Field Nongdhar said that the woman was not from Mawshbuit village. there was no loss of life within the village.
At the same time, they expressed their gratitude to the government for appointing an independent commission of inquiry into the incident, but said it would be better if the government handed over the case to the CBI. This is not the first incident since the ban on coal mining.
The public should be informed that malaria from the pyrjong species appears and works slowly after 7 to 14 days.
Police have recovered heroin worth T.20 lakh from these four persons, a vehicle used by them and money worth T.16 lakh from them. was arrested.
One is to urge the government to increase the age limit for teachers from 32 years to 37 years as it has been done for teachers. in the year
Shillong, Nailur 02: The Special Leader of the AICC, Mukul Wasnik today concluded a meeting with all the MLAs, MDCs and Congress office bearers in Meghalaya. The party has been in Meghalaya for more than 10 years and the elections to the Legislative Assembly have been held for more than a year.
The ILP, which comes from the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation 1873, is an Act to prohibit the entry and residence of foreigners in the State where the ILP is in force. They are not included in the paid powers of the State.
Regarding the powers of the Rangbah Shnong in relation to the issuance of various certificates, the Rangbah Shnong and the Secretary Shnong shall have the approval of the Shnong Committee and the Shnong Requirements shall notify the Shnong. KHADC and also to the Head of the Hima.
Prime Minister Duh said India's fight against Covid-19 is led by scientists and experts in these fields and that their leadership will continue.
That the Dorbar Ri is pleased to express its opposition to the Government authorities on the issue of Government Acts passed by Parliament such as the Indian Registration Act 1908, the Indian Forest Act 1927, the Forest Conservation Act 1980 and the Land Acquisition Act , the Mines Act 1952, the Coal Mines Nationalization Act 1973, and others, which are against the agreements and agreements under the IOA & AA, without considering how they will affect the rights of the children of the thousands in the various Himas. inside this country of yours.
Arun Goel is a former IAS officer of the Punjab Cadre and was appointed as the Election Commissioner on 21st November,
To address these requires the hard work of the government authorities, civil society groups, various groups and the community.
He said he was happy that the Azadi celebration also marked the preparation for India in
Prestone said that the government has taken this step to prevent the spread of the disease to other pigs. Prestone said that the disease does not spread to humans but only to pigs.
At this meeting, the Cabinet has decided to increase the financial assistance to the Adhoc Colleges in the state, as 75% of the funds are paid by the Government and 25% by the Managing Committee. I'm from college.
In another incident, a young girl lodged a complaint with the police that Teiboprlang Khongsngi and his friend had refused to rape her in Jalynteng village of East Khasi Hills District.
This is according to a statement sent by Bah Brosenly Siangshai President of UHM-East Jaintia Hills District.
The attempt to set a date for the two Chief Ministers to meet is ongoing to set a date for them to discuss the border issue between the two states.
Speaking to reporters, Symbut Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that at a meeting held today, the government has decided that all those who come to the state should show syrnot. which belongs to RTPCR and not to other types of tests.
In Meghalaya, there are still many households who still have to rely on Traw to cover their houses. The question of many of the people of the state is what has caused these households not to get their houses. The MLAs who have been involved in the elections have been involved in the elections.
The Antigent Kits Test was conducted in these three villages this morning and the results were positive for COVID-19, said Dr A War, Director of Health Services. you are healthy.
“For 40 years we have had a leader but the region is still lagging behind in all aspects, so it is time to get a young leader who can bring about change in the country. Mawlai Constituency.
In these years, the people have been able to celebrate the Independence Day of India as usual and the police have to be vigilant that the celebration of this great day will be enjoyed by all. get to take part together.
To mark the occasion, the Governor launched the State Anthem composed by Bah (L) Neil Nongkynrih, Founder of the Shillong Chamber Choir.
A mother has lodged a complaint with Sohra Police Station that a man named Batpateng Nadon, 24, has raped a 13-year-old girl. .
He assured that the Government of India is working hard to support the States and UTs in their efforts to provide accessible, affordable, quality and efficient health services to the residents.
Shillong, Nailur 04: The Pynursla Block Congress Committee (PBCC) has announced that it will take legal action against the MBBS course. The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) has decided to dissolve the PBCC without consulting the party office bearers in the constituency.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, in Shillong, said that six people have tested positive for COVID-19 today. Five persons from BSF and one from Ri Bhoi District.
To recall that Phagu Chauhan is the former Governor of Bihar and with this swearing-in ceremony he replaced Brig Dr. BD Mishra who has retired. state to witness the swearing-in ceremony of the new governor.
The highest daily payment last year (on the same date) was ₹ 57,846 crore through 9.6 lakh payments.
The purpose of the Sohphan Festival is to raise awareness among the people that if sohphan is used properly and marketed, it is a great source of income for the people.
The AGP has met with the leaders of the opposition BJP and Trinamul Congress to prevent the bill from passing in Parliament.
Pyniaid said that regarding the influx of foreign companies to the state, the council has tried to strengthen the rules and regulations. That any jobs that people from outside the State have been able to do, the council will not issue trading license to these people.
In a letter sent to the Minister, the Seng said that the Laskein C&RD Block is the oldest block which was laid the foundation stone in 1973 and has 96 villages including border with Assam.
KSU President Daniel Khyriem said that the KSU will continue to oppose the proposal to build a two lane road to the area. por that ban will come.
Evangel Pohphlet, who represented Meghalaya in the 3rd National K-1 Championship held in Rajasthan, was awarded at her home in Shillong. Evangel won the title.
Before being taken to court, Bah Vivek Syiem SP Shillong City said that he was arrested from the bus stand in Giwahati on Tuesday night and brought to Shillong today. He was also taken to the Civil Hospital for treatment.
“Conrad is a Garo and he is from Meghalaya, he should implement the ILP in the state,” he said.
“In the meeting with the NEHUSU leaders who are also members of the HYC, we asked them why the program was canceled and they said it had something to do with the RSS. The program does not belong to others but to the Hindi Department but they themselves claim that it is related to the RSS and that it is related to Hinduism.
On this occasion, the unit distributed small amounts of food items through Khaw, Phan, 3 khiew shet, 5 blankets and money.
Shillong, June 27: In a meeting with the deficit teachers at the office of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma today, he promised the teachers that their new salary according to the Fifth Pay Commission will be increased. it shall be done within shiphew days.
The winners were Varsha Kaushik of Kendriya Vidyalaya Kalaikunda, Sumona Das of KV Borjhar and Shilpa Chaudhary of KV Hasimara. Hindi Declamation Contest.
The expansion of trade between us will play a major role in the UAE's efforts to double its economy by
Replying to a question by Eugeneson Lyngdoh regarding the Mwphlang-Mawsynram road, Prestone Tynsong, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, said that the government has decided to improve the road. The road from LadMawreng to Weiloi is currently being prepared for the cost of construction.
Shillong, Jymmang 4: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War today said that the total number of people who have tested positive for COVID-19 in Meghalaya has risen to
In Meghalaya, only one seat has been set aside and that will be at NEHU, which will create problems for the students who want to sit for this examination.
Therefore, the Federation of Khasi States demands that the Government of India should exempt Meghalaya from the Citizenship Bill as part of the protection of the rights of the Khasi States.
He said that the post of MLA and MDC is difficult.
Regarding the police statement, the HYC alleged that the presence of such policemen in the police department has destroyed the trust of the public and has mislead them.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr.S.Jindal, President, AIFPA, said that the abundance of agricultural products in Meghalaya and the announcement of the Meghalaya government to allow 1000 presents to foreigners This is an opportunity for people who want to set up jobs in the state especially in food production.
The Dorbar decided to meet with Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, MLA, MDC, CEM, KHADC and members of the KHADC Selection Committee to discuss the KHADC Village Administration Bill 2013 proposed by the KHADC authorities. At the same time, the Dorbar of Chiefs has decided to urge all the 3367 Khasi and Pnar tribes (according to the 1981 census through the book of Bah Spiton Kharakor) to hold a Kur Dorbar or Seng Kur immediately to notify. ) the names of those authorized to issue the No-Objection Certificate (NOC), including the office of the Dorbar Kur or Seng Kur, and to inform the KHADC and Deputy Commissioners so that the There is no error in the issuance of NOC for the people in connection with the application of Schedule Certificate (ST) from the DC's office. The Chiefs of Meghalaya recall that on 29 October 2012 (last year) the Dorbar sent through their Leader Dr Balajied S Syiem, who was elected as a Member of the HLC Committee, The Dorbar expressed the need to implement, amend and strengthen many of the State Acts, District Council Acts and Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raid and Dorbar Hima Acts including the demand for the implementation of The Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation Act (ILP) under the Sixth Schedule areas, as part of the protection of the minority community.
What the government has to do now is to do whatever is necessary according to the report to punish those involved, the teachers are demanding what they should get their rights, there is nothing else even.
Many of them expressed their difficulties especially in coming and going due to the lack of roads, they said that many villages cannot be reached during the rainy season.
This fund is open to making small contributions so that people can contribute any amount of money.
Referring to Pynursla Constituency, the Chief Minister said that the Congress party has got the right candidate whom the people like and that is Dr J Rydong who is a trained doctor. specialized in human resources.
According to the workers of the factory, the reason is that the workers have not received their salaries for many months. three months and some were nine to five months old.
Prestone Tynsong received the award of Public Health Engineering, District Council Affair, Border Area Development and Administrative Reform.
“He said that the word Environment in English is a broad and complex word.
Therefore, if you have a phone number or if you don't have a mobile number, you shouldn't accept it as a mistake.
The Seng demands that the CM should resolve this issue and should remove the English and Hindi languages ​​and introduce only the Khasi and Garo languages ​​so that the state residents can get jobs in the posts. office.
Some believe that apprenticeships are part of youth education in Germany while in the UK they are paid for along with education which in developing countries is a guarantee of employment in low price.
Therefore, you should not have a feeling of guilt in your heart.
The Union Minister of State for Child Development also met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan at Raj Bhavan, Shillong. NEIGRIHMS and held a meeting with the Health Department of the State Government.
Other sources said that although the company has not come back to use these tires , it has been said that all these tires are no longer available at the site The KHADC is surprised.
Thousands of people today flocked to the church to pay their last respects to Archbishop Rev Dominic Jala. who are far away.
On the other hand, the employees of the office informed that the transformer in the village has broken down and will have to be replaced.
The Prime Minister's visit to Bangladesh is to explore ways and means to strengthen trade between Meghalaya and Bangladesh as Meghalaya is the closest state to the border. in Ri.
The government has urged all employees who are 45 years of age and above to get vaccinated to prevent the spread of COVID-1
The Khasi Students' Union (KSF) Central Body (KSF) has appointed a new Executive Committee under the leadership of Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem. 28th July, 2023 to recall the demands that the party has put before the Council since previous years.
Police have registered a case against them under various sections of the law and all the arrested are from Mawkhohmoit.
We appreciate the initiative of the KSU to search and monitor this foreigner until we lodge a complaint with the SDO Amlarem.
The meeting with the MLAs and MDCs will start from 11 am to 2 pm.
The Prime Minister said that there has been no such management in the field of education and the present government has found problems and when it found problems it has allocated more money than what was allocated. over the years.
In March, 2022, Meghalaya received the second rank award for the implementation of the Jal Jeevan Mission.
Replying to a question by Heavingstone Kharpran, the Minister in charge of Revenue and Disaster Management, Kyrmen Shylla, said that the government should have released the money on 21/6/2 .1,25,000/- for each.
This question of Bah Rymbui was in reference to the announcement issued by the Government of India in 2020 which sets the Minimum Support Price for kwai at T.
Shillong, July 04: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Riwar Mihngi has congratulated the SDO of Civil Sub Division Pynursla Bah Hynniewta for accepting the suggestion of the HYC to temporarily close the Pynursla Market. The lockdown has been in place for two months.
Rev Iashanboklang Rynthathiang, Church of Jesus Christ Riatsamthiah, said that through these songs, they can encourage and stir up the hearts of those who hear them. spirit.
Dr. Mukul said that to operate the ventilators, specially trained personnel are needed, but this training has not been taught. ICU ventilator is not working.
On the same day, the officials of NEEPCO under the leadership of Engineer Mr KC Kolita, laid the foundation stone for the resumption of phase ground for the gallery and water tanks, as well as to build a rynsan for the seating of invitees and others.
Students of the school took part in the march by carrying placards with inscriptions.
“After this, they threw guns at us and threatened to shoot us.
To discuss how to improve education and the outcomes of this and finally to discuss how to maintain internal security in the country.
Speaking to Batesi TV, the Syiem of Hima Khyrim, Dr. Balajied Sing Syiem, said that the arrival of thousands of children of the Hima to fill the dance floor is to honor the Hima once again. year to give thanks and praise to the Lord God for the blessing of all.
He said that there are also rules issued regarding the issuance of SC/ST certificates through the Office Memorandum (OM) dated 19th October, 2014 to the Deputy Commissioners of East Khasi Hills and West. Khasi Hills Districts.
Now the Government will have to speak clearly on that, what an urgent matter,” he said.
The Speaker said that this feeling in the society is very strong where people look down on those who have this disease. He said that the time is still enough to explain to the people that There should be this feeling should accept them as they are because many times those who get this disease are not because of them.
The existing institutions at that time were not able to meet the financial needs of these at that time.
He explained that it is a fact that the ILP in Ri Lum Khasi Jaintia is still alive and only the announcement from the Governor of the State is needed to implement it.
This was after the KJDSTA leaders met with the director on Thursday last year on this issue.
Father Sunny in his speech said that the T.150 lakh loan which they have taken from the MRB, in the past few days they have been able to pay up to T.60,000 tyngka and they have a lot of money. It is hoped that the Bakdil Krimkro SHG Federation will be one of the examples for other cooperative organizations in the future.
The delegation included RL Tongkhar, Minister of State for Village Council, Macmillan Byrsat, Gigur Myrthong, Kimfa S Marbaniang, MLAs, Tableland Lyngwa, Deputy Commissioner, Herbert G Lyngdoh, Superintendent of Police, KP Pangniang, EX MLA, and PD Sangma, SDO, Mawsyhynrut Civil Sub Division.
Besides doing many great things for the North East of India, he has also been involved in many works with the Central Government in various groups at various levels and now the Shillong, Nailar 16: A young girl from Shillong who worked as an air hostess with private company Indigo Airlines has died in Kolkata. long house three stories.
Brig RV Singh, Deputy Director Recruiting, who is in charge of the recruitment from North East, explained to the Chief Minister of Mizoram all the procedures.
The two-day basketball tournament was held at the Basketball Court of St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Laitumkhrah Shillong on Friday. Bah John Kharshiing who was the chief guest and distributed the prizes to the winners of the tournament.
With the victory of these two MDCs, the UDP now has five MDCs in the KHADC.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: U Samla Jeoffrey H. Jaraiñ, has contested the MDC election-2014 from the 19th Jaiaw District Council Constituency.
The distribution of other land resources is 60:40 between the District Councils and the State Government.
The Shlem would like to extend its special thanks to all those who have been willing to donate even in the midst of this year's crisis.
He said that on 26/10/2015, the government has introduced an amendment and through this amendment, the government's housing laws are only within the Shillong Agglomeration and the areas allowed. In addition, the KHADC has to enact building laws.
He said that the new weight bridge has been operational since the opening of the new weight bridge in June 2024, and before the opening of the new weight bridge, there was no notice or written notice from the government to the owner. The existing weight bridge, and this shows that the rights of the tenant have been violated.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister said that the sanctuary should attract tourists from all over the world and that they do not know the presence of many kinds of flowers and skut. The place of visitation shall be a place of knowledge.
During the question, Saleng A Sangma MLA of the INC said that when there was a raid by the KHADC authorities, the women of the tribal community came out to admit that this is their inheritance.
Shillong, July 20: U CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Pynshngianlang Syiem in reply to a question by Opposition Leader Manstudy Nongrem, PT Sawkmie and Teinwell Dkhar of the UDP on whether the EC can work. when there was no paid in the House of Commons.
Minister of State for Labor and Employment.
In this recommendation of the HYC to the VAB Committee, the HYC has put forward 99 issues to be included in the VAB. The VAB should explain the difference between the owner of the village and the foreigner.
States have been advised to, Put in place prevention and surveillance measures in high case areas.
The first Minister of Home Affairs of India came to seek clarification on the Khadar rule in Ri Khasi.
In the government report submitted to the Minister of Road Construction, the Union Government has made it clear that Meghalaya still has 2354 villages without roads.
The death toll has risen to 233 with five deaths in East Khasi Hills, four in East Khasi Hills and one in Ri Bhoi.
The Minister also visited the Kirpa Foundation in Upper Lachumiere, Shillong and talked to the residents of the health centre.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The Seng strongly condemns the State Government for introducing the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act, 2021 and also the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act, Rules, 2021.
Other places like Agartala, the capital of Tripura, Manipur have also been connected by the Kathakal-Bhairabi railway line and Mizrom will also be included in the railway map of the country.
A Mitra was able to provide assistance to at least one TB patient in the middle of treatment for six months in order to provide any supports to the patients.
In a statement issued by the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, it said that since 1/5/2021 there has been a sudden increase in the number of cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District. died.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: The BJYM Meghalaya strongly condemns the assault on the President of the Civil Society Women's Organization (CSWO) Agnes Kharshiing at Tuber Sohshrieh village, East Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, Nailur 13: Meghalaya Police today at 4.55 pm received a tip that a vehicle of the Meghalaya Police accompanying the Minister of State for Power, James PK Sangma, has collided with a vehicle. any accident in Nagaon, Assam.
The sessions will last for seven days, three days for private business and two days for government business.
If only 20 lakh out of 140 lakh of these Hindus from Bangladesh come to settle in Hynniewtrep, it means that the Khasi have become a minority in their own country and this can be witnessed in the state. In Tripura and Assam, the indigenous peoples such as Tripuris, Jamatia, Reang, Ahoms, Bodos, Misings and so on have lost their rights in all aspects to the immigrants from Bangladesh.
They ordered them to leave the house and after that they opened the bus.
The incident happened at 10.00 pm. Three persons died on the way to hospital while one person died on the way to hospital. The injured were treated at CHC Mawphlang.
“The visit to the Purulia Pumped Storage Project (PPSP) has been very beneficial.
RK Gupta after calling the Engineer of the office to inquire on the matter and the Engineer replied that the new estimate has already been received and it is up to the CPWD to call the tender.
However, the tipbriew tipblei and tipkur tipkha is what has existed since the beginning of the world as a strong source of strength for human beings.
Referring to the anniversary of the Aspirational District programme, Myntri Rangbah Duh said he was pleased with the inspection of the program by a private team.
The Government is currently in the process.
The Viewing Room is a special venue for the screening of 106 completed films, short films, animation films for the delegates. movie.
On the part of the elders, the speakers expressed their gratitude to the MLA for bringing about the benefits of the people.
“In the next few days there will be difficulties for the people, but to bring about change for the development of the country as a whole, he urged the people to be who are patient".
The government authorities have also taken all necessary measures to ensure that the election for the MDCs on the 13th of this month will be smooth and free from violence.
Furthermore, the JYF has urged those involved in the shooting of Batskhem Pala to surrender before the police as they have surrendered.
They request that something be done on this issue of the people of Shella area as soon as possible.
According to the District Magistrate, the storage and smuggling of meat by the vendors can cause the contamination of the meat through the pumps and can also spoil the meat which can cause diseases to the consumers. and this order was issued as part of ensuring that the cutting and packing of meat by the sellers and the keeping of animals by the people who used to keep them, including the and the beasts shall not be eaten.
On the other hand, Ms Rani said that they too have many responsibilities in many areas, at home to fill, as explained by the Ministers, they have to understand and have to follow the government's directives. .
Shillong, July 12: The Army will celebrate the 69th Army Day on the 14th of this month at the Garrison Ground Shillong at 10.30 pm and end at 2.00 pm.
Speaking to reporters, MeCAW Chairman Dr Roykupar Synrem said that the convening of the interim VC to the meeting of the Academic Council this morning is illegal, because the law does not apply. NEHU's position is that the temporary VC can only look after the day-to-day activities of the university.
Regarding this complaint, the government has dismissed the Engineer.
Three Vice Presidents, Allantry F Dkhar, Process Sawkmie, Shitlang Pale and Meralborn Syiem have been elected. From Garo Hills, 11 Secretaries and three Joint Secretaries have been elected.
Speaking to media, Grace Marry Kharpuri EM, Market, said, “Through this Act, each market will have a sub committee called the Market Managing Committee. to become members include traders, farmers and traders.
Shillong, Iaiong 08: The Khasi Seng Kmie Madan Weiking has celebrated its 106th anniversary this year. like the day of judgment.
Shillong, Naitung 17: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed 507 cases of COVID-19 in the state, 195 cases in East Khasi Hills and 195 cases in West Garo Hills. Hills 126 cases, total number of cases
Ampareen said the government cannot interfere with the work of the Lokayukta but can only send the names of the people who will be members of the Lokayukta to the Chairman of the Lokayukta. .
The program was enriched by a drama on the life and struggle of this freedom fighter by Kong Lapdiang Syiem and her team.
Meghalaya has abundant natural resources as well as agriculture and the people are well employed.
Bah Pynsngiang said that as leaders they should not be led by emotion, what has been done so far has been followed by what has been done before.
Shillong, November 16: The Chief Organizer of the Kur Kharpran Shillong Circle, on Tuesday said that the Kur Kharpran meeting scheduled for 18/12/2019 has been postponed due to unforeseen circumstances. can be avoided.
Not only that, we urge them to work together to demand roads in dozens of villages in the area which do not have roads yet.
“The proposal for amendment is to remove the rules for the appointment of Judicial Officers by the commission and after the introduction of the amendment, the appointment will be by the Meghalaya High Court.
In his speech, Myntri Rangbah Duh said that appointment letters have been issued to more than 1 lakh people who have been employed and he congratulated them and their families on this day.
Speaking at the exhibition, Conrad K Sangma said that the exhibition has helped the farmers in the North East to get a market for their products. foreign trade with other countries of the world.
The second letter was written on 19/03/2013, the third letter was sent on 24/3/2013 and the fourth letter was sent on 17/5
Speaking to media on Friday, Boltijoy Ryan Nongsiej, accompanied by his mother and sister, said that the cost of participating in the competition will be As a young man from a poor and low income family, he appealed to the State Government, various groups and individuals who have the opportunity to I urge them to support him for this good cause so that he can bring glory to India, Meghalaya and the nation as a whole.
Shillong, July 11: Congress Leader Rahul Gandhi will start his tour from Imphal, Manipur on January 14, 2024 and end in Mumbai on October sha this place is not set to end.
The loss of District Councils is due to the delay of the state government in releasing the first tranche of funds to the District Councils for the year 2020-2 This has created difficulties for the District Councils to receive the second tranche of the central government scheme.
During the march, they carried placards to condemn the Nobel Peace Prize winner, Aung San Suu Kyi.
Women play an important role in the use of water in the household.
These meetings are to introduce the participants to the implementation and components of these programs in creating employment opportunities, the ability to provide various services through the internet (digital) to the rural population and to promote quality service delivery by the authorities.
She said that in East Khasi Hills District there are 113 polling stations and 6 lakh voters and the turnout of the people to vote for the MLA has reached 80%. The same is true of the MP Election.
Jowai, November 01: U Dr RC Laloo, Minister in charge of Education, has laid the foundation stone for the construction of a B.ed College in Jowai at a cost of Rs 3.50 crore.
The MPSC has selected two candidates, one from Khasi-Jaintia and one from Garo according to a notification released on July , 2024.
In his speech, the DGP of Meghalaya Police said that this celebration is necessary for the spirit of patriotism to enter into them. sacrificed his life for the sake of the independence of the country.
On behalf of all the MLAs, the Speaker sends his condolences to the family members.
On the other hand, the leaders of these two parties said, “We are ready to accept all these in order to protect the Jaitbynriew from the floods as much as we can. Shillong, July 24, 2013: JYF Shillong, July 24, 2013: JYF Shillong, July 24, 2013: “This is according to a statement sent by the Arseng through Tricky Mukhim Police Secretary JYF. Banshai Khongwir General Secretary of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit said that on the 22nd of this month, the party lodged a complaint with the Tura Police Station. Bah Khongwir said that this is to defame the party and to create racial hatred.
He said that the dance is performed early in the morning before the children and as the day progresses, the elders and women dance and then in the afternoon followed by the people, both men and women.
To convey the voice of the whole House, which decided to request the Syiem and the Hima Khyrim Dorbar to accept the proposal to convene the Emergent People's Parliament in Smit in the last month of January. To authorize the Chairman and four Chief Executive Members to discuss with the KHADC authorities to be ready for the revision of the Sixth Schedule which will be held soon.
In his speech at the meeting, he spoke on many issues related to the defense of the country in which the armed forces are very important in this era.
The meeting was attended by not only the Rangbah Shnong but also the mothers, youth and village leaders. The meeting was also attended by the DSEO, DCPO ICDS from the Department of Health and Family Welfare. Ri Bhoi District.
One of the Rangbah Shnongs of the area said that he received a phone call from the Area Commander of the KPLT, demanding that each household should pay the KPLT 2,000 tyngka. .
The question is how does the Ministry of Health receive such unnecessary documents? Documents that do not have the right to be accepted as genuine documents to claim that they are citizens of Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the party will continue to follow up to ensure that the people do not remain in darkness.
meters Mawryngkneng for the construction of a Fire Service Station.
The arrested were Rakesh Singh of Rajasthan and a friend of Rajesh. The arrested were identified as Rakesh Singh of Rajasthan and a friend of Rajesh. Meena.
The government's goat farm at Nongshillong is a large area, but as it is now, the goats have been released like the village goats. There is no difference between the government's goat farm and the goat farm. country that riew public.
Shillong, March 25: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongthliew Circle today sent a letter to the Minister of Social Welfare Department, Ma Kyrmen Shylla regarding the government's delay in releasing the relief funds to the victims of the cyclone. This was done on 27 March
The HYC does not know who built the garbage dump but will report to the DC to send an inquiry to find out the perpetrators.
The meeting decided that as a group this month they will meet the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma to express their opposition to the decision of the Cabinet to implement the CPC and CRPC in the country. state.
“After 10:00 pm, many people don't feel comfortable walking on the streets.
Because the companies have already paid the highest price to the villagers at the price of T.160 tyngka per byrni.
The Minister of Food and Civil Supplies has urged the public to inform the number 1967 within the Ministry of Food and Civil Supplies if they have any problems regarding the food items. Please inform the government so that the government can arrange for this number.
There have been 39 recoveries today, 94851 people have tested positive for COVID-19, 92674 people have recovered from the disease, 92674 people have died so far. there were 1600 of them.
He said that the opportunities available in the security and patrol fields should be looked into to create job opportunities for the youth of the area.
Many prominent women of the state have graduated from this college and many young women have been able to stand on their feet through the services of this college.
Supporting the statement of Jambor War, the Leader of the Opposition, Titosstarwell Chyne, said that this is a disrespect to the members of the House.
The High Court of Meghalaya has summoned the Director and other doctors to appear before the court to answer the questions. what happened inside this federal hospital building.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, BDR Tiwari, Secretary Planning, Government of Meghalaya, praised the efforts of the PIB and said that such programs are essential in sharing information on the objectives of the PIB. government, programs and schemes to the public through mass media.
Recently, two Khasi youths who were earning a living in Khyndailad were bombed and tied with weapons by the Dkhars,” said the statement.
Speaking as the guest speaker, Amapreen Lyngdoh MLA Shillong East said that it is an honor for the state that the central government has recognized the freedom fighters of Meghalaya.
This includes Green Projects worth T.1.8 lakh crore and Projects for the development and transformation of land worth T.1.1 lakh crore.
Bah Lambor Malngniang asked whether it is true that the government has allocated T.45 crore and paid this amount in
ACHIK believes that only this mass protest by signing will bring unity for the daily needs of the people and this will be a strong basis for the people to express their demands. and they shall have nothing.
The Prime Minister expressed his gratitude for the hard work and determination of the pharmacies.
India is on track to reach its potential to introduce Green Hydrogen by
As one of the members of the Committee specially appointed by the State Government for the struggle for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India, he expressed his surprise at the delay. of the Government to send the matter to the Government of India for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
This road is no longer a PWD road and it is like a forest road. There is no one to look after this road. bein until many times the vehicles were stuck in the uphill parts of the syllang.
Shillong, Naitung 26: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has stood firmly against uranium, and is clear on that basis, because from time to time the KSU has reminded and informed the government not to allow uranium to be mined in any part of the country.
It was also decided to inform the KHADC authorities that they have thought carefully about Section
It provides assurance to the poor and families in need that they are protected from illness and the cost of living when they get sick.
After hearing the speeches of both sides, the Speaker of the House said that the House will decide on the privilege motion. The Privilege Motion was rejected by voice vote.
The winner of this competition will receive $5000 US currency, the winner will be paid for the travel expenses of the winner and two mentors.
The CEM of JHADC has sent the names of the MDCs to the DC(A) for approval. The names sent by the CEM are Bah KM Lytan as Deputy Chief Executive Member, Bah Amos Dkhar and Bah AH Darnei as Executive Members.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, said, “As you know, this is a long-standing issue and many of the employees in the Housing Board and they besought him that it might be done more quickly.
The sale of nano urea has also reached T 6 crore through these PMKSKs. Local drone entrepreneurs supported by fertilizer companies are joining hands with PMKSKs to improve the production of pesticides. fertilizer in a better way.
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, it is essential that people involved in this industry take measures to prevent the spread of this disease while continuing their activities.
“We have found through RTI that there has been misuse of funds in relation to the fees,” said Bah Rikut. There has also been an FIR lodged against the land in Khliehtyrshi and Lumpuhsih and the village money.
Superintendent of Police, Shillong City, Bah Vivek Syiem, while talking to SP News Agency, said that it is true that 500 rupees each song has been recovered from the city. Police have seized the money and investigation is ongoing.
The term of office of the Rajya Sabha MP from Meghalaya will expire on 12th June 2014 but due to the temporary resignation of the former MP, the new post has been filled from Meghalaya. .
With this amendment, the Indian Christian Marriage Act 1872 has recognized the certificate of marriage issued by pastors and priests.
Regarding the incident in Nognrah where two children were killed, the government has already provided 10 lakh tyngka and is now preparing to provide another 5 lakh tyngka to fight the case.
Regarding the social media, there have been those who have misused it and this is a danger when it is misused by people who want to disrupt the peace and order.
whose population has exceeded 7,000 inhabitants.
Before announcing the opening of the centenary celebration of the club, Tbn Laitphlang said that the CAC has a great story in it.
She said that the Office Memorandum dated November 18, 1972 allowed for a special allocation of posts at District level, where those who have not been transferred outside the district after being appointed, should have Combined Reservation of 80% of the posts for Garo, Khasi-Jaintia instead of 40% for Garo and Khasi-Jaintia.
Kong Silbi Passah, Chief Guest in the afternoon session, congratulated the youth who have come to receive computer training and urged them to follow the good example and try their best. the opportunities that arise because this is the time for them to try and apply what they have learned.
This award is only for those students from the 19th South Shillong and 15th Laban-Mawprem Constituencies.
The Ranikor MLA said that his goal is to bring about development for the people. The desire of the people to get a Civil Sub Division has been around for a long time. The MLA has taken up this issue to talk to the government since
Jowai, Naitung 14: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) through the Art & Culture Committee has expressed its pleasure to spread this news and would like to extend its special greetings to all the children of Jaintia Hills especially the children of religion. There are many people who will celebrate Beh Dein Khlam in different countries this year.
The meeting was attended by Bah AL Hek Minister of State, Bah M Kharkrang, Spokesperson of the party, Pastor Croslin Marbaniang and many others. On this occasion, there was a Christmas dance by the children of the orphanage. On this occasion, gifts were also distributed to the children. who are in this place.
It will be a great threat to our nation when these 'seinpuh' which we have set on fire will burn, sngaid and full of strength," said the statement from AJYWO. (SP News).
Speaking to reporters, Bah Shemstar said that his decision to contest the MDC election was taken through the encouragement of his friends who saw him as one of the leaders of the MDC election. many children and youth in sports activities in the state.
Shillong, March 02: U Bah Roykupar Kharraswai President of MEMRIWU on Tuesday said that if the government says that they will end their strike, the government should also grant their demands. .
These development works by UCIL in the area are to provide the employees of this company to mine uranium. There is no road, the government should improve the existing roads.
The first phase of this project is to select households to receive five kilos of rice for three tyngka.
The purpose of this program is to disseminate information on the rights of children and also to raise public awareness regarding these rights through programs in Child Care Institutions (CCIs) and Specialized Adoption Agency.
Four wheelers are allowed to carry only two passengers besides the driver, drivers must wear gloves, hand sanitizer and passengers must observe social distancing. each other.
“He said that KAS has already submitted a letter to the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma demanding that the Government should not make Khasi and English the official languages. Until now, the Khasi language has been recognized as the official language under the Meghalaya Language Act,
Shillong, Jymmang 09: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today announced on Twitter that one person has tested positive for COVID-19 in Shillong. -19 first.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, RM Kurbah, said that she has received information that the Assam police have come to the market in Bhoirymbong. called a meeting with the Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District today to discuss.
On the closing ceremony, The Shillong Times Editor Patricia Mukhim was the chief guest, National Awardee Rima Das was the chief guest. who distributed prizes to the winners of the festival.
The Minister said that so far 78 tests have been sent to NEIGRIHMS and all of them are negative.
These days they will be considered to be on duty, this will include those who work Ad-hok, those who work on contract if their job remains until 31st October
It will be a source of shame and pity to the listeners of the speaker.
The Chief Minister was accompanied by the Minister in charge of Urban Affairs, Bah S Dhar, Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Isawanda Laloo and government officials.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Pynshngian said he is still the leader of the People's Democratic Forum (PDF) and he has no information about the allegation by Shylla.
The sugar and kwai were recovered from an abandoned house on the border near Rongra village in South Garo Hills.
Debora Marak received the awards of School Education and Literacy, Home Guards and Civil Defence, while Zenith M Sangma received the awards of Taxation, Sports and Youth Affairs, Excise and Housing.
In his reply, the Minister gave an estimate of the number of military land according to the states and when it came to Meghalaya, he said that in Meghalaya the total number of military land is 116.52 acres.
According to the Child Labor (Prohibition & Regulation) Act, 1986, it stipulates that children under the age of 14 years should not be sent to work in any dangerous shops.
Justice Sen said there was an understanding between the two countries on who should be kept and who should be repatriated to Bangladesh.
