He said the government's steps to bring about reliable legal services, and pointed to the implementation of the Jan Vishwas Bill as a step in the right direction by reducing the number of cases. to reduce the burden of legal proceedings.
e.8March 2017 at the Executive Office of the Seng has discussed many issues of the Seng and especially the issues affecting the life and death of the Jaitbynriew and the following decisions have been taken: Regarding the letter sent by the Uranium Corporation of India Ltd (UCIL) to the union on 1st March 2017, No. UCIL/SHG/ADMN/2011/726, there will be no meeting on 16th March 2017 at Pinewood Hotel. The CEC has decided not to attend the meeting because the Seng believes that Horkit Hordang will not allow the mining of uranium from this Bri u Hynniewtrep. The Seng does not want to waste time and through this statement wants to send a clear message to the UCIL that the FKJGP itself says “EM IA U URANIUM”.
The continuous rainfall especially during the school holidays caused heavy traffic jam and many students were stranded in school till 4 pm.
Today, their family supplies milk to the village and surrounding villages.
On June 5th, on Sunday, I would like 9 minutes from all of you at 9 pm.
He explained about the workshop held at the level of Joint Secretary officers in the Union Government and ISRO in the early years of his tenure as Prime Minister.
The election story is over now it is time for the NPP to end the election, now it is our duty. “It is to provide the best service to the people in the next three years,” said Ampareen Lyngdoh. The UDP party has won the election and this will strengthen the MDA 2.0 government. The party will not look too much at that victory. He said that the UDP has won the election from the Sohiong Constituency.
Shillong, Lber 14: The CEM of KHADC, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, on Tuesday said that after seeing the speech of the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma on the border demarcation with Assam, the KHADC has invited the Three Himas, Nongspung, Jirang, Myllien, Nongnlang and Jyrngam Hima to speak because the people have complained about this boundary settlement.
They demanded that the wholesaler should deliver all the rice to these four villages and explain why he has not been able to deliver the share of the people of the area in the first two months of the year. past.
The union will also send a copy of the petition to the NIOS Shillong Centre, DSEO, DC, District Mission Coordinator of NIOS and Director of School Education and Literacy for their consideration.
Shillong, November 24: The Ri Bhoi Youth Organization (RBYO) under the leadership of its president Samla Baiateilang Lapang and all its members wishes you all a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year.
“The Government has implemented several reforms, and one of the most important is digital reform which has advanced over the years and put India on a strong platform for the development of productive power and future economic growth," she added.
The NBCC has decided to hold special meetings soon for the MDC election 2019 as the Nongkrem MLA Constituency has a lot of divisions. The villages enter Mylliem and the villages enter from Mawkynrew to Nongkrem.
This is the first time that the Syiemlieh Kur has laid flowers in honor of the great Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima. On this occasion, they also held a minute's silence in honor of this great man. not only for the Khasi people but for the whole of India.
Shillong, June 22: Twenty-five ambulances purchased from the Chief Minister's Relief Fund (CMRF) have arrived in Shillong this morning and preparations for their operation are underway.
Our unity will be an example to others.
With this stoppage, the coal mines will go wherever they go.
Referring to Meghalaya, Richard said that the Garo, Khasi and Jaintia people have their own culture and traditions. They have their own customs and traditions which should be preserved and which should be strengthened to preserve their own nation.
Union Minister of State for Child Development Dr. Jitendra Singh said that those who have retired from their jobs should do so and this will benefit them in terms of paying their pension through the bank doesn't have to pay for it.
The Union of Seven Sordars (Mawryngkneng, Pommura, Thangshalai, Kut, Puriang and Ksehpyndeng) has strongly opposed the failure of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to relocate the PHC from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. The leaders had planned to hold a protest rally on the 28th of July.
In Meghalaya, it will fund the Biodiversity Conservation and Forest Management Project in Sikkim on forest management and in Tripura, the Technical Cooperation Project on forest management. and agriculture in Mizoram and Nagaland will be the source of forests.
Shillong, Lber 25: BJP candidate Sanbor Shullai today filed his nomination for the MP election from the 1st Shillong Parliamentary Constituency. of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit and other party workers.
Besides the Penalty Shootout, the Club will also hold a Fete on November 1 and 2 where the bumper prize for Housie is Rs 50,000,000 on November 1 and Rs 1,00,000 lakh on November 2,
These remaining projects are nearing completion but delayed due to circumstances.
The meeting also discussed the road which is the source of income and economic development.
Shillong, Naitung 30: The Archdiocese of Shillong will hold a mass march on 5th July 2023 to pray for peace in Manipur.
Mawhati Indian National Congress CHARLES MARNGAR (WINNER), 9.
Despite repeated appeals, the crowd became angry and created trouble.
On the discussions to complete the second phase of the project, the Lamphang said that the Ministry of Development of North East Region (DoNER) has promised to allocate funds for the second phase of the project. The preparation of the Detailed Project Report (DPR) is ongoing.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that on the first day of the curfew, many people have violated the rules of social distancing.
The Prime Minister said that the government will continue to contribute to the ability of the DBCIC to keep records of the indigenous people of the region.
It is part of the HamaraSankalpViksit Bharat campaign, which focuses on reaching out to people in need, providing information, training from the community and promoting those who deserve to benefit.
Shillong, July 04: The Bangladesh government has issued an order to the residents of Nahar Punji to leave within nine days. These are the Khasi who decided to stay in Bangladesh after the country gained independence from Pakistan in
Twenty-seven or 28 states and various associations will take part in the tournament. types of stages of development.
On the other hand, Bah Kronding said that it would be good if the government could provide protection to the RTI applicants.
Jowai, March 22: The NSS Unit of Thomas Jones Synod College, Jowai has concluded its seven-day Special Camp at Pynthor Langtein village, West Jaintia Hills District.
Both sides had gained promotion to the SPL from the First Division, which Sawmer won last season ahead of second-placed Nongthymmai.
Balsan's mother said that if they arrest him they can arrest him but to say that until he dies he should not suffer.
During the meeting, they discussed how to work together to promote trade between the Government of Canada and Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the government has been putting up slogans around Shillong 'Keep Shillong Green and Clean' while on the other hand, it has empowered the company to plant and dig according to their wishes.
The funeral service will be held on the 2nd July 2021 at 1 pm from her residence at the Mawlai Presbyterian Church Mawlai Nonglum.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister of India said that the Central Government will ensure that the farmers will get good seeds along with the many assistance measures that the Government has taken for the The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, has said that the country's economy is experiencing a slowdown.
“I am pleased to announce that three more nurses from Meghalaya, Shishalapyntngen Lartang, Luanda B. Sangma and Baniewkor Mukhim have arrived in Japan through the Chief Minister Global Programme,” he said.
These problems in the state cannot be solved overnight, but there is a need for a strong government to implement for the benefit of the people and this should be the goal of the state. government for the people.
Police said that if anyone recognizes her, please contact the OC of Mawryngkneng police station to arrest her.
AFSPA has now been removed from many places.
In the 54th minute, Rohlupuia scored the first goal for Mizoram, and in the 80th minute, Rohlupuia scored the first goal for Mizoram. Oresterwell Langshiang scored the second goal for Meghalaya in the first minute.
In 30 years, the people of the country will celebrate 100 years of independence.
The rapid development in the region shows that the Central Government is paying close attention to the development of transportation in the region and the construction of highways in difficult to reach areas.
Tracking and reviewing the activities of districts and teams in high-risk areas, identifying acquisition data and the cooperation of law enforcement agencies led to this number of acquisitions seizure since October 1st.
Shillong, July 08: U Jawaharlal Nehru has assumed the post of Prime Minister of India before the elections. to the Lok Sabha of India and the first election was held in
The report on 'HarGharJal' looks at diarrheal diseases as they play the largest role in the burden of water, sanitation and hygiene (WASH) related diseases.
The GBC said that Garo is spoken by 1.5 million people in the North East and especially in the four districts of Meghalaya. spoken by 33% of the population.
If the child continues to be under the care of relatives, parents, he or she shall be enrolled in the nearest Kendriya Vidyalaya or private school.
If Bah AL Hek speaks rangbah, he should have collected a summary of the story in every place and started from the beginning, then he will know whether his speech is wrong or not. Shillong, Jymmang 24: The Leader of the National People's Party (NPP) in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Gigur Myrthong, on Tuesday said that many of the MDCs are still elected. Speaking to reporters, U Bah Gigur, who is the leader of the NPP in the KHADC, said that the party has A meeting has been called between the MDCs of the party regarding the issue in the KHADC and there has been a discussion to recall the MDCs who have left the party.
Other speakers at the meeting were Betasing BDO AG Momin, District AH & Veterinary Officer Dr PK Marak and Vice Chairman Diven Hajong.
Suman Lyngdoh has also won the title of Miss Shillong, Queen of Hearth, Cut Walk, Traditional Dress and Spontaneity.
Dr Ampareen recalled that there was a suspension of the Assembly Committee Member Julius Dorphang MLA in 2017 during the tenure of AT Mondal after he was charged with corruption. that you have beijot.
The damage and destruction of the property of these four families is due to the decision of the Raid Tynring on 31st October, 2014, which gave the right to own the land. The land, which has angered the people of Mawkduk against this decision of the Court.
The damage caused by the floods has been severe and the worst affected school is St Jude's School where the lower floor of the school has been flooded.
On this day, there were many traditional dances.
On this issue, the FKS Dorbar has expressed its regret that all this has happened due to the absence of the IOA & AA provisions in the Constitution of India.
He said he is pleased that the Government has taken action to include the Umtyngar-Sohra-Laittyra-Mawlong-Ichamati-Bholaganj road which has a length of 76.50 km in the list of State Highways and Major Districts. Road and designated as a National Highway.
He said that the ILP is like a human rights violation shows his own violence and not that of the people who demand ILP because this Act is in accordance with the Constitution and it is also a law implemented in Most of the states are located in the North East.
MSSASA President Aristotle C. Rymbai said the union has discussed the issue with the Chairman of NIOS, the Minister in charge of School Education and Literacy, of the Government. Meghalaya, the Minister in charge of Higher Education and the Chief Minister and the Union Minister of the MHRD Ministry of the Union Government have also informed the Chief Minister's Office. India but NIOS has not done anything to improve.
There have been 162 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 112 from West Khasi Hills and 29 from West Khasi Hills. There are 80,012 people.
Before the inauguration of the new office bearers, a meeting was held where Speeches were delivered by Justice Paul Lyngdoh, President KSU Delhi Unit, Samla Rapborlang Nongrum, GS Mawlai Circle. Speaking before the inauguration of the new members, Samla Sonstar Nongkhlaw, Asst Education Secretary CB, said that the meeting was conducted by Samla Sonstar Nongkhlaw. He said that if they are afraid now, the Assam police will become more powerful and this fear will continue to increase especially in the future because it will be like the police have been allowed to attack. Assam.
The theme of the training was “Women and the Constitution of India, Women and Laws and Domestic Affairs including Marriage, Divorce, Right to The Special Marriage Act, 1954, the PWDV Act, 2005, the Child Marriage Prohibition Act, 2006, the right to protect the Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal of Women at the Workplace Act 2013 to prohibit sexual harassment in the workplace.
Shillong, March 20: The KSU NEHU Unit has confirmed its new office bearers for the term 2017-1
The HNLC leader said that there are cases when the police arrest a person suspected of being a member of the HNLC, he has a boundary that leads to the death of his wife from heart disease. attack and the person suffers from mental retardation.
He said that there have been many meetings between the two states at the level of prime ministers and chief secretaries on this issue but till now no decision has been taken and this has caused many problems. problems for the people living in these areas.
New Delhi, Nailar 22: The Central Government has directed the State Governments not to impose any restrictions on the movement of people or goods within or between States under the Unlock Rules. -3 currently in progress.
In the past 25 years, Babu Dhar has provided Advanced Practical Training despite the challenges.
The MLAs from the opposition who took part in the discussion on the government's decision to implement the ILP in the state were Bah Meralborn Syiem, HM Shangpliang, Dr Amapreen Lyngdoh, PT Sawkmie, Charles Pyngrope, Kimfa S Marbaniang, George B Lyngdoh, Dr Azad Zaman, Zenith Sangma, Lazarus Sangma, Winnerson Sangma and Miani D Shira.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Pyniaid said that they are pleased to have come to the NPP to express their support to the NPP. party and also the upcoming MP election.
KSU WJHDU President Laitphar Syngkrem together with members of the committee met with the Director of Health Services (MI) Shillong to explain the shortcomings in the Laskeiñ CHC. There is no medicine for you.
Shops in Hat Mawdon have been destroyed by the rising water level. At the time of writing of this news, the rain is still heavy and the water has not subsided. it remains the same.
As the supporters, they express their gratitude to Martin M Danggo who has stepped down for the benefit of the people.
The ADG praised the hard work and dedication of the BSF troops who guard the border of Meghalaya for 20 hours.
Jowai, July 25: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has strongly condemned the arrest of MPUF President Dapoiwanmi Laloo for the arrest of a shop owned by a non-resident called 'China Bazar' which is located in Jowai.
The meeting was attended by Yuva Morcha President Ernest Mawrie, Vice President Dipayan Chakraborty, David Kharsati and State President Wankitbok Pohshna.
Shillong, Naitung 15: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, today said that 28 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in the state. BSF personnel and 9 others, 6 in East Khasi Hills and 3 in Ri Bhoi District.
As part of the joint efforts to support the villagers, the BSF has conducted a game for the school children of five villages on the border with Bangladesh: Cheragaon, Rongdusora, Naosora, Bagli. , Kachusora, Garobita, Majhesora and Khunjoy are located in the district.
The robbers phone so that at this time when the people are suffering due to the lockdown, the illegal people will fall into their hands.
Samla Marconi, while handing over the tins, said that although the party cannot provide them to all the households, the party will take all necessary measures to ensure that all the households receive them. .
Guwahati, August 09: Former Arunachal Pradesh Chief Minister Kalikho Pul has passed away at his residence in Itanagar, the capital of Arunachal Pradesh. it is the murder itself.
This is for their health and education and to be able to support themselves and this assistance will be T.10 lakh until they reach the age of .
Therefore, you are kindly requested to arrive at Shella Village in the morning on
“Up to 4,135 bottles of Phensedyl containing 100 ml were seized,” said the SP. “After completion of investigations under the NDPS Act, the drug was seized.
Before a child comes into our family we should ask ourselves - am I prepared to meet the needs of the child? Or will I leave it to the trust of society? Shall I leave my son without care? No parents who will continue to have children have to live a life like this and so social education is needed.
The KSU is surprised that the leading BJP leader has spoken openly and admitted that the arrival of the railway in Khasi Hills will not lead to the influx of mynder and foreigners to these hills.
On the other hand, the president of the LJP said that the PDF is a party of the old people in the new bilor. There is no sign of thobria in any of these areas.
At the same time, Dr Azad said that the letter sent to the Prime Minister of India contained only the names of the areas under Raksamgre, Tikrikilla and Phulbari, while the names of Rajabala and Selsella Constituency where most of the land falls under the Selsella Block has not been named in the letter. This is an insult to the farmers of Selsella and Rajabala Constituency, said the Rajabala MLA.
It is important to remember that such stories are brought forward by those with motives and should therefore be viewed with caution.
At the same time, Kamalpreet Dhanoa, President AFWWA held a meeting with the AFWWA Presidents of the area and other women who attended the meeting.
On the other hand, Bah P.Majaw President of JYF said that they are not happy to know that the JHADC does not have the fund to pay the salaries of its employees. The Council will be successful if the MDCs take responsibility and use their powers properly as leaders empowered by the people, said Bah Majaw.
The Seng will not stand idly by but will continue to monitor this issue.
While Brother Hood won the title by beating Lumsohkhlur 4-3 goals and won the cash prize of T.10,0 T.5000 cash prize, as well as a volleyball tournament was held with the participation of the youth of the area.
These are to promote tourism, income and culture of the region, said Bah Diengdoh.
The nar rods carried inside the truck weighed about 20 tonnes and unfortunately before the truck could pass, the bridge suddenly broke into two pieces.
Shillong, November 30: Ampareen Lyngdoh, the candidate for the NPP MP election, will be broadcast live on BFI's YouTube channel. At the same time, the Minister of State today in a meeting with reporters at the NPP office, Ampareen said that no one can convict anyone of stealing. a man without the seal of judgment.
#Tokyo2020".
Dr. Jitendra Singh said that the strengthening of livelihoods in the North East in the last 10 years is an example of the development of Prime Minister Duh Modi.
Also present on the occasion were the elders and members of the Mawkhar Dorbar Shnong.
There are physical disabilities in various mental and spiritual characteristics.
He said that Rahul Gandhi is also the voice of the people in the country.
Regarding the payment of salaries of the employees, it is difficult for the JMB to raise funds as there is no revenue at present, even the collection of property tax on houses does not work. can.
Mr. Mark West Kharkongor came to explain about the programme.
The training they have launched is the “ATM Talking Project” for the disabled. This training was funded by the MDA-I state government. and many brothers and sisters who have no members of the body have benefited.
Shillong, July 01: The Meghalaya Government has recently removed MN Nampui IAS from the post of Commissioner and Secretary of the Social Welfare Department and appointed Pravin Bakshi in her place until further notice. even.
PN Syiem said that according to the report of the special committee set up for the road, other projects will not be affected, but the road from Wahkaji to Mawthabah will be damaged. The PDF has decided that the review of the EC's decision will be only for the road from Nongstoin via Rangblang to Wahkji.
The General Secretary of the KSU East Jaintia Hills District Unit, said that the KSU has decided to continue the protest by sleeping on the streets on the 25th November, 2023 as a sign of anger against the state government and the KSU. The National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) has failed to take action on the demand for the improvement of the National Highway-6 in East Jaintia Hills District.
Nongpoh, June 01: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) North Khasi Hills District Unit (KSU) will hold a march on the 4th June 2014 in Nongpoh. From prison.
To provide police services to the people, the government has set up 18 new police stations across the state.
After a thorough discussion, the Chancellor of USTM has approved the introduction of Khasi Khasi subject in the Diploma, Master Degree and Ph D courses from the new year.
He urged the District Council not to issue a Trading License to this foreigner and if the council issues a Trading License to this foreigner, KHANM will not hesitate to go and ban the lockdown. the Trade Deal within this council.
Shillong, Lber 25: The Government is committed to the development of the North East including Garo Hills in Meghalaya.
Shillong, July 19: The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (AICC) today celebrated the 47th birth anniversary of AICC Vice President Rahul Gandhi at the Congress Hall in Shillong.
This incident has also caused traffic jam on the highway.
He said that in the last 10 years of the Modi Government, the work of building cooperation between the NDRF and NDMA through training exercises, promotion of team safety, team building and The provision of NDRF personnel in all parts of the country has been completed.
He said that three banks including SBI, HDFC and AXIS but other banks like MRB and Bank did not attend the meeting convened by the CEM. of Baroda and some banks have not come anymore because they have implemented the documents issued by KHADC to verify the ownership of the land.
Attempts to secede from India were also defeated.
Shillong, Nailar 22: The Director of Health Services (DHS) on Tuesday said that Meghalaya is facing a severe shortage of doctors. From the funds sent by the government, they work with other hospitals.
Replying to a supplementary question by Saleng A Sangma regarding the charge of light to the villages which do not have light, the Minister said that he will take action so that this should not be done. occur.
During the meeting, the Governor discussed many issues related to Meghalaya.
The Chief Minister said that the discussions on how to resume coal mining in the state are ongoing. The Coal Mining Department of the Union Government has directed the State Government to prepare the ways on how to proceed with coal mining.
On the part of the children, Plielad Pohtmi said that this is the first time that he has been able to take part in such trainings.
In the past few months, the residents have been facing darkness and lack of electricity for many days and until now the electricity supply is not sufficient.
Referring to the border dispute, the Minister said that Assam has bordered with four states as they were formerly part of Assam, like Meghalaya, Nagaland and Mizoram.
Finally, the JSU requests all the people of Jaintia Hills to attend the public meeting on 30/11/2013 at 12 noon with a spirit of courage and spirit. responsibility for the life and death of our country and nation.
He said that there are six polling stations where the election officers have to leave two days before the polling day and this has been approved by the Election Commission of India. .
In a statement sent by Bah R.Harvis Phawa, Rangbah Shnong of Jalyiah, he said that he will convene an emergency meeting of the Executive Committee of Jalyiah Village to discuss the donation to these refugees. face this suffering.
He said that once upon a time we called Iooksi a beautiful village full of big and beautiful trees, a beautiful Kupli River with a water called "Umshit" Hotspring) which attracts tourists which is a place to cure skin bruises. However, in the accumulation of wealth and greed of people, gradually we have lost this beauty.
The government will have to reconsider as the GNLA is still continuing its activities.
In his speech, Bah PT Sawkmie, former MLA of Mawlai, said that education is important.
The Additional Chief Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya in charge of the General Administration Department.
Shillong, July 30: The East Jaintia National Council (EJNC) today met with the Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui and handed over a letter to him to ask whether the Residential School and Teacher Training Center in Byndihati have been completed.
It is from the implementation of the system that later it was implemented throughout the state.
In his speech, Bah Tokiwaio Blah IAS, who has retired from his post, congratulated the District Administration for organizing this celebration.
JSU Khliehriat Circle and Southern Border Zone together with the leaders of the JSU Khliehriat Circle continued to raid foreigners on this day and the members of the JSU went to Ratacherra at the gate to enter and leave the country. state.
Speaking at the meeting, the Prime Minister said that the National RozgarMela has become a new initiative of the present government in which appointment letters have been handed over to more than 70,000 people today.
He said the AICC has ordered that such protests should be held in all districts of the state.
This dance is a sacrifice to the Creator and at the same time to ask the Lord to bless them.
The Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, today said that a meeting between the government and the HNLC members was attended by the Political Secretary, Vice Chairman and Executive Members. The ksiang decided that the talks would begin in the first month of July.
Doctors and health workers in different parts of Meghalaya who have been threatened by the insurgents have affected their work and some of the names of those who have been threatened are u Dr.(Mrs) V.G.Moinin, M & HO, in-charged Charlutta PHC Dr.(Miss) Mary Margareth Moinim, Dobu PHC.Dr.P.Bezbaruah, DM & HO, East Garo Hills.
In a complaint signed by General Secretary Ramen Das, NEPMU said that the decision was taken after the members of the Union who were arrested by the Meghalaya Police since 24th Naiwieng, 2023 They have been arrested by the Nongpoh Police Station, Ribhoi District on charges of stealing petrol from petrol trucks in the middle of the road.
Shillong, Naitung 16: Meghalaya has received approval to improve the supply of electricity under the scheme on 14th November 2022, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma today announced on Twitter.
The Chief Guest, EM of KHADC, Bah Jambor War in his speech, said that the Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav is an opportunity for India to remember the bravery and courage of Tirot Singh Syiem, Kiang Nangbah and Pa Togan Sangma from the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo Hills of Meghalaya.
On the other hand, Bah Commander appealed to the public to be patient with the film and promised that the film will continue to be shown especially after the curfew.
The purpose of this training is to assist the people in case of any natural disaster.
East Garo Hills Police on receiving this information rushed to the village but found that the four persons were dead on the spot.
The Prime Minister said that since the Fourteen Finance Commission has reduced the allocation of central government schemes, the ban on coal the government has lost a lot of revenue in the midst of these problems. pay the salaries of the employees and other necessary payments without any problem.
He added that the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society has conducted many training sessions on the spread of HIV and AIDS in schools and colleges.
They have announced the names of the candidates immediately and without delay.
In Madhya Pradesh, in the 230-member Assembly, the BJP won 159 MLAs and could form a single government, the INC won 69, the BSP won 1 and the BHRTADVSIP-1 you shall have the authority to rule over this country.
The T20 recommendations have been translated into policy briefs and submitted to G20 working groups, Ministerial meetings, and leaders' summits to assist the G20 in developing strong policies.
He will also open the Shillong-Diengpasoh road, which will improve access to Shillong city and free Shillong from traffic jam.
In other districts, 36 cases have been reported in Ri Bhoi District, 2 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 11 cases in West Garo Hills, 1 case in South West Garo Hills, 1 case in South Garo Hills, 1 case in East Garo Hills and 1 case in North Garo Hills.
Shillong, July 25: U Dr. Aman War, Director of Health Services, Government of Meghalaya today honored the Ai Jingim Voluntary Blood Donors Organization for donating 961 units of blood. in blood donations which they are made 43 times.
The Seng sends its special condolences to the family of Hurupukni near Dangar for the death of a woman in the blast that night. except for the tragic incident due to the collapse of trees, houses and sme which have collapsed in the storm.
During the meeting with the public, AMRUT officers, state and city officials explained the objective of the campaign and the importance of the visit.
The decisions taken by the government are to allow all sports from the 23rd of this month, to reopen cinemas and to allow people to allow only 100 people from the hall. , was also allowed to open the Jakpot strongholds.
Shillong, July 11: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) through its Employment Monitoring Cell has lodged a petition with the Director (Corporate Affairs) of MeECL regarding the delay in the appointment of Assistant Engineer (Electrical/Mechanical) .
However, it seems that the Government of India has taken these talks in the form of a surrender,” said the HNLC. “It is important to know that many of the armed groups in the North East have already surrendered. their organization, they were banned.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: The HANM today closed down its offices on the Seng Kut Snem Day which the state government has declared a holiday to commemorate this day across the state.
On the other hand, the NPP candidate has urged those who shout prah to go home in case of injury. During the election campaign, the NPP candidate has alleged that the VPP party is a party that does not exist. base.
After being explained, many of them were clear and now they are ready to cooperate.
All those who tested negative were clean.
The protest against these organizations shows that they have ignored the government's enforcement of Section 144 CrPC and the order not to gather in the same place.
The three arrested persons have been charged under the NDPS Act.
In a statement sent to the media, Bah Adelbert Nongrum said, “The statement of Bah Vivan G.Kynta, that there are those who are stupid and those who explain wisely, I would like to say, u the people shall judge him, who shall be wise and who shall be foolish.
Shlem is a place where the rich and the poor are spread.
No one was injured in the incident but the damage was estimated at tens of thousands of rupees.
Shillong, November 02: The Meghalaya Idol Season – I, one of the public events organized by the Meghalaya United & Social Organization (MUSO), is now ready to hold a youth talent competition in Meghalaya. you sing you siaw.
The Meghalaya Asha Workers Union (MWU) has been involved in the protest.
The total number of cases is 766, in East Khasi Hills 446, of which 80 are BSF, 77 Army and 284 civilians.
Bajengdoba CP. COMSO members do not have ID cards.
Come, let us bow before this power and help him to overcome the problems in his daily life.
“If the Government wants to play and wants to help the youth in the Bri u Hynniewtrep, those in charge of the Khadar rule have to take responsibility.
Shillong, Nailar 20: The Joint Action Committee of farmers from Mawkynrew, Mawrengkneng and Nongkrem today met with Bah Himalaya Shangpliang MLA of the Party Congress. The problems of the jhur farmers in these areas.
Obil Kyndait won the MLA election from Rymbai Constituency in 1978. After that he served many times as an MDC to the JHADC. The General Secretary of the Union of Rangbah Kurs of Hynniewtrep, Bah Aristotle Lyngdoh Mawphlang, has sent his condolences on the passing away of JHADC. rangbah and this is a great loss to the nation.
Therefore, if the board cannot explain the sudden increase in bill light in these few days, we will demand that the people should not pay bill light to the board.
On the other hand, Bah JL Umbah, former Rangbah Shnong, handed over all the documents and requirements of the village and also handed over the village affairs to Bah Tolbin Umbah, Rangbah Shnong. new city.
The public cleanliness campaign is to clean up all the surrounding areas of the hill and to clean up the rest areas, the huts and other areas within the boundary of the hill.
Speaking in the House, Pyniaid said that the Central Government's plan to implement the Uniform Civil Code in India will affect the tribals.
“As the indigenous people of the North East of India, we cannot say that our indigenous people are in great danger from the they shall not be overthrown by the nations.
Shillong, July 16: The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, T Tshering today launched the NABARD budget for the allocation of T.1936.37 crore to Meghalaya for the year. budget 2019-2
The persecution of Christians and other minorities in Assam and other states should worry and disturb us living in Meghalaya.
Shillong, March 31: The Lumdiengjri Dorbar Shnong has re-elected Purity Phawa as the new President of the Women's Wing.
Therefore, we urge the Government of Meghalaya to take action to
However, there are still internal conflicts such as insurgent activity which has severely affected the peace and order in some parts of the state.
Shillong, June 19: The Secondary School Leaving Certificate (SSLC) Matric examination has started today with all the examination centers following the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to prevent the spread of COVID-1 19.
Before the Holy Mass, Archbishop Victor together with the people of God took part in the procession of Sla Tlai to commemorate the entry of Jesus Christ into Jerusalem.
Thabah also sent a message to the VHP, that if they feel that they have responsibility for the situation in our state, they should first arrest the members. of them, who are here in Shillong, who held a rally last year in Laban on Sunday standing in front of the gate of the Grace Covenant Church.
This disease is more common in the tribes.
The KSU has already withdrawn from the KSU's alliance with the KSU.
The Directorate of Civil Defense and Home Guards, Meghalaya on Saturday announced that it requires Home Guard Volunteers who have completed training to serve in the Lok Sabha elections.
HarGhar Tiranga will also be held this year as an important part of MeriMaatiMeraDesh, he said.
He said that this donation to the Mawiong Rim Village is part of the assistance for the needs of the village in the use of the funeral home, village meeting and others.
The investigation was handed over to WPSI M. Marbaniang.
“I will start this program on the 2nd of June and I will start this program from Lawbah to meet with the people to inform them about the schemes and after receiving the demand from them. I will take the people and inform the officers and the officers will do whatever is necessary for you people,” said Bah Shangpliang.
The salary of T.94,000/- for each youth will be paid by the State Government.
The Assam Rifles is an Armed Force and falls under the Ministry of Defense of the Government of India.
Prestone, leader of the NPP party, said that Nongrum was a leader of the people and he should have understood.
Samla Rapborlang Nongrum, General Secretary of KSU Mawlai Circle, said that the thanks go to God for protecting the precious souls of those who live in these areas. two houses, of course it is painful to see these houses destroyed but these things we can still get back or rebuild even if it takes time but they should be strong, naka He also urged the BDO office to expedite the assistance which these families are entitled to receive when faced with such natural disasters.
Shillong, Naitung 14: There are 21 new cases of COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, 1 in East Khasi Hills, 1 in South Garo Hills and 11 in West Jaintia Hills. Hill 1.
“During the time of the Assam government, the Chief Minister Bishnu Ram Medhi used to encourage the youth. Assamese to marry Khasi women and he promised to reward for that, because the aim is to spread throughout the region to become one ethnic group in the state.
Students will fill out an application form.
On the other hand, the authorities have urged the NOIS to increase the number of training centers so that they can open centers in other districts which remain and those who can register will be those who are of age. 16 to 19 students up to class XII in East Jaintia Hills and Ri Bhoi District.
The meeting also urged the Union Minister to allocate funds for the construction of the Top Um in Jhalupara, the upgradation of the Goenka Hospital and the Shillong Cantonment School as sent by the Cantonment Board. .
Meghalaya's rice has been registered in the name of East Sunrise Company and the union is sorry to receive this registration. You are not a member of the Foof Corporation of India.
In the letter, he said that although a meeting has been held on this issue, the SMB has not been able to provide water to the people. doesn't.
If the government of Dr Mukul Sangma does not listen to the demands of the candidates 2010 DSC passed, the parties will announce a strong and long-term protest.
Speaking at the meeting, Chairman of the RDA, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, who is also the President of the UDP, said that the cooperation between the two political parties is because the people want these two political parties to become national leaders. He said that now it is the turn of the people to give their full support to Bah Robert who as a group they are ready to win.
These bullets were recovered by the Chokpot Police from an underground burial place after receiving a tip from a source that there were boxes of bullets hidden by the police. A suspect was arrested in a forest area in Chibokgre village under Chokpot Police Station, South Garo Hills District, police said.
At this meeting, the CEM of KHADC said that the Hima and Electoral College should have Subordinate Courts, courts in the Hima.
This promotes compassion, understanding of rights and a broader view of social issues.
It messed us up at home.
Shillong, March 20: To protest against the destruction of temples in Bangladesh by criminals, Hindu devotees in Shillong today held a march in vehicles to protest against the incident. in the city of Shillong.
Similarly, through the generation of solar electricity from households, 10 crore households will have access to 300 units of electricity per month.
Speaking at the meeting, Debashree Mukherjee said, “Meghalaya has already done its duty.
Rahul Gandhi was accompanied by All India Congress Committee Leader Jairam Ramesh, General Secretary KC Venugopal, Meghalaya Governor A Chellakumar and other senior party leaders.
The Minister said that we will not allow the sale of drugs in India, and we will not allow the transportation of drugs to other parts of the world through India.
The statement of the CM of Meghalaya that “the border demarcation will be suspended because of the Mukroh incident” is surprising. The cause of this incident in Mukroh is the lack of clarity on the boundary.
Beware of the sheep dressed in sheep's clothing and live to stand on the foundation of our customs and traditions which history says that Syiem Tirot Sing Syiemlieh, who stood to fight for the independence of the Khasi rule, which means the freedom of the Kur Dorbars, Kur Sengs, Shnong Dorbars, Raid Dorbars and Hima Dorbars in these holy hills of ours.
He said that although he is no longer their MLA, he will continue to serve the people of the constituency.
The government has informed through WhatsApp and Facebook, but most of the contractors are mystery workers, Muster Roll, and MNREGS workers and the government has directed them to call 1070, However, it was suggested to install 50 more phone numbers for the contractors to call and this should be done immediately.
Shillong, Nailur 22: The former Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) who has become the Leader of the Opposition in the Council has expressed his anger over the lack of prior notice of the issues discussed on the opening day of the dorbar. Special meeting of the KHADC which started today.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The CEM of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem, on Tuesday said that the allegation against him by the MDC of Nongkrem that he has not spent Rs 3 crore as in other constituencies is wrong. .
“The Court does not want to know the letter between the NHAI officers or the letter instructing the contractors, what matters is when the work will start and when it will be completed. The Division Bench comprising Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee and Justice B. Bhattacharjee said in an order hearing the PIL.
Shillong, March 25: There are 13 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 8 cases in West Jaintia Hills and 2 cases in West Jaintia Hills. to date, 587 cases have been reported.
During the visit, the Chief Minister wished those who are undergoing treatment a speedy recovery. The Chief Minister was also accompanied by the Medical Superintendent of the Civil Hospital Shillong.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The first Cabinet meeting of the Cabinet meeting in Jaintia Hills District was scheduled to be held at the Mih Myntdu Quest House in Jaintia Hills District. “No ILP No Cabinet”.
The private hospitals that the government has recognized as being able to test are Bethany Hospital, Dr H. Gardon Robert Hospital Shillong and Nazareth Hospital Shillong.
Plastics were first introduced to the world by Alexander Parkes of Birmingham, England, who demonstrated his discovery in 1862 at the Great International Exhibition in London.
He said that the turnout of the people across Garo Hills to cast their votes is higher now than in the last MDC election. vote yours.
On the day of the launch of this book, there were many friends who accompanied her. On this memorable day, this book has written a lot of information about this great man of the world who wrote fame to this day through great deeds.
Shillong, March 23: U Bah AL, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, today said that the Joint Action Committee from Sohiong Constituency, which includes the KSU, Dorbar Shnong and Seng Kmie, The PHC in Weilyngkut will be commissioned in the first month of November
All of us as the residents of the village will come together without any discrimination so that the family will know that you will stand and witness in a good way to all those who come to sympathize with this incident.
He said that the people should not think that watching movies is a sin because when watching movies, they should learn good lessons. -If he wants to send a message that as parents they should have responsibility for the family, they should not be involved in alcohol and also for women they should not get involved in work. prostitution, in addition to the message of love and forgiveness, he added.
Shillong, March 29: The Political Department of the State Government today informed the public that the Supreme Court of India has issued an order that the Government should appoint female police officers. who dress publicly in public places.
Shillong, June 26: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today launched the Ginger Mission Scheme at the Farmer Training Center in Upper Shillong.
“The biggest foundation for the transformation of India's health sector is SabkaPrayas (everyone's efforts),” he said.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the Chief Minister, Charles Marngar, he said that he had received information that on 13th July 2021, Assam had deployed CrPF personnel in the village. Umlaper is located in Ri Bhoi District.
The KSU leaders also sought their opinion on the MRSSA and Prestone said the state government has received a reply from the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA), GOI on this issue.
Shillong, July 20: The Government of Meghalaya today announced the appointment of a special committee to select the sites for the PMSHRI schools in Meghalaya.
Out of the 58 MLAs who won the election, 57 MLAs turned out to vote on the day of the election to elect the Speaker. Shillong, Lber 12: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Dr Donkupar Roy, who was elected today, has promised in the Legislative Assembly that all the members of the Legislative Assembly will receive He said that it does not stand in accordance with the Constitution of India.
The President of the HNYF-EJZ, Bah Julius Nongtdu, said that as of now, the NH 44 has deteriorated so much that it cannot be explained in the areas from Tuberkmai Shnong to Malidor. compared to those in West Jaintia Hills District.
As a team we have worked hard, day and night and I am happy that through cooperation we have achieved this goal," he said.
This is according to the findings of the online news.
The Sixth Schedule has nothing to do with the CAA 2019; and there is no paragraph in the Sixth Schedule that defines citizenship.
Referring to himself , he said he will contest from Sutnga Constituency , he said it is true that at present he cannot do well because he still has to look after the state and as an MP he has to have to Delhi, but in the next few months he will go to the constituency to contest the MLA elections.
On the issue of traditional symbols, the KTFA has acknowledged that there is no dispute or order to remove them, but has relied on the authority of the Syiem of Doomora Hima to remove them. this work.
This celebration of this day is ideal for Meghalaya as it has tourist attractions that can attract people from all over the world.
These cellular changes can turn into detention in the bloodstream and lead to numerous diseases.
Shillong, March 14: The Executive Member of KHADC in charge of Elaka Affairs, Bah Jambor War, said that the office has already sent a clarification on the land where the HNYF Shillong Region has come to complain. and the place is not in Mawlai Umshing.
Shillong, July 22: The filing of nominations is only nine days away but many parties have not yet announced their candidates for the MLA elections.
The first goals were scored by Samuel Kynshi in the 10th minute and Phrangki Buam in the 25th minute.
About 3000 youths from all over the country came to understand the jobs offered by TimesPro, Adecco, Sudexo and many others.
Our youth, both men and women, are the hope of the country.
To prevent the spread of this disease, we have to take stricter precautionary measures in terms of social distancing to prevent the spread of COVID-19 and to eradicate this disease from East Khasi Hills. Hills and from this state in violation of the guidelines laid down by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
This is the largest tree in the state on such an environmental day.
According to a statement sent by the party leaders from Nongkrem constituency, they alleged that the party has decided to give ticket to Bah Hilarius Warbah for the seat. The MDC Election without consulting the party.
“The Government has introduced many missions for the farmers but for the synsar farmers it is sad that it has killed us because the price in the market has dropped by more than half,” he said.
In his speech, the Director, MUDA, Bah E Kharmalki, explained the working methods of the garbage dump which was inaugurated today by using modern equipment. to keep this place clean.
Mawngap, July 15: The preparatory meeting for the Fourth Special Assembly of the Village Authorities of Marbisu, Mawphlang, Nongspung, Sohiong, was held today at Market Complex Mawngap, at 10:00 pm. 11 pm, on the 15th February 2013, to discuss the preparations for the Special Session to be held on the 13th February 2013 at Mairang, in front of the office of the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima.
He said that there should be a secondary school in the area, so that the children can continue their education, because it creates problems for the parents. They don't have to go to school in Shahar village.
This is in preparation for the paperless administration of the Legislative Assembly, starting from the current session by posting articles on the NeVA website and the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly website.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the MDA Government has not promised that it will be able to resolve the border with Assam, but it is looking for ways and means to try. be difficult, slow and variable.
Shillong, July 07: The Nongkrem Block Congress Committee (KNC) has expressed its gratitude to Bah Edar Lyngdoh Nongbri, former MDC Nongkrem Constituency, KHNAM, for his decision to conduct the MLA Election John F Kharshiing, the candidate from the 22nd Nongkrem Assembly Constituency, from the Congress party.
He said that the people can exchange money on that day as they please and the 100 coins will be very small. There will be no restriction on those who want to withdraw the money.
In Chokpot Civil Sub-Division, Sengchim N Sangma raised the flag.
Hundreds of party leaders from across the state attended the 25th Anniversary of the party and on the same day the office of the party UDP was opened in the city. Shillong, Shillong: The party leaders today spoke to explain how to ensure that they can hold power in the state.
It was through this meeting that it was decided to take action to bring the unity of the NECDC from the Committee to the Council.
He said that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah has taken care of this issue and has promised to hold meetings with various departments of the Government in the coming days.
Shillong Press Club said that the reason for the eviction was because she had requested RTI for NERGA schemes in Lama village in 2019 and on 30th November. 2020 has been destroyed.
These amendments also introduce the proposal to change the names of the ADCs to Karbi Anglong Autonomous Territorial Council (KAATC), Dima Hasao Autonomous Territorial Council (DHATC), Garo Hills Autonomous Territory Council (GHATC) and Khasi Hills Autonomous. The KHATC, the JHATC and the Tripura Tribal Area Autonomous Territorial Council (TTAATC) because the powers of these ADCs are wider than those of the districts.
The winners will be awarded with a trophy and cash prize of T.7000/-. The first prize winner, the second prize winner will receive T.5000/- and the third prize winner will receive T.3000/-.
On the other hand, BSF PRO UK Nayal said that the smuggling of cattle from Pynursla area has spread to Bangladesh.
Furthermore, the KSU Thyllaw said that such incidents have happened in the past in 1997 when the residents of Mawlongbna have disrupted the movement of the residents of Thyllaw by doing the same things.
Through this statement, the Seng would like to question the State Government, especially the Power Department on what steps it has taken to resolve the problems in MeECL and as it is now what is the future of MeECL. .The Seng demands that the State Government should take action on the appointment of MeECL employees and also to release the salaries of MeECL employees. The Seng has not yet released their salaries.
Our country is seen as having a responsible population, a growing economy, and offering solutions to various problems – such as climate change, natural disasters, difference, and terrorism.
He added that recently Indian programs have been successful abroad and the country's films have become popular among foreigners.
Replying to the CAG's statement, the Chief Engineer of PWD said that the reason for the delay is due to the lack of working hours.
Also present on the occasion were MLA of West Shillong, Bah M.Rapsang, Additional Chief Secretary, PW Ingty, Secretary, Health and Family Welfare, MD; NHM, Pravin Bakshi, Joint Director Health Services (MI), Dr AG War and State Tuberculosis Officer, Dr DG Nongkynrih and others.
The pilots of the plane found that the engine on the right had caught fire and the engine on the left had caught fire.
This shows that Assam does not want the central government to interfere and Assam wants to reconcile between the two states. Assam does not want the central government to interfere, but they want to settle only between the two states. Meghalaya at that time agreed and The Meghalaya side has submitted the dulir and has already inspected the dulir.
As history shows, when the Dohlieh took over the rule of our Syiems, we became a nation without our own country. After the British Government left its rule in 1947, we continued to rule. and he remained in the same position to this day.
Recognized institutions such as universities may offer scholarships or seats to prospective students from disadvantaged sections of society.
The Union Minister in charge of Defense and Cooperation said there are 17,176 PACSs registered so far.
KSU Sohra Circle has warned all contractors and private individuals not to bring foreign workers during the lockdown. General Secretary of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
“Khasi States”, Income Tax Act 1961, The Meghalaya Building Bye Laws 2011, Cantonment Act 2006, National Highway Authority Act 1988, The Coal Mines Nationalization Act 1973, the Mines and Mineral Development Regulation Act, Forest Conservation Act bun ki1980, bad Central Acts, Rules and Regulations which affect the customs and traditions of the Hima Mylliem.
Samla Donald said that the KSU is an organization with strong principles and foundations where its members cannot be bought by anyone.
“On the 8th of October, you released the Advertisement and on the 16th of October, the Model Code of Conduct (MCC) came and what have you done since the 17th, 18th, 19th, 20th, 21st and you have now applied for permission from the Election Commission of India (ECI).
He said that in fact the MDCs of the Council should have been present on that day because the KHADC has a big role in the border.
New Delhi, June 18: The Central Government has announced a ceasefire between the Central Government and the NSCN/R. It has been extended for another year and will come into force from the 28th of this month.
Many issues related to the implementation of the RBSY scheme in Meghalaya were discussed on this occasion.
The inability of the government to operate the cement factory in Mawmluh shows the weakness of the government, until the employees of MCCL have to take to the streets with the people to demand a salary cut.
The union urges the government to extend the age limit for recruitment in the police department to 30 years to release those who are over 26 years of age as mentioned in the invitation announcement. thep you to the police department.
On the demand of the 36 villages of Block-I to ensure that they return to Meghalaya, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said, “We have not yet announced anything on the 30-40 villages because we have not yet started the inspection.
He spoke about the last nine years and said that any intellectual would think that these are the years of reconstruction with GareebKalyan.
According to Article 244, the President of India is empowered to exempt from the application of the laws of the Central Government by issuing a proclamation through the President of India.
The Dorbar Ki Khlieh Nongsynshar expects and hopes that the 58 newly elected MDCs will set the goal of implementing the detailed Acts and Rules of the Hima Khasi States and Elaka under their jurisdiction. Their constituency as one of their top priorities.
The Government will strive to increase the expenditure on education, as at present there will be two medical colleges in the state in collaboration with the private sector and the Government wants to show that Meghalaya is a center of knowledge.
On the other hand, NPP leader Denang T Sangma said that Dipul has been elected as CEM of GHADC. The GHADC does not have any opposition.
Jowai, May 12: The National Green Tribunal (NGT) has suspended the current coal mining system in Meghalaya in accordance with its order issued on The AJYWO Central (G) Body on Tuesday said that the current coal mining in the state is illegal as it has affected the environment. The Meghalaya Government should amend the Meghalaya Mines and Mineral Policy 2012 before implementing the NGT. on 5th November 2014 in Khasi, Jaintia and Garo languages ​​so that the public can read, ask and understand clearly whether this policy will be for the benefit of the indigenous people or not. MH Dkhar President of AJYWO said, “AJYWO is against the current Meghalaya Mines and Minerals Policy 2012 because it is not clear.
As an entrepreneur, Conrad Sangma has taken steps to turn the youth into entrepreneurs instead of job seekers.
Students from the Department and students and teachers from ICFAI University and Lady Keane College participated in the workshop.
Chairman of GHADC Rakhesh Sangma has resigned after the EC failed and the NPP has nominated him as the candidate for the CEM election. at GHADC on Monday.
On the other hand, the opposition members who supported the no confidence motion against the incumbent Speaker of the House, the UDP, NPP and HSPDP stood up and received a majority. The MLAs in the House supported the statement by James K Sangma.
Therefore, the SWS-East Jaintia Hills District, requests the cooperation of all the Dorbar Shnongs in the East Jaintia Hills District by please implement these rules within their villages. .
This is a violation of the Solid Waste Management Rules, 2016 and we have seen how the pollution is now,” he said. “Besides, it has also violated the Construction and Demolition Waste Rules,
Riangten said that at the time of their appointment, the MTET examination was not yet held, but the examination came later. He said that they had met with the Chief Minister seven times in three meetings. They have expressed their views on how to help, and in this regard, they have given all the suggestions by taking examples from other states.
Just as there is a right for those who drink tea or bamja in various shops, there is also the right for those who sell drugs in this market.
He said that the existence of a system of governance in Garo Hills through the Nokmans is very good because it is a job in the heat and light. The involvement of the Nokmas in development works is very important because this will help. help the people in many ways.
This was announced by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek while inaugurating the Ayushman Bharat National Health Minister's Conclave held at Vigyan Bhavan in New Delhi today.
He said that no one has come to meet the people yet. He said that his visit is to appeal to the people to be tolerant and patient.
Furthermore, the Minister also encouraged the students by briefly telling them about his life and how he started to shape the future despite many difficulties and challenges. the present moment that you are as you are.
Jowai, Naitung 26: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) on Tuesday held a public meeting on 25/07/13 at Jowai Market to clarify its three demands for the development of Jowai. Civil Hospital, to set up a Blood Bank in Jowai and to implement a District Civil Hospital in Ialong.
Finally, an award ceremony was held for various competitions and the Swachhata pledge was taken by all the participants on 2nd March, 2023 to ensure cleanliness under the Swachha Bharat Abhiyan 3.0, which will start from 3 April to 31 April 2023.
From these four persons, police have seized 41 small bags of Heroin and a total of 46.42 grams of Heroin, four mobile phones.
The Meghalaya Administrative Training Institute, Tura, has conducted a two-day training on the four sciences and how to avoid them.
Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District, Bah C Syrti, said that the arrest of the president of the KSU was from Nongpoh and not from his residence.
After the ceremony at home, the Mawlai Town Durbar decided to honor the first MLA of Mawlai Constituency, Bah SD Khongwir at the Basketball Court of Mawlai Nonglum.
In this regard, the union has also informed the Deputy Commissioner who promised to write to the Home and Political Department of the State Government on this demand of the union.
Shillong, Nailar 11: The President of the Shooting Association of Meghalaya (SAM) on Tuesday said that they will get a shooting training center with the upcoming National Games in the state. to come.
The newly elected office bearers are John Rymbai President, Derric Kylla Vice President, Lasara Chynnam Suting General Secretary, Comfirst Phyllut Asst.GS and 30 other office bearers. claim.
He said that since 2019, the JAC, after receiving RTI, has sent a letter to the KHADC but no action has been taken on this issue. The JAC has asked why the District Council has not responded.
The arrested two persons are in the custody of the police for further investigation to find out the motive behind the crime. The arrest of the two persons is based on the ejahar. The incident occurred at Patharkhmah Police Station.
Some of the schemes included in this T.112 crore are to build a ropeway to connect Pongtung and Pynter.
“The NH 44 is the blood vessel of the people of Jaintia Hills and the North Eastern States of India.
Shillong, July 09: The Meghalaya government has sought permission from the central government to separate the police into two parts, investigation and daily police work.
Shillong, Lber 09: For unavoidable reasons, we are pleased to announce that the fete and lucky draw of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar East Jaintia Hills District has been held at October 11, 2023, had to be postponed before the scheduled date.
Despite the Covid 19 pandemic, MLCU has improved in terms of enrollment for the year 2020-2
Shillong, Lber 18: The Superintendent of Shillong City Police, Bah Vivek Syiem in a statement today said that the theft of vehicles from different parts of the city has increased.
Therefore, the President and General Secretary of the Units and Circles of the Districts are requested to attend this meeting and the leaders of the Units and Circles of the Districts are requested to take this as an information. .
Feed and more water should be given when necessary.
Margareth Pathaw, Aiboklin Rina and Yimri Jagoi won in the 65 kg category.
He said the Congress has not taken part in the peace talks between the government and the HNLC, but he expressed his regret that the HNLC has withdrawn from the talks. He said that in fact the government should have reduced or stopped the bloodshed in the state but now all these have become in vain.
Shillong, Lber 05: A special one-day session of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly has been convened on Tuesday to swear in the new MLAs of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly.
At the same time, he said that the government should do something regarding the garbage dump known as the marten which has caused the problem to the people.
They shall become two powers within one Shnong.
This has increased the number of medical seats in graduate and post graduate courses compared to
The Seiñ Kur Dkhar East Jaintia Hills, through a statement from its President, Teras Dkhar, would like to clarify to the public that Ramesh Dkhar and all his relatives are not from the Kur Dkhar but They misused the Dkhar Kur as their Kur after they came from Silchar, Assam and settled in Tongseng village in East Jaintia Hills.
A recent global survey has also found that India is one of the lowest countries in terms of the happiness of women and young women as well.
He said that the Sports Policy has helped to give full support to all the associations in relation to sports activities.
Shillong, November 19: According to the new rules laid down by the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDA), 34 plans of the Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) have to be canceled before the 31st of this month. moon.
Promotion of specialized production in special districts, development of skills training for those who have returned due to Covid-1
The HYNF has seen through the media that they have asked for permission to leave only a few people but they have reached 41 people and they have brought about the spread of the disease in Shillong.
Shillong, Nailar 24: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today announced that the Meghalaya Autumn Festival 2022 will be held on 7th November 2022 with the opening of Crowborough. Hotel at Police Bazaar.
Consensus and collective participation are part of dispensing justice, he said.
Jowai, Nailar 24: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) Shillong Circle today held a meeting with the President of the JSU, Rikut N.Parien in the presence of Prof.H Lamin and also The President and Vice President of NEHUSU, Prof. SK Srivastava, met with the Vice Chancellor of NEHUSU at the Conference Hall of the Academic Block of the university.
Replying to a question by Ronnie V Lyngdoh on the use of bikes and vehicles by excessive speeds, u Bah Sniawbhlang Dharsymbut, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, said that they have been punished according to the law. In the past three months, 17 bikes and vehicles have been seized.
The production of basic commodities should be ensured, the supply of such basic commodities should also be maintained.
He said that the conduct of employment examinations in the mother tongue helps the youth.
Is this action of the Meghalaya government to sign MoUs and Agreements against the IOA & AA and the Sixth Schedule?
The executive committee understands the problem of the employees of GHADC regarding their salaries, but the EC has already promised them to pay their salaries within the budget. The EC has issued an order today that all those who have not listened should come to work on Tuesday.
Mawdem, Nailur 22: The residents of Mawdem area of ​​Ri Bhoi District, which includes Umdohyrthih, Balakhawa, Rajakhomai, Belahari and Rajapara villages, have been left behind by the government due to the construction of the road. The cleanliness of Mawmawsaw, which was completed before reaching Umdohbyrtih, has been in existence for many years.
This action of the Board is unacceptable on the part of the party and affects the people.
The MLA of Mawhati has not yet been charged with a crime because he is still being tried before the law. ".
Shillong, Lber 19: Former MLA of Rymbai Constituency, Bah Nehlang Lyngdoh, who won twice from the Congress party, has returned to politics. and now known as the Khliehriat Constituency.
Minister Duh also acknowledged the role of those who train the athletes, business managers and those who provide support for the success of these athletes.
On the same day, a public awareness campaign on the dangers of drug abuse was also held at Donbosco College, Byndihati.
He also gathered information about the implementation sites of the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA) in the villages and visited the houses constructed under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana-Gramin.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) on Tuesday issued an order to send an inquiry into the allegations of a conflict of interest in the Cardiology Department at NEIGHRIMS, Shillong. .
Nongpoh, July 18: The Nongpoh Block Congress Committee (NBCC) has elected new members of the Nongpoh Block Congress Committee (NBCC) on Tuesday. This was confirmed by MPCC President Dr. DD Lapang.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today appointed four MLAs from the four MLAs who came to the MDA government. support the government.
The Best Social Change Influencer award was won by Jr.
Shillong, Naitung 28: The body of Dr Donkupar Roy, Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, who passed away today at Medanta Hospital, Gurgaon, will be brought to Shillong tomorrow morning. day.
Shillong, Naitung 15: The District Administration today sent Magistrates to Mawsynram to ensure that there will be no disturbance during the visit of the Khasi Hima Mawsynram (SKHM) to Mawjymbuin. to perform the sacrifice in that place.
At the same time, she will leave for Tura tomorrow morning to ensure peace and stability in Lum Garo Hills. She will be accompanied by her father PA Sangma, former Speaker of the Lok Sabha. in India.
Shillong, Nailar 09 : The All Tamil Nadu Students' Association (ATSA) led by Vishnuram P (President), Rajarajacholan (Joint Secretary), Gideon Bala Singham (Treasurer) and Ragu (Advisor) arrived in Tamil Nadu. He also met with the leaders of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) in Shillong to discuss many issues affecting the people of North East and South India.
He is also a member of the Society of Experimental Test Pilots and was the leader in the flight of the country's Light Combat Aircraft Tejas.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister of Kerala expressed his gratitude to Bah Hek for his contribution to the people of the state.
Speaking at the public meeting, the Minister of Sports said that the purpose of the Mission Footballs is to make Meghalaya one of the states that can produce football players. by using a modern style of play.
Conrad today met with the residents of the area and said that in the past decades the area has not received any development projects but now the government after giving They have started to install development works.
These private institutions are directly dependent on the self-production capacity or trustworthiness of their associates or private lenders.
The Congress Party congratulates the people of 13-Mawryngkeng, 24-Mawphlang and 47-Rajabala MLA Assembly Constituencies who have given their support to the party in the last mid-term elections.
Speaking to media, he said that the Syiems, Sirdars and Rangbah Shnongs should attend the meeting and if they cannot attend they should inform.
According to the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, the Yaba bullet weighed 8.471 kilos and was valued at T.1.8 crore.
Shillong, Lber 04: Today, the residents of Iewduh, especially those who dwell in the market, have arrived from all over the country near Motphran with the thought that the curfew inside the market has been lifted.
The KHADC in a meeting with the Chief Minister, has suggested to clarify that the functioning of the CPC does not include the District Council but now in this announcement prepared by the government it has said that this Act will work. There are no courts in Meghalaya.
The purpose of the program is to support the demands led by the KHASI AUTHORS SOCIETY by publicly expressing our love for our language and to demand from the State and Central Governments to take action to introduce it. The Khasi Language in the Constitution of India.
During the meeting, they pledged their support for the scheme to build a ropeway in Shillong, which will be the largest cable care in the North East.
Regarding the trade of films between the two countries, the Minister of Information and Broadcasting of the Government of India has urged Bangladesh to tighten the rules and regulations. films from this country to be shown in Bangladesh.
Speaking to media, the President of the union, Bah Donbok Dkhar, said that the transfer of police officers is in violation of the Meghalaya Police Act
Another surprising step is the establishment of Community Quarantine Centers by the villages.
These are available online on Spotify, iTunes, Amazon and on the COJC Riatsamthiah YouTube channel.
The EC was appointed by the Lamphang.
He said that the proximity of institutions like NEHU, NIT Shillong and IIM can lead to more complete research in which there will be a great improvement in the field of health care in the North East. east.
According to the RTI, 1044 households and Rs.34,53,600/- are still in need of funds for the households which the government has not been able to allocate yet. The Office of the DC has sent a letter to the Branch Manager of State Bank Mawkyrwat Branch since April this year. The DC has released and sent the Bank to transfer to the bank accounts of these households.
During the blockade, the BGB troops said that the road is still under 150 days.
Police also recovered three vehicles, a Chevrolet Spark-AS-18B-8114, a Volkswagen Polo-ML-10A-8055 and a Bolero-AS-23P-7541 from the residence of the suspect. these people were arrested.
Shillong, March 24: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that there are insurgent groups in the North East of India. trouble.
Noting that India is now full of self-confidence, the Prime Minister pointed out the achievements such as the victory of Navika Sagar Parikrama through seven young women naval officers, and the victory of young athlete of the country from humble beginnings.
He also urged all those who witnessed the program to draw inspiration from the brave deeds of Ka Phan Nonglait by preserving the culture and traditions and to stand against it. to any act of violence against women.
The MIG has urged the people who have any complaints or suggestions to come to the meeting. day that is not appointed.
He was born in 1195 in Lisbon, now known as Portugal, to Martin and Mary Bulhom.
In these years, the 108 ambulance has helped to transport 1.9 lakh patients in the state and out of those who need the 108 ambulance, 28% are injured. they are the ones who hit the car.
The group of teachers has formed the Contractual SET Pass Teachers Association (CSPTA) and has decided to hold a two-day strike starting on the second day.
One of the rooms of the DTO office known as the Strong Room which stores the necessary documents and money collected by the DTO office has been completely destroyed by the fire. They are conducting an investigation into the incident.
The union also requests you to repair by paving the stone areas from Nongpyndeng-Risiang 10km.
Police are conducting further investigation to find out if there are any others involved in the robbery.
The vehicle belonged to Sanju Pradhan.
The government has provided the facilities at a cost of T.2.29 crore for the hostel and equipment.
Let us turn to this bright age, which has lost its value and dignity as a nation.
Shillong, June 11: Police have seized 497 tonnes of Ganja from a truck coming from Tripura at Mawryngkneng today.
The CEC has decided to continue the protests if the ban on coal mining continues.
The Cyber ​​Security Operations Center will further strengthen the cyber security of the Army in order to monitor, protect against external threats and prevent the breach of the Assam Rifles Wide Area Network (ARWAN).
Regarding the arrangement of the Ministry of Agriculture, Bah Lambokstarwell Marngar said that they will not accept it, because it is only a cover-up of the crisis. Agriculture will sit down again to select them in the right way so that they can go to school.
Media sources from the Congress party said that as the party they do not mind this action of Bah Comingone because they already know and understand that he will not contest from the Congress party in the MLA election
Shillong, July 02: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Roshan Warjri, on Tuesday said that it is necessary to consult with the youth to guide them to reach their goals in life. The Minister said this at the closing ceremony of the Wahthapbroo Youth Festival which is held every year on the 31st November
Everyone was also urged to follow the protocols such as wearing masks, social distancing, hand washing and personal hygiene.
This scheme was launched in 2012 and has been continued until now and at the time of bus T.500/- tyngka has been paid to those who receive this scheme as Riew tynmen, single mothers. Furthermore, this decision to increase the fee by T.250 tyngka will be effective from 1/1
From the Esmasa Collection shop, three robbers stole the shatri which were found by the owner who warned them not to steal anymore.
Police have registered a case under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act, 1985 at Umiam Police Station and the investigation is ongoing to track down those involved in the smuggling. Ganja is not allowed.
However, the government has given no reason. The truth is that Mukul Sangma hates Mawlai because only Khasi live there.
Persons are prohibited from burning garbage in public places and if found burning garbage in public places, a fine of T.5000/- tyngka will be imposed.
Answering a supplementary question, the Minister said that the government has no intention of building a Shillong Medical College at Mawbah. small and the exception to the rules.
The North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health and Medical Sciences (NEIGRIHMS) has celebrated the Beat Plastic Pollution Day.
All these importers have to follow the guidelines laid down by the government and the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
When asked where they get the money to support these children, Rev Father CM Jose said that he has received donations from fellow fathers, private individuals and also from his family members.
Judges of the High Court of Meghalaya, Vice Chancellor, Professor Indrajit Dube, Secretary Law Department, CV Diengdoh were present on the occasion. and Member Secretary, New Shillong Township Development Agency, E Kharmalki.
Shillong, Nailar 29: To mark the 75th Anniversary of India, the BSF Shillong will hold a 30-bike march from Shillong to Delhi.
The Union Government has decided to expand the operation of Bharat Net in 16 states in India and one of them is Meghalaya. thanks to the central government for this.
This will help and produce more crops, which will also reduce losses and waste and generate more income in the agriculture sector of this village.
Shillong, November 16: The BJP Shillong City will hold a bike march from Iewrynhep Square to the party office to publicize the development schemes of the central government in Meghalaya.
The representation of the 10 MDCs is more than four percent of the total number of members in the 29-member Assembly.
Noting that the BJP has already won the Lok Sabha elections from Shillong and Tura, AL Hek said, “Other former or sitting MLAs will soon come to join the BJP and we are waiting for them. but for a little while, and they shall come.
Shillong, July 01: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Shillong, has suspended the production of pesticides for three years.
To be accurate, we can say Index and Appendix.
Ruben said that if these illegal residents get accommodation in Mahadev Khola, they will soon recognize that they are indigenous and it will encourage other foreigners to come and own the land. this bag.
According to sources, the Rangbah Shnong was rescued from serious injuries by the VDPs.
Speaking to reporters, Advocate SP Sharma said that he is only the muktiar of Jha and not the one who receives the salary from the university. what has been sent to him and his only duty is to submit this letter to the state authorities.
Police have registered a complaint at Pynursla Police Station under the provisions of the UD case. Police are investigating further into the incident.
It may be recalled that the state government has once introduced this resolution in the state legislature but after it was passed by the legislature it was found that there was a mistake and the government had to convene a special session to take another decision within the House.
“I hope that next year we will be able to hold this festival again and God will bless the children of the Hima,” he said.
Shillong, Nailar 10: The Joint Commissioner of the Food and Civil Supplies Department of the State Government of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that they have received a complaint that there is plastic rice and these complainants have also given the rice and ei in the name of Arham to which was taken from a village in Umsning.
He expressed his gratitude to the Deputy Commissioner of SWKHD, R Lyngdoh for taking action on this issue and informing the government that she has not received any land in the district.
In honor of the VDPs of these three villages, the BSF recently honored these three villages by distributing food items. Kuldeep Saini, IG BSF Meghalaya has honored the VDPs. In this fight against the attempts of Bangladeshis to enter the state, the VDPs have provided assistance to the BSF and as a tribute to the BSF. The BSF has distributed food items to these villages.
Those who violate this order will be punished under the provisions of the Disaster Management Act, 2005 and the IPC. the village of Umjakoit.
However, there is a difference in the end of the swearing.
The BSF seized 89 bottles of heroin from a Bangladeshi from Mainensing District.
“I am very grateful to the Creator for taking care of me in this incident,” she said.
Through the support of investment groups, donors, technology providers and policy makers, their vision of new technology and innovation has contributed to their global spread.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the owners of these two houses said that the fire may have been caused by the Meter Box.
In connection with this incident, the Labna Police Station has arrested one of the Khasi youths on the same day. It is seen that there have been several people who have spread on social media a picture of a dead person who is a foreigner.
He said that water is the life and death of the people and without water we cannot live but without food we can still survive.
At present, 11 sangtion have been received and 25 sangtion will be received this year.
At present, it is essential to improve the health of the people so that the rules can be implemented successfully, relying on new technologies and based on scientific evidence.
They don't play with their customs.
Vehicles operating in Shillong and surrounding areas including 20% ​​per day, taxis, autorickshaws will operate in these areas as mentioned, in all areas of the Municipal, in all areas of cantonment, in all areas. urban areas of Mawlai Block, urban areas within Mawpat Block and urban areas within Mylliem Block.
This was announced in a statement sent by Bah R.Bahunlang Sanglein, General Secretary, UDP Youth Wing.
On November 21, Prakash Hareh ​​lodged a complaint with the police that his bike with Assam registration was stolen from the ground floor of his house in Nongrim Hills Shillong. Sammy N Myrthong has lodged a complaint that his bike has been stolen from his residence in Golf Links, Shillong.
Also present on the occasion were the Sordar of Mawiong Village, Rutherford Lyngdoh, General Secretary of KSU Mawkyrwat Circle, Johnmilton Shangdiar, Sports Secretary.
In other countries that have become brighter and richer, it is the students who create jobs and their country will grow and become richer.
The opening ceremony was attended by Bah Vanshan Buhphang Chairman of SSSS and its members, Bah Seibor Jaktung Secretary Samla Raid Nongblai, Sordar of SSSS. Raid Nongblai, Bah Nokot Khriam, Bah Bantei Nongrum, Village Level Entrepreneur and Publicity Secretary of SS Raid Nongblai, Rangbah Shnongs of the three villages under the Raid Nongblai Shutim, Wahlyngkhat, and Nongblai, and others.
Two deaths have been reported from East Jaintia Hills, one from East Jaintia Hills and one from East Khasi Hills. in which it reached 1055 people.
Shillong, Lber 21: The authorities in charge of East Jaintia Hills District have seized 280 Mt of coal in East Jaintia Hills District under the MMDA Act the District Magistrate.
Initially I decided to contest from the BJP but I saw that the people in this party are not organized in their working methods so this made me to contest as a candidate. Your body is covered with iborina.
These traditional healers, from Umroi area, received a one-day training on how to help and advise those suffering from malaria which is one of the most common diseases in India. it is one of the most terrible.
At that time, the Supreme Court had made it clear that if the roster is implemented, it should go ahead.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Lapangap Unit has expressed its regret over the disrespect and disregard of the letter sent by the DC of West Jaintia Hills District to the DC of West Karbi Anglong District.
This is a violation of the rights of the people of the District to health especially in relation to the COVID 19 pandemic which has spread rapidly in these times.
On this occasion, the MLA sent a letter to the Minister of Rural Development.
In his speech, the Joint Secretary, MHA, said that the talks to amend the Sixth Scheduled have progressed and they will soon submit a proposal to Parliament, and that there has been a thorough discussion with the Government of India. Whether to appoint a Regional Council or not to appoint five nominated Chiefs within the District Council is an ongoing discussion and it will be up to the State Government to decide. firm decision on this topic.
They also asked why in these years without ILP, those development projects have disappeared. When the ILP is talked about, they remember the development projects. The only protection for the people is the ILP and the same slogan was also expressed by all the speakers at this public meeting.
The Congress has called for a protest across India today to demand that the government should stop the withdrawal of old currency notes.
Additional Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills, Bah Sainpyniar S Syiemlieh, said that the earthquake occurred in the early hours of the morning due to heavy rainfall. the cars cannot go and come.
The meeting was conducted by the Sport Secretary of the Ri War Regional Unit, Sebastian Kharjana and was sworn in by the General Secretary of the Ri War Regional Unit, Clearance L Mawnai. The President of the Party, Bah Ak Gashnga, urged the leaders of the party to work hard for the country so that the future generation will be free from them. and to find ways and means how to liberate the country from the foreigners who have plundered the wealth of our beloved land, the land of Hynniewtrep.
Furthermore, the JYF-EJH expresses its regret over the overcrowding of illegal liquor shops in East Jaintia Hills District. The Excise Department has decided to investigate and arrest the illegal vendors because we have relieved the allegations of the people that in East Jaintia Hills the law has changed due to the strong involvement of the rich who have no idea. Samla Niwasly Rymbai President of JYF-EJH said that the future of their children is enough to earn a living. The Seng also congratulates the Excise Department for being quick to take action. work with the union to eradicate the illegal sale of kiad in this area, and the union will continue to conduct this raid in other areas where the union has received Many complaints from the residents of East Jaintia Hills, The illegal drug dealers in East Jaintia Hills are due to the lack of responsibility of the village authorities to check and ensure the welfare of the drug dealers. However, if we look closely at the increase in crime in East Jaintia Hills, the Rangbah Shnongs should not sleep all day because of the root cause of the destruction that happens. “It is because of the drunkenness that encourages them to commit this crime,” said Samla Rymbai.
In 2018, there were about 250 million tobacco users between the ages of 16 and 64 in India.
He said that this arrangement with the KPC cannot reach anywhere.
“We have strengthened security at all important and vulnerable places as well as in Shillong.
The donation is also for schools and school children on the border with Bangladesh. The donation was opened by the oldest mother in Puranangar village.
Passah said that KHNAM strongly condemns this action of the Government and also the KHADC should say something on this issue.
“The BJP's proposal to make India 'One Nation, One Election' needs to be investigated.
The reason is that there are no people and all the people are at the Checkpost.
The post mortem of the bodies of the deceased has not yet been completed. The police have sent more police to the scene with the presence of police from Shella and Ichamati.
The President of HITO asked whether it is the wealth or the nation. Referring to the special post, he said that according to the RTI, they have found that the allocation of the special post is only an Office Memorandum. It has been illegal since 1972 until now.
On the other hand, the visitors of the seed exhibition brought by the HFU expressed their disappointment and wanted to get seeds.
On the other hand, the Mawsynram MLA said that the PHC is no better than the Wellness Centre.
The Chief Minister encouraged the farmers to start this business as it is not good in the state, especially in Garo Hills.
The last donation we received for the repair of this bridge was in the year 2021-2014 through the former MLA of Mawryngkneng Constituency Bah David A Nongrum at a cost of T.50,000 thousand. “These are the assistance,” said the Secretary of Mynriang.
This has greatly improved the quality of health care in the region, especially in Meghalaya, as we move towards achieving the goal of our Prime Minister, Narendra Modiji for Swastha Bharat.
During the meeting, it was discussed how to prevent the spread of TB by public awareness campaigns to raise awareness among the people that TB can be treated and cured.
The Dorbar Shnong Erpakon has decided not to allow foreigners to live or work after the death of Bah Kyrmen Lyngdoh Nonglait. On the 11th June 2024, an employee of RN Sharma Hotel, Raju Rajbhara, was arrested by the Ri Bhoi Police.
They were handed over to the Rongra Police Station.
Out of the 12 districts in the state, 1 case has been reported in East Jaintia Hills, 3 cases in East Khasi Hills, 1 case in Ri Bhoi, 1 case in West Khasi Hills. according to the count that has been given to this day.
From War East, only Stephan Mukhim, incumbent MLA, who is also the sitting MDC of War West, has filed his nomination papers as an independent candidate.
The protest of the three organizations was because the interim VC called a meeting this morning and one of the issues discussed was to bring about a change in the Statue of NEHU para 2 (2a). Dr. Lakhon Kma, president of MeTTA, said that the interim VC will not be able to do this. He said that his intention is to continue as interim VC at NEHU. The action of the interim VC is that he has violated the order of the President of India, because he was appointed as interim VC after the expiry of his term and he cannot bring about a change in the Statue. of high school.
Furthermore, Soso Tham said, “As the Viceroy himself said, other great kings have appeared and disappeared from the face of the earth, but you are still alive”.
Dr. Alice promised to take action on this issue and to take it to the higher authorities to convey the problem faced by the people and the need to act as soon as possible.
At the same time, he informed that the participants will be divided into three groups namely Under 12/15/17/19 Boys/Girls (Singles & Doubles) and Senior Men/Womens (Singles, Doubles & Mixed). Doubles).
The boundary was discussed only on the basis of the NE Organization Act 1971, and the notifications issued under that Act.
However, the Departments of Animal Husbandry and Dairying, the Department of Fisheries, Animal Husbandry and Dairying of the Union Government have prepared treatment methods and distributed them to the States/UTs for the treatment and prevention of Lumpy Skin Disease. .
Furthermore, I would like to express that as an organization that works and tries to curb the illegal entry and exit of foreigners in the area especially in Jaiaw Pyllun, so when we saw clearly yesterday the attention The elders of DS Lumdiengjri to curb by their own authority the infiltration of foreigners into the village.
The poor will benefit, but the society will lose.
Such criticisms do not reflect the Khasi culture and the shortcomings of the jaidbynriew.
Shillong, Lber 08: The Governor of Meghalaya today approved the appointment of the Executive Members of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). everything.
He said that the work is ongoing in mission mode to distribute Ayushman Cards to millions of people of Assam.
Shillong, July 22: The Governor of Meghalaya today issued a statement that the Governor of Meghalaya, Dr.KK Paul, has given his approval to remove the the use of the word “his Excellency” at meetings within the State.
During the meeting, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Teinwell Dkhar, promised to the leaders of the KHADC that he will send an inquiry into the matter and after the investigation, Syiem Riad will be summoned before being released. he cannot judge.
At this meeting, Bah Pala said that he is here not for his own benefit but for the people and to speak for those who have no voice. He wanted power because he didn't want to be president but he supported Charles Pyngrope but he got the job.
The RBYF of the 12th Village Branch has sent its condolences to the owners of the houses. At the same time, the RBYF has requested the Umsning Block to provide assistance to the victims of this incident. they are not sad.
The goal of the program is to make India a developed country by 2047, the 100th anniversary of the country's independence.
It is worth mentioning that UHM has seized two coal trucks coming from Assam to East Jaintia Hills District and this has raised the question whether the coal falls under the category of food items.
In an interview with the Chief Superintendent of Police, he sent a message to all the drivers, especially now that the school season has come and other schools are opening, the drivers, whether they are commercial vehicle drivers or Own vehicles as well as two wheelers must be disciplined and follow the rules of the Traffic Police.
The Hima Khyrim Festival will be held on the 13th and 14th November
According to information received, trucks have been banned from passing through the Bailey Bridge for about six months and a top rong has been placed in the middle of the bridge to prevent vehicles from passing. Stones have been placed on both sides to prevent vehicles from passing through this bridge.
There are 99 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 56 from West Khasi Hills and 16 from West Khasi Hills. The total number of recoveries has risen to 75,8
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: The Mawsynram Block Congress Committee (MBCC) will hold a meeting on the 2nd November 2016 at 11:30 am at Ritmawsir Café, PWD Mawsynram.
Start-ups have increased from 350 before 2014 to more than 90,000 by 2023, including more than 100 unicorns, according to Government data.
The union urges the mecel department to take action to provide electricity because many times through the lack of light of the mecel department has caused a tragic incident and at the same time the union urges the mecel department to take action to provide electricity. check to repair the post and wire line before any accident occurs.
The State Government has agreed to look into these recommendations.
Robertjune Kharjahrin said.
Shillong, June 11: Umsning Police have seized two stones from the residence of Macdalyne S Mawlong at Lad Sharai and a knife.
In the answers to the examination writings, the names of the applicants should not be written, only the number should be written.
The party understands that they should not interfere with the security of Meghalaya and their election.
The one-day festival will showcase the customs and traditions of the two countries and this will continue to bring closer the people of the two countries.
Shillong, June 28: The Hynniewtrep People Front (HPF) of Ri Bhoi District has visited Mawlasnai village to provide assistance to a family who has been left without children. the spirit of helping went to help.
In the movement towards change, the Vikasit Bharat SankalpYatra, which was inaugurated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on 15th from Khunti, Jharkhand, promotes closer ties with citizens across the country.
“I will do whatever the prime minister can give me, I will work hard for the development of the constituency and the state as well,” he said.
The Chief Minister said that this incident occurred after a clash in Ichamati where the KSU held a rally against the CAA on 28/2/2 Police have arrested 24 members of the party and charged 17 of them.
On the other hand, when the Seng visited the site, it was sad to see that there is only a name without full staff, the office building, residential areas and others have turned into hiding places. There are people who use this place as a farm.
There will also be a memorial to the police and how the parom went on in the police of India.
The union demands the implementation of the Inner Line Permit System to curb the illegal entry of foreigners into the Bri Hynniewtrep.
Bah Embhah, urged the village leaders to continue to support him temporarily and to cooperate with him as the Nongmihkhmat in order to achieve the aspirations of the village as a whole.
Shillong, Naitung 28: The opposition to the uranium mining project across the country and when we oppose the uranium mining we must oppose any development projects, Bah Zandy Myrthong said. who intend to improve the mining of uranium.
The Government is now encouraging martial arts, such as Judo, Boxing, Karate, the Government is providing assistance to those groups which have skilled teachers in this field because the sports field does not have teachers. in this direction.
He said that under the social agreement, the DNLA members have agreed to refrain from violence, have surrendered all their weapons and disbanded their armed groups.
Although the UDA did not speak to the media, it is understood that two MDCs from the UDA, Bah Gigur Myrthong and Bah Lambor Malangniang, who are MLAs and MDCs, did not attend. to the meeting today.
Shillong, June 06: The Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union (MEWU) has expressed its anger over the announcement by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare that the government has extended the contract of GVK. to operate 108 in Meghalaya.
The KSU today decided to call a night curfew on the 10th and 11th of this month from 9 pm to 5 pm. morning.
The KSU Nongmluh said that the darkness in the village has been going on since November 2019 and it is shocking that MeECL has not yet removed the damaged transformer from the village. I haven't received a replacement for three months now.
These numbers are printed on the front of the shops along the street.
He said that a criminal case has been registered against him at Khliehriat Police Station.
Shillong: The strike today has affected the city of Shillong where the residents of Shillong have not been able to get vehicles to travel to and from their jobs because the taxis have stopped operating to protest against the strike. the government.
The union said that in fact he should have been arrested and investigated for any crime suspected by the police and the union cannot help but strongly condemn him. The police department of the state for their actions is against human rights because within a moment they took the life of this man.
Explaining the Unit's decision to donate to the students, it is a sign to open the door and encourage the students to complete their studies so that they can become bright stars. the country and the nation in the days to come.
Provision of check posts in collaboration with the State Police. The Central Government, Border Security Force, Assam Rifles, Sashastra Seema Bal, Indo Tibetan Border Police and Coast Guard together with the CRPF Chiefs, Central CAPF Nodal Officer, Additional Secretary MHA and representatives from the Ministry of Defense and Ministry of Railways participated in the meeting.
This is an important day because Assam has received the extension of one train to Barak, one train has been extended to Agartala, one train has arrived to Dullabcherra is a difficult place to reach.
On the other hand, HITO through its President Bah Donbok Donbok has requested that while the policy does not exist or cannot be implemented, the students who have passed well and those who have not passed well should be given assistance. They cannot complete their studies and receive from the Chief Minister's Relief Fund or any other fund that can help.
There were no resources to support the extensive work that needed to be done.
Shillong, July 04: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that there are no more cases of COVID-19 positive in Meghalaya, after two persons from Ri Bhoi District have recovered. sun.
Justerwell Tham of St Anthony's School, Freddy Warbah of Shillong College HSS, Kitboklang Khyriem of Shillong College HSS and Robert Khongjoh of Shillong College.
Speaking to reporters, the CEM said that he has an intention to do so but he will not be able to bring it in the session tomorrow and will bring it in the budget session.
The pilots of the plane tried to extinguish the fire but were unable to do so due to the speed of the fire.
To ensure the smooth running of the elections, the police together with the CrPC have conducted searches of vehicles across the state including in Shillong not only yesterday but also at night. Police operation is 24 hours a day.
Sources said that the ruling MUA II will send the name of Bah Sanbor Shullai to contest the election for the Deputy Speaker of the Legislative Assembly.
The demand of the opposition in Meghalaya is to amend what has been signed and this demand is the same as the opposition in Assam but this has been clarified in the Assembly that the land falls under the jurisdiction of India as a brotherhood has signed a treaty on the seven areas and there is nothing left to ask.
This statement was issued by Ma Deijuhi Siangshai, the new Publicity Secretary of the JSM-CB after Samla Sambormi resigned as a full member of the party.
He said that the government has decided to allow highly technical and highly skilled people to come to the state.
Speaking on the occasion to hand over the 118 Helicopters to the Air Force Training Center in Guwahati, he said that the whole world is looking at India differently now, because India has risen. and there is now a focus on India in terms of international relations and security.
In her speech, Patricia Mukhim stressed that journalists should have a responsibility for the community.
On the other hand, the EM and Titosstarwell Chyne CEM have met the Minister of Urban Affairs twice in the presence of the Advocate General. To be a leader of courage, the government of Dr Mukul Sangma has introduced the Bill, which does not allow anyone to hold office. MLA and MDC, please note that the MDC or Hero who resigned first hours after the Bill was introduced in the House did not end on that day.
John F Kharshiing, Chief Minister of Hynniewtrep, said that regarding the views of many Sordar Shnongs and Rangbah Shnongs on the division of MDC Constituencies, the Dorbar cannot say anything. because it is the authority of the KHADC and it is the responsibility of the political parties.
Gujarat, which was once known as a state that used to supply water through tankers and trains, has now solved the problem of water supply.
He is indeed a journalist who does not hesitate to write the facts.
He also asked the Forest Department of the State Government to provide land for them to plant trees near Shillong if possible.
In his speech, Bah SK Sunn said that the love for one's own language has been evident since 1960 when the Assam government at that time wanted to implement the Assamese language in which the people they opposed and made for the state in the name of language.
“I want to see Meghalaya become a center for the production of football players in the country,” said Dr Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister.
This was announced by the Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) MDC Pynïaid Sing Syiem while speaking at the handover ceremony of the ambulance through the Chief Minister's Relief Fund (CMRF) to Mawryngkneng. PHC on Tuesday.
Therefore, the Seng urges all the Leaders and Office Bearers of various Units and Circles to attend the Jaïaw Shyiap Ingdorbar at 11:30 pm. They invite all the brothers and sisters of the Bri u Hynniewtrep to come and take part in this special day and a day that will remain in the history of the Jaitbynriew as a whole so that the world can see clearly. The unity and desire to achieve the most important goal of the Jaitbynriew because as the Seng we have a firm belief in the slogan: “When the Language Lives, the Nation Lives”.
Shillong, July 13: The FCI, Shillong has invited applications for 19 posts of guards at its office in which the youth of the state have taken part with hope, but the result has not been The FCI has issued a statement saying that out of the 57 names released by the FCI, there is only one Samla Khasi. I'm working in this office.
He said that the North East Gas Grid Project in Ri-bhoi District has been completed and the company has plans to extend the project to East Khasi Hills, West Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills. Hills.
The order was issued on the occasion of the elections to the Parliament of India.
Shillong, Iaiong 09: U Bah Banpyrkhat Langstieh, one of the leaders of the HNLC, who has held the rank of Lieutenant in the HNLC, today surrendered before the Chief Superintendent of Police of East Khasi Hills. Hills.
The cause of the fire is yet to be ascertained and police have launched an investigation into the incident.
These courts take judgment only between the tribes and give decisions according to their customs and traditions.
This decision is a very difficult decision to take to abolish the old 500 and 1000 notes and this decision will prevent the circulation of counterfeit currency and terrorist activities in this country because it is They are the ones who have introduced counterfeit money and this is to eradicate the money illegally stolen by corruption.
The party will not rest on this issue and as the party we have no hesitation in the threats.
They block the road and search the vehicles carrying goods and there are also cases where even the goods are lost.
We are still beamed with questions on this.
Three persons have been arrested on Tuesday for allegedly beating a woman with sticks in a village in West Garo Hills District.
Also present on the occasion were Shakliar Warjri, Minister of Sports, Chief Secretary, DP Wahlang. , DGP Dr. LR Bishnoi, on behalf of the government.
This decision has been communicated to all the States/UTs so that they can implement it under the ongoing national vaccination programme.
With this new salary increase, the government will receive a total of T.3,338 crore for salaries and T.620 crore for other payments, a total of T.4008.58 crore.
Shillong, Nailur 25: Answering a question by Bah Adelbert Nongrum, the Minister of Tourism and Tourism, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, said that the government has done its utmost to promote tourism in the state by Take many measures to attract people to come to this state.
All these things have been around for hundreds of years and have not turned into dust and manure when we break them and bury them in the ground.
Phudmuri Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, Mawlai Phudmuri has celebrated its 125th Anniversary on Thursday.
The burning of rynga in the Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills is no longer a new industry but it is an old one and the burning of rynga is used in households for cooking and lighting fires.
Police have written to the authorities in charge of the battalion and the commanders of 58 GTC have taken him to Madanryting Police station where they have arrested him.
It is a problem for the government and also for the people, even in the midst of this problem the state government should find ways for the farmers how to sell their produce due to the closure of the dam. The market in Iewduh has put the farmers in great trouble.
Dr Jemino Mawthoh said that the purpose of this meeting was to follow up on the scheme until now because the availability of drinking water in these villages is very important.
“Today, 130 crore people of the country are getting the best gift in the form of 5G from the country and from the country’s telecom industry.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, who heads the committee as Chairman, said that during the meeting, they discussed the rules and regulations of the Residential. Bill and they could not complete it and they will hold another meeting on the 7th of this month.
Jowai, July 05: The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) Jaintia Hills Unit (HANM) has arrested Ency Shadap, a member of the Jaintia Hills Unit (HANM) Jaintia Hills Unit. Unit, this information was received through SMS from a person identified as Lukas Rymbai from Pamra village East Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, June 03: The All Khasi Hills Achick Federation (Achick Federation) has been elected as Clavestar Ch.
“AmritKaalka is the time to build new development ventures while maintaining our foundation.
Besides the inscriptions on the bullets, another inscription reading “No ILP no Rest” was also found.
“There are nine zones, but so far we have received counts from only three zones,” said Bah Chyne.
There are 31 cases of Covid-19 in East Khasi Hills, 7 cases from Khliew, 12 cases from Motphran, 8 cases from Anjalee, 1 case from Anjalee. One case was from outside the state, one case was admitted to Ganesh Das Hospital and one case was admitted to Woodland Hospital.
Many cult thoughts at that time.
The District Administration has strengthened its vigilance.
In the first match of the cruiserweight 80-86kg, Vishal of Haryana started to show his strength before Jugnoo of Services scored a strong 5-0 win in the final round. 2.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: Ka Seng Khasi today completed a climb to Lum Sohpetbneng to perform the rituals this year in accordance with the rules and regulations.
Shillong, July 13: There are 167 new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 130 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 1 case in North Garo Hills and 1 case in North Garo Hills. , Ri Bhoi 11, South Garo Hills 1, South West Khasi Hills 1, West Garo Hills 16, West Jantia Hills 2, West Khasi Hills 3 cases.
Shillong, June 15: The people and Rangbah Shnongs of South West Khasi Hills District on the 13th of this month have formed a group known as Mawkyrwat Electricity. Consumers Forum (MECF) in a meeting attended by village leaders, light manufacturers and other organizations.
The incident happened when he was on his way home from Mawphanlur. He was on his way home from Jingkieng Wahblei. He was taken to Riangdo PHC. injured he died.
The Delhi-Ghaziabad-Meerut RRTS is under construction at a cost of Rs 30,000 crore and will connect Delhi and Meerut within 10 hours of travel time through its urban areas. Ghaziabad, Muradnagar and Modinagar.
The AAP has already announced its candidate for the Shillong Parliamentary Seat.
Police have recovered the number plate of two taxis, one with the number plate ML-06-4171 and the other with the number plate ML-05P-0 The car is not known anymore because it has been lost.
The new leaders of the party were confirmed by Bah MH Dkhar.
Shillong, Nailur 23: The Minister in charge of the cleanliness of the Mawlong Market under the jurisdiction of the Mylliem Hima today visited the Mawlong Market. sha them motor.
The Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam Center was established through a social agreement between IIM Shillong, MDoNER and the North Eastern Council signed on 15th March
“All Departments/Agencies of the State Government such as Societies, Corporations which have persons who have been appointed or re-appointed and who are over 70 years of age should be dismissed immediately,” said the statement. This was announced by the Chief Secretary of the State, Bah DP Wahlang.
As the days draw near for the elections to Parliament from Shillong and Tura seats, the Election Department of Meghalaya has launched the polling of votes for the elderly at home in North Garo Hills District. Friday and will continue until the 8th of this month.
In the past, they said that Meghalaya is a state that knows people and knows God, a country of morality, dignity, beauty of nature, what they want is that tourists come to see the beauty of nature, they don't want to see that the visitors shall be deceived, and shall commit wickedness, and shall do all manner of wickedness.
This was brought to the Cabinet today and was approved at the meeting.
Shillong, July 19: Former Chairperson of the MSCPCR, Iamonlang Syiem, has been appointed as the Chairperson of the MSCW.
“The objection is that the Checkpost has caused disruption to the traffic of the people as it is a National Highway which the residents use from time to time,” said the Sordar. Bah Peter Lawai in an interview with the media at Shillong Press Club.
Shillong, Lber 29: The Election Commission of India (ECI) today announced that the MLA elections to the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya from the 23-Sohiong (ST) Assembly Constituency will be held on 10th June
On receiving this information, the police rushed to the scene and sent fire engines to extinguish the fire. fine.
Besides the president and general secretary, Gitalu D Sangma has been elected as vice president, Rakesh D Shira as joint secretary, Manuel Ch Marak as publicity secretary, Helibes Ch. Momin as Organizing Secretary, Ladyson G Marak as Education Secretary and Witnes M Marak as Secretary.
In Jaintia Hills, the parishioners of the Catholic Church of Jowai Diocese have commemorated the All Soul's Day by laying flowers at the graves of their deceased relatives.
As part of her visit to Meghalaya, Dr. Bharati also visited NEIGRIHMS. She also held a meeting with the officers and staff of NEIGRIHMS. The meeting was attended by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr M Ampareen Lyngdoh and health officials.
Regarding the BDO, the Minister promised that he has already ordered the appointment of a full time BDO and this has gone ahead and a full time BDO will be appointed. to the leader of the organization.
Regarding this loan, the REC has set a condition for the state government in two parts, the first part that the REC has set that the state government should give 100% responsibility for this loan.
He said that the purpose of leading them, perhaps those people who have been attacked in other countries, is only to get a political vote bank.
When asked, Bah Paul said, “Yes, they (HSPDP) have expressed their reluctance to continue working within the RDA. “If we don't get even 5 percent of the vote this time, especially if the UDP alone contests, maybe we can exceed that.
sub-section (2).
It is a great treasure for man.
Other opposition MLAs who took part in the discussion were Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Dr Jemino Mawthoh of the UDP, Clifford R Marak of the GNC. who wants presidential rule.
According to information received by the SP News Agency, the reason for this is the conflict between the MLAs from the Congress party who want to appoint their own people.
Many of those who spoke said that this initiative of the PWD will help to improve the road by cleaning it during the rainy season.
Shillong, March 01: The deadline for filing of nomination papers for the mid-term MLA elections is the deadline for filing of nomination papers for the mid-term MLA elections. The Meghalaya State Senior Citizens' Forum (MSSCF) has held a meeting at Mawprem Modern Higher Secondary School to explain the dangers of alcohol abuse to the students. drugs and child abuse.
The Mawphlang Hima has donated this land to the KHADC to establish the name of the Khasi Hima.
Shillong, July 13: The party will not recognize the State Youth Wing to be elected on the 15th of this month.
Our soldiers must work together to move forward.
As the party, we have discussed how to win this election.
Phyrnailang Warjri, who won the first Class Gold Medallist in the M.Sc.
On the other hand, the police have expressed their gratitude to the Mawlai Town Dorbar and Jaiaw Laitdom for their cooperation with the police in the search for these firearms. to be announced on 15/8/2021 on the funeral of Cheris.
After this incident, the Dorbar Shnong Urkaliar Village Authority has held a meeting with the land owners and house owners who used to rent houses or shops in this village.
Speaking to reporters, he said, “As a father of children, I am deeply saddened to see the differences between the Meghalaya College Teachers Association (MCTA) and the Vice Chancellor (VC) of NEHU regarding the The implementation of the NEP has created a lot of problems for the students who have already taken admission in various colleges.
The KSU said that the district authorities have not been able to protect the district because at present they are only banning foreigners but the DC has given permission to foreigners despite the fact that there will be no adequate quarantine facility for them, said the KSU. .When the District authorities cannot control at this time, the union has decided to take measures to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners in the name of development but it puts at risk the villagers who follow the rules. the government's orders.
Jowai, Naitung 29: The AJYWO Central Body has demanded that the JHADC should suspend the issuance of new Trading License to foreigners in Jaintia Hills and also consider thoroughly the rules and regulations before issuing Trading License. License, so that the Trading License does not affect the owners of the land.
Police in Ri Bhoi District have seized heroin worth Rs 10 crore and arrested a number of persons including two women and a man from Manipur and Nagaland.
In order to prevent the spread of COVID-19 in the area, the doctor in charge of the area has seen that there is a need to test for the disease. disease in these two blocks.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: The Public Accounts Committee (PAC) today summoned the two government departments to discuss the findings of the report of the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAC). 31th October 2018 for the fiscal year 2016-2
The country’s efforts for renewable sources of generation play a major role in the achievement of this.
Speaking on the Kannada film industry, Rishabh Shetty spoke about the problem of OTT where these platforms are still skeptical about Kannada films, and this has caused huge losses in the film industry.
The KSU leader said that at present to bring in workers from outside the district and the area is not yet ready because as they know that in Mawsynram Block and in South West Khasi Hills District doctors are not available. there are only 12 people who cannot do anything in the event of a disease.
According to the information received from Kit and Syntiat, it was found that there are also Garo people who have lived in this area for many years and work in this area. which is known as Neharpunji.
Hundreds of supporters of the Congress party have gathered to welcome Bah JA Lyngdoh who has returned to the party. Other speakers on the occasion were Deborah Ch Marak Working President and other party officials.
: Laban Bengalee Boy's Higher Secondary School, Laban today scored a hat-trick in winning the first position in the HSSLC Science Stream examination announced by the Meghalaya Board of School Education. (MBoSE) on Tuesday.
When SP News Agency reached the area, it was found that the drivers of the Shillong-Jowai road have been very bad especially from Mawryngkneng to Jowai and the worst is in Ummulong. .
Prime Minister Duh said the goal of a happy and prosperous life for India and its people is the reason for all development work today.
With the announcement of these candidates, the Congress party has nominated candidates from all 60 constituencies in the Legislative Assembly.
Figure 1: Dry swab and cleaners for tube testing and requirements for tube tests Figure of the absence of dry swab collection for coronavirus testingThe CSIR -CCMB, Hyderabad has been testing samples for coronavirus since June,
“The situation worsened during the summer and people used to spend days on the road to reach their destination.
“On Tuesday, the KHADC and the World Bank will also inspect the Umkhen River, Umpling and Pynthorumkhrah villages, the RRC in Mawlai Mawroh and the Marten landfill.
At present, there are more women than men, 957900 women while 7686384 men.
On the other hand, the MLA said that Umden, Diwon is a place recognized by the state government for the production of Rymdia clothes and said that this heritage from the ancestors should be preserved and teach the young men that they shall not be ashamed.
Other government officials also delivered speeches.
The attitude, the structure of the government and more importantly the structure of the society.
HANM said that the KHADC through the Land and Revenue Department should take action and send a letter to the Meghalaya government to immediately resolve the long-standing border dispute.
It was a very interesting match and it was very exciting for the fans who witnessed the match which ended in a 2-2 draw until the last moment when the referee ended the match. games.
There are 364 children infected with Niangkhulia and 8000 adults in the state. The state government has been directed to increase the number of female police officers in the state. to provide protection for children.
The gold seized from these two persons was nine gold biscuits weighing 826.31 grams.
If the public invests in such companies, it is up to them to know whether they are recognized by the government or trained by the government.
Shillong, March 05: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of War Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JAC) on Tuesday said that the Dhar Company has alleged that the Dhar Company has implemented torti. The NH-206 from Nongtalang to Dawki has been constructed at a cost of T.43.69 crore.
The Prime Minister of India said he is pleased that his first visit in his third term is to Italy for the G-7 Summit.
Answering questions, the AICC leader said he had no knowledge of any differences within the Congress party, but his visit was to prepare for the upcoming elections. in 2018 and he hopes that the Congress party will still be able to form a government.
The new office bearers of FKJGP Mawrashe Unit are Pynshai Kurkalang President, Westing Kurkalang Vice President, Baseilang Umdor General Secretary and 10 other office bearers of the party as Executive Members.
Tour, November 29; The A Chick Youth Welfare Organization (AYWO) today sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma regarding the increase in the fare of buses and medics from Shillong to Tura and from Tura to Tura. Shillong.
The department has worked hard in this regard in 2019 in terms of integration, increased implementation and improvement.
The increase in MSP for Kharif crops for the 2024-25 marketing period has not been prepared separately for Grade A, Maldandi and Cotton. and the announcement in the Budget 2018-19 of the Central Government to set an MSP of at least 1.5 per cent of the total production in India.
Finally, he said that those Muster Roll members who do not have the spirit to support or even join hands with the Union, the Union will not have any responsibility for them.
Shillong, Nailur 27: Four IAS officers who are still undergoing training from the Assam-Meghalaya Cadre 2016 who have just joined as IAS Officers under the Assam-Meghalaya Cadre have received to meet with Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman of the Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya and the Dorbar of Chiefs of Hynniewtrep, to give a speech and explanation on the traditional rules of Kur, Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raid, and Dorbar. Province.
The Hynniewtrep people have been connected with India through the armed forces.
The meeting also approved the Information Technology Department to appoint two Managers and Assistant Managers GSI within the department. The Cabinet also approved the service rule of the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board.
As usual every year, the Raid Mylliem on Tuesday held an Iewduh ceremony at the top of the market with a prayer. Iewduh, one of the largest markets in the state, is also known as the plate of Ri Khasi.
If the sub-classification of ST/SCs is illegal according to the opinion of the Hon'ble Supreme Court, then we have to recommend that 93% of the jobs should be allocated to STs in the state. % for SC and 5% for ST should be left in the unreserved category,” said the HYC.
India is a young country and it is in the hands of the youth to bring about change in the country.
Shillong, Naitung 31: The State Co-Ordination of Coal Miners and Forum (SCCCOMDF) today held a meeting in Shillong, where leaders from across the state attended the meeting. The meeting was attended by people from Garo Hills, Jaintia Hills, South West and West Khasi Hills.
Shillong, November 16: Shillong Police have arrested Rakesh Roy, 13, of Shillong.
The two UALA cadres, Rex Miller and Grikseng, were arrested by the same party and police detained them for five days. They were sent to Tura Hospital for treatment. 20th of this month.
She promised that Shillong College will continue to upgrade the library with new technologies, so that it will become a place of learning for all.
He urged all the Nongbylla Sngi to come forward and take advantage of this opportunity from the government.
The villages declared as containment areas are Mawbah, Jhalupara, Upper Mawprem, Ningrim Hills, Golflink Khliehshnong, Nongrah, Mawlai Umshing, Mawlai Umjaiur, Laitumkhrah Nazareth, Lachumier and Lympyngad.
The Governor said that Meghalaya has many opportunities to implement for the development of farmers such as sohsaw cultivation, planting to do this requires hard work and focus on the claim.
“Now I have ordered that the Residential Certificate of foreign drivers should be taken to prove where they come from and where they live,” he added.
During the visit, the Commission met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Arunkumar Kembhavi to discuss the schemes implemented in the district which belong to the Central Government.
Speaking to reporters, the Minister said that the government will not forgive anyone if there is a delay in payment of salaries and the government will ask for a monthly report and the implementation of this. the scheme shall be clean and transparent.
Hundreds of Congress supporters came to take part in the rally.
Shillong, July 25: Due to the covid-19 pandemic, the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has postponed its session for one day.
If there is a forecast or warning that rain, cold, wind, lightning and thunderstorms may occur, stop before going or doing work outside your home.
According to a statement sent by the BSF, the theft of two wheelers from the border areas with Bangladesh has been widespread. Hills District has been affected by the smuggling of bikes to Bangladesh.
The festival started on the 30th of November and will end on the 30th of April.
The office bearers of this unit were sworn in by Samla Readyone Nongrum.
It was reported to the House that if this road is not for the purpose of mining uranium, many people want to start the work, because until now no light has been received. for what.
The President of the UDP, Titosstarwell Chyne, General Secretary, was also present at the ceremony. Dr. Jemino Mawthoh and supporters of the party to celebrate this day.
“The ANVC-B has signed a social peace agreement to bring peace to the people.
When reading these Acts and Rules, if the Acts and Rules are issued under paragraph 11 of the Sixth Schedule, we see clearly that the Acts and Rules cannot protect the Hima/Elaka. The Autonomous District Council (ADC) has been authorized to ensure the expeditious implementation of the Acts and Rules of all 54 Himas/Elakas in Khasi Hills and 18 Dolloi Elaka and one Sirdarship in Jaintia Hills and in the jurisdictions of more than 1400 Nokma in the country. Lum Garo Hills.
Meanwhile, those whose names have not yet appeared in the first list of the NRC are less than 2 crore.
This is the first time that the gross GST collection has exceeded Rs 1.5 lakh crore.
He said that Bah Chandalok Dkhar is the Chairman of the Arts Committee of the Seiñ Raij Jowai. District Councils because they cannot maintain the customs and traditions.
The Union of Rangbah Shnongs and these four civil society organizations said that the call for a night curfew is groundless and at the same time on the 31st of this month is the day when the District will hold a curfew. Celebrating the 10th Anniversary of East Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The MSSASA has suspended its protest against the National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS) and its inability to correct the results released in 2015 of the 2013 training team.
They also reported on their preparation for the current rainy season and future business plans.
Mairang Presbyterian Science College, Mairang has set a record for the first time to enter the Top-10 in the HSSLC results. u year.
Speaking to reporters, the CEM of KHADC said that many of the CCTV cameras in Them Iew Mawlong, Motphran and Bimola are no longer working. He shall discuss these with the government authorities and in places where there is no police, there should be no police.
He said the Meghalaya Games is one of the biggest sports tournaments in the state and at the same time he congratulated the athletes who will take part in this tournament.
Shillong, July 01: The State Government has issued an order to extend the term of office of Bah WMS Parait for another seven months as the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya.
Therefore, as a small Khasi community, we face many challenges because we have to deal with many laws issued by the Government of India in the field of legislative, executive and judicial administration. Judicial).
The AJYWO will send a letter to the Prime Minister and the Minister of MHA of the Government of India to express its strong opposition to the Citizenship Amendment Bill of India and also to demand its immediate repeal.
He said that the Chief Minister will not be able to win the MLA election in 2023 from South Tura because the people have lost confidence in the Chief Minister. The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 6 cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Ri Bhoi District. pain.
Shillong: The Lum Jingthang Committee of the Seng Khasi Kmie, has decided to postpone the public cleansing of the Lum Jingthang Briew in Jaïaw, which was scheduled to be held on the 25th June to you.
The union cannot accept this action of MeECL. The union is very sorry to see that the students have to use candles or emergency lights or sharak, which affect their eyes besides the high operating costs.
He said that tourism is a huge market in India and has started to turn into an opportunity to create jobs in the country.
Earlier, the Hima Nongstoin had donated 10,000 kyats, the Hima Mylliem had donated 10,000 kyats and the Hima Nongkhlaw had donated 50,000 kyats as part of the fight against covid1
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The employees of Mawmluch Cherra Cement Ltd (MCCL) today sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma demanding that the The government should pay them their salaries until they are able to operate the dewbilat factory again.
On this occasion, the Chief Secretary Bah R.Hynniewta confirmed the office bearers.
He said that the SMB has land where these vendors can be accommodated.
Daiaphira Kharsati, Research Scholar at the university in an interview with the media said, “This action of Nantu Das, we research scholars who work in the labs until 10-11 pm, has caused We demand that he should be removed from his post as Sports Director of the Sports Department and also as the incharge Security at Nehu.
“As the JAC, we strongly condemn whether it is the private sector, the politicians or any groups who interfere in the work of the Raid Sawsymper.
The threat to indigenous peoples and minorities if this Act is fully implemented cannot be overestimated.
“We have to think carefully about this if we want to win.
The state government through the health department has promised through the media that it will investigate whether the students are really Meghalayans.
In Garo Hills, the Garo Students' Union was established.
At the same time, the SP City has urged not to spread the videos of such incidents. to catch the criminals should not be allowed to take the law into their hands they should immediately report any incident to the police.
At the same time, the Prime Minister urged the people to pay for the tax by using the latest technology to improve without using money.
On the other hand, Bah Thongi said that he and other colleagues from the Congress party have left the party because they do not support the candidate of the Congress party. He left the party to support Bah James Sylliang.
Tura, July 19 : The handball tournament was held at the Don Bosco Junior College Indoor Arena.
Other MDCs who attended the ceremony were LG Nongsiej, Hedrian Lyngdoh, Latilang Kharkongor, Banteidor Lyngdoh and others.
In the meeting, the Union Minister said that all the colleges which are run by the private sector or which are not funded by the state government, or which the government provides any financial assistance to those colleges, those students those who intend to study in the same colleges do not have to write the CUET exam.
And the Jaintia Kingdom, after the abolition of the Syiem's ​​rule, was recognized by the French as the Jynteah Hills (Non-State).
In a statement, Publicity Secretary Hamewanpynhun Ryngkhlem said, “This decision was taken after the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) did not believe or listen to the demand of the union. The first protest in front of the Toll Gate in Lumshnong on the 8th of July,
On the first day of the 10-month celebration, the Prime Minister attended the event at Vigyan Bhawan, New Delhi.
At the meeting, it was also said that the BSF has told the BGB not to allow their personnel to quarry stone in the Umngot River from parts of India.
Shillong, November 24: All 12 MLAs from the Congress party were present when they spoke to the media to confirm that they have left the Congress party and joined the TMC. Shillong, November 24: Ka HYC Sengkmie First of all, I congratulate the two governments (Government of Meghalaya and Government of Assam) for taking action to resolve the border issue.
It is surprising that the CEO is still speaking and accusing the people in fact he should have spoken before the election but he is still speaking now after the election the party will not accept the speech of HITO also demands that the District authorities should clarify to the public on this issue so that we can be clear and not discriminate against anyone. along with the rules but in political parties they can do whatever they want.
He said that the salary of teachers was last increased in 2016 and this has remained until now. government, however, did not provide any response.
During the meeting, there was a discussion on the peace and stability in the state and especially in the North East as a whole. This meeting was a meeting in honor of the Governor.
On the other hand, Bah Pyniaid said that the EC has found that the handover of the raid to the Hima Jirang is for the safety and security of the people living in the area. and at the same time there were no sufficient documents to show that Nongwah Mawtamur belonged to the Hima Sohiong.
Many people speak one thing while they do another.
Shillong, Nailar -02: A 15-year-old boy has escaped from the hands of robbers at a rural village in Titkrikilla, West Garo Hills. u wei.
We are ready to clarify and discuss with the SNSBH, and the Rangbah Shnongs who wish to get clarification on the MHA letter on any date that we will arrange together.
Shillong, July 27: U State President Saleng A Sangma today announced two more candidates for the MLA election to be held on 27th June. Shillong South Assembly (Gen) Constituency and Bah Starfing JL Pdahkasiej from 25-Mawsynram ST Constituency.
The Rajiv Gandhi Grameen Vidyutikaran (RGGV) REC has already submitted the application to the Meghalaya government, but the application is for the central government to bear 90% of the total cost. and the state government has to contribute 10%.
Speaking on the JAC's opposition to Syiem Niandro, Bah Mawleiñ said, “The reason why the JAC has lodged a complaint against the Syiem is on the issuance of a public notice on November 31, 2020 to collect taxes on the land under the Raid Sawsymper.
Poshan 2.0 will include three main programmes, the provision of Anganwadi Services, the scheme for young women and the PoshanAbhiyaan.
This was announced by Apbor Nongrum President HPF Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, Lber 03: A GNLA cadre today surrendered in front of Baghmara police station, but he did not bring any weapons.
According to police sources, the missing woman was from Riwiang village since the 16th of this month.
The Mixed Teams competition will be held on the 28th February 2021 which is also the last day and will end with a prize distribution ceremony at 4 pm at 10 Meter Indoor. Precision Shooting Range, Demthring, Shillong.
Adelbert said that the reason why the mining police cannot be appointed is because many of them have coal mines, for that reason they don't want to make laws for themselves. from 2014 until now it has not ended even after the death of the crew.
“According to the ICMR report, Meghalaya has the highest number of cases of tuberculosis in the country with 227.9 males per 1 lakh population and 118.6 females per 1 lakh population. lakh residents,” said Dr Anisha and added that Meghalaya has come first among the cases of rheumatoid arthritis.
Shillong, March 27: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today held a memorial service for one of the former MDCs of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). In his speech, CEM of KHADC Titosstarwell Chyne said that Bah Shylla, who is also a former CEM of KHADC, has been arrested. leader not only in KHADC but as a leader of the nation and when he speaks he moves the people.
Shillong, March 01: At about 10 pm this morning, about seven persons have gone to four furlong and have been accused of trying to burn down the suma in the area. .
Also present were Union Minister of Law & Justice Kiran Rijiju, Naresh Kumar, Chief Secretary, Government of Arunachal Pradesh, Nakopnalo, Minister (Civil Aviation), Goruk Pordung, Minister of Justice. Health of the Government of Arunachal Pradesh, Tapir Gao, Member of Parliament, Arunachal East.
About 21,000 specialists, doctors and community health officers have been trained and joined the eSanjeevaniAB-HWC programme. More than 350 OPDs have been implemented under eSanjeevaniOPD, of which more than 300 are specialty OPDs. you are right.
The Department of District Council Affairs will send the letter to the Governor on Monday.
She also requested her friends not to bring food or eat food inside the parking lot near the Addl.Secretariat, Shillong.
The KSU Nongtyngur Unit has decided to improve the jri bridge near Nongtyngur village after the KSU Nongtyngur Unit has received permission from the owners of the tree. but he was called Riti Tangsong.
When they spoke to the Deputy Commissioner CP Gotmare, he said that this is an order from the Transport Department and the installation will be temporary.
Shillong, July 05: The Hynniewtrep Youth's Council (HYC) today sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya and the Minister in charge of Education demanding more education. The Common University Entrance Test Center in the State of Meghalaya.
I'm standing there, and those who don't see are lost.
Shillong, Naitung 23: The BSF has increased its troop deployment on the border with Bangladesh to curb the smuggling of cattle from India. Bangladesh.
The Congress leader said that at present nothing can be said because the talks have not yet been held and after the talks it will be possible to say what kind of border talks are.
The lease of the Crowbrough Hotel by MTDC to Bah Lesly Shylla is for 33 years and during these years Bah Shylla has to pay T.99.89 crore to the MTDC. He has paid to the MTDC about Rs 50 crore, but the work remains the same.
It is also a shame at the same time that the MP from Jaintia Hills has not said anything about this incident. If he had come abroad to greet the Pope, what would he have done? The problem is that the same hand should be given to help those small farmers who are being attacked from time to time by the SHNLC, Begin Paslein, Heimon Manner, Jamris Rymbai. .
Speaking to reporters, u Bah Adelbert said that the four demands which he has submitted to the Chief Minister are not new. He was elected as an MLA from the 17th North Shillong Assembly Constituency.
The announcement by the Governor regarding the appointment of the Preterm Chairman has been sent to the KHADC this evening. Shillong, Naitung 12: The Governor of Meghalaya, in a statement issued today, said that due to the resignation of the Chairman of the KHADC, the election scheduled for The election for the post of CEM of KHADC will be held tomorrow morning at 11.00 am at the District Council Hall.
At the end of the Government Boys Higher Secondary School, it was found that there were three of these Bio Toilets which had not been used and these were provided by Nirmalaya under the leadership of Nirmalaya.
The distribution of medicines was concluded by the distribution of Stand Hand Free Sanitizer to the Rangbah Shnong Bah Rapborlang Thangkhiew.
He added that the Directorate of Housing has ordered the purchase of 0.45MM thick roofing tins, so that they can be durable to roof the houses.
For decades, prominent scholars like Prof GB Swell, Mr Hoover Hynniewta, Hoping Stone Lyngdoh, Dr BR Kharlukhi, P Ripple Kyndiah and others have worked hard in this field, but until now the answer has not come from the Shnat. The Korbar-Ri of the Central Government remains the same and needs to be further reviewed along with other languages ​​from across India.
Through this coordination, it was possible to clean up Lum Jingthang for the sake of beauty and to keep this place clean.
The Committee of Saiden Village invites all the people of the district and also from other parts of the state to take this opportunity to attend this festival.
Referring to the ethnic parties, he said that corruption cannot be eliminated, but what can be done is that in the ethnic parties it can be reduced.
Therefore, we see that the Government has misused IPC 171 only to persecute those who speak for the sake of Hynniewtrep and it is an act of violence by the Government,” said a statement sent by KHNAM through Vice President Bah Thomas Passah.
In another incident, Tadingra T. Sangma, SDO, PHE, RWS Sub-Division, has lodged a complaint at Baghmara PS that unidentified persons have stolen 28 water pipes. to T.60,540/-Regarding the recovery of four bodies of people who lost their lives from the coal mine near Borsora, it was said that the names of They are identified as Wanphai Nongkynrih, 54, Happy You Kharjahrin, 20, Biangborlin Sangriang,
During the protest, all the speakers expressed their demand that the government should suspend or temporarily dismiss the three policemen suspected of involvement in the murder of Bah Cheris. days or two months ago.
HYC CEC Education Secretary Bah Wellessly Lyngkhoi Education Secretary HYC CEC said in a statement sent today.
To streamline the working methods, the government has set many tasks for the smooth running of the offices by building offices in new blocks at a cost of T.15 crore and to strengthen them. The government has allocated T.80 crore for the police department.
It is clear that the Inner Line Permit (ILP) is not applicable to all the States in the North East.
Regarding the decision of the SWA to release these 11 applications, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said in a tweet that the number of employees has increased to the state.
The problem is to pay all the bills of the people. The government cannot pay them once but it is struggling to pay them because they come from time to time and the government also pays from time to time to clean up. the bills once paid will not be paid.
Shillong, July 17: The Controller of Examinations of the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE) today promised that in Matric examination in Umsohlait.
However, that did not happen, even though the Dorbar Hima Nongkhlaw and Bah Kitdor agreed to support the project.
In this regard, the committee has left for Nongpoh to investigate the reason for the delay in this regard and found that on 15th/6/2020 some people have gone to destroy the enemy. A complaint has been lodged against the child's house but police have not yet arrested anyone involved in the incident.
Speaking to the employees, they said that if the government has to appoint a company, they have to go through a new appointment process. The government should look after them because they have been working for more than a year.
He said that as it is now, the wish of the people is that the NPP should come to power at this time.
BJYM Meghalaya President Samla Egenstar Kurkalang said.
On the same day, prizes were also distributed to all the winners in various competitions by the Chief Guest, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh (Bah Pai) who is also the MDC of Mawkynrew Constituency.
If any family members wish to know more, please contact these offices with their names and phone numbers.
In addition, the Central Government has also released up to T.28,000 crore (T.14,000 crore to the States and T.14,000 crore to the Central Government) through the adhoc settlement of IGST on 30th October,
Shillong, July 28: A fire broke out in Rymbai village today, destroying all the belongings and in this incident one man was injured in the fire.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: U Badonkupar Synnah has won the light welterweight 60-63.5kg category on the second day of the 7th Elite Men's National Championships. The boxing championship was held at SAI Indoor Hall, Shillong.
Other speakers included Bah Streamly Suchen and others. The meeting was conducted by Bah Ampli Rupsi, Secretary Bataw Village.
The duty of the priests is “To witness the love of God in the service of preaching in the work of building up the faith” are the words of Jesus.
The trainings will focus on the behavior of the youth, punctuality in travel, cooperation as citizens of the country to bring unity in the country, in the community. region and within the state and in lifestyle.
This happened after MeECL released the water without informing the public about the release of water.
In addition, 21 Hindi libraries were opened in Mizoram, Manipur, Tripura and Assam.
During the meeting with the DG, they discussed the security situation in the North East, the situation in Manipur and the challenges faced by the group.
Shillong, November 28: In Meghalaya, there have been many incidents.
Explaining this, the CEM said that this scheme is not a SWRP scheme, but a Special Central Assistance scheme and the Executive Committee has tried to fight as much as possible to provide assistance. Regarding the speech of Umsning MDC Bah Donkupar Sumer regarding the Umsning Market, he said that the scheme has been in place but the problem is that there is a shortage of market in Umsning. which is related to the place.
Shillong, March 01: Leaders of the Meghalaya College Teachers Association (MCTA) on Tuesday met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma. letter to the Prime Minister regarding the teaching positions in colleges.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the money received is not enough and the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has requested more money and is now waiting for the approval of the government.
The JSU said that the government has already announced that there will be no lockdown except for the lockdown of those infected with Covid-1 However, the announcement of the previous government through the Symbud Myntri Rangbah has been reversed.
Therefore, I request you to take immediate action, let the activities taken by the ARSS Company be stopped immediately and the movement of trucks, especially the movement of dumper trucks during the day should be banned in urban areas, " said Marak.
“Let us come together to bear the burden of these patients, let us share the joys and sorrows of the people who suffer from chronic diseases.
Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh said that it is a great honor for the family of Bah Korel Khongsngi, Bam Kwai ha Dwar uBlei because of the footprints that this great man has left behind in the future. Laitkyrhong Sports Club has done the right thing on this occasion as a sign of respect for this great man who has become an example of “To Live the Name, Stay the Name”.
Because the Khasi language from Sohra was used by Thomas Jones and his Khasi teachers Junkha, Doowan Rai and Laithat in writing and publishing books, perhaps there was a feeling of In 1852, the title 'The First Book to Read the Khasi Language' was edited according to the writing of William Pryse.
This incident has shocked the whole of India and the world that such unjust incidents have happened in India where the law enforcement agencies have not yet been able to punish them accordingly. the works they did.
The Shillong Urban Mobility Policy has been approved.
The three martyrs were Bah Eldrin Lyngdoh Nonglait, resident of Kynshi Bangla, Police Constable of 3rd MLP Battalion. Riphinstone Lyngdoh Kynshi of Langtor village, Police Constable of the 3rd MLP Battalion, who was shot dead by the Achik National Liberation Army (GNLA) in ANVC in 2002 and Bah Donbor Nonglait from Nonglait village who was shot dead by suspected HNLC in
Due to heavy rain and difficult visibility, Myntri Rangbah Duh waited for about 20 minutes for the sky to clear up.
The injured were KR Marak, W Lamre, MI Lyngdoh, Aprilson Marak, Leblin Sangma of SF-10, P Kharkongor, T Marwein, D Lyngdoh, A Lyngdoh and Bobphy R Sangma.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the residents of the area said that the vehicles from Mawsynram to Hat Mawdon have been burnt down and the bridge has been damaged.
There will be no more talk about the deterioration of the NH 44 tomorrow when the rainy season comes.
“At present, there are only 77 people living in Shillong and many of them have gone to stay with their relatives, friends and some of them are still studying. they still want to continue their studies here in Shillong,” he said.
Out of these 49 cases, 32 cases are in East Khasi Hills, 2 cases are from the Army and 30 cases are from civilians from all over Shillong.
Tura, Nailur 11: Members of the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills on Tuesday marched to the office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills, where they assaulted even the women workers. in this office.
Without asking for the victim, the police tied the soldier, this is the explanation of the soldiers.
“By announcing the name of the party, the Khasi youth around the country and in other states will know what will happen to them by announcing the name of the party.
Shillong, Nailur 20: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) has been in power for two and a half years and the struggle to replace ministers from the parties in the government has intensified in these days.
“The Prime Minister should cancel the project until the laws are introduced to prevent the entry of foreigners into the state,” said Pyndapborthiaw Saibon President of KHNAM. Shillong, July 05: Employees of the Meghalaya Staff Welfare Committee (MSWC) today staged a protest outside their office in Shillong to demand the government. The office should be located in Shillong and not in Guwahati.
Dikki D Shira, MCS OSD West Garo Hills, who is in charge of the Corona Care Center in Garo Hills, said that the mock drill was conducted to teach the cleaners to the doctors how to If the COVID-19 outbreak occurs in the state.
The BJP said in a statement today.
The Presbyterian Church in Nongsawlia, built in 1846 by Thomas Jones, is one of the oldest churches in the North East.
We have a close relationship with Meghalaya and we also respect the people of Meghalaya and the people of other states in the North East,” said Hazarika.
On this day, the participants of the protest filled the area with snow and planted rice on the road to show how much the road has paid for the NH-6
In relation to the research funding, the Chief Minister further said, “This fund will increase annually so that the various District Councils can start their research  in various formats in written, video and many other means to document the unique cultural aspects of the different tribes in the state of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Lber 31: Police of Ri Bhoi District have seized T.2,00,000/- from one vehicle on Umroi Road in Damsait.
“It is also important to note that the State Government has also provided a Fixed Incentive of T.2000 per month to all ASHAs through the State Scheme, in recognition of the challenges faced by the ASHAs.
The Ministry of Agriculture and Farmer Welfare stands firmly for the welfare and empowerment of farmers and the promotion of sustainable farming practices in India.
When their attempts to speak out ended, they had no choice but to take to the streets to ask for support from the people.
Furthermore it should not end here but you have to be careful and the village should already have a land and if you have already got a land then it is easy and the number of residents has exceeded 20,000 and we will work together to achieve this especially for the health sector.
While Assam has registered them in 1985 and 86, and in 2013, it is still trying to force the people of this area to get EPIC from Assam. they stood up against him.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Khasi Author Society (KAS) today re-elected Prof. DRL Nonglait as the president of the Khasi Author Society (KAS) at its meeting held at Synod College.
Shillong, Nailur 01: Kennystar Sungoh, 23, of Shillong, today was arrested by a special operation of the police for the fight against drug traffickers.
In fact, as the construction of the Wapung C&RD Block Office has not been completed on the land donated by Wapungskur and Wapungshnong Villages to the State Government, the office has been temporarily moved. temporary office in a house in Wapungskur village in October,
Paul said that his visit to the area was after he had held a meeting for more than a month and he wanted to ensure that parts of the city would be exclusively for pedestrians. “The whole city is filled with vehicles and there are no places for the people to walk”.
He said that this will be a regular program in Meghalaya and the next time it will be held from 26th to 28th November,
It is clear that this film will be a beautiful film and the shooting, acting, editing and others are according to the present era and can also be compared with Hindi films and can also be proved through the 9-Lad song which has been uploaded on Youtube and also the trailer.
The NHRC claims that the loss of this apology letter is due to the immorality of the people in office or the misuse of their powers. “It's not like we're going to be able to find out why the letter was lost,” said Mr Suhas Chakma, director of the Asian Center for Human Rights.
He acknowledged the need for medical services in the area and encouraged the health workers to start immediately when they are needed.
On the other hand, the DC urged the public to ask the office if they do not understand.
In his speech, the Tura MP said it would be good if they take the suggestions made today.
Prasad said all companies involved in data collection need to understand their responsibilities.
In a letter sent to the DC, it was stated that many of those who have two EPICs are from Phulbari. The FKJGP said that Khabirul Islam Mondal has EPICs of Phulbari. His EPIC number in Meghalaya is FTB0646141 and his EPIC number in Assam is GCL1
Due to the difficulties during the Covid-19 pandemic, the B20 Conference of the G20 Presidency of India in Aizawl has been crucial to revive the tourism industry.
The Union of Village Youth Associations of Upper Shillong is pleased with the KHADC's decision to issue trading licenses and to register the land dealers who fall under the jurisdiction of the Council.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong RM Kurbah congratulated the 'Doctors For You' group for taking this initiative to support the patients in the district and said that this project will achieve the goal of thong to spread the disease.
However, the group urges all the indigenous people not to lose heart, not to listen and not to succumb to the forceful decisions of the authorities.
The meeting was attended by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, the Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of Light, Abu Taher Mondal and the Minister of Health and Family Welfare. um and Marcious N Marak.
More troops have been sent to assist the state police in the fight against the insurgents in Garo Hills.
The article praised India's efforts to promote the "story of India," which will strengthen the country's confidence.
Shillong, Nailur 02: The Meghalaya Indigenous Peoples' Front (MIPF) has elected Bah Wanshaibor Malieh as its President in Ri Bhoi District.
The question is why the police cannot arrest the people involved in the murder.
Shillong, Naitung 05: Meghalaya Police today arrested Bah Deibor Miter Kyndiah, an enforcement checker at the office of the District Transport Officer Shillong under the Corruption Act.
He urged the people to take care of this place.
Shillong, June 30: BSF troops have rescued 28 cows from South West Khasi Hills District while smugglers were trying to smuggle them to Bangladesh.
At the same time, the NCCi also expressed its concern over the lives of the Adivasi minority who have been tortured by the law enforcement agencies by killing and imprisoning them in Chhattisgarh.
, KSU CEC, Samla Readyon Nongrum Education Secy.
Police said they are investigating to find out the truth about the murder of these two women in Nongsotin.
With the issuance of the NGT order, the EJMCM&OA has also raised the question whether the lakhs of people affected by the NGT order are not precious creatures or merely commodities. eyes lifeless? If thousands of precious souls die because of the NGT order, what good will that clean environment be if there are no precious souls to live in it? Will the government be so righteous as to sacrifice the lives of thousands of precious souls for the sake of that clean environment? Doesn't the government have anything else to do so that both of them can live together?
Anup Chetia , Secretary of ULFA , FKJGP , HNYF , FKJGP , HNYF , RBYF and other leaders.
There are 433 positive cases of COVID-19 in the state so far.
They just sat down and after that, they came and told (Bah Tarson) that you will have to be taken for questioning because you are in peace talks (the HNLC and the Government),” he said.
A local taxi (ML05-D-4866) has caught fire on the National Highway-44 while it was returning from dropping off passengers at Umroi Nongrah, Ribhoi District.
Shillong, July 18: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Jaiaw has announced that it will hold the Maitshaphrang Award on the 15th June
Referring to the letter sent by MLA Dr Azad Zaman regarding the women of Meghalaya who marry in Assam, he said that the Meghalaya government will talk to Assam in Shillong, Nailur 06: The Synrai Session of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly today held a condolence meeting on the death of the members of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly. public figures across the country who have died within the last six months.
Answer : The KSU does not have any objection if the government improves or cleans only the existing roads because we understand that a good road is the source of income in the country. The Ministry of Roads, Transport and Highways through the Cabinet Committee on Infrastructure on 7th April 2010 has approved the allocation of funds for the SARDP-NE. This two lane road from Ngstoin-Mawthabah with the objective of 'To facilitate mining of uranium in Meghalaya' according to the notification announced on 10th April
In his speech, Bah Joining Roy Dkhar said that if the government does not do anything about this, the people will not be able to file a PIL in the court.
The HYC wants to know who is involved in this dismissal and when it was dismissed and whether the office is involved in this dismissal of this teacher.
This place has also become another 'Them Mator'
Speaking to media, RBSU President Everjoy Nongpluh said that even after 25 years of getting its own district, the leaders of the area who have three members in the ruling party have not been able to get even one. There is also a government college in Ribhoi.
At this meeting, all the civil society organizations that decided to appeal to all three MPs of the state, Vincent H Pala, Conrad K Sangma MP Lok Sabha and Wansuk Syiem MP Rajya Please note that they should submit a copy of the proposal to amend the Sixth Schedule before the bill reaches Parliament.
The Prime Minister stressed the importance of connecting with the sacred sites that are involved in the historical activities of the state and modern services, a step aimed at preserving these sites. and accelerate development activities.
Referring to the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh, he said that a new rule will now be issued that the seized cattle should be handed over to Customs for auction.
Besides the Syiems, Sirdars, Dolloi and Nokma, speeches were also delivered by Samla Daniel Khyriem, President KSU, Bah Joe Marwein, President FKJGP, Bah Sadon Blah, General Secretary, HNYF, Bah V Buhphang, General Secretary, Village Youth Association, Kong N Rapthap, President KWADA, and many others.
Speaking to reporters, Adelbert said the party has spoken many times with Marwein and after understanding the intention of KHNAM, the party has decided to remove him from the constituency. .
In her speech, the Chairman of the Meghalaya State Commission for Women, Thelin Phanbuhka said that many women do not know their rights.
This committee will monitor the implementation of the project from time to time and take steps to ensure the smooth running of the work.
I see the benefits and potential of this platform to serve as a platform that will explore many things, rethink good work and come up with new technologies.
I urge the members of the Executive Committee to attend the meeting tomorrow to decide on the protests,” she said.
There are times when we have to leave without anything else or even have to flee the village if we don't have enough drinking water wells to drink and eat.
So, with the many talents we have, let us embark on an era of national renewal.
In the petition, Yadav alleged that there was a perceptible conflict of interest in the appointment of returning officer Mehtab Singh Gill Justice (retd).
Speaking at the election campaign held in Nolikata, the Chief Minister said that the people of the area have been demanding for a Civil Sub Division for about 20 years, but only when it came. The MDA government has created the Ranikor Civil Sub Division.
Joshnland Mawlong was injured when a truck collided with another truck at Shangbangla at 5 pm. He was taken to Nongpoh Civil Hospital for treatment. Civil Hospital Shillong.
He said that Meghalaya has a capacity of up to 5 lakh bee farms and at present there are only 16,728 bee farms which means that it is only 3% of the Integrated Bee farms. Development Centre” can further improve the fish farming industry in the state.
Explaining the Government's request to hold talks with the HNLC leaders, Bah Tynsong said, “Because the people empowered by the HNLC cannot take a decision, (in talks with the government ), we agreed that the meeting should be with the leaders, who can take decisions (on many issues) because we want the discussion to have a conclusion.
On the other hand, the Home Guard Department on the strike of some of the volunteers, said that the delay in releasing their salaries is due to the fact that the officer in charge of their salaries has not don't train now or weeks.
“I would like to appeal to the leaders if they are afraid of being arrested, I urge them to choose the place themselves, we (government) are ready to meet you there and talk because we want to ensure that the peace talks are fruitful and conclusive," he said.
Shillong, Lber 04: The inauguration of the new government will be held on Tuesday 7/3/2023 at 11.00 am at Raj Bhavan, Shillong.
Shillong, Lber 17: U Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Spokesperson of the State Government, on Tuesday said that the talks on the demarcation of Assam in the remaining seven constituencies will resume after the 2023-2024 Budget Session.
If we talk, the promises during the elections are big and big promises but after the elections it is closer to seeing what was promised happen,” he said.
At present, the dispute has not ended at the time of writing.
The IBFP is the first power pipeline to cross the border between India and Bangladesh and opens the door to supply up to 1 million metric tonnes per annum (MMTPA) of High-Speed ​​Diesel (HSD) to Bangladesh.
While RT-PCR is the most accurate test for COVID-19, the ICMR has recently approved the use of point-of-care Rapid Antigen Test for the early detection of COVID-1 -19.
Explaining the problems of recruitment in Government departments, the Minister said, “We have separated the recruitment process by setting up the Board for Education and Health, which has made it easier to work.
The government has sent Nongstoin MLA Bah Macmillan Bursat to visit the site. The government has received information from all sides whether it is from the government and as well as from the private sector.
This is according to a statement sent by Bah Donbok Lang Thabah.
The admit cards have already been sent to all those places where the students have gone to submit their application forms.
He also referred to the 'cooperation of all parts of the Government' in the celebration of the International Day of Yoga and said that the cooperation of the Central Government departments and State Governments should ensure the celebration. which is the year.
The event was attended by Bah Paul Lyngdoh MLA as the chief guest, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh MLA as the chief guest, Costimai Jyrwa as the chief guest and others. the chiefs of Jaiaw.
Police have conducted an investigation to find out the source of the bullet and at the same time preparations are underway to dispose of the bullet according to the rules.
As they have not been able to provide the necessary documents, the government has sent a letter to them on 15/8/2020 to close down the coal factories. The DC also issued a ban on illegal immigrants.
Under the Jan AushadhiPariyojana, the Government provides quality locally manufactured medicines of equal quality and efficacy to other affordable medicines.
This area still needs a lot of security guards to maintain these stones. The wall of the well has also collapsed where people can enter and leave without protection.
The HYC president said it was a complaint and the MHRC will register a case against it.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: Heavy rainfall has caused damage in many places, collapse of wells, landslides and flooding in Wahumkhrah.
Therefore, we must take forward our 'Make in India' mission.
U Bah B Ryntathiang, while drinking at a shop in Angeli, 29 A Contonment, Shillong, was surprised to find that Rosgola's food contained 100 grams of food. the lyngkhot Bitor that is inside this food.
Two of the four categories of the competition were sent to compete in only one category. With this victory in the shooting competition, it opened the door for Bah Marwein to take part in the Zonal competition to be held in Shillong on the 15th of this month.
Eastern West Khasi Hills District Police on receiving a tip from intelligence agencies have arrested a 26-year-old man with drugs.
The elimination round will be held from 9th November 2023 until the grand final which will be held on 31st July 2024 at Don Bosco Youth Centre, Laiumkhrah, Shillong.
On this occasion, u Bah Rocky Hek promised to Lumshyiap Village to provide 40 computers so that the village can provide training to the youth of the village in computer skills.
What will happen is unknown because it is in the middle of trial, and on the other hand the whole of India does not know or have not discussed that there is another Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement relating to the rights of the people. Hima Khasi States and closely related to the rights of the people of Kashmir.
This is to replace the two days of public holidays in November
The number of young men and women who have come to take part in this festival at Madan Weking for the past three days has reached 1600 people.
Through these partnerships, more than 113.2 crore digital payments worth T.1,33,003 crore have been witnessed, and T.58.2 crore has been recovered and released to the beneficiaries.
A pistol and two mobile phones were recovered from the suspects.
The Central Government wants the disease to disappear from India.
If passed, the bill will affect Assam, West Bengal and Meghalaya.
Resubelpara, Naitung 27: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that it is the responsibility of the government and the residents to join hands to support the newly created districts. He urged all the officers in the districts to be more aware of the needs of the districts in development works.
In the Men's Doubles, P.Joshi and Subadonbor Pyngrope were the winners.
Sanbor said that the NDA government from time to time has promised that it wants to make the North East a state that is ready to develop in all aspects. The Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government will play a major role in bringing the HNLC to the peace talks table.
Speaking to reporters at the Chief Minister's residence, Symbut Chief Minister said that the Cabinet today has decided that the distribution of ration through ration shops will continue as scheduled. The government has taken the census and for the months of April and June, the food distribution department will distribute the rice according to the National Food Security Act.
The training will be related to examinations related to central government insurance departments and also related to jobs in state governments.
Speaking to SP News Agency, he said he has seen articles in the media regarding the MP ticket from the Congress party.
The road has caused the road to collapse and this has caused problems to the people of Balat Ranikor border area.
The clean-up will start at 5 pm from Nongstoin station in front of Nongstoin Market in the presence of officials of the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board.
Shillong, July 23: Leaders of the Khasi Authors' Society (KASO) on Saturday laid a wreath at the memorial of Rev. Thomas Jones at the Synod College, Shillong.
The investigation revealed that the child was also raped by Lumding Syiemlieh.
The JSM invites all the residents of East Jaintia Hills District, including the Waheh Shnong, Secretary Shnong, parents, especially the youth, various civil society organizations, women's organizations, Various religious organizations, youth organizations and village organizations to attend the public meeting to be held on the 8th of this month at 9:30 pm at Don Bosco Higher Secondary School, Khliehriat.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister has taken action to ensure that those who are entitled to receive this assistance.
In the 2nd War Central: Holando Lamin (INC) and RL Tariang (UDP). In the 3rd War West: Herman Khonglah (INC) and Het Pohthmi (IND). RDKhar (UDP) and Lakhon Dkhar (UDP).
While India is catching the attention of the world, it is time to open up the opportunities in the North East.
The program was conducted by the Additional Deputy Commissioner, Bah A.Nongbri.
“From the seas to the atmosphere, to the sky, there are many things that young people can do,” said Prime Minister Duh.
According to sources, the officer of the government department went to the market to fulfill his duty to ensure that the shops close on time as directed.
During the meeting, they discussed the peace and stability in the state and the progress of the border crossing with Bangladesh which has not been completed yet.
In this landslide, a dewbilat house was covered by the ground and the Umlieh-Mawlangsu road was blocked and traffic was stopped. A Maruti Van was also covered by the ground. Fortunately, no one was injured as no one was inside the house or in the vehicle.
The TMC has talked to put forward a joint candidate between the Congress and the TMC according to discussions within the group known as INDIA, but the Congress in Meghalaya has already announced its candidate without knowing it. happened on the field.
Shillong, Nailar 15: The Pine Mount School has won the march past at the 73rd Independence Day celebrations at Polo Ground this year. Loreto School and St Mary's School Shillong came third.
They were arrested from Nangapa Market today.
The AAI has started implementation in Agartala, Calicut and Port Blair where integrated terminals will be constructed according to the current schedule and will approve the operations to start in Chennai, Lucknow and Guwahati at a cost of T. crore, Rs 1383 crore and Rs 1232 crore respectively.
The Minister of State, Bah Shakliar Warjri on Tuesday launched the flag as a sign of the beginning of the transportation of Dongmusa from one district to another until the 5th Meghalaya Games The tournament will be held from the 15th to the 20th of this month at Tura, West Garo Hills District.
branch), and Cliffhilberth B Sangma,   Assistant Sub-Inspector , o/o.
These players will arrive in Mawlai at 10 noon on the 10th of July
According to the rules of the scheme, roadside vendors will have to register to get an identity card, proof that they are residents of Meghalaya for at least three years, proof that they are earning a living. from the business of selling along the road in the same place or village (as well as for those selling in vehicles) for a period of six months from the date of issuance of the notice of surrender.
This has shocked the visitors.
The KSU has expressed its anger over the delay of the authorities in removing these foreigners.
The total number of recoveries today is 93, 76 from East Jaintia Hills, 5 from Ri Bhoi, 4 from West Garo Hills, 3 from North Garo Hills, 2 from South West Khasi Hills, 1 from South West Garo Hills and 1 from East Khasi Hills. Hills 1, the total number of recoveries is
All the police commandos who will take oath of office on the 3rd of this month will be sent to fight against insurgents. Shillong, March 04: The All India Radio Shillong will hold a song competition for the singers from the North East. Between 16 and 30 years old, the competition is known as “N E Body Can Sing” –
Three persons have been arrested on suspicion of involvement in the murder of Pynskhemlang Lyngkhoi (27) from Marshillong, Mawkyrwat, South West. Khasi Hills District Police have arrested him.
The Institute of Bioresources and Sustainable Development (IBSD), Node Meghalaya, has celebrated this Environment Day by cleaning up the plastic waste around their premises.
The future of India and the UAE has been intertwined for centuries now.
Prof.Prabha Shankar Shukla, Vice Chancellor, North Eastern Hill University (NEHU); Prof (Dr) Nalin Mehta, Director, NEIGRIHMS and Dr Neeta Mahesekar, Director, NEIAH. Bachelor of Ayurvedic Medicine and Surgery (BAMS) and Bachelor of Homeopathic Medicine and Surgery (BHMS) at NEIAH. From 50 students trained in 2016-17, the number of students has increased to be trained in every training group.
The body will be taken to St Joseph's Church in Guwahati.
It is like a phyrngop tree with large leaves.
Referring to the Congress party, he said that the Congress party is a paid house among themselves, which is why before the party speaks, it should resolve the issues within the party before criticizing it. others.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Hamlet Dohling as the chief guest praised Allfondbirth Kharsyntiew VLE of Lawsohtun for being a visionary youth.
Shillong, Shillong: U Bah CVD Diengdoh has inaugurated the branch office of the Meghalaya Rural Bank (MRB) at Saitsohpen Branch at Mawpunkirtiang, Sohra.
“We need peace and we request the HNLC to come forward to continue the peace talks with the state government or the central government.
During these hours of curfew called by the Khasi and Jaintia Forest Organization, all government offices have been closed especially in Shillong. Some of the vehicles were on the road but the vehicles were not working.
Nongstoin, July 16: The residents of Mawthabah have expressed their dissatisfaction with the action of MeECL to install only electric poles, signs and others. electric tire ring but it hasn't been built for six years yet.
Introducing the budget, Bah Pyniaid said that the Executive Committee will look for ways and means to strengthen the generation of funds and at the same time to control the use of funds. shall not use the funds for the benefit of the Council.
The Peace Tour started on the 14th of this month from Boruah Char Ali and will end on the 22nd of this month in Dimapur.
The leaders of the Nongthymai Circle have strongly condemned the government under the leadership of Mukul Sangma for putting the foreigners in front of them and rejecting the indigenous people.
The solar lighting is part of the Climate Resilient Village Program funded by TATA Communication's CSR. as well as this is to encourage the residents in the rural areas.
The union also said that it would be better if there was a follow-up arrangement for the people on the border to take the decision whether they want to stay in Meghalaya or Assam. that the government should resolve the border with Assa.
Earlier, the Meghalaya BJP Kissan Morcha held a Health Camp for children under 15 years at Umsaw and distributed prizes to the winners. There was also a welcome drink after the match.
Police are investigating to arrest others.
To strengthen research activities and will have a long-term impact on the transfer of higher education activities.
“The party has not joined any party,” said Vice President BahSB Nongdhar.
He referred to the Vedas where he said they teach us about the principles of democratic assemblies.
The residents of the area were told.
The meeting also decided to write to all the Chief Ministers of the states in the region and all the MPs to support the FOCUSS initiative to strengthen the ADCs in the North East. of India.
The reforms we are introducing to make India attractive for E&P activities are evident when the Wood Mackenzie Group said that India could become an exclusive licensee by
IT industries have evolved to play a major role and these same opportunities are available in AVGC industries.He said adding that big Hollywood films are now leveraging the skills and power of India.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister said that the phase 2 of the project is related to the needs of the students, doctors and those working in the area.
He said that there will be various bands including Summer Salt, Toxic Pony, Voodoo Child and others.
During the meeting with the delegation led by Bah Stodar Dkhar and Bah Paskha Malangniang along with the elders of the area, the Minister listened to their speeches and issues. The people of the area have been facing since the closure of the Mawshun project.
" Speech by Bah MH Dkhar.
After extinguishing the fire, the fire brigade found that inside the house there were bags containing weapons. These bags were placed in the lower room when they were opened. The ANTF has seized 1001.655 kilos of heroin. The ANTF has seized 1001.655 kilograms of heroin.
The Pyllun Dorbar of the Women's Union of the Catholic Women's Union of Shillong Archdiocese was accompanied by the Spiritual Director of the Union of Women, Rev. Leo Mary Lyndem, Rev. Risterland R.Maiong La Nongsharai Rangbah. All the priests of the State of Shillong.
Today's India owes a great deal to Sardar's vision, skills, ability to manage alliances and the strength of his mind in the defense of the country and the unity of more than states by the unification of India in connection with the partition of the country.
Shillong La today's match was very important as they lost in the last match in Shillong.
Shillong, Lber 31: The Mawtongtin Water Plus Project has been inaugurated by the Deputy Commissioner of Mawtongtin Village, Jakrem. Chairman Basin Development Unit (BDU) of the District.
“I will not turn back” written by Bah R.Susngi and published by Ri Khasi Publication, Shillong.
Before distributing the aid, Bah Martamlin Pyrbot Rangbah Shnong said that the aid came from Pradip Agarwal who donated 10 byrni of 50 kilos of rice, 100 kilos of Dai, 200 kilos of Phan. 240 bottles of 200 ml of oil, Shillong Marwari Community donated three bags of 50 kilos of rice, 30 bottles of oil and 30 kilos of dai.
The construction of the Shillong-Nongstoin-Rongjeng-Tura road has almost been completed. There are three roads, from Ranikor to Baghmara, from Chaygaon to Nongstoin and from Nongstoin to Ranikor via the Rilang River. These roads will be implemented as soon as the land acquisition has been arranged.
The increase or decrease or irregularity of these parts of the air reduces its purity.
He also thanked the farmers who came out to take part in this programme.
“If this conflict wasn’t supported by this group or that group, it wouldn’t have gotten this far and it wouldn’t have lasted as long as it did," he said.
After three months of protest, these leaders on Saturday met and unanimously decided to go to the people where a public meeting will be held on the 30th of this month. month to explain more about the demand for Inner Line Permit (ILP).
Shillong, March 28: The Mawkynrew Cup Committee (MCC) will hold a football tournament in Jongsha village in honor of Bah Jien Pyngrope who passed away two years ago. this is the world.
Shillong, Naitung 19: Meghalaya has been one of the states in India which has adopted the Public Private Partnership (PPP) scheme to encourage entrepreneurship in Meghalaya.
The High Commissioner of India to Bangladesh will also be present at the unveiling ceremony.
Police have a strong suspicion that the smuggling of alcohol in bottles means that these people intend to burn down the house.
The Governor said that in the last 51 years, Meghalaya has developed in many areas, agriculture, tourism, power generation, education, technology and urged The State Government authorities do not use the resources in the right manner.
