Panellists from the United Nations, the United Kingdom, Indonesia and the World Bank discussed work for capacity building in relation to the two-pillar international tax package and pointed to the failure of implementation and benefits to developing countries.
People who wish to apply for NikshayMitraki can register immediately at these places.
Furthermore, the Meghalaya Athletics Association will also open opportunities for other sports such as cricket, football, traditional sports and others.
Shillong, Naiweng 24: There are still four days left for those who wish to contest the mid-term MDC elections to register their nomination papers.
“If you give A in one place, you don't give B in another place, this is not the case and everything should be given to those foreigners who are rightful citizens of this state who “It's been a long time since I've had proper documents,” said Bah Hek.
He also requested the state government to consider the demands of the HNLC so that it can return to the peace talks table.
He recalled the statement of the Union Health Minister that the death toll of children in the state is very high.
They demanded that the government should immediately suspend the transfer of the DC so that the district can develop.
The program was held at U SosoTham Auditorium, Shillong.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Arunkumar Kemphavi, said that the inspection has started for two days and so far it has gone smoothly with the cooperation of the villagers.
Through this message, Young Ferdynald.
On the 22nd of this month, KAS held a rally to demand that the Central Government should include the Khasi language in the fifth schedule. It should bring a decision in the current session of the Synrai Dorbar.
That is to introduce the mismanagement of public administration without permission in all the Hima according to the different villages especially in the State of Meghalaya which still has its own Autonomous District Councils and which still falls under the Minority Status. the Constitution of India.
In this case, there was no accident.
Earlier, Sylvester Nongtnger and SP (City) Vivek Syiem held a meeting with the Police Officers of Laitumkhrah Police Station. The State Government in the presence of Laitumkhrah-Malki MDC Bah Joseph Fantin Lakadong to discuss the incident which has shocked all the residents of Shillong.
The ACHR demanded that this day be commemorated as a 23-year-old girl who was raped in Delhi died today in Singapore abroad after being raped. and bein the most beautiful.
Regarding the lack of light, SP News Agency when contacted by the authorities in charge of the revenue department said that the lack of light inside the office is due to the lack of light. The light has been cut off by MeECL because of the lack of light.
The Ministry of Social Justice of the Union Government has allocated T.300 crore for the construction of the stadium.
Shillong, Nailar 18: The Chairman of Imson Football Club, Nongmynsong, Bah Justice Hahshah, on Tuesday said that the aim of the club is to open up opportunities for rural children to play in places such as Shillong.
The Secretary said that it is necessary to open up opportunities for children at the right age, so that they can train themselves and earn an income from these jobs, and therefore, the draft policy to strengthen the development of skills and education.
The Bronze medal winners were Ms Anjali Singh-10 Meter Rifle-MQS (Women) and Bah Dennyson Kyrsain who won the 10 Meter Rifle-ISSF (Men-Senior). The Shooting Association of Meghalaya (SHO) has been able to win and qualify for the shooting competitions in the state. bring medals and bring glory to Meghalaya.
During his military career he was appointed to various positions and in various fields, he was selected to go abroad as well as he was well aware of the circumstances of the Ri is in the west or in the east of the Ri.
He informed them that as of now, the KHADC (District Council) and the Government have already passed the Protection and Promotion of Khasi Traditional Medicine Act and as of now they are preparing a Rule, which it is hoped will be issued soon, so that they can get a license to recognize them by law.
At present, this area is very backward and there are about 30 to 40 villages which have to travel 2 to 3 hours to Mawkyrwat or Ranikor. The MLAs who belong to this district should take this issue to the government especially those who are in power under the leadership of the MDA 2.0 government.
: Teachers led by VPP MLA from Mawlai Constituency Bah Brightstarwell Marbaniang on Friday said that the lawsuit in the Supreme Court is ongoing between the teachers and the Government regarding the issuance of the proclamation prohibiting teachers from participating in the political process.
Earlier, the Deputy Commissioner of South West Garo Hills, RP Marak said that the Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra is a good initiative as many people in the rural areas are not aware of the schemes that can help them.
Shillong, November 24: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) CEC led by General Secretary Bah Roy Kupar Synrem in the presence of Vice Presidents Donbok Kharlyngdoh and Rhembor Saibon, Danny Mukhim, Assistant Organizing Secretary and Edmund Khongngai, Member The CEC, today met with the Commissioner of Transport Department, Bah IW Ingty, IAS. The purpose of the meeting was to complain against the invitation for applications by the office regarding the posts of Post Enforcement Inspectors and Enforcement Checkers in the Transport Department through an advertisement dated 16.07.19 to fill 6 posts of Inspector and 15 posts of Checkers in the Transport Department.
The government has already directed the East Jaintia Hills District Police not to investigate the incident and arrest immediately those involved in the bombing of Kong Agnes and her boyfriend.
In this regard, the Seng has sought information through RTI from the office of the Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District and found that the DC's office has sent a proposal to request funds from the Revenue and Disaster Management Department. Rs.92,61,600/- for 2721 households affected by natural disasters in 2016 and
He also suggested to the Government not to increase the financial assistance to the Village Defense Parties (VDPs) as they cannot function without the necessary assistance.
“The Government should take immediate action to strengthen the Narcotic Act which is currently in force.
The handover ceremony was attended by Law Minister Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, Education Minister Rakkam A Sangma and others.
Shillong, March 07: The KSU Laitumkhrah Unit has expressed its anger over the rude behavior of a foreigner named Amrit Debbarma to a Khasi girl at the place where they worked together.
This training will last for six months.
SHILLONG, November 27: The Meghalaya Defense Civilian Workers’ Co-operative Credit Society Ltd.
It is learned that at about 12 pm, the husband of the woman called and informed his brother that Kong Bibimoris had passed away. When they looked at this woman, they found signs of injury on parts of her body which were badly injured in the death of this woman.
The HNLC is ready to enter into talks with the Government without any restrictions.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: The Hynniewtrep Border Disputed Reconciliation Forum (HBCF) has strongly condemned the Assam government and the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) for their failure to build a sports ground at Umlaper village in Raid Nangtung (Block-11). There is still a dispute between the governments of Assam and Meghalaya.
“We called the MLA and he said he cannot do anything because it is the responsibility of the PHE and the MDC also said that it is the responsibility of the PHE and he cannot do anything.
However, why don't we get any Aggregator job here (in Meghalaya) so that we can be happy with the people so that it can help in both ways.
There are 177 recoveries, 144 from East Khasi Hills and 26 from Ri Bhoi, bringing the total number of recoveries to
Shillong, July 09: U Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, MDC of Mawryngkeng Assembly Constituency, has won the mid-term election from Mawryngkeng Assembly Constituency. : After the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, recognized the All India Trinamul Congress in the Legislative Assembly, the party has become the most paid party in the state. opposed inside the House.
Shillong, July 22: The Assam Riffle today seized three AK-56 rifles, three Mags and T.2.30 lakh Myanmar currency from a forest known as Zote ha. Mizoram today.
The meeting was convened specifically for the implementation of the MHIS Part III smart card from today morning. in this scheme.
Shillong, Nailur 25: The Minister in charge of Disaster Management, Bah Kyrmen Shylla today said that the natural disaster has caused the loss of many lives.
Nognpriang village has 76 households and Mynriah village has 23 households.
To emphasize the demand, the Seng also informed that the Assam Police recently arrested two members of the United People's Front of Karbi Longri (UPFKL) in West Karbi Anglong District.
The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi will interact with students, teachers and parents from across the world in the 5th part of the Pariksha Pe Charcha programme. She said it was a great honor and pride to be selected for the discussion and to have consultations with the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi.
When questioned, they could not answer a single word and could not produce proper documents to prove that they are Indian citizens.
After the MDCs of KHADC passed the Bill 2018 as a follow-up, we see that the Meghalaya Assembly has emerged as the last in the protest. They passed an Official Resolution in a special session on 19 Dec 2019 to demand the Government of India to implement the ILP throughout the state.
This is according to a statement sent by Stone Nongkynrih, Aishisha Khongwir.
Shillong, March 16: The Chairman of the Monolith Festival, Bah Titus Chyne MDC of Sohra, on Tuesday said that the festival was organized by the KHCF in collaboration with the Khasi Hills Conservative Forum (KHCF). The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) is to revive the culture and traditions of the people.
At the same time, the Chief Minister also requested other MLAs to look into what will happen in the future what will happen from this COVID-19 pandemic and how the committees in different villages to See if you can stay at home even if you test positive.
It has also violated the Solid Waste Management Rules, 2016 and the Construction and Demolition Waste Management Rules, 2016,” said Bah Nonglang.
Larisha Lyngdoh, a student of Vilco Secondary School, Pynthorumkhrah, won the gold medal in the 28 kilo weight category and under 15 years old.
Speaking to reporters, Bah MN Mukhim, Executive Member in charge of Development Works, said that the amount allocated by the Central Government is T.50 crore and not T.52 crore as it was released. in the media.
Regarding the payment of the land fee, he said that if the land owners are willing to pay, they can prepare the estimate but as it is, it has not yet reached that stage to discuss the payment. .
Tura, Nailur 06: The Garo Students Union (GSU) through its president Greneth M Sangma of Mindikgre Regional Unit has lodged a complaint against the Branch Manager of SBI in Baghmara.
Payment of Dearness Relief (DR) to those receiving old age allowance from 1.1.2024 which is an increase of 4% from the current 46% of Basic Pay / Old Age Allowance, in line with the price increases.
“A Khasi woman should not have a license to buy land, use it for commercial purposes or other activities and this is where the demand comes to pass the necessary law,” he said.
There are 285 recoveries from all districts, 80 from East Khasi Hills, 96 from West Garo Hills, 19 from North Garo Hills, 16 from Ri Bhoi and 16 from Ri Bhoi. There are 15 cases in West Garo Hills and 10 cases in West Khasi Hills.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: When the NPP leaders joined the BJP, Martin M Danggo has promised to follow the supporters by joining the BJP today. at a meeting held at the party office.
Other ways of contributing to the community are, As a Nongkynshew, who collects stamps and wins competitions at District level and State level such as MEGHAPEX. “The Department of Culture and Heritage, Department of Tourism, Government of Meghalaya.
The Dorbar Ki Khlieh Nongsynshar of Ri Hynniewtrep, congratulates the State Government for listening to the proposals to recognize the Rangbah Shnongs as the authorities to recognize the villagers.
After this, the Bangladeshis fled to their own country. The BSF called the BGB and held a meeting and demanded that the BGB should arrest them immediately. bad.
Other Ministers will be sworn in after taking oath as MLAs of the State Legislative Assembly.
During this visit, they met with Bah S.Syiem Engineer in charge of the Environment Department. During this visit, they found that the coal mining factory was built by a foreigner. Mawthyngkut MLA Gigur Myrthong is wrong. The party condemns the person who has spread the word.
Regarding the railway line, the party's position is clear that the party cannot accept the railway line to Ri Khasi Jaintia while the government has not been able to provide safety measures against the flooding. that person who is outside.
Nongstoin, Naitung 12: The Hynniewtrep People's Social Organization (HNSA) West Khasi Hills District, one of the organizations in the area, was surprised and disappointed to find that the office of the Hynniewtrep People's Association (HPA) of the Headquarters of the District is one of the breeding grounds.
The union said that according to the Mylliem Act 1959, any area which is still under the scheduled area should be under the jurisdiction of the Himamylliem.
Mr Ian Campbell, Olympian, said that through this annual testing programme, coaches, associations, athletes, parents of children and the management of the government sports department will be able to participate in the testing programme. Meghalaya, if they follow this carefully, they will be able to identify those who are special in talent and it will lead Meghalaya to reach special events like National Championships, Common Wealth Games, Asian Games and World Championships. , and to the Olympics, and so on.
e Jaintia Student Movement, the basis on which it was founded, and explained what is its aim and objective, which is in front of us and cannot be changed until we get the Jaintia Student Movement. fruit is not clean.
On the other hand, the Archbishop urged the people to come forward and get the vaccine to protect themselves from the COVID-19 pandemic and at the same time to protect those who are in the house.
He said that the supply of goods and the auction of them will bring wealth and increase revenue, job creation, industries and will lead to economic development of the region.
The Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District, said that the stone throwing of the MDC happened while she was talking on the phone in the ground floor of her house. you paid.
The Minister also inaugurated the newly constructed offices of the Weavers Service Centers (WSC) in Indore, Madhya Pradesh and Kannur, Kerala.
The four MLAs from the Congress party are Prestone Tynsong, Rowell Lyngdoh, Sngiawbhalang Dhar, Ngaitlang Dhar, Comingone Ymbom and Remington Pyngrope from the UDP.
XII Sc of MBOSE, this late announcement has put the students in trouble especially those who come from the rural areas, because they have not prepared for the Entrance Examination and instead they go to work to earn money. get help when you go back to school.
Shillong, July 06: Silviana L.Mawlong, 11, daughter of Bah Bobby Basaiawmoit and Kong Aba L.Mawlong, Mairangbah Village, for her ability to express herself. Dance India Dance Little Master Season 3 which was held in Kolkata on 3rd Jan 2014 and 4th Jan
Hindustan Steelworks Construction Ltd (A Govt.
The union also asked the Government that “if other ethnic groups which are higher paid than us have laws to protect them, why should we as a low paid ethnic group in all the ethnic groups? Liang We don't have the right to have laws to protect us"
On the other hand, Marak said that if the AAMSU is willing to do so, it does not mean that the Garo people have only this road but there are other roads and they should remember that many traders from Assam also have this road. im tang from Garo Hills.
The value of these items was T.4.30 lakh and the items were seized from Hangaria village. The BSF handed over the items to the Customs for further investigation. he who has no work.
Speaking to reporters, the Minister said that during the water shortage, the Leshka dam produces only 6 to 7 MW, although its capacity should be 126 MW. The demand for electricity in the state is 214 MW while the production is only 171 MW and the shortage is 43 or 44 MW. at night.
The Government has taken measures to increase the number of water tanks by allocating T.14.37 crore for the construction of 10 water tanks. The distribution of water has not been done by the GHADC and there has been a discussion since 1995 whether the water distribution department will take over from the GHADC. Dr Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma, today said in the House that the water crisis is global and it is necessary to protect the water sources.
He also urged Bah KP Pangniang, MLA & MDC, EM-IC KHADC, to set up schemes and measures through the District Council, so that all the 53 Hima/Elaka can celebrate this day.
However, he said that the hopes are high and that Myntri Rangbah Duh wants more success.
Police said that the body of the woman has been placed at the Civil Hospital Shillong.
The issue, which has been going on for decades between the two countries, in these parts of Meghalaya has been resolved by the exchange of the Instrument of Ratification
According to the KSU leader, out of the three who were beaten by the BSF, two were seriously injured.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said the use of 5G technology will not be limited to high speed internet but has the potential to change lives.
Air Marshal, Eastern Air Command, SP Dharkar AVSM opened the meeting as the chief guest in the presence of the Commissioner and Secretary to the Governor, Dr. B D R Tiwari.
The Y20 summit will be held in India for the first time.
Speaking to reporters, he said that the MTDC has signed a soskular with Bah Leslly Shylla to run the project for 33 years. MTDC has given this land to Bah Shylla.
Mawkyrwat, Nailar 08: The Union of Village Youth Organizations (SSSS), SWKHD today 28th July, 2017 has confirmed its new office bearers by the leaders of the Union of Village Youth Organisations, Sengkmie under the leadership of Samla Vanshan Buhphang and other members of the CEC from Shillong.
The child was released by the police and the child is now well and is now with his family.
The residents of the area have alleged that the light outage is due to the stinginess of MeECL towards the villagers of SWKH District.
The total amount of blood collected on this day was 37 units.
In this regard, the Central Executive Committee held on 10th July 2013 has already discussed how to bring about the NEHU Extension. Therefore, the union requests the village of Wahiajer to donate about 50 acres of land to the village in order to achieve the goal of the union and this will bring many benefits to the village. and the Jaintia Hills District and the state as a whole.
Michel said this is the first time to know whether the Meghalaya Compulsory Registration Marriage Act is working or not because one of the provisions of the Act clearly states that the certificate should be registered. write about any government job.
Jowai: March 07:The fish farming in Meghalaya has increased and is very stable. The growth of fish farms from day to day has encouraged others. that bam don bag.
The United Nations has said that the needs of developing countries cannot be easily addressed through tools such as the Withholding Tax.
Talented people from these four places have come forward to take part in the showcase.
At the same time, the problem of finding qualified teachers is a problem for doctoral schools in the country and this is the same for this school, but as it is now this school is It is the best school in India.
The union sends this warning to the government not to play with the lives and deaths of the patients especially the poor who come from near and far because Ganesh Dad is a hospital for the poor and the government should provide all the necessary facilities.
In his speech, he said that the people have started to lose confidence in the government, the courts because they take years, even the leaders, the reason is that the problems of the people are not solved. There are those who don't listen because the villagers don't know what the government is doing.
The Union in these few months has witnessed the working methods of this DC in which he has done many things for the development of the District as a whole especially for the peace and stability of the residents of our district. that area border.
There has been one death from East Khasi Hills District, bringing the total number of deaths to 1583, the highest number of deaths from East Khasi Hills District
Police have arrested Babulal Sheikh, 48, and seized the truck carrying him. The raid was also part of the preparations for the Lok Sabha elections. cars that walk and stand.
In 2012, after Jaintia Hills received the MPSC Cell in Jowai, the MPSC conducted its recruitment examination here in Jowai, and this examination went smoothly and was true. This is a great help to all the students who are looking for jobs through MPSC because they don't have to go to Shillong to write examinations.
He said that they have not yet withdrawn their strike and they will continue and will take a decision tomorrow morning after meeting with the Chief Secretary, if they have to withdraw their protest. “It depends on the meeting tomorrow morning,” said Bah Nongsiang.
To the government colleges, the government will do whatever is necessary, to the government recognized colleges, the government will continue to provide support as far as it can do. will do everything, those who run the colleges should work with the government.
While on the one hand, we have appreciated the upgradation of Mairang sub-division to district status as part of bringing Khadar rule to the people. you are in the Ri Bhoi area.
As part of the award ceremony, Bah Raphael Warjri, Head of Synjuk Riti Academy, announced the Waheh S Quotient Sumer Award and Rangbah Sumar. Sing Sauerkraut.
In the complaint, it was alleged that one of the colleagues shot and beat her after taking her to Merut in Uttar Pradesh.
This has been a major problem which has affected especially the poor residents in many ways as well as until they can no longer buy Umbam Umdih from anywhere else.
Shillong, Naitung 04: Four persons who came to work from Assam in Ri Bhoi District have tested positive for COVID-19, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said.
Shillong, June 20: The Commissioner and Secretary of the Government of Meghalaya in charge of the General Administration Department today announced that a public holiday has been declared on the polling day in Sohiong Constituency.
According to information received, the pigs that died of the disease were from Tiehsaw village in West Khasi Hills District. .
In the incident, the fire destroyed the necessary documents in one of the rooms of the office and some in other rooms.
NFNS Joint Secretary Stalin from Karbi Anglong, Co Chairman Nikman Marak from Garo Hills and other leaders from the North East will attend the meeting.
On the other hand, the insurgents did not believe what he said. They sought information from his family members and after realizing that he was indeed the driver of the vehicle, they released him. They sought him, but they could not find him until they had released him.
In this regard, he said that NGMA will set up an office in Agartala in Tripura for the development of Thohdur and the culture of the North East.
Two books written by Bah LH Pde were also launched on the occasion. These books were “Shidorjon ki skit biria” and one was entitled “ The son is lost".
Moderators Khasi-Jaintia Presbyterian Synod Mihngi.
Shillong, Lber 15: The Lady Keane College, which is one of the leading training centers for women students in the State, today announced that from 2024 onwards, it will accept students. to the male students.
The Supreme Court has also appointed Ankit Yadav, President of the All Assam Students Union (AASU) and NESO, as the Nodal Officer for the AASU. complained.
At this meeting, they discussed the increase in the tax on vehicles, but the sad thing is that the government has not increased the tax on vehicles since
On this occasion , the people from all over Shillong have come to the venue to witness the Drum Competition at the venue and the Drum Competition has been judged by Shillong, March 04: Four new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today. District 1.
The hostel was built on the grounds of Harding Theological College, Edinburgh.
The road will be taken over by the NHIDCL, a central government company which is currently constructing many roads in the state.
Speaking to reporters, the Rangbah Shnong of Laitkor Mawrie, Bah Pynshailang Mawrie, said that this decision was taken at the dorbar of the village held today.
Police have arrested these drug traffickers after they raided the GS Road in Mawiong and when they searched the vehicle they were traveling in, they seized four boxes of soap containing the drugs.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: U Bah Rajesh Thapa today said that his son, Amit Marbaniang, 21, has gone missing from Nongmynsong Dongneng village on Monday night after he went missing. go and throw niut.
The Chief Sanitation Officer was also handed over by the Director and Medical Superintendent of NEIGRIHMS to the households at NEIGRIHMS. ground floor of NEIGRIHMS where the Director, Deputy Director, Medical Superintendent and members of the JCI planted trees.
After this inspection of the documents, the election campaign has resumed as it should be for the candidates who are contesting this election.
Speaking to media, Dr Tiwari said that as the rainy season has approached, the Ministry of Education and the Ministry of Revenue and Disaster Management have been directed to be prepared. The Polling Stations will be located in schools.
During the meeting, the Minister demanded that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare should upgrade Danger PHC to CHC and during the meeting, the Minister promised to do something about the need for Ambulances and a 100 bed hospital. that she will inform the government and they will meet again in two months.
At the meeting, the Chief Minister said that Meghalaya is one of the states which has implemented the Jal Jeevan Mission well.
Thrina said that the Rangbah Shnong did not convene the dorbar as directed by the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District. village on 28th November
Momin, MPS, Dy.Superintendent of Police (HQ), East Garo Hills, Williamnagar.
Prestone said that this is not the responsibility of the state government, but it should talk between the countries, while answering questions regarding the number of students from the state who The Deputy Chief Minister urged them to talk to the Indian Embassies in Bangladesh.
Police have sent him to court and the court has authorized the police to interrogate him for five days.
Announcing this, the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, said, “I am pleased to inform you all that the National Anthem of the State has been approved by the Cabinet today.
Ruth is the youngest daughter of Natalie West Kharkongor who lives in Laban. She has completed her education and training at Sunrise Flying Institute Florida. Samla Ruth is 21 years old and has returned from her studies and will soon apply for a commercial flying licence. not within India.
Shillong, Nailar 22: Meghalaya Police on receiving a tip that robbers wanted by Assam Police have come to Shillong. They conducted a search operation and arrested all six persons from Madanryting.
Speaking to media at Shillong Press Club to explain the allegations, he said that the collection of this money from the villagers is for the purpose of running the school. I'm going to the village.
Furthermore, during the protest of the party in West Khasi Hills, this youth was not only inside the state but abroad. The government has already removed all the rules and regulations but why only Bah Arphul Kharbani is still being detained.
TMC leader George B Lyngdoh has met with SSA teachers in Shillong to listen to their grievances and in Tura today, SSA teachers have been encouraged by SSA teachers. Richard M Marak in charge of West Garo Hills District, Adamkid Sangma, former MDC Rupert Sangma and Safford N Sangma in charge of West Gh district.
At the same time, they (the Central Government) want to have elections for Rangbah Shnong and Executive Members of Village Councils and they also want to have a special allocation for women,” he said. to Bah Titus.
The office will try to sanitize those who enter from the gate, hand sanitizers have been installed in front of the office, hand sanitizers have been installed in the rooms and today the sanitizers have been distributed to the MDCs. to all employees.
In the same porn, the DC's office informed that the NSFA and non-NSFA rice has been released for the month of April
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Laban Circle on Friday sent a letter to the Principal Chief Conservator of Forest (PCCF) and HoFF, RS Gill, demanding that the Forest Department should not allow the forest department to protect the people. They built illegal houses on the land of the Forest Department at Mahadev Khola.
People from all over Jaintia Hills have come to this ritual which is held once a year to thank and pray to the Creator to bless them with health and wealth.
Also, we couldn’t do too much in recreational activities.
In a letter to the Chairman of the PCF, UDP Campaign Committee Secretary Allan F Dkhar said that the PCF has been requested to reconsider its decision.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma has attended the inauguration of the National Assembly by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi on 28th June,
Paul said he had spoken to the Chief Minister Cornad K Sangma and the Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong regarding the DC of East Khasi Hills District's enactment of Section 144 CrPC. Shops in Shillong will be closed at 10.00 pm.
On the other hand, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh said that his duty as a leader of the people in a small position as an MDC is to work fairly and fulfill his duty as the people of Mawkynrew Constituency. and they put the yoke upon their shoulders.
Many have lost their loved ones.
Officers from the District were also present to discuss the works implemented in the District.
The willingness of foreigners to trade illegally and freely within the border of Jaintia Hills has put the indigenous people at great risk in all aspects,” said the statement. from the JHADC to close down all the shops of foreigners who do not have Trading License and also to order those foreigners who have Trading License to keep their Trading License in their shops.
Referring to the District Council, the President of HANM said that if they cannot protect the border, they should abolish the border. playing with the border issue of the nation.
The KHADC has also sent the Syiem of Nongspung Hima to inspect the construction of the Assam road bridge at Balakhawa which is almost completed. After receiving the explanation, the KHADC will decide how to deal with the border crossing by Assam.
"That is the statement of the HSPDP and we need to meet again to resolve these issues," he added.
The SIT has been authorized to investigate untraced crimes such as the theft of vehicles which have been lodged in the past three years. many ways and those who can steal bikes.
The video which has been circulated today on WhatsAPP shows that the government's statement that the works at the entry and exit points are not clear. You don't have that right when you come to Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the union has gone to destroy the fences and burn them.
The discussion on the occasion was also on the appointment of teachers in Hindi subject in rural schools and also on the ratio of one teacher to 1 per 30 students.
Shillong, March 10: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Pyniaid Sing Syiem today held a meeting with the Chief Executive Member of the World Bank. go to visit the Wahumkhen which is the spring of water.
Modiu said the Court, in its wisdom, has strengthened the unity that we, as the people of India, cherish.
The Chief Secretary also pointed out the introduction of refrigerators instead of duli.
Tomar promised that under this Mission, the palm oil farmers will get all the support they need.
The President of the UDP Women's Wing, Pretty Kharpyngrope, said that the UDP supports the demand for ILP, but opposes the proposal to build a railway line in Khasi-Jaintia. The nation is still paid.
The CoRP has demanded from the previous governments to upgrade the administrative unit from civil sub division for the benefit of the people as it is difficult for the people to travel to Nongpoh which is about 70 km away. Magazine.
Shillong, Naitung07: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma, today said that the NPP government is for the people and development works in the state will be shared with all. in the state.
He also spoke about the delivery of medicines in Lahaul Spiti area of ​​Himachal Pradesh using drones, which has reduced the estimated time from 2 hours to 20-30 minutes.
TORCH BATTERY,2.
The Governor of Meghalaya has called upon the people of the State and India especially the youth to instill the spirit of love, mutual respect and unity in the country. This is according to a statement sent by the Raj Bhavan Shillong.
“We will work with the ADCs to conduct public awareness campaigns on the POCSO Act and to prevent teenage pregnancy,” said Kanoongo.
On the other hand, Marak said that this was done by some teachers, not by the union. The union has now received information that some teachers have done this. They have to publish their names even if they have a job because this has caused confusion among the teachers.
Both the arrested were remanded in police custody for five days.
He said that the courses at the university are on Business Administration, Policy Research and Data Sciences which are included in the law, which will help the students to be able to fight against the challenges of the country. I will come.
Thousands of ASHAs from all over the units of Rikhasi, Jaintia and Garo attended the meeting and completed the election of their new leaders.
On the part of the land owners and members of the CCIB, they appreciated the Deputy Commissioner, Bah Dkhar, for calling a meeting with the land owners before doing the work. “It's not like I'm going to be able to do that,” said Bah Marchiang.
Besides the Chief Minister and Speaker of the House, those who were present on the occasion were Lahkmen Rymbui, Hamletson Dohling, Reniktone L Tongkhar, James K Sangma. against Dr. Mukul Sangma.
How to improve the efficiency of workplaces in apprenticeship management is an easier task to manage.
The order of shops to open is also in accordance with the guidelines.
At the Shillong Death Fest 2, the bands will be performing heavy metal songs.
The areas they will visit during these days are Amjalong, Muktapur, Amsku, Nongkhen, Raijalong, Tamabil and Dawki.
In his speech, Bah Dino DG Dympep General Secretary of MPHRC said that it is surprising to know that the state government has not yet sent a letter to the central government to inform that the Khasi language and Garo is recognized as a synrop language in government offices.
At the meeting, the people also decided to form the Umroi Constituency People's Front (UCPF) with the following office bearers: Adviser: Bah SJ Nengnong, President: Bah BS Syiem, Vice President: Bah H. Hansa. , Mr. R.Chief; Secretary: Mr. Karbius Lyngdoh; Asst.Secretary: Bah Kyrshan Shadap, Publicity Secretary: D.Nongkseh; Chief Organizer: Bah G Lyngdoh; Organizing Secretary: Bah O.Masharing, Bah Naphanglin Nengnong, Bah R Kharsati; The UCPF invites all the residents of Umroi Constituency to join hands and support Bah MD Syiem. Umroi Constituency has been elected.
In the men's team event, the winners were East Khasi Hills District and South West Khasi Hills District.
In this regard, cooperation between the residents and the government is essential.
Shillong, July 04: As part of the visit of the 15th Finance Commission led by Chairman NK Singh to Meghalaya today, a meeting was held with members of the Trade and Industry Committee of the state.
This fund for those factories which have been selected for the fund will be released by the state government for the establishment of food processing factories.
After the new government under the leadership of the NPP party in 2018, they have decided to re-implement the power plant which was abandoned by the previous government although the cost has reached Rs. T.500/- wherever.
The Sur ki Nong Mawlai today protested against the government in front of the Secretariat to strongly condemn the demand for the temporary dismissal of the police chiefs who have been accused of involvement in the murder of u brought Chersey.
The bottling was implemented on an area of ​​29 acres and the foundation stone was laid by the Prime Minister on 10th June,
Speeches were also delivered by Bah Wallambok Syiemiong, Chairman, SSSS, Secretary Village of Rangthong, Bah K.Syiemlieh and Samla Pauldeep Tongwah, Secretary, Employment and Development Cell of KSU South West Khasi Hills District. Districts have expressed the same voice against the proposal to set up a Battalion Headquarters in Rangthong.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Minister said the government is taking seriously these incidents.
It seems that although everyone accepts that education is the foundation of empowerment – ​​worldwide only 49% have been able to bring equality between men and women in primary education, 42% in lower secondary, and 24% in upper secondary.
Shillong, Nailur 29: Bah Himalaya Shangpliang today launched a book written by Bah Drasting Marbaniang on Mawsynram at KHD Hall Mawkhar. Mawsynram Village"
Shillong, July 21: The KFJGP, HNYF and RBYF today staged a sit-in in front of the Additional Secretariat to protest against the construction of the railway line. This is the Khasi mountain.
Boomimerin CMarak, Dr Jova Marak, M.D.Shira, Tonti Marak, Jaynie N Sangma, Babyana M Sangma, Marilyne D.Shira, Roger Benny A Sangma and R DShira.
On the other hand, the Hima said that the Hima has laid down its own rules and regulations and anyone found violating the rules will be punished according to the law.
Speaking to reporters, the Vice President of the Seng Khasi Seng Kmie, Rgh RS Rumnong said that the Shad Suk Mynsiem 2024 will be the 113th Shad.
On the other hand, the Minister said that because the Assam government has neglected the state of Meghalaya, it has followed suit by setting up schools and providing drinking water in this way. that Assam has lost its own land.
Former Director General of Prisons Kulbir Singh has written nine letters to the state government demanding that Champion should be released from Shillong District Jail. there shall be a great commotion in that place, he said.
She said that the efforts of the Central Government are to strengthen the institution.
There are 6 cases in East Khasi Hills, 13 cases in Ri Bhoi, 9 cases in West Garo Hills and 1 case in West Jaintia Hills. Flood District.
Of the 11 cases, four cases have been confirmed in the state, one from East Khasi Hills, one from Ri Bhoi and one from West Garo Hills. total of 92207 people.
Shillong, July 26: Speaking at the 73rd Republic Day celebrations at Polo Ground, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangam, said that the government has seen that 70% of the work in the field of rural development has been completed. it is through the Blocks.
Regarding this resolution, to demand the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Eight Schedule of the Constitution of India is no longer necessary because the government has already done this. If the government doesn't, if you don't have a group, you have to go.
The union has found that the distribution of food items through the PMGKAY scheme to AAY and PHH households, there are places where kilograms of rice reach the dealers but some dealers have taken 1 or 2 tyngka. 10, 20 and 50 tyngka per kilogram per ration card holder.
The party sends a clear statement to all the leaders that they should look after and fulfill their duty for the good of the Jaidbynriew as a whole. for the Pateng to come.
The closure was due to the production of smoke and dust which could affect the health of the residents of the neighboring villages.
According to police sources, the fall of the coin was caused by the driver of the vehicle escaping and hitting the workers at the bottom of the vehicle.
However, in less than 10 years, India has moved from internationalism to internationalism, and is now fast becoming the foundation of a multilateral world.
Where will our people be able to earn a living and get jobs in their own country if all these have been taken over by foreigners?”, said Bah MH Dkhar.
Speaking to reporters after filing his nomination, he said that his contest for the MP election will be under the authority of the MDA government in which the UDP, NPP, PDF and HSPDP will participate. Referring to the Congress party, he said that the Congress party has nothing against the MDA government but has blamed the BJP. Referring to the CAB, Dr Mawthoh, UDP candidate, said that the Congress and the BJP have no difference. The Congress has done this since 1947 and the BJP is now bringing forward their claim that they are against CAB.
Therefore, as a senior leader, we urge that the rights of the citizens should not be misled.
If they violate these rules, their shops will be closed.
“This Public Hearing was held inside where only a few villagers were present.
The opening ceremony was attended by the President and General Secretary of KSU Mawlai Circle as well as members from various units of KSU Mawlai Circle.
As they say, the people who have a clean and healthy body are a precious asset to the state and the nation.
Shillong, Nailur 21: The Union Minister in charge of Social Justice and Empowerment, Dr. Virendra Kumar today said that the department under his jurisdiction is determined to bring about an inclusive society. to all the divyang.
Shillong, July 11: The Greater Laban Community Society (GCC) today honored Ankur Das, who passed the UPSC examination conducted by the Central Government for the year For three days, the students of Laban Bengoli Boys Higher Secondary School.
The union is shocked to learn from the family members of Samla Wanri Kordor Khyriem and Samla Manbha Kupar Kshiar that the Cantonment Police have released one of the robbers involved in this. Even after his arrest, the union demands that the police should arrest him immediately and punish severely all those involved in this incident.
Border Security Force (BSA) deployed at Tikrikila in West Garo Hills District have arrested a GNLA employee from Jungmait village.
The children's home has up to 30 beds and is part of the program to help especially those mothers who are single mothers who live by working and there are only a few government employees. who will come and lay their babies.
Two of those who filed their nomination papers today are Moonlight Parait and Qually Suiam.
Shillong, June 28: The IG of BSF, Sh Sudesh Kumar, IPS, today at a public meeting held at Dalu in South Garo Hills, said that the smuggling of Bangladeshis to the country has increased. India is the largest part of the Garo Hills.
Shillong, November 26: U Erwin K Sutnga, President of the Meghalaya People's Labor Union (MPLU), has sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma to protest against the appointment of MS Rao IAS as Chief Secretary of the Meghalaya People's Labor Union (MPLU). state.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Friday sent three more youths who have survived to drug addiction for treatment at the Alive Again Foundation, a rehabilitation center in Assam.
He asked how many of them know the suffering of the people of this region in the struggle for independence. He also mentioned Tirot Singh from Khasi Hills. , Kiang Nangbah from Jaintia Hills and Patogan Sangma from Garo Hills and other freedom fighters from other states.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The Election Committee of the United Democratic Party (UDP) today announced three more candidates for the 2018 MLA elections. Mr. Nujor is from Mowkaiaw and Mr. Mangara is from Umroi.
The demand for ILP is not new in 2015 but it has been in existence since
The President of the MPCC said that there is a fierce competition within the NPP party, the deadline is fierce, the competition is fierce and that is why they are trying to defeat the Congress candidates. They say that if they go to strengthen the party, the NPP doesn't work, they strengthen the party like the Congress and when they can, they go to the NPP. In fact, the Congress party has helped to increase the number of candidates but when he leaves they have to contest again.
Of this, 63% will be for rural households and households with BPL Card will fall under this scheme.
These youths of the village are Pynshngain Ora, Rangkynsai Myrthong, Pdiangsuklang Syngwan, Mary June Syngwan, Ilaris Youroi, Banraplang Marbaniang and Shankupar Ora.
At this public meeting, the NPP leader said that the Congress has treated Dr DD Lapang unfairly who has been in the party for 40 years.
The new building of the Parliament witnesses the same event, where the Adheenam (religious) will continue the completion and hand over of the Sengol to the Prime Minister.
It is also one of the best banks in the country, in just three years it has established 21 branches and has helped a lot to the youth. Hundreds of young people have been employed.
Shillong, March 29: All the previous governments and the present government have made a mistake in the development of the Sohra or Khasi language which we use in writing and education. The North Eastern Hills University (NEHU) has been introduced to the North Eastern Hills University (NEHU) but the spelling of the Khasi language has not yet been corrected due to the refusal of the Meghalaya government. to establish the State Sabha Academy as directed by the Sahitya Academy.
Meanwhile, in a statement sent today, Bah Sainkupar, General Secretary of the HNLC, said that the HNLC has no shortage of funds. Hills with Coke factories complain.
On the other hand, the GVK told the MPLU members that it is now up to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare to inform the MEMRIWU members of what they have discussed with the Minister.
Nalanda University has two Academic Blocks with 40 classrooms with a capacity of 1900 students.
It may be recalled that after the ban on logging in 1996, the government set up a High Level Committee and directed the District Councils in the state to have working plans, so that the land owners can get On this basis, the JHADC has prepared a working plan and issued temporary permission to the land owners to cut down the trees which ended on the 31st of this month. of October this year
This is a statute forever.
During this meeting, they were shown how to set up their own businesses.
The President said he was pleased to take part in the closing ceremony of the North East Festival which was held as part of the Azadi Amrit Mahotsav.
Therefore, the union urges the state government through the PWD department to take action to improve and clean up this road. authorities should not provide peace to the people of the area.
The NPP has 7 MDCs and the RDA has 10 MDCs, bringing the total to 17 MDCs. Shillong, Lber 02: The MDA in the government has 17 MDCs and has been able to form the EC. Shillong, Lber 02: In the MDC elections to KHADC, the people did not allow any party to form the EC, but the victory of only a few MDCs from many parties has led to the election. After the counting of votes today, the political party leaders have started talks among the party leaders to form an EC in KHADC. In KHADC, the UDP will be able to lead the EC with the support of the parties in the MDA government. 1-IND has 17 members to form the EC, which has 16 members in the 29-member Assembly.
However, the surprising thing is how this can happen when the discoloration and death of fish often happens only during the dry season.
To hold the third annual meeting of the Youth Wing, Women's Wing, Civil Society, Leaders, Village Dorbar, Raid Dorbar and Himapor Dorbar Rulers at 11 am at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar, Shillong. , to discuss the period of sixty-five (65) years for the fulfillment of treaties and promises since the adoption of the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement on 17th August 1948 by the Government of India.
Harish Chandra Chaudhary, IFS, Principal Secretary to the Governor, Additional Director, NCC, NE Region, Maj Gen.
Shillong, June 27: The Meghalaya government today issued an order ban ban the import of pigs from abroad to Assam and Arunachal Pradesh from tomorrow morning due to the death of pigs in Assam and Arunachal Pradesh.
Police have arrested all three suspects.
The Bangladesh border officials have arrived in Shillong to attend the 133rd Joint Boundary Conference between Meghalaya and Bangladesh. Bangladesh tournament which was held in Shillong today and will end tomorrow.
On the other hand, Prestone said that those who come from other parts of India should understand that the quarantine will be 14 days at places prepared by the village or government and 14 days they will have to stay. do it in your homes for 28 days.
The special vaccination campaign for children in the state will be held for the third time from today and will end in July.
Now there is a lot of opportunity for the economy to grow.
Bah Shylla said that all the works should be suspended while the joint inspection by all three authorities has not been completed.
The meeting was convened as part of the Drug Reduction Elimination and Action Mission (DREAM) which will be implemented from July 2023. The aim is to free Meghalaya from drug abuse through the collaboration of many parties. to eradicate drug trafficking in the state.
Guwahati, March 09: The Union Minister of State for Home Affairs and Cooperation, Amit Shah today chaired the 70th Plenary Meeting of the North Eastern Council in Guwahati, Assam.
He also urged the youth of the state to contribute to the construction of a strong country.
We need the joint efforts of various Kur organizations, village authorities, government authorities, especially the District Council which is responsible for preserving the customs and traditions of the jaitbynriew to take action to pass laws or introduce them. Strict laws to be implemented on marriage to avoid marriage.
On the other hand, the BJP, although it has not had any leaders in the Legislative Assembly after the departure of Bah AL Hek to join the Congress, has not had any leaders in this election. The candidate has now been selected to contest this election.
He was indeed one of the leaders of the mining industry in Bangladesh.
The State Government has taken two resolutions in the Legislative Assembly, one on the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the first schedule of the Constitution of India and the other on the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Constitution of India. The ILP should be implemented in Meghalaya.
The Syiem said that as the Syiem, the purpose of the presence is to encourage the raids when they have a ritual especially the Raid Mylliem, especially the four kurs and one kur who have completed the ritual. their kingdom shall be orderly and free from trouble as usual.
During the inspection, we found that this family does not have their own house and at present they have been temporarily accommodated by the neighbors.
On the part of the churches, they expressed their gratitude to the Minister in charge of Parliamentary Affairs, Martin M Danggo, the Leader of the Opposition, Dr Donkupar Roy, Bah T Chyne, Dr Jemino Mawthoh, and Bah HS Shylla MDC, CEM of KHADC Bah Pynshngainlang Syiem who have taken part in the implementation of this amendment.
For more than a month and a half, the robbers have tried to rob all the people, but the police have been able to arrest the people who are suspected to be involved in the crimes but not In the midst of these hard work, there are still people who want to improve the work of the police in another way.
The provision of affordable health care is the cornerstone of Prime Minister Duh's vision for a healthy country.
The CEM informed the House that according to AD rule 47 (1) and 47(2) stipulates that the remaining issues can be brought back in another session.
After resigning as president of the FKJGP, Sounder formed his own party, the People Democratic Movement (PDM) which won three MLAs and himself was elected president of the FKJGP. He is the MDC of Mylliem Constituency.
Arju Dkhar, Vice President of CCORMAU, told reporters that this is not the first time that MeECL employees have been suspended. they were made to march out in protest.
The Seng has taken this step to ensure that the village and the Khasi Hills will be free from the illegal infiltration of foreigners, said a statement from the Seng.
The houses were built specifically for the shooting of this movie.
The audience was also entertained by songs and many people from the area came to listen.
The monthly allowance shall not be less than 3000 tyngka.
He said that the reason for taking this decision to hold the 4th November is not the day of honor of the farmers' dorbar bah in
Thus, it is an invisible object that cannot be touched or touched.
Speaking to reporters, CEM of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla said that the decision was taken to write to the state government to take back the bill because it applies to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District. Act 2005 and this has been amended in the Amendment Bill
The Iconic Week under Azadi Amrit Mahotsavla is being celebrated by the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting across the country to showcase the unity of traditional beliefs and the achievements of the freedom struggle and the aspirations of the youth, a new India.
Lyngdkhoi said the statement by the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma to prevent the influx of foreigners by implementing the Tenancy Act is wrong.
The JYF will watch out for this decision of the government and will not stand idly by if the government does not punish these companies as stated by the Minister of Forest.
He said one of the purposes of the government's ban on the Internet is to prevent the NPP's defeat in the 2023 elections.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister stressed the need to strengthen the education system in schools according to the present era in order to promote economic development and the The State Government has also worked with other groups from the country and the world in many areas in the field of health and environment.
Police in East Jaintia Hills District today received a tip that a man named Jospeh had left Aizwal for Guwahati with drugs. you're right.
This college has also benefited greatly in eradicating the backwardness of the girls of the Khasi people.
In her speech, the President said that the North East has many opportunities for the development of sports and athletes.
Shillong, Nailur 07: Shillong Police have arrested several members of the KSU from across the city on charges of involvement in illegal activities.
The election of the new MLA from this constituency will be held on 30th March 2021. Meghalaya has three constituencies which will elect their leaders in the mid-term elections this month.
Speeches were delivered by the village leaders of Syad Rit and Syad Heh, Bah Sumarlang Mawlong Ranger, Forest Department, Ferdynald Kharkamni President, KSU NKHDU and After the programme, a tree planting ceremony was held in the presence of schools, residents and employees of the Forest Department.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, the Dy CM expressed his surprise and promised to talk to the SP to send for the removal of the BSF camp. , said that it has been 5-6 years since the BSF camp was established in the area.
The reintroduction of cheetahs to the wild is a step towards correcting mistakes and fulfilling our responsibility for Mission LiFE. world.
When the doctors at Ganesh Das Hospital treated the child, they found that the child was now poor.
Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh explained the purpose of the Union Minister's visit to the meeting.
Compared to Guwahati, Meghalaya needs good roads, health facilities and education facilities, said the four resigned MLAs. Shillong, November 14: U Bah Apbor Nognrum President of HITO Ri Bhoi District on Tuesday said that the party wants the government to move forward. The Election Commission of India (ECI) has issued a notice on 4th November
The winners of the lucky draw can collect their prizes within 30 days by telephoning
Everyone should wear a 3-ply cloth mask or N-95 at all times.
Shillong, Lber 23: The Meghalaya Legislative Assembly today approved 31 grants for which the government has requested more funds from the Legislative Assembly to spend on the needs of government departments by 31/Lber
Speaking to reporters, Conrad said that people have already been appointed to investigate and the government's announcement on the independent commission of inquiry will be issued today or tomorrow morning. rest.
At the same time, the District Administration has banned the rally or procession.
Speech was also delivered by one of her daughters, who said that her husband is a man who loves music and spends time with his daughters to listen to music.
Union Minister in charge of Sports, Information & Broadcasting, Anurag Singh Thakur and Minister of State for Sports, Nisith Pramanikki were also present.
Prime Minister Duh praised the role of the NEC in the development of the North East and said that the celebration of the golden jubilee of the NEC comes during the Azadi Amrit Mahotsav. walk now.
The KSU strongly condemns this behavior of the police chief in Ri Bhoi District.
The KHNAM has also sent a complaint to the Meghalaya Medical Council demanding that an inquiry be conducted into the incident at NEIGRIHMS Hospital which led to the death of a 23-year-old woman. to lose his own life.
Pyndap Saibon President of KHNAM said that it is necessary to speak the truth that many of the leaders who have spoken and expressed the need for ILP but when they become leaders they have changed.
Eureka F.P.Lyngdoh31          Mawthadraishan – ST      Boldness L.Nongum32            Nongstoin – ST  Adviser Pariong33              Rambrai Jyrngam – 3 ST                Ma             Methodius Dkhar35          Ranikor – ST         Martin M.Danggo36         8 Mawkyrwat – ST              Rowell Lyngdoh Kha                                                               ST 37           ST      Mendipathar – ST             Frankenstein Momin39 Resubelpara – ST               Salseng C.Marak40            Bajengdoba – ST                 Adolf Lu Hitler R.Marak41            Songsak – ST                                                   Songsak – ST                                           Bajengdoba – ST                    Sengnam Marak43          William Nagar – ST          Smt.
In a letter sent today, they expressed their dissatisfaction with the change of name without accepting the request of the party.
The 292-member NDA will meet the President of India today to acknowledge that there is a majority and to form a government.
According to information received, the cow herder, a resident of Assam, drowned while transporting cows across the Umsiang River on July 24,
The District Magistrate has declared Shiliang Jashar as a containment area from Saturday 3/10/2
Speaking to media after the Cabinet meeting, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that the purpose of this policy is to look after the maintenance of roads, such as scheduled maintenance, maintenance with urgent work and maintenance that has to be done.
In his speech, the Governor mentioned all the government projects that the government has done and is preparing to do in this fiscal year.
The most important thing is that we must follow the Diengjat first.
The Ministry of Tourism in collaboration with the Ministry of Home Affairs and the Bureau of Police Research and Development (BPR&D) has held a National Conference of Directors General, DG/IGs of Police of all the States and UTs regarding the implementation of the Uniform Tourist Police Scheme, on 19th March 2022 at Vigyan Bhawan, New Delhi.
Lyngdoh Ioannis War Pakma quoted from the famous writers of the Khasi people to express the vision of the Khasi people through their writings, especially the symbols of the poet Soso Tham, Rabon Singh Kharsuka and others.
In a mere three months of intensive training and preparation, Mebanrilang underwent a remarkable transformation – evolving from a small-town enthusiast to the overall champion of the prestigious 5th Meghalaya Games.
As part of explaining to the people, the Dorbar FKS has also decided to urge all the Hima/Elaka Khasi Jaintia to hold Hima Dorbars to explain to the people about the lack of recognition by the Government of India of the Dorbar Synshar Shnong. , Door Door, Door Raid and Door Hima.
I have been nominated by the Dorbar Shnong Tuber Kmai Shnong as a whole, so I have already reached out to the village leaders who have also agreed to this ticket (BJP).
The Air Fest of the Army will continue tomorrow morning and the purpose of the Air Fest is to encourage the youth of the area to join this honorable service. to protect the Ri.
The state of Goa has a total area of ​​3,702 sq.kms and a population of 14,58,5
This incident, perhaps in the early hours of the morning, could have escaped tragedy or death.
Meanwhile, the General Secretary of the party in charge of the state, Luizinho Faleiro, will visit Meghalaya on Friday to meet with all the 29 MLAs of the party. Congress and at the same time to campaign for the party candidate Bah Vincent Pala.
First of all, there will be displacement and not growth.
The workshop on the first day ended on 24th October 2023 where Sumita Dawra, Special Secretary, Logistics, DPIIT, Government of India put forward the following requests to the States and UTs: Use the NMP/SMP to prepare work on all property projects; Improve the monitoring and verification of information contained in the SMP; Focus on the development of the income centers in the North East through the development of resources and logistics.
He said the main question in our minds is how to protect the third round.
The purpose of the Yatra is to get closer to the people, to hear about the problems of the people and to listen to the opinions of the people.
Sanbor's remarks came after Sanbor alleged that the Sitting Congress MP from Shillong, Vincent H Pala, has never done anything for the constituency but has spent his time in the constituency for three years. in Parliament.
Bindo M Lanong, Senior Vice President of the UDP party, while speaking to reporters after the meeting with the Chief Minister, said that during the meeting with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, The three issues include the Railway, the border with Assam and the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Eight Schedule.
There are 99 recoveries from Ri Bhoi, 29 from Ri Bhoi, 28 from East Garo Hills, 28 from East Khasi Hills, 5 from West Garo Hills, 4 from West Jaintia Hills and 2 from South West Garo Hills. The total number of recoveries is
On the other hand, as the MLA of this area, he promised to cooperate to ensure that this area will be of benefit to the people.
The opening ceremony was attended by Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court Sanjib Banerjee, Minister of Education Rakkam A. Sangma, Vice Chancellor of the University, Prof Indrajit Dube and other other.
Besides, the self-employed people in every village of Shillong and around the surrounding villages from the rural areas came in large numbers to support the demand for human rights.
On the other hand, the Director said that the two-day closure of the main Secretariat has made it easier for the health department to identify those who have close contact with these people.
The terms of reference of the Expert Committee are to review the Reservation Policy and to provide comments.
This did not end there, he resigned from his post and took the initiative to do something to free the children in India from slavery.
The party wishes Mayveen Marbaniang and his family all the best and this will be an honor to the nation.
The Prime Minister said that the people of India should be informed about the freedom fighters of India from all over India, including those from the North East and south of India. in India.
: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday sought clarification from the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, A. Baranwal on the relocation of the BSF check post at Sonapyrdi.
According to information received by the SP News Agency, the District Council Department has prepared for the issuance of the electoral roll for the JHADC and KHADC under rule 129(I). long on 8/1/2
Police said the Gypsy Maruti had registration number ML05-K-9
Mawthoh said that this morning there is only a visit to the site, and there will be another meeting with the political parties after collecting all the information.
He said that up to T.41 lakh has been spent in addition to the T.1 crore that has already been spent.
ECI REQUIRES POLITICAL PARTIES TO RESPECT OTHERS WHEN SPEAKING IN ELECTION CAMPAIGN: In view of the incidents of decline in political speeches in the recent elections, the Election Commission of India All political parties have been directed to maintain dignity and be vigilant in their public speeches and also to promote speeches in political activities according to 'issues'
The investigation and arrest of the HNLC member has led to the arrest of others involved in the bomb blast and the police have arrested other members of the HNLC.
About 600 people received assistance and medicines distributed by the BSF under their supervision.
Shillong, Nailar 31: Police on Tuesday received a complaint from Umiam Police Station that Banwarilal, manager and cashier of Ms Vishal Saw Mill, Umiam, has been arrested. Ri Bhoi District has resigned.
Shillong, Nailar 17: Police in East Jaintia Hills District today said that they have recovered the body of an unidentified elderly man from Maibon village, Sutnga district.
The union has suggested to check vehicles entering the state from time to time, to cooperate with the BSF, Custom and to fight against smuggling. drugs.
Shillong, June 20: Meghalaya has 46 Community and Rural Development Block and the NERGS scheme has been implemented through blocks across the state and this has benefited the villagers in terms of development works.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Bah Wahlang said that their visit was to explain that the Khasi Seng is an organization that preserves its own customs and traditions. They have nothing to do with the Khasi Hima Mawsynram.
The state police have arrested Deka and he is now in the custody of the police for further investigation.
In Shillong, the KSU Students Union (NESO) has held a candlelight vigil at Khyndailad to pray for peace in Manipur which has been in the midst of bloodshed for more than 10 months. exceed.
The use of technology in economic development, inclusion and elimination of corruption, ease of doing business and improvement of people's lives can be examples for other countries. .
On the other hand, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, after consultation with the doctors and staff of the PHC, said that he as an MLA and at the same time as a Minister of State will raise the issue. to the State Government to talk to the Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare so that the existence of this PHC will be a blessing for the residents of the area as a whole.
Jowai, July 14: The JYF is surprised to learn that the government intends to dismiss the DC West Jaintia Hills, Bah PS Dkhar before the term of office of the Government. The DC has been working for only 11 months since he assumed office as the District Chief, said Bah P.Majaw President of JYF. Some selfish people, who do not have the responsibility for the development and governance of the District as a whole, are quick to send away without completing However, according to the working methods of DC Bah PS Dkhar, he has been found to be sufficient and properly performing the duties as stipulated in the u, when he took over the post only 11 months ago, the fruits of his hard work have spread throughout the district.
Synrem said that the union has also found that these employees of the SMB who work as road cleaners or garbage collectors have been their source of income. their rights are passed from father to son and so on.
New Delhi, Nailar 16: The Rashtriya Uchattar Shiksha Abhiyan (RUSA) in its recommendation that one university should not merge more than 200 colleges has been sent to various universities in the country.
During the meeting, Bah Sanbor requested the Minister of Home Affairs to increase the STR by 0.27 and this will help to reduce the cost of living for those who occupy the land. the Cantonment.
On the claim that it will be difficult for Martin M Danggo if the mid-term elections come, Bah Nongrem, one of Martin's leaders, said that all the elections are difficult. You are the general election or the mid-term election.
Under these guidelines, to come into force from 1st March, 2020, other jobs have been opened.
There are 2449 cases in East Khasi Hills.
The main objective of the campaign is to spread the mindset in Ri Bhoi District on voluntary blood donation.
“The ICCCs provide information through the use of technology and show the officers in charge of this case that they can deal with daily activities, problems or emergencies through detailed SOPs. ," he said.
The death toll has risen to 652 in East Khasi Hills, 7 cases in East Khasi Hills, 1 case in Ri Bhoi and 1 case in East Jaintia Hills.
It may be recalled that at the 1North East Olympic Games 2018 in Manipur she won one gold medal and now she has received a lot of credit to all those who have taken part in the development of sports.
A fishing competition at Pamphyrnai Pond in West Khasi Hills, has brought sad news, where a woman has died due to a traffic jam and not reaching the hospital in time. The baby was born inside the car and after a while the baby died.
In his speech, the Governor, Ranjit Shekhar Mooshahary, said that the greatest achievement is how the future of the children has been shaped to become intelligent in many fields.
CVS Reddy, currently Deputy Inspector General of Police (WR), Tura, has been transferred as Deputy Inspector General of Police, CID, Shillong, Siddharth Kumar Ambedkar, Superintendent. Jagpal Singh Dhanoa, Superintendent of Police, has been transferred to the post of Commandant, 5th MLP Bn, Samanda. Ri-Bhoi District.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: The Minister of State for Tribal Affairs, Renuka Singh today conducted a meeting to review the schemes of the Central Government through the Tribal Affairs Department in the presence of the Minister of Home Affairs, James PK Sangma, Minister of State for Law and Energy in Meghalaya.
This beating and bombing by the police of the members of the party shows the ruthlessness of the law enforcement agencies.
BJP candidate Shibun Lyngdoh will contest from the Shillong Parliamentary seat.
Nangkiew Irat thus end a terrible season dead last in the standings with just 3 points from a win against Sawmer SC.They are tied with Nongthymmai SC on points but the latter have head-to-head advantage.
Shillong, July 14: There are 189 new cases of COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, 1 case in East Jaintia Hills and 1 case in East Khasi Hills. Hills 137, Ri Bhoi 18, South Garo Hills 1, South West Khasi Hills 3, West Garo Hills 22, West Jaintia Hills 4, West Khasi Hills
The word 'trai' as in 'pyrshang' should be replaced by the original word 'pyrshang' because it is confused with the original word 'trai' which means the masters who do not own anything; The word 'saiñ' as in 'soi' should be replaced by the root 'soi' because it is confused with the root word 'saiñ' which means to spread something.
Some of those who were trained by him have achieved top ranks in the All India Trade Test examination.
Now it is up to the government to implement the recommendation of the HLC. The recommendation of the HLC is fair, transparent and free of any violence and illegal activities.
The HNLC has decided to reach a peace talks with the government. If there is an allegation that the HNLC does not want peace, The party is ready to show the letters it has already written to the government on the desire for peace talks.
The market dwellers have gathered at the entrances such as Stand Jeep and many from YMCA Mawkhar to wait for the opening of the market at 12.00 pm. The curfew has been lifted only in Police Bazaar and Anjelee.
The introduction of these seven players will help to strengthen Lajong in the game.
The results will be announced on the 10th of this month.
The union also urges all the residents of War Jaintia to be disciplined at this time and to cooperate with the government authorities so that it will be successful and free from this Covid 19 pandemic.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: The four-day Shillong Creative Arts Festival-2012 was inaugurated by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma in the presence of the Governor of Meghalaya, RS Mooshahary.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Peter said that since he was a member of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) when Bull N. Lyngdoh was President, he has been a member of the KSU. He said that the time has come for him to enter the political arena so that he can advocate for the cause of the people. of the nation.
On the 11th of this month, Tarson Lymba, 58, leader of the HNYF, was arrested from Dawki while Ebakordor Nongpluh, 26, was arrested from Shillong. Malki area in connection with the incident.
Latiplang Kharkongor MDC of Madanriting also strongly condemned the incident and demanded that the perpetrators should be arrested immediately according to the law.
All these roads are located around the uranium deposit.
“In politics there are always various incidents and as the people we don't know if there is any truth that you blame the VPP and others who support other parties can shout the same at our meetings. (but) we cannot prove that they are members of those parties because there is no proof because they (NPP) have already arrested them.
Assam's move through the NRC is due to the large number of immigrants in the state especially from Bangladesh where in just 10 years 12 districts out of 34 indigenous districts have become small. crowd.
The residents of Umden area who came to the scene also carried placards to shout slogans against the Government led by the National People's Party (NPP), the Minister. Chief Minister Conrad Sangma, Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong and Superintendent of Police East Khasi Hills Ritu Raj Ravi have been arrested on charges of robbery at Bindas' house on the night of the 9th of this month.
Shillong, Nailar 12: A tree has fallen on the ground floor of Raj Bhavan at around 4 pm today and three taxis have collapsed. Two people were killed and two others injured in the incident.
This is the time of calling, this is the time to think and the time to rebuild, all those who have spoken of patriotism but how many have spoken for the country, this is the twentieth century and knowledge has begun to rule even in this nation, but sadly, knowledge and responsibility has begun to decline and begin to decline.
The union has also vowed to immediately stop the transportation of diesel, petrol, kerosene and gas cylinders from the 24th of this month if the two state governments fail to meet their demands. .
Shillong, Nailar 3: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) today met with the Minister of Animal Husbandry, Bah AL Hek to express their opposition to the government's plan to allocate land in Upper Shillong for the relocation of animals. Anjalee Petrol Pump.
In connection with this incident, the police have conducted an investigation to find out who was involved in this robbery.
The Regimental Center also celebrated the Yoga Day at the Assam Regimental Centre, Happy Valley, Shillong with the participation of more than 100 officers, 800 soldiers and 150 members of the NCC. Major General SK Dutta, Officer General Officer Commanding, 101 Area was the special guest on the occasion.
On the other hand, the Chairman of the school said that this is a warning to all those who want to say that they will escape the hands of the law even if they have done wrong against the girls.
Until now, there are still hundreds of coal trucks carrying the goods to different parts of the District, the State and even to Assam without stopping.
Shillong, Nailur 10: The six-day session of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya started today. The three-day session of the Legislative Assembly has been approved by the Legislative Assembly. three days for the opposing parties.
e.8–10March 2013 there will also be various programs including exhibitions, women craftsmen workshop cum demonstration, panel discussion on women empowerment and also cultural programmes.
These candidates, who have received training in various fields, will promote efforts to control the spread and treatment of people infected with the disease in quarantine facilities, isolation centers and hospitals set up from for this purpose.
Such people will also be arrested and punished according to the law because it has been learned that these people are trying to release the coal trucks without thew at the government thew and this lack of thew has caused to the loss of the government.
Speaking on the issue of travel, the Chief Minister said that by the end of April, flights from Delhi to Shillong and Shillong to Delhi will start and this will help to boost tourism. “There will be one from Mumbai and Hyderabad,” he said.
On this day all the priests, pastors and religious leaders reminded the Christians why Jesus came to this earth.
Shillong, November 09: To protest against the authority of the Central Government to pass the Citizenship Amendment Bill, 2019 now COMSO has protested against the BJP office at Bivar Road Shillong in Shillong, and the KSU has burnt down the tyngshop of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Home Minister. Amit Shah at Student Square.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina held a meeting in Dhaka on Friday night to discuss three issues. agriculture, electricity and tourism.
In the test on Friday, only two of the seven cases were positive.
Meanwhile, in South West Khasi Hills, BSF arrested a Khar Bangladeshi at Rajai village and recovered money and a knife from him.
Other NPP leaders who attended the election rally were Nihim D. Shira, NPP candidate Clement G. Momin, Thomas Sangma, CEM of GHADC Dipul Marak, Deputy CEM. Dolly K. Marak, Bajengdoba MLA, Pongseng Marak, Rakkam A. Sangma MLA, former BJP candidate Bakul Hajong and others.
Referring to the assistance from the government in relation to these sports activities, he said it is sad that many of the participants in such sports activities are unable to pay from their own pockets.
Answering a question whether it is possible to have one country, one election and a Uniform Civil Code as rumored, the Rajya Sabha MP from Meghalaya said that he has not yet received any information.
During the search, BSF troops seized up to 50 bags of clothes from the area.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Metbah said that the law has stipulated that the investigating officers should be the officers who are still in office and not those who have retired. The UDP does not support the demand of the VPP. “We cannot support what they (the VPP) demand because their demand is not legitimate,” he said.
In his speech, MDC Balajied Rani said that it is sad to know that there are minority communities in Assam like the Deori community. This festival is one of the ways to preserve our culture.
This comes after the demand of the HYC to close down 148 illegal households in Them Metor, Them ïew Mawlong according to RTI. Urban Affairs and SMB to complete the investigation into the RTI. He said that as there has been a terrible fire in the past years, the Director of Urban Affairs has In 2008 and 2009, he directed MUDA to conduct a new survey with the participation of those households in Them Metor, which they have already done.
From here, development opportunities abound and return through the income and happiness of the country’s farmers and fishermen.
The meeting was attended by the Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong, the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) led by the CEM PN Syiem. The Council was led by Moonlight Parait CEM and the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council was led by Dipul R Marak CEM. The Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'im Phrestar Manik Syiem from the Union of Rangbah Shnongs led by Dr W Kharlukhi, Bah Samuel Jyrwa Chairman of NESO were also present. KSU, FKJGP, HYNF and other civil society organizations were present on the occasion.
Conrad said that all these incidents seem to be personal hatred and such incidents should be removed from the world because it affects the development of the state. The officers know the law but they have to do it even if they see that there is something wrong.
On the other hand, the RPF Police have taken special measures to monitor the movement of people and to ensure that the traffickers and the fight against these criminals and to protect the passengers by rail.
The CEM's office has also issued a decision that it is not permissible to give jait to the father or to the mother.
This was announced by the Commissioner and Secretary of the Government of Meghalaya in charge of the Personnel and Administrative Reforms Cell.
The team will investigate the reasons why these rebel groups have emerged and caused suffering to the people in Garo Hills, such as the GNLA, ANVC (B), UALA, LAEF and others.
From Tura, the candidates are Agatha K. Sangma, the incumbent NPP Sitting MP from Tura.
Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, the Minister of Home Affairs said that the decision has been taken to restructure the SF-10 force in the state. you are in the state.
On the part of the union, we strongly condemn these actions of the District authorities without consulting the people of the area and without consulting with the Village Leaders or Sengbhalang from the District before requesting or seeking land for the troops.
The same incident happened a few months ago when the KJP Girls Higher Secondary School in Mission Compound collapsed and the fire brigade could not reach the scene. rung because the road is too narrow.
The first ever Women's Tournament of Zone II was attended by four parishes including Pynthorumkhrah, Mawpat, Nongmynsong, Cathedral and Nongthymmai under the leadership of Spiritual Director of the Union of Sohblei Edward Sten. and the office bearers were Priscilla Kharnaior, President.
Besides these items, during the search of the house of the man, police also seized two pistols wrapped in plastic.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: Assam Police today raided Ummalli village, located near Nonglang village near Langpih in West Khasi Hills District. tied and bombed pathar the people on this day in which many people were injured.
: The HSPDP on Tuesday submitted a petition to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma urging the Government of Meghalaya together with the three Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) to They will not allow the implementation of the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) in Meghalaya.
It was on this day, 23rd November 1899, that seven Kynrem, Lyngdan, great thinkers, great thinkers, nine Bah Ryngtieh under the leadership of Rangmon Rajmon Roy Nongrum as the first Chairman and President of the Khasi Seng. and Rangbah Chandranard Dkhar, Secretary, who have made the Seng Khasi the bloodline.
Such incidents will affect the rule of law in the state as the government has violated the rules and regulations.
Mawsynram Police Station has registered the incident.
Thrina demanded that the Rangbah Shnong should clarify the matter within a day and if he does not do so she will go to the law enforcement authorities to lodge a complaint against her eviction.
He said our love for God in secret should be manifested through our love and help to others in public and we have the goal “Orphans, poor families and people with disabilities We Hope Foundation is the field of work of the We Hope Foundation and it is through the collaboration with the KDA that they have chosen to provide assistance to this poor family in Diengsyiang.
Shillong, March 25: A group of Chief Executive Members today submitted a memorandum to the Union Minister of State for Small Paid Affairs, V Kishore Chandra Deo. The Chiefs demanded that the Khasi, Garo and Jaintia should be included in the 13th Schedule of India to allow for a Council of Chiefs without any party.
Kishan has scored 937 runs in the Ranji Trophy and the one day Vijay Hazare Trophy, including a double century for the 2023-24 season. In the Ranji Trophy, he finished ninth in the list of top scorers in the country.
This interim budget contains a declaration and action plans that outline the roadmap and development activities for the transformation of India into Viksit Bharat before
Ed and B.Ed Ambrose Ch Marak promised to postpone the date and the dates of the examination will be announced publicly.
Shillong, Naiwieng 5: On the opening day of the Synrai Dorbar, the State Government has introduced three Bills and two Amendments which have been passed by the House. the last day of the meeting.
Peter & Paul and is the fourth parish after Mawpat Parish.
Nomination Forms can be obtained from this office.
“How they criticize) without knowing the facts and without knowing the number of people living in that area (Them Iewmawlong,” said Prestone.
Speaking to media at his office, he said, “The government has taken great action to prevent the infiltration of foreigners. “The work on the entry and exit points in Ri Bhoi District will start in the coming days,” he said.
To preserve the identity and identity of the Khasi language, the organizations in the area have demanded that the Assam government should recognize the teaching of the Khasi language in primary schools. but now they have not done what they wanted.
The Integrated Hospitality and Convention Center will have a convention hub, accommodation, food stalls and others.
The Ministry of Education understands the contribution of the SSA staff and the success of the SSA programs in the State.
On this occasion, the Minister said that why the state does not have a Medical College and an Engineering College in the state, where the children have to be sent abroad. The state to go to school, this is due to the lack of vision in the past.
These studies can be either in the field of science or in the field of technology for the continent of East Asia and South East Asia.
Baghmara is the largest wildlife sanctuary in Garo Hills with an area of ​​only 0.02 sq kms. The Siju Wildlife Sanctuary is in South Garo Hills with an area of ​​5.18 sq kms. Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary is located in the area of ​​59.90 Sq Kms.
On the eve of July 26, 2024, the Customs Department held an awareness program at Kendriya Vidayalaya GC, Agartala.
Shabong said that after receiving information that the village has not allowed the owners of the houses to bring in foreign workers, the HYC has gone to inspect these works. HYC Sohiong has ordered the owners of the houses to send these foreign workers back to their villages. their.
The nine BOP sites where the BOP has not been installed are one at Mooriap BOP, one at Mukroh BOP and one at Tihwieh BOP in West Jaintia Hills District.
The Prime Minister's Office posted on X: “Meeting with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangmaia, Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Regarding the Ratacherra gate, the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District will convene a meeting tomorrow morning in the presence of the police to discuss how to prevent the entry of people from Assam. after the NRC was issued in the area.
On the other hand, Brening A Sangma said in the House that it is difficult for the people of the area to travel to Tura due to the distance of the place. The Aadhaar Card has to be sent to Tura.
In the fight against COVID-19, the Central Government has allocated T.48 crore.
The Seng Kynthei Mawlai Pyllun under her leadership has received an award from the Central Government for the ability of the SKMP to ensure that the ration consumers get good and nutritious food.
The competition will be for those students who are studying in grades 7 to
He said the central government has rejected four times the demand of Meghalaya to ban the entry of foreigners, the first in 1973, the second in 1986 and the third in and fourthly, the decision of the House on 19/12/2019 to implement the ILP. Answering questions regarding the case currently in the Supreme Court on the ILP. ILP, Bah Kharjahrin said that this will not conflict with this demand because the demand for ILP will now be in the whole state.
On the other hand, the Congress leaders said that the party candidate will win this time as well.
The CEM will inform the Central Government whether it will accept or not the decision of the KHADC. These days, the CEM has met with the heads of the KHADC. NHIDC Ltd together with Bah Vincent H Pala and Tura MP Conrad.
This day also marks the one-month anniversary of the start of work.
The turnout in 1-Shillong (ST) Parliamentary Constituency was 73.78% and the turnout in 2019 was 65.68% and an increase of 8.1%.
Gifts and other gifts were also distributed so that the children can use them in their education.
(Res.
In the 1962 Chinese War, he said he was in the 4Division and in this war he was in Tawang now part of Arunachal Pradesh. After being reunited, they were sent to Ambala, which was then Punjab.
The award winners were Bah Sniawbhalang Rangad, Commandant, Border Wing Home Guards Battalion, Shillong and Omar Thomson Shangpliang, Commandant, Border Wing Home Guards Battalion, Shillong. , Merinpole Koksi Sangma, Warder, District Jail, Shillong, Bransley Sohphoh, Naik.
The KHNAM State Youth Wing is against and will continue to oppose the mining of uranium in the state.
In this regard, Prestone said that the door is still open if the people wish to come and meet the government after the 15th of this month.
He said that it has been seen from the past that it is only through peace that any country can develop in all aspects.
In a statement, Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh said that the new parishes to be opened include Mawiong, Mawtawar, Umpling, Nongrah and Madanrting.
FIITJEE is training students to prepare themselves for various examinations according to the current job market and this training will be online across India.
Meghalaya was led by retired Justice C.Vaiphei and Assam was led by Justice Kumi Rani Phukan. only one team of inquiry, but it is because of this area which is in the midst of dispute because of the violence of Assam that the two Governments have appointed their own Commission and expressed their own opinion.
He said there is a difference between the CAB, 2016 and the CAB 2019, but the CAB prepared by the central government has not exempted the entire state of Meghalaya, it exempts only 97% while 3% of the areas like Jail Road, Police Bazar, Revenue Land and Cantonment will be implemented.
The SPC will provide assistance as much as possible for the family members of the victim.
The meeting was attended by Paiem Phrester Manik Syiemlieh, Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima & Vice-President of the Federation of Khasi States. , Minister of Nongkhlaw Hima, and Bah Spiton Kharakor, Adviser, Killing Dorbar (Ri-Bhoi District), (SP News).
Shillong, November 03: People who go to NEIGRIHMS for medical treatment have been in trouble because four small buses have been banned from coming to Motphran for almost three months.
All the candidates of the party were present at the meeting which was held at Plo today and thousands of party supporters came from all over the country to attend the meeting.
Furthermore, there is also the Rules 2015, which states that the Syiem and the Dorbar can issue a NOC for a Building Permit. At the same time, the Hima Mylliem authorities have not enacted their own Building Bye Law.
On the other hand, the army explained that they did this to intimidate the people as they were threatened.
Regarding the cases of rape, he said that these cases should be reported to the police in time. trouble.
The Commission headed by CEC Rajiv Kumar together with ECs Gyanesh Kumar and Sukhbir Singh Sandhuka has held meetings with the DG, Narcotics Control Bureau to take measures to ensure the action of the Nodal Officers of the NCB. , confirmed the involvement of the DRI, Indian Coast Guard, police forces in the states and other groups in the ongoing elections.
He said that this project is for the revival of the forest cover today.
These vehicles were seized from Amlarem and when questioned by the BSF, these 11 persons failed to produce proper documents to prove that the smuggling will take place within India.
This is the first time that Mawnai Village has awarded this "First Education Award" the purpose of this program is to encourage those students who come forward in the examinations and to give Encourage and encourage the students from Mawnai and especially to encourage the students who pass well and receive awards to work hard and strive to improve in their studies.
In this regard, the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) has issued a letter stating that the construction of the 14-storey building should be stopped and ordered to seek permission from MUDU according to the rules. building code regulations.
The opening speech was delivered by Sariga Agarwal Synrem, the welcome speech was delivered by Arunkumar Kembhavi from the Revenue Department and the meeting was conducted by Bah Leo Khongsit. Joint Commissioner of the State Revenue Department.
The Home Minister has made it clear that the government under the leadership of the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, will not forgive those who fight against and bring trouble and affect the unity of the country. but they shall use the powers of the law to punish.
These schemes are funded by the Central Government and implemented by the State Governments/UT Administrations in accordance with the rules.
The two political parties will nominate only one joint candidate for the Shillong Parliamentary Seat.
In a meeting with the CEM of JHADC, the AJYWO, led by Bah MH Dkhar, President and Bah Reachingson Siangshai, Vice President, demanded that the CEM of JHADC should fully implement the 'The Jaintia. and to revoke the Trading License and ESL of foreigners and to punish those who do illegal business.
At the same time, it has been directed that in all 11 districts of the state, there will be Income Tax Officers to monitor the smuggling of money within the district. three groups in each Constituency shall be elected if necessary.
He said that the CRC will be a very important place for the state; and he said, “Once there is such a thing, there is development, there is a system of incentives for people.
Gopal Dey should not be accused of corruption and the party said that the police should prosecute and punish him under the law against such people who accuse him without sufficient evidence.
Jowai, Lber 24: The Jaintia Student Movement (JSU) Central Body (HNAM-EJH) has expressed its sincere gratitude to the Jaintia Student Movement (JSU) for bringing to justice the murderer of Kheinlang Dkhar. Daphishisha Kharsati , the JSM is a new organization in our state , although it is still young , it has done great things for the eradication of criminals , we As the leaders of the Sengbhalang, we see the great works of the Sengbhalang and I am confident that the work of this Sengbhalang will be different and sustainable.
Besides being a teacher at the L.P.School in the village, he is an experienced politician and a visionary.
For more information please call +9
Shillong, Lber 03: Sankardev College Shillong today concluded the College Week 2024.
KSU requests all students of Narpuh area to send their mark sheet and certificate xerox copy to the KSU office in Lumshnong or you can call at These numbers are 8794433099, 8794942022 and 8787863704 on or before the 18th of March this month.
New Delhi, June 02: The Cabinet Secretary, Rajiv Gauba, today held a meeting with the Chief Secretaries, DGs of Police and Health Secretaries of all the States and UTs. found a high number of daily cases and a high number of deaths from COVID in the past two weeks.
In this regard, the state government has taken action to talk to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Union Government and after the talks a letter has been received and the two shares belonging to the Meghalaya government have been included. Fostitos Chenang J Sangma and Sagaba Marak have expressed their happiness that they have received the opportunity to study MBBS at Maulana Azad Medical College. ,NewDelhi.
Five people have lost their lives in the landslide and drowning in the water. The others are still missing and three in Lower. Lumparing, which is located in the city.
The CCI has been able to produce about 26 lakh song under the MSP activities and about 6 lakh cotton farmers have benefited through the release of up to T.7600 crore into their bank accounts.
“This violence by the army in Muktapur has made the residents afraid of the army in their homes,” said Eddy Kery Pohtam, President JSU War Jaintia Circle.
The meeting was held at the Dorbar Hall of Diengpasoh village in the presence of the residents and leaders of the KSU from other departments who attended the meeting. day.
In this regard, they are still waiting for the drawing prepared by the government and after receiving it they will speak and inform the government of their decision.
“Therefore, we request all those who have worked with Bah Edward Thangkhiew alias Eddy that the party will no longer have any responsibility and we will not recognize and accept the relationship with Bah Eddy in the name of the party,” he said. the statement said.
Sourced Confidence (Retd.).
Shillong, Jymmang 06: Two persons have tested positive for COVID-19 in Ri Bhoi District, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today said. There are 10 cases of the disease and 4 of them are in hospital for treatment.
As mentioned in rules 162 and 163, the Privilege Motion will now be put before the House to accept or reject it. He was the MLA of 17-Shillong North.
Speaking to reporters in the Assembly today, Dr Mukul said that there are areas where he has to take care of himself, but the issues should be resolved within the party. the work of a politician is a difficult one.
The festival started on the 27th of last month and will end on the 7th of this month.
Isawanda Laloo, Secretary of Agriculture and Farmer's Welfare and Director of Sports and Youth Affairs, will also serve as Secretary of Sports and Youth Affairs and Director of Urban Affairs.
After this, the dancers left the party building to walk to the Weiking Stadium and before the start of the dance, a prayer was held by the Chairman of the group, Tymmen U San. the Khasi Mothers' Association Score Network.
Police said that the seizure of these weapons today is in connection with the investigation into the arrest of two persons who were arrested from the highway to Tura-Dalu on the 23rd. November 2021.
Chanki Lyngdoh (UDP) and Saphai,
During police investigation, the driver confessed that the drugs were smuggled from Churachandpur, Manipur and intended to be smuggled to Shillong.
The NABH standards are now the highest standards for hospitals in India.
for thou shalt have faith in both sides.
Speaking on the distribution of blankets to the poor families in the area, Samla Marconi Thongni said that this is part of the joint efforts with the paradoh Parasnam in the area.
The BJP MLA said that the merger between Rajkiya Nirman Nigam Limited and Badri Rai Company Limited has caused a huge loss to the state and financial loss. “We have appointed a committee of inquiry into the incident,” said Bah AL Hek in a letter.
Especially as journalists, the lack of access to the network has affected the work of the workers because people who want to send information can no longer send it and also those who want to give announcements can no longer send it. report.
According to sources, two private vehicles were damaged in a petrol bomb blast at Nongmynsong Dong Kadiang this night.
The Central Government should issue only one directive regarding Aadhaar.
There will also be an explanation on the Aadhar Card and the benefits to the people.
At this meeting, the KAS also decided to fight for the inclusion of the Khasi Language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
The Secretary in charge of District Council Affairs, Bah T Dkhar, said that the department has already sent the file to the Governor, but the file is still with the Governor once the order is received. Other sources said that the Governor of Meghalaya, Banwarilal Purohit has arrived in Shillong and a decision will be taken soon. It is with this matter whether to enact the Administrator Rule or to appoint an interim CEM until the election of a new CEM of the House.
In a recent incident at Katihar Railway Station, RPF police have arrested three persons identified as Kartik Mahto, 35, Sovind Kumar, 25 and Aman Kumar, T.1, 50,000/- worth of gold, T.50,000/- and other items were seized.
Shillong, Nailar 23: The SDO of Sohra Civil Sub Division has issued an order under Section 133 CrPC to prohibit people from quarrying water from the Sohryngkew and Kornmorah rivers.
You don't know its power and the water that flows quickly can overwhelm you.
Shillong, Lber 11: The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, Bah S Nongtnger, today informed the public that the traffic police will try to drive two way vehicles on the Mawlai Bye Pass tomorrow morning.
The Government has taken all necessary measures to prevent the spread of the disease to avoid the problems as in other states. carrier of this disease without showing symptoms.
There was also a discussion on whether those who have Aaadhaar number have been able to enter the electoral roll. Meghalaya has not yet accepted Aadhaar.
The Vice President of the party, Bah Nicky M Nongsiang, said that the party cannot forget Bah Kennedy because he was within the party from the beginning until his death. He did not back down but led the party forward in the midst of difficulties.
One of the problems raised by the farmers is that the government distributes ration only to those who have ration cards, those who do not have ration cards are not given ration cards, many of the households do not have ration cards. If the shops in the villages are opened three times a day, they should be opened only twice a day.
“In our understanding, the government's intention is to have the CUET examination and if the colleges in the state merge with Williamson State University, they will be exempt from the CUET examination. to CUET exam.
The MLA of Mawsynram said this on the RTI requested by Bah Banshai Marbaniang, one of the residents of Mawsynram. 2015.
On the part of the Director of NEIGRIHMS, he congratulated the Director General of the Assam Riffle for organizing this blood donation. support.
Marak, 7 years old, resident of Soragre village, Edenbari, Tura.
Police are conducting further investigation to find out who is involved whether they are individuals or groups. Shillong, July : Since the government decided to invite private companies to work in the dewbilat factory, the Meghalaya Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL) has invited only once these Himas involved in the dewbilat factory. .
However, young Elzer Dhar has been able to perform the dance of the dancers, the dance of the dancers, which is the great work of Bah Julius L Basaïawmoit; the book {} was written by Nixon Kharbithai; The song was composed by Bah Augustine Kurbah and Dalariti Gratel Kharnair, who is also a singer along with Anderson Warlarpih.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has directed that those villages and villages which have already drawn or constructed can apply for assistance to maintain these drawings or construction up to 10% of the cost allocated. the scheme which has already been implemented.
A special prayer was offered by Apostle RR Khongkrom.
When the government is concerned about the backwardness of the area, the government should open the office of the Rural Development Department known as the Block in the uranium area for the development of the people. this area.
The word 'step' as 'kyndon' mawjingkieng should be replaced by the original word mawkyndon or mawjingkieng, because it is confused with the original word 'step' or 'mynstep' which means to shine from sunrise to sunrise. before noon.
It was recalled that the public hearing has already been held twice and both times the opponents have won why it has to be called again and the decision is at the office of the DC. there is something wrong.
These Khasi youths said that the incident occurred on Thursday night when there was a Scooty collision between Khasi but while they were talking about the incident, foreigners at Keating Road came out to. They warned them not to come into their village.
The Chief Secretary has directed all the Deputy Commissioners in the state to issue a notice to release the Car Pass and Curfew Pass to the elderly. ID Cards to prove their age at the time of travel.
On the other hand, the residents who have complained about the immoral behavior of this company in one voice have called for the company to be shut down completely because of the lack of respect for the residents. village.
The Presbyterian Church of Riatsamthiah today held a ceremony to honor the 80 founders of the church in this village and many of them are no longer alive.
For the Prime Minister, the salary has been increased from T.64,000/- to T.1,09,000/-. Ministers have been increased from T.63,600/- to T.1,07,5 children, Parliamentary Secretaries have been increased from T.63,200/- to T.1,07,000/-, Parliamentary Secretaries have been increased from T.62,750/- and Parliamentary Secretaries have been increased from T. T.62,750/- has been increased to T.1,06,0
The reason for this this time is the Independence Day, when India will celebrate its 75th anniversary,” said Prime Minister Duh.
Shillong, Naitung 05: The All Meghalaya SSA School Teachers' Association (SASA) today sent a letter to the Minister of State for Education urging the government to release the salaries of their teachers. now five months.
Application forms for building permits can be obtained from the KHADC offices in Shillong, Mawkyrwat, Nongstoin and Nongpoh. put could be provided by applicants.
Shillong, Nailar 13: U AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, today said that 14 people have tested positive for Covid-19 in East Khasi Hills, out of which 11 cases in East Khasi Hills, 1 case in North Garo Hills and 2 West Garo Hills.
The 17 km main section of the Delhi-Ghaziabad-Meerut RRTS Corridor, which will be launched, will connect Sahibabad to the Duhai Depot with stations at Ghaziabad, Guldhar and Duhai on this route.
He said that the government's forest department in charge of wildlife has issued signboards “Eco Sensitive Zone” but Star Cement has not said anything on this request.
On the 10th, LG Nongsiej, former Chairman of KHADC, appointed two MDCs as panel Chairman, Telinia Thangkhiew and Albinus Lyngdoh.
It aims to establish Content Evaluation Committees and Broadcast Advisory Councils, programs and advertisement codes for operators of various broadcasting channels, opportunities for people with disabilities and penalties for violations. the rules along with others.
A reporter of Batesi TV, who visited Nongpriang village, witnessed with a photograph from the time the rescue teams started their work until they recovered all the bodies. shall be covered with the ground.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister expressed his gratitude to the people who have given their trust to the NPP and a special thanks goes to the founder who brought this victory to the NPP. for the party to bring about change in Meghalaya.
The union wants to see that our signboards also appear on these signboards of NH-6, but not only the names and distances of other land, villages outside the state. , said Mr. MH Dkhar.
He said that he is filled with a spirit of gratitude to God the Creator because it is through the Seng Khasi that we have been able to preserve the customs and traditions and to introduce this jaidbynriew not only in this country. country, but also outside the country.
Shillong, July 30: The Executive Committee of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) will hold a budget session on 25th November Dorbar to oppose the Uniform Civil Code.
The funds for the construction of the market were allocated from the Backward Region Grant Fund (BRGF) scheme.
The leaders and members of the FKJGP Shillong City who have been confirmed for the 2023-26 term are: Secretary Kyrshan Syiemlieh, Organizing Secretary Alfredy Kharbuli, Barilang Pyngrope, Donkupar Dympep and Dapkmen Syiemiong, Information Secretary Embhahlang Talang, Asst.Information Secretary Garry N.Thangkhiew, Asst. Lyngdoh, Asst.Socio & Cultural Secretary Bantei Nongkhlaw, Sports Secretary Donavan Pyngrope, Asst.Sports Secretary Batkupar Nongkhlaw, Disciplinary Secretary Ardor Rist Thabah , Asst.Disciplinary Secretary Kordor Lyngdoh, Environmental Secretary Hopewell Turlinal.Erculture Secretary, Asst. Katrai, Asst.Agriculture Secretary Mark Wahlang.
Recurve Women Team Guru  Jambheshwar University of Sci and Tech Hisar represented by Avani, Ravina, Preeti, Dikshu won a Gold medal, Lovely Professional University Punjab represented by Tisha Punia, Dikshanayak, Somya Negi and  Veerpal Kaur with a Silver medal and Punaljab University of Panjab University is represented by Harpreet Kaur, Tanishaverma, Gurmeharkaurgrewal, and Shweta Singh with a Bronze medal.
Every government, irrespective of party, whether at the federal or state level, has tried in their own ways.
“I am pleased that there are many states ruled by the NDA and BJP which will hold such melas,” he said.
Shillong, June 10: The MeECL Progressive Workers Union (MPWU) will start their strike from
By using modern technology and at the same time, by providing information and the need for immediate voluntary blood donation, the Government of Meghalaya and Terumo Blood and Cell Technologies aims to eradicate superstitions, to increase the participation in blood donation and thus empower the community to save the lives of others in need of blood.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has confirmed five deaths from COVID-19 in East Jaintia Hills 1, East Khasi Hills. The death toll has risen to 1257 with 4 deaths.
Dr Mukul said the demand of the people at that time was that there should be a law in India to curb corruption and Meghalaya is one of the states that has This Act is based on the wishes of the people and this Act also applies to the Chief Minister of the State.
On search, party recovered 994 Nos Yaba tablets worth more than Rs.3.5 Lacs, 01 No Mobile, and Indian currency Rs.14,520/- from their possession.
To start these trainings, the VC promised to appoint a Task Force Committee within two months which will be notified in the first month of September this year. to begin these studies immediately.
Shillong, March 09: Highways are the backbone of income of any place and research has shown that highways help to increase income by 2% in any country. However, 30 people have lost their lives on the NH-44 this year due to the deterioration of the road.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: The Shillong Wine Festival was held today for the sixth time organized by one of the volunteers in the state, Bah Miakhel Syiem.
Shillong, July 22: Union Home Minister Amit Shah will meet with a group of civil society organizations in COMSO tomorrow morning. you are in Shillong.
Along with the DPIs, the Minister explained how countries have looked into cybersecurity, and said that this is very important in the emerging economies.
Stephan Rynajah SP City said that police have received the videos from the CCTV and are investigating them. Police have not yet arrested the suspects. thieves who have done this evil thing.
The NEC has launched the North East Resource Center (NERCEN) with the aim of promoting the use of Remote Sensing and Satellite Imagery. tourist attraction based on GIS and road connectivity deficit monitoring.
Speaking to the public at the parking lot near the Additional Secretariat after a meeting with the Minister in charge of Main, he alleged that the authorities of the District Administration are the members of the VPP. He said that before passing 144 CrPC, you should understand it well.
Since last year, many measures have been taken especially in the testing and treatment of cancer to prevent the spread of the disease. They are treated in the state especially in the District Hospital.
The tournament was scheduled to be held on the 15th July 2022 but had to be postponed due to the rapid increase in the number of cases of Coronavirus.
The people in these coal mining areas are living in fear because they don't know what will happen to them.
It is surprising that cases have been filed in less than a month but those who rape, murder and terrorists take up to 90 days to file charges.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with the Chief Minister, Donboklang Kharlyngdoh said that the government will submit the report to the House on the first day of the session. on 09/09/2022.
“Many people think that we are not able to work but we can, but if given the opportunity we are equal to others”.
as a church, we pray for those who have died as well as for those who have been injured.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The Lok Sabha elections will be held on the 19th of this month and the re-election will be held on the 23rd of this month. Now there will be a clean government in which no party will rule alone.
The peace agreement between the Central Government, the Government of Meghalaya and the two armed groups from Garo Hills, the ANVC and ANVC(B) on 24th July 2014, which brought the two parties to the peace talks table with the government.
At this meeting, it was unanimously decided to renew the office bearers of the committees who are not working, instead of being elected by other office bearers who can work.
This order will come into force immediately within the 1-War East District Council Constituency. from this day forth.
Shillong, July04: The Mawkhar Sports Club on Saturday celebrated the Environment Day 2017 with a race in which 156 men and women took part which started at the YMCA. , Mawkhar and ended at the same place.
Shillong, July 08: Two robbers have been arrested by the Laitumkhrah Police Station for allegedly assaulting two men while they were walking around on Saturday evening. forest.
On the other hand, the union has found that many of these taxi drivers do not have the Trading License or proper documents required from the KHADC which cannot prevent this traffic. the smuggling of these foreigners.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Chief Engineer in charge of Sanitation said that when they implemented this scheme, they took the Khana Samri of the year 2012 and now they have started to inspect again. Write a story because in these years many new houses have been built.
The award will be given only to those who have scored the highest marks in the subjects of Physics, Chemistry, Mathematics, Biology and Computer.
The Deputy Commissioner's office has allocated Rs 16 lakh to the family.
The BWWA chief paid tribute to the BSF personnel who have sacrificed their lives to protect the border of India, and this blood donation is part of the charity work. he who is poor is not rich.
The Cabinet meeting today approved a bill to change the name of the Captain Williamson Sangma Technical University to the Captain Williamson Sangma State University.
The Director General of Police (DGP) Dr LR Bishnoi said that there are about 2.5 lakh drug users in the state.
Other small political parties including independent candidates won 18 seats.
Others who also gave their support were Gabriel Wahlang, Charles Marngar, Lamphrang Blah, PN Syiem and RV Lyngdoh.
Demonetisation is an important step in the decision-making process by the government to shape the economy.
The union has also expressed to the Prime Minister that the government has done nothing to bring the railway into Jaintia Hills because it affects the smuggling of mynder as the state does not have adequate laws to prevent it. enter the pictures of the country.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Markus R Myrthong, President of the HYC, Mawthadraishan Circle, said that the purpose of their visit to the area is to explain to the public that the residents will not be deceived by them. candidates who have promised to do that, that and when they win or lose they don't come back to the people.
The delegation also met with Union Donor Minister Jitendra Singh, Union Secretary Finance Ashok Lavasa and Union Minister of State for Finance. Arjun Ram Megwal, Minister of State for Home Affairs.
The Seng has demanded that such people should be removed immediately and there should be proper rules for such people to be admitted to these Shelter Homes and not to stay longer but to to set a time when they shall have enough money to leave the place.
Jassica G Wahlang as Assistant Sports Secretary, Dromland Margnar as Assistant Sports Secretary, Rapbor Kharbuli as Social Secretary, Khrawbok Nongdhar as Assistant Social Secretary, Iba L Mawnai as Treasurer and Wanbor Ryngtathiang as Assistant Sports Secretary. Wanlambor Kharpran, Wanshai Sawkmie, S Basawiawmoit as Advisors along with 33 Executive Members and Members.
In this regard, the government wants to provide the people with good sugar.
This road is known as the Umsning-Murong-Umkra road and along this road the villages are Bir, Rtiang, Mawlongkhung, Banbudai, Shukiang, Syngku, Mawrong, Mawlangngai, Umkei, Nongsang, Umkra and Mih. to Mawtarik which connects Jagi Road.
All political parties have been directed to seek permission before putting up flags or signs related to their parties and after that they have to remove them after their meeting. .
Margaret O'Brien, CEO of Young Change Agents, shared information and training on this topic.
He said that the best practices of different states in the last elections are the use of road maps in Tamil Nadu, Chatbot in Goa, Learning Management System in Assam, special measures. for those with disabilities in Uttarakhand.
Five people have died from East Khasi Hills District, bringing the total number of deaths to
Police have registered a case against the four at Khliehriat Police Station and the investigation is ongoing.
“Until the Sengbhalang has stopped the protests, the government will not call for talks with them,” he said. “The government will not implement the ILP in the country,” he said. state.
The CRPF was able to extinguish the fire before it spread to the houses and shops near the forest.
This aims to repeal the Instruments of Accession signed and ratified between Jammu & Kashmir and the Dominion of India in 1947-48, which recognized the special rights of the Kashmiris.
Not only that, the government's neglect of the people of this area is excessive in that they do not have adequate roads.
Calcium carbide, which is used to make soybeans such as soybeans, produces acetylene gas which contains arsenic and phosphorus.
“As we have said from the beginning that we will not allow this construction and as we would like to remind you that the construction violates the Standing Order issued by the Meghalaya High Court in 2019 and violates Section 3 Clause A, Clause B of the Meghalaya Water Bodies Reservation and Conservation Guidelines 2023.
The increase in violence and illegal activities against women and children has shocked the government and the society as a whole.
“As children, we should work hard, no matter if they stay in class, but one day you will reap the fruits of victory,” said Bah Syiemlieh.
He said the government does not want to see that there will be no more lights as in previous years and the government does not want to see that students will study by burning alcohol and hopes that there will be no more lights.
Police have seized 926 grams of heroin from the vehicle and arrested another person. Police have recovered 926 grams of heroin worth Rs. T.4.75 crore was seized from Tongseng.
In the election for the CEC members for the year 2023-206, besides the post of president, it was found that no one stood to contest for the post of vice president and general secretary. Donald V Thabah as.
“Regarding the development of transportation, the Seng suggests to the Government of India and the Government of Meghalaya to build a four lane road from Ratachera to Umiam (Damsite). ) closed to make it easier to transport goods and passengers," the organization says.
The Managing Director also promised that the Government has taken great care of the safety of medicines to ensure that the services to the public are timely.
In 2020-21, up to ₹ 182 crore has been allocated for Meghalaya from the 15th Finance Commission grants to PRIs and half of this should be used for water supply and sanitation works.
Shillong, Lber 15: The Neru Yova Cleaner Association in collaboration with the Mawlai Cleaner Association on Tuesday conducted a training program for several villages in Mawlai on how not to throw garbage in the streets. the road or the road.
Mr. Pyndap Saibon is the president.
However, during the rainy season, the color of the river changes like that of cement water and at the bottom of the water it becomes like dpei or flyash.
Mawphlang United Democratic Party MATTHEW BEYONDSTAR KURBAH (WINNER),
Shillong, November 04: The TB Office of Ri Bhoi District has distributed food items to the patients under Patharkhmah CHC. also.
Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem said that the Bhoi Mikir show their traditional way of life and show that they are rich in customs and traditions.
Earlier, T.244/- crore was paid from T.488/- crore and the remaining amount was T.244/- crore. T.565/- crore This will be paid in 20 installments which means that this installment they will have to pay T.28.25/- crore.
I don't know whether they say they are cleaner or weaker. Let the people judge. If you look at the politics in North East or Meghalaya, the TMC is the party that I'm not sure.
The RPF Police have set a goal to work hard to fight against these alcoholic beverages which are destroying the citizens of India and to free the country from such alcoholic beverages.
He added that the sellers of these vehicles understand the need for these vehicles and their price.
Robertjune Khar Jahrin said in a statement sent today.
According to the order, all those employees in various jobs on this day will have leave to file and their salary should not be counted by the employers.
The death toll has risen to 1610 in East Khasi Hills District, 55 in East Khasi Hills District and 30 in East Khasi Hills District. , Ri Bhoi 4, South Garo Hills 2, West Garo Hills 14, West Jaintia Hills 5 cases.
Shillong, Naitung 29: The MDA government under the leadership of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma today held a meeting to express its condolences on the passing away of the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Dr. Doncopar Roy.
Shillong, July 07: The North East National Service Scheme Festival was held at Soso Tham Auditorium today with the participation of five states. The festival will end on the 11th of this month.
The JSU said that if they count and do stingy in these two examinations, they can fail behind and if they do well, a bright future awaits those who do well.
The home minister said that to bring peace and stability in the Northeast, the Modi government has signed nine agreements and many pending law and order issues have been successfully resolved through these.
The Chief Guest encouraged and encouraged the various groups to work hard in their work and to improve the income of the region as a whole.
He said that he did not have any other discussion.
As the organization, we cannot do our duty to protect our fellow citizens even in any field if those who harass, byrngem, byrsit are also those who do the same to intimidate and destroy the flesh. Their blood is also in this Khasi and Jaintia area.
On the proposal of the MDA government led by Conrad K Sangma, the Congress party has called for a protest against the proposal. Union Ministers Shushma Swaraj and Kiren Rijiju.
These seven companies will be used only for the purpose of fighting against insurgency in the Garo Hills.
Speaking to reporters after a three-day meeting between the BSF and BGB in Shillong, he said Bangladesh will not allow insurgents to take root in Bangladesh.
Similarly, in Mukroh, the people cut trees from the forests of the village to use them, and it is their right since ancient times and governments especially foreign governments do not have the right to own trees. the Khasi-Pnar people.
The leaves of the insects, along with the rice, grow without any problems and people can grow the ryndia insects and some of them have been sold in the market.
Speaking on the activities of the department in the last nine years, the Minister said that the Government has tried its best to empower and give rights to the Divyangs by bringing about which covereth all things.
Police said the incident happened at 9.30 pm.
Besides the award ceremony, there was also a meeting and discussion on the theme of how to get modern health care at a lower cost using information with the help of artificial intelligence. Intelligence to fully implement these goals amidst the lack of funds and the difficulty of bringing about change.
In his speech, Prof MS Baghel encouraged the students of NEIAH to continue to strengthen their research on herbal medicines in the North East. They cannot provide services to their own people in their own state.
The mother was injured and was taken to the Civil Hospital for treatment.
The project includes site preparation & development and construction of a restaurant, basement staff quarter etc., at a total cost of rupees One crore thirty-nine lakh.
for as it is until now, when the singers die from this world, their talent ends only with them and no one pays attention or saves their songs.
“What we have done now is to encourage tourists not only to see the beauty of the hills and rivers but also to promote tourism,” he said.
The order will be sent to Dr Roy today.
On the other hand, the authorities have taken this incident as an unacceptable disruption of their duties in accordance with the Constitution of India.
Shillong, Naitung 05: The Annual General Meeting of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) was held on Saturday.
This pharmacy will sell medicines at a lower price compared to other pharmacies.
They also requested the NEHU authorities and the Tura Police to investigate the incident so that the rights of the victim can be secured as soon as possible.
Magistrate EJHD (Kong D.Phawa) and police on the night of the 5th of this month at Tongseng (Narpuh) with 5 damper vehicles carrying stones during the road blockade hours of the 17 Dorbarshnongs of Namchiang. The Magistrate requested the Rangbahshnong Tongseng who is also the Chairman of the 17 Dorbar Shnongs of Namchiang to end the protest by showing the damper vehicles carrying stones to repair the road.
This action of the government has put them in trouble because every day they dedicate themselves to the work of serving the people and the government has used them not only in the Health Department but also in other departments. Block Office and others but we don't get the payment.
The only NPP MP in the Rajya Sabha, Dr WR Kharlukhi, on Friday lodged a complaint against a YouTuber who alleged corruption in the implementation of the MPLADS.
The Minister in charge of Education said that there are some challenges and at the same time the new draft policy will also improve education in the state and India as a whole.
Also present on the occasion were the President of the Hill Farmers Union, Commander Shangpliang, the President of the KSU SWKHDU, Forwardman Nongrem, the President of the KSU Mawkyrwat Circle, Rutherford Lyngdoh, the Sordars. Village and others who are invited.
He said that trade with Myanmar can be based on the goods available in the North East.
These are the first memories and announcements that the members of the KSU North Khasi Hills District Unit and Nongpoh Circle have heard of Samla Sabathani Lyngdoh.
The projects implemented include the clothing industry, pig farming, dairy cow production, food processing plants, export equipment. which promotes material production.
"“NEHUSU in this regard, will conduct awareness campaigns through discussions, discussions and especially to set up a Gender Sensitization Committee to take action against violence, violation of consent and others. de activities related to these types of activities," the statement said.
Speaking to reporters, the Inspector General of Police, Francis J Kharshiing, said that these 3100 posts will be vacated in the police department and the applications will start from the 1st. to June 2024.
A special police team in charge of drug trafficking has arrested him in Hailakandi.
Speaking on his inauguration as the new leader of the KSU, he said that from now on we don't know what will happen, but we can still be called as illegal immigrants rather than losing our land. sand.
He said that the KSU has nothing to do with the letter to the Chief Minister, but their opposition is based on the allegation against the KSU. The law shall arrest the person who attempts to insult and destroy the nation.
The union urges him to visit the hospital to see that although it is better than before, it is still lacking in all aspects especially in the number of staff in the necessary posts especially doctors. specialists and other posts are not required.
For the Jaintia Hills JHADC, they will have to sit down to discuss the search for candidates.
In 2019, East Jaintia Hills Police have seized 415 grams of heroin, 19 kilograms of YABA, 40 kilograms of Ganja, 30 grams of Nitrazepan and 400 mL of Codeine. Hills said that the value of these paid beverages has increased from the market price of what was seized to between 8 and 9 crore tyngka.
He also explained that the use of telecom services through the SIM cards of those operating in other countries is illegal under the Indian Telegraph Act 1885 and that those who do so may be punished according to the rules of the Indian Telegraph Act. Indian Telegraph Act 1885 and other related laws and regulations.
SP News Agency tried to get in touch with the district administration but could not be reached.
All students who have not yet received their meal fees are requested to arrange their accounts according to the above rules with the bank where they have an account so that they can pay the fees. their food.
Shillong, Iaiong 30: The consumption of pork in Meghalaya is across the state and when there is a famine or tragic incident in the households, almost all the pork is used to feed the people. to those who came to feast or to those who came to mourn.
Shillong, Nailur 07: The Government of Meghalaya today announced that the 13th of this month will be a public holiday due to the celebration of Id-Ul-Zuha. on the 12th as shown in the government calendar.
Shillong, Nailar 13: The Second Amendment Bill, 2018 has been passed by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on 24th November. 2018 has not yet reached the KHADC even though the Governor has already sent it back to the government.
MLA Ollan Singh Suin, MDC Alvin Sawkmie, former MLA HM Shangpliang and Deputy Commissioner of the hospital were present on the occasion. RM Kurbah - East Khasi Hills District
Clement Marak won his first MLA election in the mid-term elections in June 2005 from the Congress party by defeating Conrad K Sangma of the NCP. Conrad K Sangma from the NCP party. In the 2013 election, he won the MLA election by defeating Conrad K Sangma and in 2018, he won the MLA election from the same party. of the constituency.
It is a fact that the mining of coal in this state has not been carried out in accordance with the rules of law and has not been implemented yet. water in the rivers and coal mining is also a threat to those working in the coal mines.
Speaking to reporters, the Leader of the Opposition, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, said that the protest was held today to join hands with the party as a whole. across India to protest against the removal of party leader Rahul Gandhi as MP Lok Sabha.
Professor, Jaintia East College, Khliehriat, in his speech on the occasion, said that the Kur Dkhar, EJHD as a whole, is full of joy, pride and joy to know that Irene. Dkhar has won the Miss Meghalaya 2022 award from Meghalaya and Northeast India in the past few months.
The Central Government has released a list of 115 freedom fighters of India which includes the names of the freedom fighter of Khasiland, Tirot Sing Syiem and other freedom fighters from other countries. state of India.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: Following the incident on the 14th of this month in which many residents of Umsawli village were injured in a bomb blast by the Assam police, the Meghalaya government and the Assam government have also sent the police to patrol the village.
When asked, he said, “You know exactly who gave you the money.
The residents of these areas find it very difficult to walk to the block which is now Ranikor, where some villages are far away and take about 2 to 3 hours. 18 to 19km from Ranikor block.
The CCIB's demand is not against the government but for their right to land and not to go to Bangladesh. They alleged that the government has not taken action. This part is to protect our own people on the border.
Jowai July 22: The residents of Block I including Mowluber Mowjem Psiar Khadkasla and other villages in the area have been affected by the construction of the The Kuriliya bridge has been suspended for a year.
The Prime Minister advised the people to be careful not to forget to take these two medicines.
Those who took the examination without writing the test were 17405 and those who came to write the examination were 16565. Those who passed were only 3890 and those who passed were 23.77%.
Speaking to reporters before distributing the food items, President Shulila Gupta said that this is the first time that the organization has come to distribute food items to the prisoners.
It is also prohibited to make any announcement relating to political activities published at the expense of the Government relating to any political party and government in power.
According to sources, a truck (AS01 DD 7063) collided with an Alto K10 (ML06-7353). This car has died.
The difference between these two Housing Acts is that in the KHADC Act there are provisions which empower the Rangbah Shnongs and Dorbar Shnongs to issue NOC for houses under two floors after the residents they have received the drawings or plans prepared by the architects or engineers.
As citizens, citizens, they have the right to speak, they have the right to judge, they have the right to inform, they have the right to demand, they have the right to protect.
Answering a question regarding the maintenance of the tree bridges in the area, Bah Marbaniang said that there has been a discussion with the BDO of Shella Bhalaganj on how to do in this regard. The Hima has also imposed a rule not to allow many people to pass at the same time on these bridges.
During the meeting, the MLA expressed many urgent needs at the PHC, such as the improvement of the beds, the lack of equipment and others.
Through this, our people can develop India, earn more, invest more and open more job opportunities.
The training sessions include working methods, working environment and hygiene, Covid protocol, foreign language training and more.
Shillong, July 28: Police on Tuesday received a complaint that Shinningstar Pala, 19, of Wahiajer village, has kidnapped his brother-in-law. 9 years old from Umjalasiaw.
The decision of the party to resolve the border dispute in the North Eastern States is a good step and everyone accepts it and if the central government takes action on this it will help a lot to The party has been promoted in the North East and this has gained the trust of the people of the region.
He said that the development projects today will improve the traffic between Assam and the North Eastern states as well as neighboring countries in Southeast Asia while also increasing employment opportunities in the country. tourism and open new opportunities for young talented sportsmen in the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: A group of civil society organizations (CoHSO) led by Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin today met with the Chief Minister's Secretary Prestone Tynsong to discuss the issue. Speaking on the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit in the state.
Shillong, March 06: The Meghalaya Police strongly condemns the use of tear gas against teachers under the banner of the Meghalaya Government Contractual Teachers' Association (MGLPCTA). They have been protesting against the Secretariat with their children after the Government has not listened to their demand.
Varanaseya Sanskrit Vishwavidyalaya, Varanasi (UP) Jagatpuri, Delhi.15.
Meghalaya today celebrated its 42nd anniversary of independence.
In a statement, the government department said that the dumping of sculptures made of paris plaster, debilat and plastic not only pollutes the water but also affects the environment. the health of the people.
The Government is open to companies and private individuals if they wish to set up training centers in the field of football.
He said that along with other agricultural activities, the farmers of the area should encourage themselves to take up this so that it will be a way to increase their income.
Jowai, March 08: A guard of Government Boys Higher Secondary School Jowai today at 6.30 am while he was sleeping found bullets with the name of Dr Mukul Sangma written on them. the state where the chief minister of the state has been warned.
After a few hours of talks by the members of the party, the district authorities gave permission to hold the meeting which went smoothly without any interruption.
On the 15th, the church also visited and welcomed the inmates of the District Jail in Jowai and also held a feeding ceremony for the children at the Tome Memorial orphanage. Annie Margaret Barr Children's Village is a children's home of the Unitarian Church in Kharang Village, Mawkynrem Block, East Khasi Hills.
Prices are Open Gallery A & B: Rs.300, Open Gallery C: Rs.200, Covered Gallery D1 & D2: Rs.700, Covered Gallery D3 & D4: Rs.500, VIP: Rs.2000.
This newly recruited regiment was the 316th Division.
Police have directed all residents who have found any suspicious items to report to 0364-2222214 / 2222215 or any nearby police station. eh.
Therefore, the party will continue to investigate to find out the truth.
The Tripura model is a model for settling Bangladeshis in India as they did in Tripura.
This book takes part in tracking the struggle of the Khasi Hills since 1773 by quoting from the First Sylhet Records 1773 before the arrival of the French, during the British invasion. The Federation of Khasi States, the Union of Khasi States, the Constituent Assembly, the Standstill Agreement, the IOA & AA, the Khasi States Constitution Making Dorbar, the rape of the Khasi States The Khasi Hima under the First Schedule, Sixth Scheduled, Constitution of India during the rule of Assam from 26 January 1950 onwards the Hill States struggle, until the establishment of Meghalaya and the continuation of the struggles of the Khasi people until these days .
On the other hand, the CEM said that the EC will not sit idly by on the Bill, the EC wants the Bill to become a law because it will be a protection for the people. you are a Khasi people.
Since the beginning of the strike, 14 members of MEMRIWU have been admitted to hospital so far.
The Deputy Commissioner has called for a meeting with the union on Monday and the union will meet with the DC. shop in this crowded place.
The Government should bring them back in understanding with other state governments, without disturbing their families and when they return they should stay in adequate quarantine facilities especially those who come from the state. and areas included in the Red Zone.
On the other hand, the CSWO said that the CSWO cannot accept any protests whether from the government or any group, but the CSWO believes that the law does not and these laws were passed by the leaders.
The Deputy Commissioner of South Garo Hills, Shivansh Awasthi, was the chief guest in the presence of the BSF.
In South Garo Hills, one case has been confirmed from the Army, in North Garo Hills, one case has been confirmed from the Army, two cases have been confirmed from Mahendraganj, East Garo Hills. Hills 27 cases confirmed positive including civilians in Rongjeng and Songsak, West Garo Hills 15 cases including 11 personnel from Army, 3 cases from Army Phulbari and one case from outside the state.
“He said that in the 45 years that the KSU has served the people, it has never turned away for the sake of the people.
The winners of these physical and mental games will receive their prizes on the day of the Dorbar at Thynroit.
Regarding the objection of the Ministers, the Syiem of Pa'im Latho Manik Syiem, Minister K Langstieh and Minister MB Kharlukhi have sent a letter to the CEM of KHADC to revoke the agreement. The agreement was signed on the 22nd of this month regarding the establishment of the Hima Forest Act, which is located at Mawpat, Hima Mylliem.
Chief Engineer National Highway GC Marak said that the PWD department in charge of the National Highway has already called a tender for the construction of the collapsed site at Nongshram which falls under Mawthyngkut Constituency.
In the past few months, the BSF has arrested four Bangladeshis and two Indians for smuggling into Bangladesh heroin and other drugs worth up to 2 lakh tyngka.
The Deputy Commissioner said that the district authorities have taken all the necessary measures to ensure that this annual march will run smoothly and all the security measures have been put in place.
Prestone Tynsong, Minister in charge of District Council Affairs (DCA), said that once they have received the approval of the Governor, they will inform the public regarding the mid-term MDC election. it won't be long.
On the part of the CEO, he expressed his gratitude to the people who came out to elect their leaders in which the election went smoothly.
On the other hand, Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MIDC, Spokesperson, said that the work has started until the National Commission for Tribal Affairs. , (NCST) The Government of India has decided to direct the Ministry of Tribal Affairs, Government of India to take the necessary steps to fulfill the promises and agreements signed between the Government of India and the Khasi States.
The protests of the people under the leadership of the KSU in the past year 2023 have been twice with mass protests.
In East Khasi Hills District, IEC vans have reached two villages in Pynursla, Mawpat and Sohiong blocks.
With this victory, Bah Teinwell Dkhar MDC of Shella Constituency from the UDP party who won four terms has become the 40th CEM of KHADC. Speaking on his victory as CEM, MDCs said that the inability to work, there is no job for five years, but even six months is enough.
Shillong, November 11: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of Nonghyllam, Umsur, Nongjri and Kulang villages in South West Khasi Hills District will hold a march on Thursday. It is also a market day to protest against the abduction of Bah Ricky Marwein by the Bangladeshis from Umsur.
Shillong, Nailar 22: The BSF today received a tip that some people were entering the border of Bangladesh with cargo. They broke into the forest to escape capture.
The Ministry of Tourism has also opened stalls from various countries like Sri Lanka, Belarus, Iran and Argentina.
Shillong, July 19: U Ranjen Gohain today launched the scheme to distribute electricity to poor households in Meghalaya. , this scheme is known as the Pradhan Mantri Ujjwala Yojana (PMUY).
It is from this that we now see the reach of roads to the villages, the provision of electricity, the introduction of sanitation in 92% of the country, the Awas Yojana which focuses on the introduction of sanitation through the gas in 8 crore households.
Prestone said the Civil Sub Division is a blessing to the people as the work of the government has become closer to the people.
“We are still thinking that the Government of India will pass those laws to protect us indigenous people in the North East but the enactment of the CAA is an invitation from the Government of India to them. people especially from Bangladesh.
R Monarch Shabong was re-elected as President, Marcus M. Thaiang, Rajib Chaudhury, Raphael Warjri and Russell Nongrum as Vice President.
New Delhi, March 16: The Union Minister of State for Home Affairs and North Eastern Region (DoNER), Dr Jitendra Singh, on Tuesday said that the North Eastern Region is lagging behind and the Union Government has implemented the the StartUp program for youth from all over the country.
Shillong, November 19: The Election Commission of India (ECI) is the symbol of the authority in charge of the fair and orderly conduct of elections. .
At the same time, he said that he will strive to ensure that the patients from the state will not lose their beds and if there is any discrimination, people can complain to him. Shillong, July 18: Shillong Lajong FC player Phrangki Buam has been signed by FC Bengaluru United for a transfer window. The team will play in the I-League campaign
Speaking to reporters at the Governor's Gate after they came to lodge a complaint against the CEM of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem, Bah Bindo Vice President of the UDP said that The Governor of Meghalaya, Banwarilal Purohit today informed the CEM of the nine issues that they have already submitted to the CEM. Bindo said that in these days they will submit the documents to the Governor to substantiate the complaint. When asked about the statement of the CEM of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem that in fact the UDP should have left the EC of the PDF, Bah Bindo said. They are still waiting for the report of the House Committee. There is no problem with the withdrawal from the PDF.
Shillong, July 19: The Asian Development Bank (ADB) has sent its staff to inspect the Mawphlang-Umpung road construction scheme. This road is from Mawphlang to Umpung.
The HNLC has so far declared only the HNLC illegal. The HNLC considers this action of the government as a sign of protest and demand from the government to release the government. The union has called for a 12 hour curfew on the 23rd of this month.
These oxygen plants will be set up at government hospitals at district headquarters in the states and UTs. The purchase will be done through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Central Government.
The procession started in front of the cathedral and ended at Calvary with the blessing of the Holy Sacrament by the hands of the Cardinal.
The meeting was conducted by Sashwati Mudoi, Manager LPG Sales, Meghalaya.
Speaking to reporters at the Additional Secretariat after the meeting with the Secretary to the Ministry of Home Affairs, Banrilang Pyngrope said that they have met but they have not received a clear answer to their demand. appointment within the police department.
HM Shangpliang Director of Social Welfare Department said that the department has worked hard to raise awareness among the residents of the state, as at present there is still a lot of child abuse in the state. or he that is not in the house shall have the understanding of the mind of the household.
Saxena graduated as a line engineer from Delhi College of Engineering and completed his M.Tech from IIT, New Delhi. He served in the Indian Postal Service from 1978 to
On the other hand, the taxi drivers today staged a strike by stopping their work and this has affected the traffic in Shillong. This is to demand the government to arrest the perpetrators. bad.
Shillong, Nailur 15: Answering a question by Zenith M Sangma, the Minister in charge of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, said that there are 36 schools in the state without teachers.
Speeches were also given by the Rangbah Kur to take care of the welfare of the parakur salonsar and not to be involved in the Kur and political or religious activities.
When asked by Bah HS Shylla who is the Chairman of KHFC, the CEM said that at the beginning of the Momolith Festival, the post of Chairman was held by Bah Tistustarwell Chyne. Antonio War.
Prestone said that last year the government had invited applications for those who are poor, those who do not have job cards, those who have received PM Kisan, those who work in government departments who have AAY cards and PHH will not be able to submit an application.
We also request the Dorbar Shnongs, Youth Organizations, Sengbhalang, Women's Organizations, Religious Organizations and the public to cooperate with the police or law enforcement agencies to curb such activities.
His aim in contesting the MP election is to serve the people and the country as a whole.
The President said that today, the North Eastern Region of India is taking major steps towards economic development and has made efforts to provide quality health facilities and education to its people. region and country.
Shillong, Naiwieng 05: Shillong Boy won the final of the one-day football tournament at Umiew Pomlakrai on 4-11-2017 organized by the Umiew Youth Social and Sports Organization.
Jeevan Thapa of Euphrates House won the best athlete in the senior section and Zenea Kharbyngar of Jordan House won the best athlete in the junior section. On the men's side, Francis Khardewsaw of Jordan House and on the women's side, Ibakorshisha Nongneng of Nile House.
As a teacher and until reaching this position, the new Director of IIMShillong has held many positions in various positions and has also been a member of a committee in the Ministry of Labour. central government.
Drivers and passengers are also prohibited from smoking and smoking cigarettes inside the vehicle and those who violate these rules will be fined according to the law and the licenses of drivers who violate this rule will be confiscated. The Additional Deputy Commissioner said.
It is illegal to use, sell or store Kynja in North Korea.
The Chief Minister appreciated the way DoNER has helped to solve the major problems of the North Eastern States.
The 2011 census showed that the population growth in Meghalaya from 2001 to 2011 was 2.95 percent higher than the national average (17.64%).
The suspects were identified as Sanjay Ch Marak of Nengsrang, Grikcheng Ch Marak of Nengmandalgre, Akshay T Sangma of Nengsang, Levin Ch Marak of Darakgre. East Garo Hills District.
The rape of girls under 12 years of age and teenagers under 16 years of age has shocked the entire country.
After looking at the beauty of this place and seeing the residences and buildings of MCCL, I am sorry to destroy it,” said the Chairman.
Allowing food to be delivered to homes will save the people from food shortages at this time.
Expressing her gratitude to the Government of India and the Government of Meghalaya for selecting her for this award, Kong Pyrngap said, “This is the government's recognition of my hard work.
There are 1 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 1 case in Ri Bhoi, 1 case in West Garo Hills, 1 case in West Jaintia Hills and 1 case in West Khasi Hills. There are 92146 people in total.
Also present on the occasion were the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, the Chief Secretary in charge of Urban Affairs, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, the Minister of PHE and Soil & Water Conservation, Marcuise N. Sangma. Marak, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr.M.Ampareen Lyngdoh, officers and Rangbah Shnong.
The group also said that it will not accept that Cab 2019 will be implemented in Meghalaya.
The Seng urges all the leaders of the state that in the upcoming Assembly, to stop visiting and inspecting this place and they will find the pollution, smell that comes from this place.
The government will ensure that those involved in this bomb blast should be arrested and prosecuted according to the law, he said. the state.
Those who were admitted to the Civil Hospital were recovered.
A woman identified as Lisa Pradhan, 34, was injured while her husband Devendra Nayak, 38, escaped unharmed.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has fixed 10th June 2023 as the polling day and the state government has already declared a public holiday for all schools and government offices in the constituency. Those outside the constituency should not be allowed to vote without being charged their salary.
New Delhi, Nailar03: Ethnic clashes have broken out at Tabalchari Police Station in Matiranga Sub-District of Chittagong Hill Tracts in Bangladesh after people living in Ri Thor went to attack the Chakma and Tripura tribes.
In his speech, the Chairman of the MHRC stressed that the people should know the Constitution of the country.
Ayush Minister Sarbananda Sonowal also announced that OPD services will start in Smit, East Khasi Hills district which will benefit 40,000 thousand people living in 20 villages.
In the C1 men’s category, Indra Sharma from Meghalaya finished in 6th position.
On the same day, police recovered another Royal Enfield bike (AS-01FU-9482) from Muplang village and took it to Jowai Police Station.
The Minister of State for Development of North Eastern Region and Cooperation, Shri B.L.Verma, the Minister of State for Agriculture and Farmers Welfare, Shri Kailash Choudhary, the Minister of State for Agriculture and Farmers Welfare, Sushri Shobha Karandlaje are also seen.
If India had not taken all-inclusive measures at the right time, the situation in our country today would have been very different from what we see today.
This Act, which has increased the value of the customs and traditions especially of the Chiefs, Priests, Sirdars, Wahadars, Dolloi Ministers, Basans, Raid Chiefs, Raid Chiefs, Rangbah Shnongs and Sordars in Khasi and Jaintia Hills, even after Many writings to the KHADC authorities until these days we see that all the Dorbar Kur, Shnong, Raid Hima authorities have been overthrown by the KHADC authorities and do not want to bring about clean governance within the Dorbar Hima Mylliem which is the path of foreigners.
The issue they have put forward is regarding the ambulance vehicles which are now in danger. In this regard, the government will take action and the government wants them to Ambulance vehicles should be running and the maintenance of the vehicles will be a company from the government.
About 60 schools have come to take part in this day.
The cycle race will start from Law College Ground, Tura where the flag will be laid by the Minister of Sports, Zenith M Sangma. The winner of this cycle will receive a cash prize of T.50000/-.
At present, 91 samples have been taken for testing and sent for testing after one case and the results of these tests are awaited.
On this Facebook Account/Page, a statement was posted which reads, “The Sur of Myndie for the country and the people.
Identifying key gaps in resources and assurance used for integration related projects.
In his speech, Bah Ardent urged the people to put the nation first and the religion behind.
There has been a huge disruption in employment and other activities, especially for students in their studies and examinations.
Shillong, July 20: The Raid Marwet under the Mylliem Hima has once again completed the Sohjer ceremony at Baridua in Ri Bhoi District.
It is true that these days, to travel from one place to another in EJHD will take 4-5 hours instead of only 10 minutes due to the poor condition of this road. which brought traffic all day every day.
Shillong, Nailar 20: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangmau, who today took the oath of office to bring unity in the country, said that there are political parties and civil society organizations which want to bring divisions between communities.
Other members of the party include B Diengdoh, SS Langi, Diverland Lyngdoh and Gino Sangma as Vice President, SS Rapthap as Secretary General and Banteidor as Secretary General. Lyngdoh was appointed as treasurer.
The government's inability to do anything about this road has attracted the state to foreign tourists.
The Anti-Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) on Saturday arrested a man from a bus at Mawryngkneng village coming from Silchar.
Shillong, July 15: Police in East Jaintia Hills District today seized 631.37 grams of heroin from two vehicles coming from Assam and arrested two persons in connection with the incident. the drug trade.
After that, I went to Mawryngkhang.
The fish here come up well during the rainy season and it will be difficult for the boats to cross from one side of the river to the other during the peak season.
Anyone who violates this order shall be liable to imprisonment for up to 7 years and a fine of T.10 lakh under Section 59 (iv) of the Food Safety and Standards Act,
The Meghalaya State Agriculture Produce and Livestock Facilitation Bill, 2020 has been introduced by the Government of Meghalaya.
The State Government cannot look at the Bills of the Autonomous District Councils but will wait until they have become Laws/Acts/Rules before it can point out the parts of the Act creating ADCs that are in conflict. and the Act enacted by the State Government, and the clause or any other clause shall be repealed by the High Court and not by the State Government.
They are confident that with the help of the Government of Meghalaya, we will be able to reach the goal and introduce a voluntary blood donation system that will be an example for other states. .
Speaking to reporters after a meeting of the Khasi Jaintia Deficit Teachers Association (KJDSTA) The Garo Hills Deficit School Teachers Association (GHDFSTA) has said that the report of the Fifth Pay Commission has included the deficit teachers. The Chief Minister of the State before the start of the Dorbar Tlang.
At this meeting, the UDP accepted the resignation of Bah Dip from the party. At the same time, the UDP constituency congratulated him for his purpose. On the other hand, the UDP Mawphlang Constituency is blessed to have reached its goal as it hopes to get the BJP ticket to contest the MLA elections. in 2018 from Shillong North Constituency.
It is on this basis that he has lodged a complaint with the KHADC at the Trade Department for violating the trade rules.
Shillong, July 14: A one-day training for Meghalaya Government officials on the topic of “Enterprise Architecture” was held today at Yojana Bhavan Shillong. the state government.
Regarding the full recognition of employees and the equal pay for the same job, the authority since November 2017 has responded regularly while it is considering this. task.
Therefore, there is a great need for close cooperation between women and men especially in the implementation of the Meghalaya Compulsory Marriage Act and to support the enactment of the Equitable Distribution of Ancestral Property.
The KSU has visited the area after Bangladeshis came to dig with plastic barriers and their visit reached Mawthum.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: NESFAS today conducted a training in Laitsohpliah and surrounding villages in East Khasi Hills on how to convert fertilizer from garbage. The training was conducted by Dr. Carl O. Rangad Vice Chairman, NESFAS. The villages that attended the training were Laitthemlangsah, Nongtraw and Dewlieh.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 96,719 people have tested positive for COVID-19, 95,069 have recovered and 1,622 have died.
The 2nd and 3rd Division Cricket Tournament organized by the Shillong Cricket Association in collaboration with the Samkhamti came to an end on Thursday at Urkaliar Stadium, Shillong.
Police arrested Bearsingh on the night of the 2nd of this month from Dudhnoi in Assam on the border with Meghalaya. Police also arrested his girlfriend Sengchi D Sangma from Majipara in Assam.
The Training Program was attended by 250 students from 7 schools selected by Holy Cross, Spes Unica, Meghalaya Region from different parts of the state. to train them how to become effective leaders in various fields, to pave the way for them to improve their own lives and especially to grow spiritually.
Shillong, Naiar 01: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today met with the Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof. PS Shukla in the presence of the Chairman of the NEP Implementation Committee of the University Dr. Syngoh.
In these new books, although they have not been able to examine them thoroughly, they have found that there are errors in the Economic book, not all but some chapters, such as the first chapter for Class IX and the fourth chapter of the same book.
The question is, who made the law and signed these two soskular? Why does the Congress reject the Three Tier Cards and the Foreign Act and not the Inner Life Permit?
Regarding the influx of foreigners, the Prime Minister acknowledged that this is true and said that they should be searched for and if found to be mynder ri. to expel them to their land and country, at the same time he said that the Indian villagers should not be affected.
The four Himas which have been invited are Mylliem, Jirang, Nongspung and Sirdar Jyrngam. you are meeting.
“There is no such proposal because the loan they have taken was before the COVID-19 pandemic but we have held meetings with various banks to extend the deadline for the farmers to repay the loan. that they took," he said.
The slander of this religious organization against the Presbyterian Church is unacceptable and strongly condemned.
In addition, a 50-bed hospital has been opened at Safdurjung Hospital in Delhi for the treatment of patients.
George B. Lyngdoh on Saturday resigned as Vice President of the Trinamool Congress, saying, “It is a personal decision”.
The HITO asks whether the IOA can be discussed only by the Chief Minister and Home Minister without the presence of the owners of the positions such as the Syiems, Lyngdohs, Sirdars of the Khasi Hills or the Federation of Khasi States. The National Commission for Scheduled Tribes (NCST) on 26 April 2012 approved the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement of the Khasi States followed by letters from the NCST Chief to the Union Home Minister of India. The Minister of Home Affairs of Meghalaya has been speaking against the terms of the agreement.
The needs of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSMEs) were looked at more closely.
The backwardness of the areas bordering other countries is excessive.
The last lection for the Fifth House was held on the 3rd of June.
The Security Manager of the bank said that the bank has installed a machine to print passbooks and has also installed a machine at the counter in case the machine breaks down. whenever.
He said that he used to call Asht Lakshmi to the eight states of the North East from time to time. Peace, Electricity, Tourism, 5G, Culture, Traditional Agriculture, Sports, and Opportunities in the Area.
Donroi Kshiar, Assistant General Secretary, Ribhoi District, said that the union had lodged a complaint regarding this road on 10th June 2019 and on 10th June 2019. The road has been constructed without the permission of the KHADC and the state government.
The training to be taught at these centers will be in accordance with the present era in order to create employment opportunities for the youth, he said.
The villages that have received this assistance are Chandaboi, Silbaripara, Dalupara, Fakirkona, Dumnikora, Namchapara, Baburam Bill, Jatrakona, Dalugaon, Jhalopara, Managiri, Batabari, Chenkhali, Kapasipara, Kapasipara North, Kapasipara South, Ramchanga, Dhumagiri, Dipulipara, Baigankona, Goshgaon, Sibbari, Benaguri, Damdama, Rangrochi, Rasnagiri, Nilwagiri, Darshangiri, Adangiri, Badurboi, Netri, Dabram, Arapara, Jhankhol, Makbul Wag, Bhakmara, Melikana, Malikana , Bilcona, Rangasora and Badambari.
Speaking at a public meeting before the opening of the compost bins, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh (Bah Pai), MDC Mawkynrew Constituency who was also the chief guest on the occasion, said that cleanliness is the most important thing. in society because it is also the source of health.
The task is heavy, we need to join hands together to protect the rights of the children of thousands and especially the rights of their authorities, khaddar and judiciary,, and, the time demands that the State Government – India, to mention and express these traditional forms of government and these principles in the Constitution of India through the Amendment to the Constitution of India under Article 370(A), so that India will know. and recognize the Dorbar.
The Meghalaya Police Department, on the directive of the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma and under the supervision of the Director General of Police (DGP), Dr. LR Bishnoi, has launched a campaign against drug trafficking. free the state from drugs.
“We strongly urge that this matter should be taken seriously as we have found some officers who have been in the same post for more than 15 years by transferring from one Unit to another Unit within Shillong and East Khasi Hills District but not to other districts,” said Bah Donbok.
Speaking to media, Wansuk Lapasam, one of the directors of the company, said that these plastic-free plastic bags will be launched tomorrow at St Edmund's Shillong.
“We feel that if it is used by building a footpath, it will be beautiful and clean especially this road which is used by the authorities to go to NEIGRIHMS or other places in New Shillong,” said Bah. S Diengdoh.
It is expected that there will be no further requirement of the Central Government for this release.
Bah Shylla said that the former Secretary did not do it of his own accord, but did what he was ordered to do and did it on the orders of the higher authorities. The FIR said that if the EC does not do so, the rule of the Governor will come according to the AD Rule of KHADC. Chairman of the House Committee, Manstudy Nongrem, Telinia Thangkhiew, Teinwell Dkhar, Members of the House Committee, Ban Basaiawmoit, said that the FIR has been filed. This report shall be sent back to the EC for further action.
In a statement sent to reporters, Sainkupar Nongtraw said that the HNLC strongly condemns the state government's decision to shut down MCCL Ltd. long for the benefit of no re of no.
The method of installation is not that they just put it, but they covered it with plastic and then they started to build a tank and they put it and there was no leakage.
At the same time, he urged the people not to allow the MLAs to stay calm but to leave. Ardent said the VPP has condemned the MDA government's misunderstanding and vowed to fight until they reach the goal of victory.
Andrew Shullai (INC) of Jowai Central
Shillong, November 24: The capital of Meghalaya has lit up with colorful lights prepared by various churches to decorate their churches this Christmas
Besides providing free medical treatment, the BSF also distributed computers, knives, sports equipment and other items to the homes to help improve the quality of life in the area. that house that sem.
The union at this meeting demanded that the Director should take action and resolve this issue before the union takes any other measures.
The new vehicle has 15 safety features such as airbags, led lights, speakers, 360 degree camera and others. how are you jukba now.
The intensive special outreach program will be conducted in all three states of Meghalaya, Mizoram and Tripura.
This will help a lot in clearing the backlog of cases and also ensuring timely access to justice.
In the democracy of India and other countries, even if there is more than 10 votes, it is considered a majority and he wins.
Swami Hitakamananda, Secretary, Ramakrishna Mission Shillong in his speech, encouraged the youth to be inspired by Swami Vivekananda, his words and deeds.
East Jaintia Hills District is one of the districts with many factories and with the coming of the railway line it will benefit these factories and the question is whether the local traders will benefit from this,” he said. he said.
According to the RTI, the allocation of funds is T.82.54 lakh tyngka. After receiving the DPR from MTDC, I went to Lum Sohpetbeng to inspect 22 buildings in the area. This is a surprising thing.
The soil from Meghalaya will be sent to the state in these days and should arrive before the 28th of October.
It will be a place for the public such as researchers, film-makers, historians, readers and so on.
The application fee will be T.150/- per job.
Therefore, the party urges all the members of the party from all over the Bri U Hynniewtrep to attend this program as part of the tribute to this leader of the party who has stood firm for the cause of the party. Community.
Regarding this statement, the Seng raises the question how the curfew imposed by the government has not been implemented for these jhur traders who pass through one state to another and if it is fully implemented as It was not announced why these people from Assam came to Diengiei.
The HYC said that instead of advocating for the demands of the people, the MLA has chosen to be like a thlong who just listens from time to time. .
On the other hand, the President of MERMRIWU alleged that at this time, the law enforcement agencies when they came to pass the vehicles, they seized the weapons that the workers had thrown away. and the new equipment.
Banks, ATMs, Treasuries, Petrol pumps, LPG, home delivery, food delivery, shops recognized by the government who import goods to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, and government officials who are on duty.
As the Minister had to attend another meeting, he could not explain why the party came to demand the removal of the BDO of Mawthadraishan. The BDO has not been appointed to the Block for a long time.
It is hoped that through this tour, there will be a long-term cooperation between the media and government departments in these two regions which will pave the way for exchange of views.
KSU JHDU will also hold a public rally on the 04th June 2014 which is the Khasi National Awakening Day starting at 1 pm.
According to a statement from the HFU, the HFU has received complaints from farmers that the kilo cut is not only in Iewduh, but in various markets including Ri-Bhoi, West and Southwest as well as in Jaintia. Hill District.
To ensure that the law does its job, to investigate and punish those involved in this corruption allegation, in this meeting also against the government's unreasonable delay in holding the elections to the House of Representatives. The GHADC dorbar which was scheduled to be held in April this year.
On the same day, the union also inspected the laboratory of the college and found that the college does not have an adequate laboratory for the use of the students.
In his speech, Bah Junestar Kharbuli President of BAM said that the purpose of this blood donation is to educate the people to understand the importance of blood for those who need it. in the midst of the trouble of the sick.
On the other hand, Bah Himalaya congratulated the Chief Minister for announcing the upgradation of Mairang Civil Sub Division to a District and this is to promote the development of the state as a whole.
They were welcomed by Dr S Shrivastav, Assistant Director, Sports, Government of Madhya Pradesh including NRAI officials and MP Rifles Association officials.
Shillong, November 16: Due to the increase in the number of cases of COVID-19 in Shillong, the District Administration of East Khasi Hills District has decided to reinstate the quarantine facilities. testing center for the public in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic.
It promotes tourism now and will also open up many opportunities in the future.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: A total of 627 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in the state today, bringing the total number of cases in the state to
Shillong, Naitung 27: The Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya in charge of Animal Husbandry, Dr C Manjunatha, today said that the Government of Meghalaya will purchase 100,000 breeding pigs from England to breed them in Meghalaya.
According to the documents, the government has increased the price of medicines since 19th July 2018 and this same price has not increased until now where the government has not increased the price of medicines even after four years.
This evening, it was seen that people have rushed to the market to buy food items while many of the shopkeepers have driven away their daily necessities.
Like Iraq, Syria, or the Middle East, tourists are very few compared to other peaceful countries.
Shillong, March 5: The Cabinet meeting will be held in the next few days to take a decision on the Garo Hills Legislative Assembly. Autonomous District Council (GHADC).
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The Citizenship Forum (HYC) Mawsynram Circle has apologized to the Rangbah Shnongs, other elders and residents of Mawsynram area for using the lights inside the city. under the supervision of MeECL Mawsynram Division.
"M1p(i)," said the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Rijuraj Ravi in ​​a statement sent to the media.
He was the Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Nonglum for 55 years.
“Besides the issues that I have shown and mentioned to the people, I will work fairly and if there are others who will show, I am ready to accept them if I win,” he said. the Pastor's house.
Referring to the election, the party urges the government to use the ballot papers during the voting and not the EVMs. The Government has not been able to stop the corruption in the state.
I would like to ask you a question whether you are a member of JYF or not and you want to know about the political affairs of the Seng. clarity to those of you who are using yourselves in the name of the people to take advantage of the opportunity to defame or slander the Seng, when you yourselves have no discussion or consultation with the leaders of the Seng at all.
This helped promote local connectivity.
Shillong, Lber 28: The scrutiny of the nomination papers for the Lok Sabha MP elections to be held on 19th June 2024 has found that all 10 candidates are eligible. 6 from 1-Shillong (ST) Parliamentary Constituency and 4 from 2-Tura (ST) Parliamentary Constituency.
thus he encouraged them to be humble and respectful to others, to be wise and understanding and to be strong in the spirit of action.
65% of the market growth in India is not employed in the country.
In a letter sent to the KHADC, it was said that on behalf of Ka Mei-Sin and her children, namely, Kpoh Majaw, Kurbah including Rapsang Kurbah/Marbisu, Basaiawmoit including Lyngwi, Syngkli including Muktieh and Be, Lyngdoh Peinlang, Khongji including Khongwar and Hynniewta including Langpen, we have taken action on this proposal by holding a consultation among them.
The Director of NEIGRIHMS, Prof. DM Thappa was the chief guest.
Anborlin, a mother of two who also works for the Chakma Autonomous District Council in Mizoram, said she was selected for the competitions in Dubai and London but because of The lack of fans has prevented them from attending these competitions.
Even Simplex Infrastructure Pvt Ltd, which was supposed to start work on this road from January 10 this year, has not done anything yet.
East Jaintia Hills has three cases, one employee of Pamra Paithlu PHC who tested positive on the day of the test and four others who were in close contact with the employee.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The Karbi People Liberation Tiger (KPLT) has launched a campaign against the residents of Block II area.
Amit Shah said that so far 5 lakh people have registered on the platform and the process of returning the money to the depositors has started.
Shillong, Nailur 11: The 2nd Inter SS KUR Football Championship 2016 will be held at Smith on the 17th of this month. Let's give the names of the reports to the 25th generation.
This is a special initiative targeted only at women in the North East by allowing them to take loans to start businesses to build residential buildings, as a middle ground to start. unemployment, income growth and self-reliance.
Shillong, July 17: Police in East Jaintia Hills District have seized improvised explosive devices from the ground floor of M/s Meghalaya Coke at Bther.
It is estimated that the first phase will be completed within 24 months. The cost of the construction of the house will be T.9.8 crore and now the amount has reached T.3.07 crore.
(Photo by Sanjib Bhattacharjee).
Ktei trading port is also one of the most popular tourist attractions of the country.
The Seng said that until now there is still a tin fence around the place of worship and it has been learned that foreigners have received permission for about 500 sq feet and they are still asking for another 250 sq feet. I'm going to go to the bar.
He said that the party does not expect Bah PN Syiem and does not know where he has to meet and demand that he should withdraw the NOC, if the KHADC does not withdraw if anything happens to Bah PN Syiem. he has to take responsibility.
The North East is a region where the nine states live in peace and harmony.
The CEM of KHADC said that they will not send a letter to the government as soon as possible. the government doesn’t listen.
Shillong, July 09: Although the Meghalaya government has allowed to start trade to Bangladesh through the Tamabil port, the Custom Office has informed that till today no goods have been smuggled from Bangladesh. This place is in Bangladesh.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: Tourists from all over the world will witness a joint retreat ceremony at the Integrated Check Post Dawki in the presence of the Border Security Force (BSF) and Bangladesh Border Guard (BBS) troops.
Regardless of religion, the Seng urges and warns all government departments, companies and agencies to close on this day as the majority of Khasi are Christians and all want to take part in the celebration of this special day.
According to the confession of the mother, she said that she committed the crime in June this year and the police have arrested the mother on this confession.
On the part of the Sein Jiantia, Bah NR Shullai, Bah RL Shullai, Bah W Pyrbot and Bah B Lamare spoke on the occasion.
The Customs Office will go around the districts to explain to the public about the implementation of the GST. There are different prices for how much to pay and not to pay.
The Executive Committee will write to the District Council Affairs Department of the Government to issue a notice that the implementation of the CPC and CrPC will not affect the District Council Courts unless there is a notice from the Government. There will be many problems later.
Shillong, Nailar 01: There are 17 new cases of COVID-19 in East Jaintia Hills, 1 in East Khasi Hills, 1 in Ri Bhoi, 2 in West Garo. The total number of cases in 8 hills, 2 in West Jaintia Hills and 1 in West Khasi Hills has risen to
Out of the 49 cases, 12 cases have been confirmed, 1 case from East Garo Hills, 9 cases from East Khasi Hills, 1 case from West Garo Hills and 1 case from West Jaintia Hills. in the place of treatment until now.
Bah Kynsai said that this amendment was made without informing the Hima and the District Council Affairs (DCA) and without the approval of the Governor. she lyndet.
The DSEO's office in a statement said that the office will not send letters to those who apply for these teaching posts but they should attend the interview according to the dates and dates specified. they.
The old Legislative Assembly at Khyndailad collapsed in 2001 and the construction of the new Legislative Assembly has been delayed for many years. The construction of the new Legislative Assembly of the State can start after it collapsed.
Tura, March 07: Two GNLA leaders Zen Roberth CH Marak alias Rupanto and Armindra B Marak alias Rangdat have surrendered to their police station. Police of East Garo Hills District.
The Dorbar Shnong has ruled that the authorities cannot open the factory until they have brought the woman and the man away.
They come from all regions of the country, all walks of life, all ethnicities and all socio-economic groups.
The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HNM) on Tuesday submitted a petition to the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Thomas A. Sangma requesting him to encourage the members of the Legislative Assembly to speak Khasi and Garo. They will take part in the discussions as approved by the Rules of Procedures and Conduct of Business, in the Budget Session of the State Legislative Assembly which will start from the 16th of this month.
Regarding this request, the Cabinet has decided to direct MeECL to prepare a comprehensive report and submit it to the committee for discussion before the government accepts it. you are the owner of the Corporation.
She said that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare will start conducting public awareness campaigns on the disease to the public especially to school children to raise awareness about the disease. which took many lives.
The Union of Cooks cum Helpers PM POSHAN Meghalaya (UCCHPM Poshan) has vowed to strike if the State Government does not pay their salaries within this month. October.
Police have arrested three persons suspected to be smugglers from this taxi.
Eight cases have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills, one in West Garo Hills and one in West Jaintia Hills.
The development of the Land Port Dawki was approved by the High Level Empowered Committee (HLEC) of the Ministry of Home Affairs on 4th June
Shillong, Jymmang 9: The Seng Kmie has congratulated the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District Shillong for seeing the announcement written in Khasi which shows the respect for the language.
In conclusion, the parents of Step by Step School have requested the Government through the Education Department to immediately formulate an Education Policy in the State for the purpose of permission especially in relation to private schools.
The PM Awards for Excellence in Public Administration were established with the aim of recognizing and rewarding outstanding services to the citizens by Districts and groups of the Central and State Governments.
KSU Narpuh Circle President Samla Syrosse Lamare has vowed to take strict action against the employees of the electricity department if they do not provide light soon.
Shillong, Lber 26: Meghalaya Police today arrested Agens Kharshiing from her house at 6 pm on a complaint by the Deputy Secretary of the Administration Department. (SAD) The Priest.
Regarding electricity, the Prime Minister of Bangladesh said that Bangladesh needs a lot of electricity and Meghalaya has the potential to generate electricity if there is cooperation in this regard. section.
Shillong, Iaiong 28: Many people have posted inappropriate photos and videos on FB and WhattApp, police have warned against these acts and if found guilty, they will be arrested. who are involved and are covered by the IT Act,
It now supplies Lakadong shynrai to more than 15 states in the country.
Where is the glory of the District when the Head Offices are still being demanded to be relocated from the headquarters of the District.
Member- Indo British Parliamentary Forum.
All Border Areas, Circles and Units are requested to attend.
Other candidates, Zenith M Sangma received 48,709 votes and Labeng Ch Marak received 6,910 votes.
Byrnihat Police Station has registered the case and the investigation is ongoing to find out more about those involved in the smuggling. These people are now in the custody of the police for investigation.
If this development is revived, the youth of the area will be able to express and disseminate to the public the work that the state governments are doing from time to time in the development of all aspects of the country. agriculture, health, education and so on.
Williamnagar, Iaiong 30: The Principal Chief Conservator of the Forest Department, Bah Y.Shullai, today said that forest guards are very responsible and need modern skills. current in carrying out their duties to stop forest destroyers.
On the part of the MLA of Jowai, Bah Wailadmiki, the MLA of Jowai, Bah Wailadmiki, has congratulated the people of Behdeinkhlam. long and bright.
At this meeting of the BAC, it was decided that the session of the dorbar will be held from 4th to 17th October 2022. The total number of sessions will be 10 days. for government business and three days for the opposition.
Referring to the number of beds in the hospitals, Prestone said that so far there is no shortage, although the government is struggling to increase the number of beds.
There are 30 candidates for this training.
The SP said the relatives had identified that he had attempted suicide twice.
During the meeting, the Prime Minister urged the teachers to wait until the end of this month to release their salaries.
Jowai, Jymmang 11: The President of the All Jaintia Hills Transporters Association (AJHTA) Bah Balen Thubru, while speaking at a public meeting held at 7-Mer today, said that the association has already decided to They wrote to the Government to implement the decision issued on 10/8/2019 that the price of baikit will be T.0.70 per quintal and T.1400 per tonne to Byrnihat.
Shillong, March 25: The Entrance Examination for Class Vi to Class IX will be held on the 5th of July. year 2014-2015.
Shaili said she is delighted to have this opportunity to bring this honor for the country to become Mrs International World Ambassador 2019-2 Prahlad Singh Patel, Minister of Tourism of India.
There are some States that have worked better in this regard.
According to photographs taken by the public sent to the reporter, the ground floor of the school has been flooded with water which has turned into a lake.
If the Government or the Commission does not agree, the JSU will take other measures.
The findings of these studies suggest that there are no health effects due to EMF radiation.
The Union is pleased that the Government should consider upgrading the EE Office of the department from PWD SDO Office to PWD EE Office. “If the North Division has already been relocated to Shangpung, why don't you relocate the South Division to Amlarem, which is a Civil Subdivision for a long time? Amlarem subdivision?” “We strongly demand that the Government should act immediately otherwise the Seng will launch strong protests from now on.
He said that they have the trust of the people and this will be known on the day of the boot.
Tura, Naitung 15: The Achik National Volunteer Council (GNC-B) in a statement today said that it wants the leader of the Garo National Liberation Council (GNC-B). (GNLA) Sohan D Shira to be one of the founders of the social peace process, said DD Shira.
Furthermore, the handover of these sub-stations to the company will create jobs for many students of the state especially those who have passed in the field of electricity including those who have completed their studies. There are 3 Polytechnic Institutes in the state.
I have known him for many years, he is a good man and has done many things for the people of Meghalaya,” said Bah Hek.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: The Lama Meghalaya People's Forum (MPF) today decided to meet with the Governor of Meghalaya, Meghalaya, on Tuesday. Dr KK Paul to brief him on what has happened in the state in the past two months.
The Deputy Commissioner said that the office has already sent all the documents to the Revenue Department for the release of the funds to cover the school building. to hold a school again in this school building.
As no order has been received from the MHA, the State Government has decided that the order issued on 17th November 2020 will remain in force until further notice. said the Minister of State for Education.
