Referring to the Hima, the CEM said the EC wants to see that all the Hima should have a full Chief Executive Member, but those involved in the case do not have to wait for the decision of the Hima. you are a judge.
In his speech, he said that this aquaculture mission has been successful only among a few.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has announced his intention to release an investment of Rs 80 lakh crore for the development of maritime sector during this period.
A case has been registered at Shillong Sadar Police Station under the provisions of the NDPS Act,” said the SP (City).
Shillong, July 19: Christina Warjri, 93 years old, wife of (L) Elindro Wahlang, resident of Mawlai, Mawlyngdop, passed away on Tuesday morning at her residence.
At the same time, the Dorbar Shnong requests the state government authorities from various departments of the district, to please recognize from now on these village leaders who have been elected by the people, at any time. said the new Secretary of the village.
In the match between Mizoram and Nagaland, Mizroam beat Nagaland 3-1 and this victory qualified Mizroam for the final.
During his visit to the Civil Hospital Shillong, the Chief Minister also held a meeting with the doctors of the hospital and congratulated the doctors and nurses who have worked hard at the hospital. fight against COVID-19 in the state.
Shillong, Naitung 06: The Executive Committee of Bah HS Shylla of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today sent a letter to the Chief Minister to lodge a complaint against the Chairperson of the Meghalaya State Women Commission. The bill was passed by the KHADC to the Lat of the state.
This was witnessed by reporters today during a visit to one of the schools of Jowai Govt Basic LP& UP School.
After the rituals at the Raij Mawbuh, the elders of the San went up to the altar on the top of Mount Sohpetbneng for the rituals and rituals that ended immediately. and he blessed the grain, before distributing it to the people.
The bodies of the deceased were handed over to the relatives for last rites.
" He also said, “There has been a lot of progress in the way technology is used recently in the media.
The Minister's visit came after the two kilometer tunnel was blown up by dynamite.
Shillong, July 07: The Ministry of Information and Broadcasting (I&B) and the Ministry of AYUSH have launched preparations for the International Day of Yoga (IDY)
Speaking to media, Bah Ialamphang Lyngdoh, President of TGAM, said that the meeting with the CEM of KHADC was to discuss the issue of foreign tour operators operating within the border. The Council does not have the right to consult with the Tour Operator.
He said that the Chief Executive Members have the responsibility to discuss this in the Hima and Dorbar Shnongs. He said that there are many things that need to be clarified such as the word “Local Authority” and others.
Shillong, Lber 25: Police are investigating into the fire of a petrol truck at Nongrim Hill on Tuesday. kit umphiang you catch fire.
To support the strike in Meghalaya, the UFBU Meghalaya Unit will hold a one-day sit-in at the Head Office of the State Bank of India from 11.00 am to 5.00 pm on 10/3 /2021 that's Tuesday.
“The MHA has also decided to grant a three-year extension beyond the stipulated age for Agniveers to join the CAPF & Assam Rifles.
Shillong, November 25: The world has celebrated the special day of the Lord Jesus Christ in a special manner especially in Shillong where Christians of different religions have held services. and their tradition to remember this Christmas day.
Other speakers on this occasion explained how drug abuse affects the family, health and society because it is a bad drink, child marriage affects the society. It is a human being in the world if you marry before the time and these destroy the country as a whole.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday put up banners and posters across the city to remind the MDA government led by the National People's Party (NPP) that will take action to ensure the rights of four Khasi-Pnars who lost their lives on 22nd November, 2022 in the shooting by forest guards and Assam Police in Mukroh village, West Jaintia Hills District.
This will be held on the 10th of July next year and will be for men only.
They also discussed the excessive checking by the Assam police of vehicles from Meghalaya, which the union will inform the government.
Pyndap Syiemlieh, Publicity Secretary Jantis Dkhar, Ngaitmi Biam Organizing Secretary, Parson Lamin Education Secretary, Kitdor Roy Mukhim Cultural & Sport Secretary, Meban Wahlang Discipline Secretary, Pilot Biam Office Secretary and 10 members as Executive Members.
The ceremony was held at Raj Bhavan Shillong today. The Governor of West Bengal, Phagu Chauhan was the chief guest. Harish Chandra Chaudhary, IFS, Principal Secretary to the Government of the State.
The Prime Minister urged them to move forward with what they want to do from now on so that they can get a life and not look at the short path in life and said that they should take They have learned how to move forward in achieving what the government has to offer.
In the coffin exhibition, the PHE office won the first prize, followed by the Deputy Commissioner (Election) office which came second and the Divisional Soil and Water Conservation Office which came fourth.
It is only through the clarification of the IOA & AA under Article 370A as well as the Jammu and Kashmir Constitution under Article 370, that we will get back the rights as enshrined in the Khasi States Constitution Making. Dorbar under the Constitution of India.
Because before the election to replace the President, the party will be defeated.
Today, she came forward to argue that the distribution of shares to the sons should be legalized because at present the shares are only for the daughters or especially for the youngest child.
Mairang, November 07: U Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy, today visited Khadsawphra College, Mairang, West Khasi Hills District, where he inaugurated the Open Library and Conference Room. Deputy Commissioner T Lyngwa and Superintendent of Police GD Kharwanlang.
Almost all of them are suffering from various diseases and disabilities.
At the same time, a road bridge has been constructed in the same area which has not been completed yet.
Meanwhile, Wistilian Sohtun has lodged a complaint with the Laban Police Station that on 31st November she had agreed with Bah Arnesson Dkhar to buy the land. 44,000 sq ft at the price of T.48,40,000/- tyngka and has paid T.6 lakh to the owner. fake court.
Regarding the allegations against him, he requested RTI from the MSDA office to get clarification on the allegations against him. Think about whether you will appeal to the court.
The union urged the government to take immediate action to provide teachers in all subjects and class rooms should be clean.
On this occasion, MPYC President Marak said that as the party, they will fight against the bill of the NDA government to the end, in any way.
Police have started investigation to find out who is involved in the bombing of these two persons on Thursday at Nongthliew village. arrest those who are guilty according to the law.
Shillong, Nailur 02: There is a saying many times that what is near cannot be seen, but what is far away, this has happened at the Shillong Market in Laitumkhrah. while the second floor of the market has been closed for many years.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to
Enrico D Pasi said that the polling station will be at the Club Hall in Phramer . The polling will start at 10 pm and end at 3 pm More than 500 people because those who vote are only the owners of the property.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The State Nadal Officer of the National Tobacco Program of Meghalaya, Dr Lana Lyngdoh Nongbri, on Tuesday said that the state Meghalaya is the smallest state in terms of the number of Duma users.
The Director General of Police, Bah PJP Haneman, told SP News Agency that the raid on the GNLA camp is one of the largest camps of the GNLA. books relating to its work.
The Minister was speaking at the National Christian Leaders Conference (NCLC) in Delhi today.
I urge you to strengthen these efforts for the efforts to end tuberculosis by
Shillong, November 21: Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, today convened a meeting to review the outbreak of COVID-19 in other states of the country. India.
Shillong, Nailur 27: The Federation of Adhoc School Teachers of Meghalaya today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma to discuss the issues faced by them. on their salaries.
Shillong, Lber 16: U Bah Vincent H Pala will today appear before the people to seek their support as the Congress candidate for the Lok Sabha MP elections for the third time.
New Delhi, June 15: The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, in his address to the people of the country on 14th June, 2020, announced that the curfew across the country will be lifted. continue until 3rd June, 2020 to prevent the spread of COVID-19 in the country.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: Leaders of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) including Deputy CEM Bah Pynshngain N Syiem in the presence of MDCs from the ruling and opposition parties and officers of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) The visit to the Khasi Heritage Village is part of the preparations for the Monolith Festival which will be held for three days.
“Therefore, we urge the Government of India, under your leadership, to take action and take an immediate decision on this issue.
In this discussion, the union does not want to see more universities that are not working and this is the mistake of the government which has rushed to pass them into law in
The gold biscuits were seized from the body of Sahidul Islam and two others who were with him. Police arrested and seized the vehicle at the same place. Ri Bhoi District has been elected.
He said, “It is because young men or women stand firm for the right job at the right time.
At present, the worst affected areas are Maheshkhola and Siju areas where there is no road to these areas. There are seven vehicle bridges, pedestrian bridges and trees. post lights that have been damaged in the area.
The three important parts of the Central Government, the Legislative Assembly, the Executive Government and the Judiciary, should also respect each other. federal and state governments, the move towards cooperation is exemplary for Constitutional reasons.
The Central Government has already allocated T.6300 crore for this purpose. According to the Central Government, all children in India should have the opportunity to go to school.
Telinia Thangkhiew, who conducted the election of the Deputy Chairman as Protem Chairman, expressed her regret that the opposition did not respect the KHADC. did not come to take part in the dorbar and hopes that they will come to take part in other sessions.
“India has nearly 17% of the world’s population and through being the fifth largest economy, has taken steps to reduce waste from GDP by 45% by and achieve Net Zero by
The women's organization is against the railway whether it is a passenger or small goods railway without a protection against the influx of other ethnic groups. to Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Nailur 22: There are 166 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 97 cases in West Khasi Hills and 72 cases in West Khasi Hills. , the total number of cases is
On receipt of this information, the police have seized the vehicle and during the search they have seized gold biscuits. T.22/- lakh.
Shillong, November 02: The Federation of Indian Export Organizations (FIEO) in collaboration with the Department of Commerce and Industries, Government of Meghalaya today held a workshop on export trade.
He said that to ensure the safety of the public from EMF radiation, India has implemented 10 times stricter standards than those directed by the ICNIRP and to ensure this, the DoT NE LSA tests man. So far 3557 out of 7190 BTS have been tested in Meghalaya and all of them have been found to be in compliance with the EMF rules.
The Bill was introduced in the House by the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, after amendments were made to clauses 2, 3, 6, 7 & .
If the medicines are not available, patients can place their request at the pharmacy and AMRIT pharmacy has assured the management of NEIGRIHMS to provide them within 48 hours.
After the arrest, Bah Kharbani complained that he was suffering from stomach pain and police sent him to hospital for treatment.
He also urged the MDC and MLA of Mawlai constituency to turn their attention to the family.
Speaking to SP News Agency, General Secretary Generous Warlarpih said that the party demands that the government should take action against this issue and also the Syiem of Mylliem Hima for this reason. The market falls under the jurisdiction of the Syiem of Mylliem.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: Two members of the HNLC today surrendered before the Home Minister James K Sangma in the presence of the DGP of Police Dr SB Singh.
Shillong, November 12: The Chief Executive Member of JHADC, Bah PN Syiem, has postponed the meeting of the Executive Committee of the KHADC which was scheduled to be held today. day.
He said the Modi government has taken many steps including making the North East free from alcohol, floods and illegal immigrants.
He said that this resolution contains 'Samvedna', 'Sankalp' and 'Sahanubhuti' along with the belief in 'SabkaSaathSabkaVikas'
“Even if the government has threatened us not to file a case against the Assam Medical College, we students are in darkness and we don't know what to do because we don't know whether we will win the case. rem" he said.
The directive has been sent to the DCs and SDOs from the 4th of this month and the DCs and SDOs have been ordered to inform the Food and Distribution Department on or before the 11th of this month. start or not to execute.
Speech was also delivered by the President of the party Ma Denis Siangshai, in his speech he said that the party has come to provide this. This is a gift to the students of this village, but our purpose is because we want the students to be brave in their search for information because why now is it? “We have given you a dictionary so that you don't know what you are suffering from,” he said.
Diengdoh said the tourism sector is a job multiplier that can generate employment for the local people and uplift the rural economy.
Speaking at the public meeting, the Chairman of JACSO, Bah Wallambok Syiemiong, said that the message to the Chief Minister was that if there is a uranium mining by UCIL in Garo Hills, they will oppose it. They don't want their Garo brothers and sisters to get sick from uranium mining.
The MLA of Gorkha Patshala today met with the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh to protest against the Happy Valley Gorkha Patshala for issuing certificates to residents. and to obtain a birth certificate.
Dohkrud said that so far 60 people have appealed to the Supreme Court against the Citizenship Amendment Act 2019. From this state there are two NESOs and their group.
Shillong, Lber 31: Members of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today closed down the banks that are open on this Sunday which is the day of Easter. you can't aili.
To allow the public to visit the body of the Archbishop was kept in the cathedral until the day of the funeral.
Pyniaid said he started his political career by meeting with the HSPDP leader. Other speakers included Opposition Leader Titosstarwell Chyne, Bindo M Lanong, Martle N Mukhim and Karnes Sohshang MDC Mawkyrwat.
Field Marshall Mawphniang, President of SRS Eastern Ri-Bhoi, has invited all the Rangbah Shnongs of Umroi Constituency and some of those from Mawhati Constituency but who are still under the umbrella of SRS Eastern. Ri-Bhoi, Liarbang, Khlieh Umstem, Mawlasnai, Umtngam, Tyrso and Block II are invited to attend the meeting on Saturday.
The government's lack of action to direct the NHAI and NHIDLC to improve the NH6 has caused the villagers to suffer from respiratory illnesses especially children during these rainy months.
Overwell said that the BDO's fraud has been revealed in the report that Wahlang village has 128 households and 112 job card holders. to 152 household projects, 71 on their part and 81 on the part of the Rangbah Shnong.
These two persons, who were arrested by the police on 2/8/2022, have confessed to being involved in the theft of goods from Rynjah and the stolen goods have been sold to another person. They have conducted an investigation to find out the buyer of the goods.
The students have complained to the KSU that they cannot register for classes because they have been banned by Captain Amitabh Thapa and his Nepali gangs.
He reminded the youth about the theme of the National Youth Day “Sankalp se Siddhi” which reminds that the youth can achieve anything.
For Meghalaya, schemes worth T.290 crore have been inaugurated by the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma. you can meet over the Internet.
He said that as NESO we are still fighting on the issue of CAA but if the Indian government forcibly implements this Act we must remember that even if we have to wait for the parents or members. the Nation should be ready to do so.
At present, the army is well equipped with shading in all aspects.
Before the start of the training programme, a meeting was held by Lakhon Ryngkhlem Chairman Dorbar Shnong Mihmyntdu. Herbert G. Lyngdoh was the chief guest.
The scheme was designed in consultation with 30 ethnic groups from the two states of Meghalaya and Nagaland.
Martin M Danggo said he is stepping down from the MLA seat as a sign of respect to the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and the NPP for bringing about this development work in the region and in the country. state as a whole.
Shillong, November 24: Christians across Meghalaya especially in Shillong have decorated their homes to celebrate Christmas by carrying the star in their homes.
Prof Badaplin War Padmashri Awardee, Chief Guest Prison and other leaders of various women's organizations were the chief guests.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: A group of civil society organizations including the KSU, FKJGP, HNYF, RBYF, ADE, AYWO and GSU today held a sit-in protest at Madan Malki Shillong to demand the rights of the people of Shillong. The Central Government should implement the ILP in the state as the raid has been approved by the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly.
For this reason, the durim on the theme of tiewlarun is a spirit of enthusiasm, enthusiasm and concern for many of the traditional talents in the society of the state.
The application for the establishment of the Medical College has been sought in the name of Shillong Medical College and will be merged with NEHU, the Minister said.
UNFF 19 has concluded with an agreement to take immediate measures to stop the loss and degradation of forest areas and also to curb land degradation, including the implementation of the United Nations. Strategic Plan for Forests and the achievement of the Global Forest Goals.
New Delhi, July 07: The Department of Telecommunications (DoT), North East Licensed Service Areas (LSA) will hold another meeting on the Prime Minister's Wi-Fi Access Network Interface (PM-WANI) at 11:30 am at on July 21, 2023.
In the Siat Para Marwei competition, Bah HedNongrum from Diengsong won the cash prize of Rs.10,000/- while Bah Distarbok Nongkynrih from Laitkyrhong won the prize. He came second and received a cash prize of Rs.4,000/- along with a prize.
In 2014, the Central Government wrote a letter to all the State Governments and Union Territories clearly stating that the States should have the same team of teachers and prohibited them from setting their own ranks due to the cost. The President of MSSASA, Bah Aristotle, said that the Minister's statement that nothing can be done without the He demanded that the department should be taken away from Bah Lakmen and called for a meeting between the President and the Minister. The Minister regarding the SSA to clarify everything.
Shillong, Lber 14: The Criminal Investigation Department (CID) of Meghalaya together with the West Bengal Police today rescued a child from the hands of kidnappers.
Many of those who have completed SSLC, HSSLC, BA, B.Com, MCom and MA have lost this job. part of the house.
Are they the Police Chiefs, the SP/DGP or the Ministers from the State Government or the Central Government or any religious/private groups who are against the Khasi and the Union?
The visit of the Regional Office of MBOSE in Shillong headed by the Executive Director has helped a lot to the students of various colleges.
The payment for GST expenses remains pending for the States and UTs for the year 2020-2
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with the traders, he said that during the meeting today, the traders said that the food items are in short supply, but the problem is that the Magistrates have not Issue a slip to the merchants who come to buy cannot give more than what is written on the slip.
Taking part in the discussion, Congress MDC from Rambrai-Jyrngam, Bah Bajop Pyngrope said that it is a shame that the Regional Committee has been appointed by the Government from both the States.
As the youth wing of the party will discuss whatever they see how to strengthen the party, what they will talk about is not to take a decision, as the youth wing will give advice to the party on how to and to strengthen the party.
Shillong, June 19: The Pensioners' Welfare Department of the Ministry of Personnel, Public Grievances and Pensions of the Union Government has received information that due to the current situation in relation to the Covid-19 pandemic and the situation of Many news reports have emerged that the Government intends to reduce or stop the pension which is a major concern for the pensioners.
He said that the Benami Transaction Act, 1980 and the Regulation of Trading by Non Tribal Authorities (1954) have been passed. the laws prohibited employment.
Today, at 7 pm, members of the KSU came out with materials to build a house for the Khasi people to live in Maxwelton Estate, an area occupied by other ethnic groups.
Shillong, July 28: The Federation of Persons with Disabilities today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma to express their concerns to the government. .
They also wrote to the government to correct this mistake for the safety of the people especially those who have bridges.
The youths who took part in this training are from the 42 Megh Sig Coy NCC, Shillong.
The three-year-old daughter of Dipherson Langwar and the three-year-old daughter of Bah Thious Shadap and Warlis Laurong have not been found.
“It is only a temporary post on the part of the Government to facilitate the functioning of the Lokayukta and the appointment has been issued for the Director of Inquiry in March, 2022 and for the Inquiries. Officers will be released in October
Shillong, Iaiong 11: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that after a meeting between the Chief Minister's Secretary Prestone Tynsong and the Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma, Sangma has decided that all MLAs will contribute 10% to the Chief Minister Relief Fund from 01 June 2020 to 31 October 2021, for a period of one year.
The Railway employees have helped to provide food to the people stranded at these two railway stations. The Railway Department is now struggling to repair these railway lines.
The union through this statement strongly warns all government offices and banks to respect all the special days of the Jaitbynriew and it is not their part to close until they come to fight with the members of the union. .
On the other hand, the CEO said that 32 new polling stations have been added. In the last MLA election, there were 3482 polling stations and now there are 3500 polling stations.
It is necessary to bring all the government departments together in one place so that it will be easier to get information from all the government departments in one place and this will help a lot in the years to come.
Shillong, Nailur 21: The Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Dr Donkupar Roy on Tuesday welcomed the four new MLAs who have won their MLA elections.
Shillong, Naitung 19: All those who receive Ratin under the National Food Security Act (NFSA) scheme must register their Aadhaar number.
Shillong, Lber 09: The National People's Party (NPP) Leader Prestone Tynsong has said that the MDA will meet next month to discuss the joint MP candidate.
When asked whether the organization wants to promote tourism in the state, it is willing to accept funding from other countries to promote tourism in the state. The party has not yet accepted the proposal as it is too early to discuss the issue.
Without wanting to be named, they said that the price of goods in the market increases and decreases with the village in terms of goods. What happens in the market is not surprising and it depends on the market conditions.
According to the authority of the District Administration, only 40 men and women were allowed to dance to complete the ritual.
Taking part in the discussion on the report submitted by the CEM in the House, Bah PT Sawkmie, Bah Manstudy Nongrem, Leader of the Opposition, Bah TS Thangkhiew and Bah HS Shylla said that This report shall be sent to the House Committee for consideration, as the accused shall also be given the opportunity to explain himself.
According to sources, at 8.30 pm, unidentified persons went to the school and met Pynksan Syiem son of Bah Manbha Dkhar. He had a car accident that he had to go with these people.
In his speech, Anil Kumar, Chairman of the school, urged the teachers to teach the children in such a way that they will progress in morality and what they do now they will get back. to be harvested in the days to come.
The Shillong Press Club sends its condolences to the family of Bah Ronaldstone Syiem, especially to his wife Baailang Lyngdoh Nonglait and son. he will give solace in such a tragic event.
New Delhi, June 22: The 24th June is a special day in the history of independence in India because on this day in 1993, the President of India passed the 73rd Constitutional Amendment. The Constitution recognizes Panchayati Raj groups or Panchayati Raj Institutions (PRIs) in the country.
The trees planted today are from different species. The purpose of the tree planting is to teach how to preserve the environment.
This was announced by the Minister of Communications and Communications, Manoj Sinha, in a written statement in the Rajya Sabha today. There are 391.50 million internet users in the country.
The problem of the workers is not only in GHADC, the workers of MeECL, MCCL and SSA teachers have not received their salaries for many months and this is the Christmas season.
The village leaders also demanded that the PHE should extend the water supply from 10 hours to 2 hours in the morning and if possible, 1 hour in the evening. to address the delay in the completion of the Umngot Water Supply Scheme which has been in progress for 12 years which has caused problems and losses to the entire Village of Jowai.
The Prime Minister said that there will be no discussion on the issue of Inner Line Permit.
February 2017.
Even the leaders of the Union of Dorbar Shong Shangpung do not have the knowledge and understanding to think of others and they are just demanding for their own benefit.
He said that all the six newly elected MDCs fall into the same category and some of them have not yet received the MDC but he is surprised how only the MDC of Mawthadraishan has received them all.
Speaking at the protest, G Kharraswai said that it was this government that brought Cheris from Bangladesh in 2018 to surrender and live a life like others. fellow citizens.
This Government has experienced China's Wolf Warrior Diplomacy to disrupt developing India.
The Chief Minister said this while addressing the Meghalaya Farmers' Parliament held at the State Convention Centre, Shillong.
Regarding the people of the State, the Seng would like to urge you all to think carefully before electing your leaders whom you will send to clean up for you.
The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) from West Jaintia Hills District took out a rally to Meghalaya Secretariat on the 29th of May, 2023, seeking to meet the seven MLAs from Jaintia Hills.
He said the aim is to ensure that the students of Meghalaya will be at par in education with schools in India as a whole.
According to Section 8 clause 9, 10, the land, the title deed, the title deed and the title documents issued by the KHADC under the Land Act identification and shall also be proof of ownership of the land and these documents shall also be recognized by Banks and other Financial Institutions.
During the meeting, the Chief Engineer promised to send for an inspection and within a day the construction work will start. now.
The training was very beneficial for these farmers from Khadar Shnong, Hima Sohra and who came from 13 villages including Khongthong, Warwar, Khrang, Tyniar, Mawtongreng, Nongsteng, Mawshuit, Nongtraw, and from Wah Sohra Village.
“The medicines have been damaged due to the inability to use them due to the outbreak of COVID-1
When attempting to contact the Working President of the Congress party, Deborah C Marak, she could not be reached for comment.
There are 148 recoveries in East Khasi Hills, 66 in West Khasi Hills and 39 in West Khasi Hills. there are 76223 people.
He said that the state government will also purchase about 20,000 Rapid Test kids and is in talks with the Ministry of External Affairs to give permission to import them.
In a statement, he said that those who oppose this action of the BJP government are only a few people who do not want to go smoothly and have a selfish motive.
To ensure this, the government will continue to open more colleges. For this reason, the government has approved the opening of colleges in Patharkhmah, Ribhoi and Rongjeng, East Garo Hills.
The delay was caused by the opposition of the people to pump water from the Mih Myntdu River and this delayed until the PHE had to find another water source.
This system bypasses banks and allows people to bypass paying taxes.
The plan to march was postponed after talks with the government.
Shillong, November 06: The office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat has informed the public that those who wish to register for Aadhar can visit the office on working days.
In his welcoming remarks, the Principal, Bah WL Warjri said that the college will have branches of Civil Engineering, Electrical Engineering and Computer Science.
In East Garo Hills, Arman Gare Momin will contest from 28 Darugre, in South West Garo Hills, Hellwithson A Sangma will contest from 11 Boldamgre. You're 10 years old.
He urged the people to give their full support to the PDF. He also alleged that the Congress party and other political parties like the Hill State People Democratic Party The HSPDP and the United Democratic Party (UDP) have failed to fulfill their promises, even after 45 years of independence, where they have failed to pass laws. to protect the country and the nation.
She said that all Anganwadis and one stop centers across the North East will receive assistance to ensure immediate resolution of the problems which will be monitored through the immediate measures of the Central Government.
Steve Syiemlieh took 3 wickets in 4 overs and Jetu Daimary took 4 wickets in 3 overs to win the Player award. of the Match.
The election for the MDCs to fill these vacant seats will be held on the 13th of this month. place to ask for public support.
He said that this step to demand a special session is only the first step regarding the issue of Reservation Policy and Roster System.
Khraw Kupar Nongsiej as Education Secretary, Arkinfield Khonglam as Social & Grievances Secretary, Constantine K. Mawlong as Office Secretary, Varcelano Lyngdoh as Assistant Office Secretary, Energy Cajee as Cultural Secretary. .
The West Khasi Hills authorities have already demolished the Atoskhana of 13 illegal coke plants within the district boundary and within 30 days the target has been set to demolish 57 coke plants. beaiñ now you can.
The Union also urges us to have a spirit of cooperation to make this river which has been built and maintained by the Creator by taking care of it, maintaining its cleanliness. a blessing to the present and future of our children.
Recently, through the media, it was reported that there was a clash inside the Mawpun Weight Bridge, West Khasi Hills District, Meghalaya and there were allegations between the police, the employees of the weight brigade and Bah Shainingstar Khardewsaw.
The Governor was speaking at a Citizens's Conference on Environment and How to Manage it organized by ICARE in collaboration with the Meghalaya Institute of Governance.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has been preparing to contest the MDC elections in Shillong. “Delimitation Committee”.
Shillong, July 19: The Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union (MEWU) today held a march from the office of GVK Lawmali to Madan Student Station to demand that the government should take action against the government. EMRI 108 services should be taken over in the state.
Speaking to Dr H Sengmon, the doctor said that the accounts related to the ASHAs were brought by a former accountant who has resigned. from work.
The Deputy Speaker said that the railway from Mendipathar to Coach Bihar will help the farmers of Garo Hills to transport their produce as the market is on the mainland of India. you are in the east.
As a sign of honor to the 25 elders, the union has erected this monument. The purpose of the union's visit to this place is to separate the local authorities and government authorities from being destroyed. The stones of name which they have built shall be preserved, and shall not be cut down at will.
The film stars Goldenstar Suchiag in the lead role and Wanri Pyngrope in the lead role.
Mawkyrwat November 18: With the aim of providing adequate health care to the rural people, the Government through the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) in collaboration with the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) The District Medical Officer of Nongstoin today held a Health Mela at Ranikor.
The Ministry of Agriculture in 2010-11; Director of Horticulture in 2013; from Indian Institute of Horticulture, Bangalore in 2013; from Assam Agriculture University, Guwahati in 2015; certificate of participation from NIAM, Jaipur, Rajasthan in 2017; the Government of Assam; The Best Farmer Award 2021 will be awarded at the Azadi Ka Amrit Mahatsav
Shillong, Nailar 06: The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District today explained that the people should not be afraid because what the police have done today is the preparation of the police to be who were ready to deal with any difficulties if they arose.
Also present on the occasion were senior journalist Bah RM Shabong as the chief guest, Bah David Laitphlang, fellow journalists, family members, political parties, police and others.
On the other hand, the KSU Balat has decided to hold a public rally at the KHADC tomorrow morning to protest against the decision of the KHADC led by Bah PN Syiem.
The tasks of this committee are to review the work done by the schools and to give approval for inclusion in the list and to recommend how to select schools for the second list. The Commissioner and Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya in charge of the education department.
This happened at Shanmari village under Lumshyiap village, Shillong.
For this purpose, the Enforcement Squads and Heads of Schools have a major role to play in this effort.
Confirming the incident, the Sub Divisional Officer (Civil) of Sohra, Salon Verma said that the case is still under investigation according to the rules of law.
Shillong, June 11: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today strongly condemned the attack on the Presbyterian Church leaders from Meghalaya in Bihar.
On the other hand, the union would like to thank Bah J.Thyrniang, Sub Divisional School Education Officer for understanding this issue and for promising to send this complaint to the office of the union. the Director of School Education and Literacy.
There will also be a discussion on how to increase the number of ration distribution centers to the people.
The suspects were arrested by the police after searching inside the village. They were arrested by the police after searching inside the village. , after receiving information that they may not be involved in this crime.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) today met with the VC of NEHU, Prof P Shukla to demand the resignation of Nantu Das, Assistant Director of Sports. to one young woman.
Shillong, July 19: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) today met with the DC of West Jaintia Hills District, Ma Garod LSN Dykes. Asst Finance Secretary and other leaders of the Seng.
Special Booth Level Officer Batimon Nongsteng, Special Booth Level Officer for Persons with Disabilities at Massar Polling Station, 27-Pynursla Assembly Constituency.
In a statement sent by HM Marbaniang, General Secretary of the Meghalaya SSA Schools Association (MSSASA), the Sengkmie said that on that day, the report received by the union from the officers of the Sarva Education Department will be clarified and discussed. SSA-SEMAM and Director of DSEL in the past few days.
– he said, “What will happen after the counting of votes on the 27th Feb 2014? We will see that these campaigns against the Congress will turn into a field and all the political parties will change their minds. to join hands with the Congress for the sake of the people of Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has spoken to these departments of the Central Government especially the Railway Ministry and the Civil Aviation Ministry to provide a special train and a special plane. for the people of Meghalaya.
Synrem asked the MeECL department what it has done in this regard.
It is also alleged that MeECL has appointed people without training to do the job and this has led to the death of electricity shock and this was evident from the incident at Rerapara village on The mother died and left this house, the mother and the children without a helper.
He said the government will hold a special session tomorrow morning to take a decision on the implementation of the ILP in the state. You cannot work in Meghalaya.
He said that the objections should be expressed only in a manner that can be built up by peaceful protests according to the will of the people.
Shillong, Iaiong 25: A High Level Meeting between the Government and the Opposition in the presence of the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh was held at the MLA Hostel today. ".
Lafarge's inability to do so is due to the inability of the Executive Committee of the Nongtrai Dorbar Shnong, said Trulywell Lyngdoh General Secretary.
Police have conducted a thorough investigation into the incident and arrested Tapan Mallakar of Dalugao, Kailashaher, Tripura. He took the help of Tapan Mallakar, who lives in Oakland, to buy a Black Wagon R with Delhi registration and converted it into an ML10B3
Jowai, Naitung 14: Once again, the Behdeiñkhlam, the religious festival of the Niamtre people of the Raij of Jowai, has come again.
In the women's category, the first team received 10,000 tyngka, the second team received 5,000 tyngka and the third team received 3,000 tyngka.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Adelbert said that the marriage of the Khasi children has become very difficult and many of the Khasi children whether they are girls or boys have married to other ethnic groups. , it is now necessary to show the power and authority of those who do this because if the marriage is wrong, everything is wrong.
In the past few months, the police have arrested many drug traffickers across the state including the police who have been accused of involvement in these illegal activities.
The family members demanded that the police should conduct a thorough investigation and immediately arrest the suspects.
In his concluding remarks, he congratulated and congratulated the organizers of the Uranium Film Festival-India 2013, and requested the KSU and other civil society organizations to take action to screen these films to all the people. Meghalaya so that it can be a beacon of light for the people.
The Rangbah Shnong of Lumdaitkhla, Bah ST Rympei, said that the woman should apologize within 24 hours and if she does not apologize, she will be punished. to proceed to law enforcement.
Shillong, Lber 08: Although the Congress party has its own party, no one is willing to demand a minister from the districts or blocks. Mukul did not appoint him as a minister and they still want to see those who have won many times.
He said that many of them have registered in villages which are not on the electoral roll of Meghalaya.
The SP of West Jaintia Hills District, HG Lyngdoh, said that they followed the vehicle after receiving a tip that there was a vehicle carrying weapons. number ML04 A 4600 standing near Thomas Jones Synod College.
Shillong, June 09: Chief Marshal Arup Raha, Chief of Staff of the Air Force (AFWWA), will be accompanied by his wife Lily Raha. ) will arrive in Shillong tomorrow morning and stay in Shillong to visit the Eastern Air Command (EAC) Headquarters.
Kharbani said that after the protest, if it doesn't work, the party will hold a public meeting on this issue. If the state government can't do anything, the party will leave. to talk to the Assam government.
Shillong, Nailur 14: Suresh M. Sangma of Balat area of ​​Sohphi, Mawsynram, East Khasi Hills District, has been arrested by the Achik Revolutionary Army (ARA). to appear before the Superintendent of Police, Shillong.
It is a pleasure to see that the children are continuing the work of their father to work for the people and the state. and by this opening of the statue,it does not mean only that it has been opened.
Commander Shangpliang urged the farmers to elect their leaders to lead the meeting.
The district authorities have also informed that no one will be allowed to sell goods along the procession route from Dhankheti-Shillong Jowai Road, Laitumkhrah Main Road and Don Bosco Square.
In the presence of the Village Authority, the Dorbar Shnong and the residents of Nongmynsong.
Expressing his goal to win the election, Dr. Syngkon said the party is well prepared to contest the election.
The Municipal has collected the names of all the people who have allegedly built illegal houses in this area and found that there are up to 80 houses.
However, the sad thing is that nothing has happened yet on the promises of the Minister.
At this meeting, they discussed what they have talked to the government to implement their demand.
They went inside, asked who the non-Khasi workers were, tied and bombed and after that they fled.
The students of this day took part in many parts of various sports.
As a mother, I am convinced that we will be in the realm of the world we love to serve.
Shillong, July 12: U Bah Adelbert Nongrum MLA of 17-Shillong North today submitted a petition to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma on four issues. In 2018, he won the MLA election and gave five days to the Chief Minister to respond.
She completed the building in 95 days as per norms.
However, not all political parties are ready to produce their principles, policies, and activities through the production of dulir-juban-tyrwa.
Before implementing the order, the Police Department had issued a request to the drivers of four wheelers and two wheelers to remove the Modified Silencers themselves. They found that the vehicles and motorcycles were still parked and those who did not listen to the request of the police.
According to sources, the incident occurred at around noon and one of the children was injured in the incident. the hotel stay was injured.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The Election Commission of India (ECI) through the office of the Chief Electoral Officer (CEC) will strive to explain to the public the responsibility of the people in the voting process.
The three-day exhibition started today and will end on the 20th of this month. Participants came from all over the country. parts of Ri Khasi to take part.
The rainfall will be heavy from the 22nd of this month and will continue until the 25th of this month. Be careful in these days of this heavy rain.
Does the Governor know that the scheme to go to the orchid of Dr Mukul Sangma is being implemented only because there is a wedding ceremony of his son at that place? Garo Hills has brought road schemes, road schemes but the private trade will be easy. Is this the kind of development for Meghalaya that Mukul Sangma has brought in the last 10 years? Mukul Sangma has misled his own government, blinded the MPCC members, and especially to mislead the people of Meghalaya, said Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw Publicity Secretary, HNLC in a statement today.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: Students who will write the CUET Exam 2024 from all over the country and districts held at the campus of NEHU Shillong today. 15 January 2024.
He said that these practices exclude some people and exclude others.
The return to farmers increases their income and also increases their ability to move forward without hesitation and this leads to profitable investments.
Shillong, Nailar 21: The session of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya will start on 6th November 2019 and the dates of the session will be decided by the Business Advisory Committee (BAC).
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: The All Meghalaya Dancer's Association (AMDA) on Tuesday congratulated the finalists of the North East Idol 2016 on their success. I am especially concerned about the state as a whole.
She said that even the Khasi brothers and sisters from overseas are still learning to speak Khasi and want to learn more about their mother tongue.
This exhibition will continue until 22nd July,
These four companies mine coal in Meghalaya and export coal to Bangladesh.
Speaking to reporters after the filing of nomination papers, the United Democratic Party (UDP) candidate said, “The system of democracy in these days has declined slowly and deteriorated. as the days went by.
The Governor did not need to approve, but he was willing to do what was unnecessary.
has issued a directive through an Order on 07.05.2024, that all advertisers and advertising agencies must submit a 'Certificate of Advertisement' before publishing or displaying any advertisement.
The office bearers of the KSU in these two places were confirmed by the President of the KSU, Samla Lambokstarwel Marngar, President of the KSU, along with other leaders from other units.
During the meeting, they discussed how to improve the use of electric vehicles in Meghalaya. Meghalaya and the country.
They also swore that the land of the State will not be lost or sold to foreigners.
Acting Chairman Boldness L Nongrum, Joint Secretary Danial Kharchandi and other KSUP leaders have donated money to the 17 QCs.
These trucks were driven from many places like Shella, Majai Bholaganj, Dhubri Assam, Dalu Garo Hills District and others.
This is not done by the Central Government or the State Government.
The government will direct MeECL and the Water Supply Department to strengthen the rules for the provision of water to households and light to newly constructed households.
When I was appointed as a teacher, I helped my students to build science models and to enjoy the subject of science.
The four Khasi-Pnars who lost their lives were Tal Nartiang, Thal Shadap, Six Talang, Shirup Sumer and Si Dhar.
Shillong, July 14: Although the Assembly elections have not yet been announced, the BSF troops have started checking vehicles parked at the border at Phutamati in West Garo Hills District today. .
The fire broke out in parts of Bangladesh.
She said that the youth should think for the better to develop the state in many ways.
Pokhriyal said the implementation of SARTHAQ is expected to benefit everyone including 25 crore students, 15 lakh schools, 94 lakh teachers, education supervisors, parents and society because education is the foundation of a just and orderly society.
At this public meeting, according to a statement sent by the PDF party, Bah PN Syiem explained to the public the position of the PDF party.
Shillong, July 15: Madanrting Police Station on Tuesday night received a tip that a room in Madanrting Block-F has collapsed.
Prof. Sahoo invited all the people from all over the country to visit the National Bioresources Park, which has been built in this way to produce a wide variety of plants. accommodation for farmers in this area to stay during their training.
“I don't want to talk about Mukul and many people who have tried to insult me ​​but I am not stupid.
The competitors were Elisheba Khongwar (40Kg), Isadora A.Lyngdoh (47Kg), Wandahunshisha Mawblei (54Kg), Wansuk Marbaniang (54Kg). Cadet +54Kg), Felicia Nongdhar (Kumite Junior – 48Kg & Team Kata) , Ankita Koch (Kumite Junior – 59Kg & Team Kata),    Albert Jyrwa (Kumite Cadet – 45Kg), Iohbor Mylliem Pdah (Kumite2 Kumite2 Cadegka), (Kumite Cadet – 57Kg & Team Kata), Wanritngensius Malniang (Kumite Junior -50Kg & Team Kata), WanphrangJyrwa (Kumite Junior -55Kg & Team Kata) & Josanky Rympei (Kumite U-21 Yrs -50Kg).
Furthermore, what is surprising when the public hearing of the dewbilat factories is held is that they have canvassed or sent agents around the country to invite people who do not have the knowledge to attend the meeting. Therefore, I would like to ask all the Sengbhalang, Elaka, Village and Townships to come and support us by giving a speech or two by raising our hands when called to raise our hands. “It is surprising how the MSPCB has taken the initiative to hold a public hearing for the expansion of the Star Cement mining when it has filed a complaint against these dewbialt factories. The complaint filed by the JYF is still ongoing, regarding their destruction of the environment, the water and rivers which have become unfit for use.
On this occasion, the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan, spoke in the Khasi language in the House.
The search operation is not only in Shillong, but also in the constituencies and the rural areas.
Today, 21st July 2021, a meeting was held between the District Administration of West Jaintia Hills in the presence of the DC, SP, BDO of Laskeiñ, various Sengbhalang groups, as well as the KSU Nartiang Circle. she was able to take part.
The President of KSU Mawthadraishan Circle, Bah J Thaba, said that the KSU has investigated whether the appointment of Marbaniang was in accordance with the rules.
The Indian Cyber ​​Crime Coordination Centre, Ministry of Home Affairs, has also sent a recommendation to ban these malicious apps.
Aitioris Kharbani, a relative of the victim, said that before he was killed, Mcbornbonnyson had telephoned her husband to ask for help. They also heard the complaints and complaints of those people who asked him if he was the one they were looking for and he replied by saying that he is not.
In fact, this road is no longer just a rural road to connect the villages in the State but it should be considered as an international road as it connects India and Bangladesh.
Khongngai has requested the MLA of the area who is also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah Preston Tynsong to take action on this road. The Symbud Myntri Rangbah should have completed this road within the next few months.
Referring to the incident ha Lapalang, Prestone said he sends his condolences to the family members of the deceased this year and the law will take action on this incident.
Nomination forms for this election can be obtained from the party office in Jaiaw from 20th November 2018 between 10.00 am and 5.00 pm.
Shillong, July 25: The Ramakrishana Mission Shillong has invited school and college students to register their names for the competition. July.
At the same time, he extended his best wishes to all those injured for their recovery.
The JYF has urged the Minister of Forest and the government to punish them severely for their violation of the Forest Conservation Act
Shillong, July 21: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the government has no intention of stopping the search for the missing persons in the Ksan coal mine in East Jaintia Hills. Hills District.
Shillong: The Seng Khasi Kmie, Shillong, today went up to Lum Shyllong to hold a prayer meeting to ask for the protection of the 'Lei Shyllong, who is one of the Ryngkew ki Basa of The country and the nation to protect the country and the nation of Hynniewtrep as a whole so that it will be free from the spread of the disease Covod:19 or Coronavirus.
Referring to his work, he said that he has now worked as an MP and has received his Identity Card as an MP of the Lok Sabha. you said.
Shillong, March 17: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and Minister of Education, Lahkmen Rymbui in the presence of Chief Secretary DP Wahlang visited Pine Mount School. bud nam in the past few months.
Shillong, June 05: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has called a 12-hour curfew on the polling day for the election of MPs to the Parliament of India.
Thakur took part in the cleanliness drive at Sangam Beach in Prayagrajha along with the Nehru Yuva Kendra, National Service Scheme volunteers and others.
The border disputes between Assam-Meghalaya and Assam-Arunachal have also come to an end, and due to the establishment of peace, the North East has moved on the path of development.
Debjanee Bhattacharjee (E,Bio,Ph,Ch,M,Ae) 464 of St.Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong, Komal Mittal (E,M,Ph,Ch,Bio) ) 438 of St.Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong, Idarikor Warshong (E,K,Ph,Ch,Bio) 433 of St.Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong, Jayashree Bhattacharjee (E,Bio,Ph,Ch,M,Ae ) 433 of St.Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong.
"The expertise of these stakeholders demonstrates the expectations of students on the importance of having a never-ending electricity supply.
Jowai, Nailur 29: The AJYWO Central Body of Jaintia Hills, which was nearby to a child who was raped by Small Phawa, in 2011, has expressed its deep gratitude. The District and Session Court, the Meghalaya State Legal Service Authority, the Meghalaya High Court on the conviction of Small Phawa. You have done evil against this little girl.
No decision was taken at this meeting.
Org.
He said that KHNAM has not yet recognized the State Youth Wing which was elected at the public meeting held on 28th July 2017 where Bah Thomas Passah is the President of the Youth Wing of KHNAM. The Central Executive Committee of KHNAM has not yet elected the new office bearers of the State Youth. Wing.
Better that they’re out than at the party.
Which other parties have been able to bring many benefits to the people? There is no NPP can't it? Mr. Question said.
During the half-hour meeting, they discussed the relationship between India and the United States, the situation in the region.
For the dress rehearsal competition, the height for men is 5.5 feet and for women, the height is T.300/- tyngka. Prashan Ghosh will direct the meeting.
on 20/7/2013 in Mawkyrwat, on 22/7/2013 in Khliehrait, Nongstoin in West Khasi Hills on 24/7/2 It is located in Jowai.
The Chief Commissioner, CGST, Customs and Central Excise, Guwahati, Yogendra Garg, Zonal Head of Indirect Taxes in the North East was the chief guest at the programme.
State BJP Mahila Morcha President Susuki Pariat, Sikkim BJP Mahila Morcha President Srijana Thapa Chetri and Nagaland BJP Mahila Morcha President Shanbeni Yanthan held meetings with Asha, Anaganwadis, Self Help Groups and other beneficiaries of Central Government schemes.
The main reason is that climate change and environmental conditions play a major role in facing this crisis. to reduce this problem.
The Commission also urged all political parties, leaders and candidates to adhere to the Model Code of Conduct and its provisions.
The union strongly requests that government land itself should not be given land for the construction of any religious group on the grounds that it could lead to discrimination and misunderstanding.
The weapons seized include 10 rounds of dynamite knives, 10 rounds of bombs, 40 rounds of ammunition and many other air vehicles used in bomb making.
They also said that it is necessary to open up more opportunities and improve cleanliness so that the tourism industry can reach its usual level.
Doesn't this endanger all the citizens? Is this release and allowing these people to travel and park by public transport right? We believe that these are the reasons why our State has increased rapidly in the number of cases of this disease.
Lanong said the purpose of the Red Fest is to raise awareness among the people on the issue of marriage and also to provide awareness on the issue of discrimination. He said that the purpose of this campaign is to encourage the public to visit the testing centers and also the counseling centers so that they can prevent the spread of HIV/AIDS. Lanong said the target of the campaign is for the youth aged 15 to 29 years.
Shillong, Nailur 12: A Maruti car has collided with a vendor on the side of the road near the Rhino Museum at noon today.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah Kynjing SDO of Sohra, said that the office has already sent a letter to about 80 Mawshun parks to close down because they do not have the rights. lease according to the rules laid down by the government.
This action of the leaders of the present government has caused condemnation and dissatisfaction from many sides and also angered the people living in the border areas.
The competition was held on Saturday and many schools from Shillong took part in the competition.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said he firmly believes that the knowledge from Nalanda will guide the people and that the youth will lead the world in the future.
The Government will bring together all the government departments involved in this project to unite and the goal of the Government is to turn Meghalaya into a “Health Tourism” destination. Kerala and Thailand.
This Center is the first to be implemented by the Central Government Security Forces.
In order to encourage them, I would like to request you to bring to the attention of the students through your respected newspaper this 13Meritorious Award for Student, 2016, which will be the glory is great.
The lack of good roads discourages the people especially in agriculture, health, livestock, education, factories, and others.
More than 100 years ago, God caused a tsunami on the beaches because of the evil deeds of those people who have done nothing. bag ha kito that por.
It produces 55 MT of Eri spun and uses about 74 MT of Eri cocoons per year.
On the other hand, the army today took all the people who were trapped in the landslide between the hills and wanted to evacuate.
Speaking to SP News Agency, GHADC Chief Executive Member Denand T Sangma said the EC will try to talk to them to end the protest. The Non-Corporation Movement has started today.
Ajay Bhatt, Chief of Defense Staff, General Anil Chauhan, Chief of Army Staff, General Manoj Pande, Chief of Naval Staff, Admiral R Hari Kumar and Chief of Air Staff, Air Chief Marshal VR Chaudhari .
Shouldn't each of us follow this spirit of selfishness, we should and we must.
At the same time, the union urges the Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi district to take action against this company or the authorities for the safety of the passengers.
Most of these rape cases took place in Delhi, which has been dubbed the “Rape City”.
The Central Government through the REC has allowed the State Government that if it does not have 10% of the funds to withdraw from the State Government, it can take the money from the REC in the form of of Ram.
Speaking on the occasion, the Umroi MLA said that the reason for the problem faced by the state is because the Assam government has implemented the Cattle Prevention Act 2021 which has created a problem in the import of cows. from Assam to Meghalaya, he said, adding that this is a scheme that has affected the production of beef in the state.
He was followed by Leo Hendrick Barkeland, a Belgian who grew up in the United States in New York.
The second explanation to the BJP leader is to inform him that he doesn't know that the Khasi people are a very small community compared to other communities. The small paid community comes not only from abroad but also from other states.
At the UDP meeting in Pynursla, he said that the Congress party has only one leader and that is Dr Mukul Sangma. “If he says white, white, black, black, if we look at the Congress, it has been ordered by another person, if we look at other parties, it is the same”.
Speaking at the protest at Madan Malki, he urged the MLAs not to play politics on the demand for ILP, not to point fingers and not to accuse but they should. He said that even if the state has only three MPs in Parliament, if these MPs speak one thing, they will demand ILP from the Central Government. The voice for the demand for ILP will be heard by the Central Government and the State will not have that childlessness.
It was my mother's wish that I become an actress.
The residents who pass through this road do not blame anyone but want this road to be good.
The opening of these two tourist attractions will be from 01/12/2020 and all tourists should register at the Tourism Information Center in Mawphlang.
This is according to a statement issued by the Secretary of the Village Council, Bah Marius Nongsiej.
He urged the members of the party to work hard to bring about victory.
“There are only 8 CHCs, 113 PHCs and 532 Sub-Centres in our state.
According to the latest news received by the SP News Agency, the UDF, which has been deprived of power in the KHADC by the establishment of the Administrator's rule, is now preparing to appeal to the High Court.
Most of the cases were confirmed in East Khasi Hills, 22 cases in West Garo Hills, 27 cases in West Garo Hills and 21 cases in Ri Bhoi.
He said that family members should monitor the activities of their children to ensure that they do not fall into the hands of criminals.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: At about 10.45 pm, a clash broke out between TMC and NPP supporters at Charbatapara village in West Garo Hills district. of 46 – Phulbari Assembly Constituency.
In the MLA Election 2018, there were 3082 polling stations, while in the 2013 MLA Election, there were only 2485 polling stations and the increase in the number of polling stations was 24.02%.
Shillong, July 10: The Jaintia Students Movement (JSM) on Tuesday expressed its dissatisfaction with the decision of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) to raise the flag. that this is a disrespect to the flag of the country.
There are 57 recoveries, 30 from East Khasi Hills, 11 from Ri Bhoi, 10 from South Garo Hills and 6 from West Garo Hills.
The remaining bodies are identified as Ferdinan Marthong, 45, and Lapynshai L Mawlot,
KSU Upper Shillong Circle together with KSU Sawmer Unit in collaboration with Self Help Groups from Sawmer Village and Sawmer Presbyterian Secondary School Sawmer Village have planted 50 trees.
The incident was discovered by an employee of a small factory opposite the Woodland Medical Center, Ladthadlaboh, Jowai.
Hooid, even if you count the 'number of people', the 40:40 ratio has affected the Khasi because the Khasi people are more paid than the Garo people but the backwardness of the roster system has created problems. arshah to the Khasi youth today because they don't get even the 40% share.
NEHUSU extends its support to the students of JNU New Delhi in connection with this tragic incident.
On the other hand, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, CEM of KHADC, said, “We want the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council to have the same constituencies as the MLA constituencies.
The Secretary to the Union Government said that the conservation of water resources has been implemented by the state governments. She said that by 2023, India will face drought and on the other hand floods.
This is a serious issue and the Chief Minister should do something to resolve this issue. If the Harijan Panchayat Committee continues to insist, the party will find a way to resolve this issue. “These people don't respect the villagers and even the state government, but they threaten to appeal to the court,” said Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw General Secretary and Publicity Secretary of the HNLC. your news today.
He also urged the Budget Session of the Government in the Assembly to express their concerns regarding this road especially from the five leaders who have to pass through this road.
Besides, the Congress party will also seek clarification from the MDA government on many of the allegations against the government and let the Chief Minister clarify on the allegations which they will take to the House.
In this regard, the minister said that people will be sent to investigate.
From Sanker, he visited the Mawkynroh-Umshing road which used to flood during the rainy season in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong Bah L.Nongkhlaw and the village officials.
We had a clear understanding with the management of this university so that we could build these facilities in this particular area in the country.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: Sharda University, Noida, Uttar Pradesh today appointed Conrad K Sangma as the Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh.
Shillong, November 05: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) in a statement strongly condemns the actions of MM Dango, PWD Minister and MLA of Ranikor Constituency to take political advantage of the schemes. The CM has spent money by laying the foundation stone just to mislead the public for the election.
Therefore, this is also one of the issues that urgently needs to be addressed and resolved as soon as possible.
The KSU also said that there is a problem for the students who apply for their syrnot. The lack of prompt delivery has put the students from outside Shillong in a difficult situation where they have to come many times to apply for their syrnot. get their own syrnot and this affects them.
In his speech, Dr Laloo said that this is a long standing wish that such an education should be available in the area and now the Congress led government has been able to achieve it. the thirst of the people.
The Indradhanush Immunization 5.0 for East Khasi Hills District was launched at a meeting held at Diengpasoh PHC. , East Khasi Hills District in collaboration with the Directorate of Health Services (MCH&FW).
Through this meeting, we hope that it will be fruitful and we will continue to monitor if there are any mistakes in the future.
The Save Hynniewtrep Mission includes the mission of the party not to allow undocumented foreigners to get jobs in the state.
All the plans were presented to the Union Minister of State for Child Development at this meeting.
The Sordar of Shyrwang Village said that a complaint was lodged by the family members and wife of Masmandra Kharkylliang to the Mairang Police Station. Melar Kurbah has also lodged a complaint at Mairang Police Station.
Khrawjutang Kharsyntiew from Mairang West Khasi Hills and Babit Kharsohnoh from Mawmluh won the gold medals.
“In the inspection of the AJYWO today, it was surprised to see that there was a very heavy post light which had collapsed from the bottom and almost cut off and only 20% remained. post light, if MeECL, Jowai doesn't replace it soon, it will cut off and collapse at any time and what is more sad is that this post light is located in Jowai. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah MH Dkhar, President of AJYWO Central Body.
SP East Khasi Hills Rituraj Ravi said that the employees of the Hotel Assembly at Police Bazar informed that one of the guests did not leave the room. the presence of witnesses breaks the door.
Streamlining the process of sending messages through empowered representatives will also help speed up the dialogue," he added.
The President of KSU Nongspung Circle, the Office Bearers of the KSU Nongspung Circle and the Office Bearers of these villages said that only the KSU has come forward to help the residents of these villages. Its small power to be with them at any time.
Complaint Committees should be set up in all districts under the office of the Deputy Commissioner so that the public can complain if there is discrimination against women in any field. all schools, colleges and Dorbar Shnongs on the Women's Protection Act.
His claim that the mining of minerals including uranium will increase the income and revenue of the state shows that he is irresponsible and does not take into account the impact of uranium on the environment, health and loss. the loss of land by the villagers and the eviction of the people.
“They (DSOs) promised to share the information.
Regarding the examination for the post of MPS for the rank of IPS, the examination was conducted by the Union Public Service Commission but will now be conducted by the Meghalaya Public Service Commission.
On this occasion, the Minister said that at present there is no information about such a thing after the MLA of the area urged the government to will be looking for information on this.
The Anti Ragging Committee took this decision after the assault on a student has severely affected the education at the university.
Only Assam is smaller than Meghalaya among the states in the North East.
Urging the children to practice yoga every day, Singh said that yoga helps to connect the body and mind and strengthens the mental strength.
The group was led by Samla Banshai Marbaniang as Convener and President of FKJGP Mawsynram Circle.
Also present on the occasion were the High Commissioner of India to Bangladesh, Pranay Kumar Verma, Chairman of the Land Port Authority of Bangladesh Mohda Alamgir, Chairman of LPAI Aditya Mishra and other officials from the Government of Meghalaya.
In Meghalaya, the state has received T.27.20 crore for the State Disaster Response Fund (SDRF), which is in accordance with the recommendation of the Ministry of Home Affairs.
We have immediately taken precautionary measures not to sell the fish for 15 days,” she said.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: “We are not against the government or support anyone, their visit to this place is to show that the increase in the price of petrol has led to the increase in the price of food items in the market. “The vehicle has affected the people,” said Victoria Marwei, leader of the market dwellers in Iewduh.
Therefore, the union demands that the government and PWD should immediately repair this road which is the backbone of the traffic from one state to another through this road. “It is a blessing to the state through the trade and heritage,” said the statement.
The police have been working hard to fight against drug traffickers to protect thousands of residents from these illegal beverages which affect the society. The fight against these drug traffickers is being strengthened.
In his speech, Sanbor said he could not help but congratulate the former Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma for receiving this fund during his tenure. Muslim religious groups, Khasi organization and land owners who have donated their land for the construction of the road.
The Factory Department will not allow the installation of gates inside the Industrial Area whether they belong to KHADC, Hima or Village but those outside the Industrial Area will not be allowed to say anything.
The Speaker of the House said that there is no time limit but he will take a decision as soon as possible. He said that he has received the letter from the Church and today he has invited the 12 MLAs. and he has just met now and therefore he is still in time to think before making a decision.
“One of the important issues mentioned in the MoU is that school children who have reached the age of 18 years should have EPIC because I remember that many children who have reached the age of 18 and 19 years are not "I don't have EPIC," said Tembe.
With the support of the citizens of the State, we will be able to provide this service in the years to come,” he added.
Before the march, some of the youth mothers spoke to express their opposition to the Citizenship Amendment Act and demanded that the ILP should be implemented in Meghalaya.
The report was released by NITI Aayog Chairman Dr Rajiv Kumar, CEO Amitabh Kant, Additional Secretary Dr Rakesh Sarwal and World Bank Senior Health Specialist Sheena Chhabra.
A gang leader named Rudra Rabha committed suicide at Khanapara Police Station on Thursday morning.
This area is rich in natural beauty and this opens up a lot of opportunities for adventure tourism.
At a meeting in the village, the Chief Minister said that the government expresses its deep sorrow over this incident and to honor those who have passed away, the government has suspended all the charitable activities of the government.
“There are our residents who provide shelter to these foreigners and claim that it is their (occupation) but what we know is that there is Benami activity.
The DC has banned the transportation of people from Shillong to outside Shillong and only those who have received passes from recognized sources will be allowed to travel. the vehicle will be according to the schedule.
The water pipe, which was about 100 feet long, ended at the Stand Jeep and when the water was opened, the water came out of the water pipe and flowed to the ground when there was no one. tip the ring is u or the pipe does not reach ei.
Two persons have been arrested from the vehicle and the Customs have started investigation to arrest others involved in the smuggling. .
As a nation, we are blessed to have leaders in any field.
The activities of MECOFED have been strengthened by the government in the past years by taking over the supply functions from it and handing them over to the private sector.
There are 3512 officers deployed to all the polling stations and 14048 officers have been deployed to conduct the elections.
In honor of the former Prime Minister of India, all government offices, workplaces and schools will be closed on 17th July
Shillong Cricket Association (SCA) President Peter MacDonald Kharsawian said that Kishan Lyngdoh's 268 runs alone is a source of pride for Meghalaya. He is also a player who can score up to 200 runs.
The Executive Committee led by Bah Latiplang was replaced by Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem.
The entry of up to 7 vehicles of foreigners has raised questions to the government how the employees at the Entry Point at Umling are working when up to 7 vehicles of foreigners have been allowed to enter illegally.
Police are conducting a search operation in these areas to drive out these militants from the area.
“Therefore, blind people need more respect because even if they don't see, they try as much as they can to walk, stand, work like others, whether at home or in the community,” he said. bah Starwin Kharjana President Khasi Disabilities Association.
It is not known what the demands of the KHADC and JHADC are. The GHADC authorities have made an urgent request to strengthen the Planning, Civil, Forest, Finance, Taxation, Land Records and IT departments of the KHADC. GHADC, where there are no employees.
Now we know that the music of Summersalt, which has brought out the music of the Khasi in this century, is also the contribution of our brother and sister musician”, said Bah Greg Nongrum.
We firmly believe that the decision should be made for the sake of peace.
He has also guided us to become successful in the work we do and to finish it exactly as we started without listening or allowing the problems to stop us but to we must take the example of the teaching and character that we have seen and witnessed from the tree which can withstand the four seasons, which can withstand the wind, which can withstand the rain and the cold, which can withstand the cold. It endures the heat and cold while it spreads its branches inside to strengthen its roots.
Shillong, Nailur 20: Answering a question by Bah Nujorki Syngoh whether the state government has any intention to abolish the “Personal Interview” in Grade IV posts, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said: that the government is reviewing.
“We want to provide timely treatment to the people through Digital Health ID. 10 crore people have benefited from teleconsultation through schemes like e-Sanjivini,” he said.
Speaking to reporters, CEM of KHADC Titosstarwell said that the EC as a whole expresses its regret over the government's failure to release the T.20 crore. The KHADC has been appointed through the 15th Finance Commission of the Central Government.
Online training will continue and be encouraged.
These include, to work hard to protect the lives of women and children, to monitor and refer NCD cases, to ensure 100 percent vaccination of newborns up to 10 years of age. and to ensure 100 percent implementation of ANC Coverage for poor women and others.
Police are under their jurisdiction 24 hours a day and uniformed and non-uniformed guards have been deployed around the city and if there is any suspicion they can inform them.
Shillong, November 04: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, at a meeting to distribute assistance to farmers in Upper Shillong at Laimer, said that there are 4.5 lakh households in the state. you can rep you riang.
New Delhi, Nailur 19: The Government of Singapore will set up special employment training centers in the North East of India in Guwahati. be the center of all the states of this region.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister paid tribute to Dr. BR Ambedkar, the founder of the Constitution of India and the leading fighter for the minorities.
Furthermore, these AINs have apparently violated the power of the Hima/Elaka to enact their own bye laws according to the Rules passed by the KHADC and approved by the Governor of the State, especially the Hima. and urged the Chief Executive Members to bring these two AINs before the people in their Dorbar Shnong, Raid and especially Dorbar Hima, to discuss in detail on this issue, because as The Nongstoin Syiemship Rules 2006 and the Mylliem Syiemship Rules 2015 clearly state that the Syiem and Dorbar shall issue building permission and others.
The number of cases in East Khasi Hills is 57, West Khasi Hills 3, Ri Bhoi 4, West Jaintia Hills 2, South West Garo Hills
On the other hand, the Minister said that the government will take all necessary measures to keep the people safe and to ensure that the disease does not spread. The cause of the disease is still unknown and the health department is still investigating.
On the other hand, the NEW said that this is a clear incident that people in power often attack women who come from poor families. There is no complaint against such a robbery against the people in power in Meghalaya.
The HYC has lodged a complaint against the officer incherge and the police who were present on the night of the attack on Bah Solin.
Syiemlieh said these areas fall under the Mawthadraishan Block of West Khasi Hills District.
From the children, the young to the old, they did not hesitate to climb to the top of this Mawbah.
The demands are that the government should stop the impact on science and the progress in following the development of science which according to the present era, should repeal the laws that affect the workers. and to implement the laws relating to employees.
One death has been reported from East Khasi Hills District, bringing the total number of deaths to 1562 so far in the state. Hills District 1061 people in total.
This year's theme is “Yoga for All People" and we must ensure this from the primary classes in schools," he said.
Shillong, July 03: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that two new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in the state. There are 73 cases in the state so far.
The total number of people who have tested positive for COVID-19 in the country has risen to 96694, the total number of recoveries is 95029, the death toll is 1622 people.
The protest will end tomorrow.
On the 27th and 28th of this month, the BSF seized 175 cows from the Meghalaya-Bangladesh border.
The Chairman announced in the House and asked the House to accept or reject the motion and the House accepted and announced that he would take the motion after the end of the question period.
Hazarikabad and Paponki have their own unique characteristics and here we should not forget Zubeen Garg,” said Garlosa.
All these competitions were attended by children under 15 years.
Further medication management was also discussed.
What happened in the House was in accordance with the rules laid down in the Constitution of Assam and Meghalaya Autonomous District Council Rules,
He said that the reason for the increase in light bills is that the companies have sent more bills to the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC) at the price set in 2009 to
The Dorbar Chnong Wapungskur has banned all foreigners from entering and leaving the village boundary, except for unavoidable reasons. Only those who have received permission from the relevant government authorities will be accepted.
Myntri Nongdhar urged the shopkeepers and market vendors to follow the guidelines laid down by the government and the Hima when they come to pay tax at the market. the day it was just opened and hopefully there will be cooperation from all sides.
Shillong, Nailur 03: The Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma on Tuesday said that the Congress party is still waiting for the MDA government to announce the name of the candidate for the Speaker election.
“Because there are more participants, there will be more parts of the festival, so that there will be no congestion and it will affect the entry and exit of the people,” said Bah Paul.
One Khasi child was shot dead by a group of 15-20 people.
He said that in his opinion, many of the people who do not have MHIS cards are from the villages in the rural areas. you are sick.
After the completion of the Vaccination Drive in Umwiehsup and Langstiehrim Villages of Pyndengumiong Village, the curfew has been lifted for these two villages from today, 9th July,
Shillong, June 18: A mother named Mebilda Bareh, 74, of Mawlai Nongkwar, has been admitted to Dr H Gordon Roberts Hospital, Shillong. The death toll from COVID-19 has risen to 153 in the state.
Pyndap said they had been waiting for two months for Adelbert to resign and finally they accepted it after he made it clear to the media that he would not resign.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Arunkumar Kemphavi, who is also the Chairman of the school, told SP News Agency that the teacher was dismissed after the committee appointed him. The investigation found that there was a misconduct on the part of the teacher against the girl students.
During the meeting with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, HITO informed the Minister that as a sign of its demand for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the fifth schedule, the HITO has allocated Khasi in the petition to the Minister of Home Affairs of the Union Government.
The group itself believes that today's generation needs to flow with the ways of the world today, but by holding fast to the teachings of the past.
Referring to Meghalaya, the FCI wants to increase the storage of rice in the state to 39326 MT. 19,180 MT. The storage facilities under construction are Mendipathar 5000 MT, Nongstoin 5000 MT, Khliehriat 2500 MT, Sohra 3340 MT and Zikzak 3340 MT. 5000 MT in Byrnihat, 5000 MT in Sohryngkham, 5000 MT in Shillong, 5000 MT under construction in Sohryngkham and 2500 MT in Tura.
TG Nengnong, Secretary, PWD (Roads and Buildings), Bah.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Commander Shangpliang, Director and Producer of 9-Lad, expressed his satisfaction that the film will be shown again from the 26th at Bijou Cinema. The show will start on the 2nd at Galleria, Anjalee Cinema.
Shillong, Nailur 06: U Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmuganathan today inaugurated the International Film Festival in Shillong. .
Phasmoon Dkhar , another candidate for the MDC election from Musniang Rangad , said that it is right to praise the leaders of the BJP - EJH for their understanding to serve for the students and this includes the poor.
On the other hand, the FKS will continue their struggle to convince the central government to resolve this issue.
This soskular reflects the hard work of Meghalaya to showcase the richness of Meghalaya in hydropower.
KHNAM has laid a wreath at this place to honor the jaidbynriew.
If the Chief Minister of Meghalaya has been able to come to Guwahati in the first month of April, we will be able to go anyway in the second month of April,” he said. The two Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya have set up regional committees to find ways and means to resolve the issues in the seven border areas between Meghalaya and Assam.
While the JHADC has not yet set up a Delimitation Committee, as the JHADC has 7 MLA Constituencies and 29 MDC Constituencies, it will be like the KHADC which has 11 MDC Constituencies. The MDC Constituency is the MLA Constituency.
The Waheh Shnong, Shri Lasting Pala, immediately informed the relevant authorities, the office of the SDO and Engineer of MeECL at Moowakhu, Khliehriat, East Jaintia Hills District. These residents of Dong Pahar are facing problems.
It is because of this that the garment industry has created about 70 jobs in the garment industry and about 30 jobs in total per T.1 crore (USD 132,426) invested compared to types of jobs available in other industries.
Shillong, November 15: Leading leaders of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit have convened an emergency meeting at the party office to discuss the current situation in the state after the passage of the CAB, by both the Houses of Parliament of India and has now become law after receiving the assent of the President.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah AL Hek, Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare, Meghalaya, said that the joining of these four MDCs to the BJP will strengthen the party. ha they sit that thaw.
Suddenly, within a few days, it was announced that the money should be deposited and also to order the children to take the entrance examination.
Speaking to the Christian religious leaders, the Minister of Home Affairs said that India is a country without religious discrimination, a country of independence of all religions, and if we look back at the past, India is a gathering place for all the major religions in the world.
It was approved by the Government of India on January 13,
“The State Government will provide financial assistance so that the farmers can receive 2% of the loan they have taken under the KCC,” said Bah Banteidor after a meeting. The challenges faced by farmers and traders due to the outbreak of COVID-19 and how to overcome them.
The DoNER Minister said that the Modi Government is determined to promote palm oil planting and urged investors and companies to invest in the North East which has many opportunities in the oil palm industry. agriculture, especially in the palm oil industry.
The match lasted for two days and the match was thrilling in which the Assam Riffle scored 120 points to win.
Shillong, Lber 25: The True North Leisure Center has been opened to the public at Shillong Mission Compound. in this state.
The Minister also expressed the hope that in the coming years, the Central Government will introduce more schemes to increase milk production in the country.
Shillong, Nailur 05: Lumdiengjri Police Station and Wahthapbroo Village Council in the presence of the Magistrates of East Khasi Hills District today cleaned up the Motphran from HDFC Bank to Stand Jeep as part of the prevention of COVID-1 -19.
With this absence of candidates, the total number of candidates for the mid-term MLA elections from the 26-Shella Constituency is seven.
He said that except for some parts of Assam and Manipur, 75 per cent of the land under the Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA) in 2018 has been excluded from the implementation of the Act. .
At this meeting, the Cabinet also approved the decision to have New People Colleges in the state. The Cabinet also decided to implement 12 News People Colleges across the state.
There should be opportunities for people to achieve their aspirations.
“JETS24x7 will soon launch petrol-powered Scooty and Auto Rickshaw to improve the service.
The KSU under the leadership of Ostarnic Marbaniang, Assistant Organizing Secretary, KSU CEC and Iashanborlang, Executive Member, KSU CEC and members demanded from the MeECL authorities to refuse them this electricity supply.
New Delhi, November 29: Prime Minister Narendra Modiun addressed the beneficiaries of the Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatraha on 30th November at 11 am through video conferencing.
He said that tourism will develop the state and at the same time will be one of the sources of employment for the youth in the coming days. There is no difference between Goa and Sikkim in that these two states have increased in terms of tourism.
There are 133 polling stations that have been inspected, 409 polling stations that are vulnerable and 29 polling stations that are vulnerable.
The Prime Minister said that many times the reason for the misunderstanding is because of the lack of information.
The National People's Party (NPP), an ally of the BJP, came second in the most number of MLAs with three MLAs. The NPP has nominated 29 candidates in the 60-member Assembly.
On the other hand, the President said that research should be encouraged to promote economic growth and said that many of the intelligent youth of the country go abroad because there is no opportunity here.
The complaint was lodged at Laitumkhrah Police Station regarding the shooting of their supporter Dr Theodore Moallen, an American working in India.
The Social Welfare Department of the State Government has requested land from the Dorbar Shnongs across the State so that the State Government can build Rehabilitation Centers to provide treatment to drug addicts. .
In his speech, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne MLA of Sohra, promised to donate 4 lakh tyngka for the construction of a Memorial Hall in the name of BB Lyngdoh and for the construction of a Durmot in his memory. old man.
The union is writing this letter on the concern that the youth will not be allowed to work only according to these rules and regulations which the government has issued such policies, therefore the union urges the government to cancel the police recruitment notice and call for another one.
Shillong, Nailur 11: On the first day of the night curfew called by the civil society, many incidents have occurred in different parts of Meghalaya where many vehicles have been burnt down and people have been killed. was arrested during the hours of a nightly road blockade.
The two organizations today held a protest against the incident as reported in the media and will send their petitions to the President of India against this action. Lat as charged.
The goal of SARTHAQ should be to specify actions in a way that clearly shows the goals, milestones and timeline for action whereby it links NEP recommendations and 297 actions across groups, kip or to complete the work and 304 objectives of these tasks.
These 23 villages include Kongthong.
Also present on the occasion were the Minister of Sports, Shakliar Warjri, Mawlai MLA Brightstarwell Marbaniang, BFI Secretary General Hemanta Kumar Kalita and Working President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association John F Kharshiing. even.
He said that on the part of the founder of Ramakrishna, he said that there is a need to accept changes without losing one's own identity.
Ritina Blah of DC’s office East Khasi Hills District, Smti.
This railway issue is not new but from the past.
If there is any violation of the Model Code of Conduct such as cleaning public places or property, any distribution of money or alcohol, any donations or solicitation of money by candidates or political parties, any The Complaint Monitoring Cell, which has been set up to receive any complaints related to the election process, will be open 24 hours a day.
After the meeting, the district authorities together with the police allowed only a few KSU leaders to enter the police station to talk while most of the members waited outside.
Therefore, the Union invites all SSA teachers to take their time to attend the meeting on that day so that the Union can take the necessary action in due course, said Bah Aristotle C.Rymbai. President of MSSASA – Central Body.
We have also sent this letter to almost all the Chiefs of the Hima, and we have handed over this letter to the Acting Syiem, Hima Mylliem in the presence of the Bakhraw of the Hima Mylliem and requested them to collect the The Dorbar Hima Mylliem has not responded to this letter.
In the same report, the Director said that 78 cases have been confirmed today, 24 cases from East Khasi Hills, 17 cases from Ri Bhoi, 13 cases from West Garo Hills, 9 cases from West Jaintia Hills. The total number of recoveries in Jaintia Hills (9), East Garo Hills (4) and South West Garo Hills (2) has risen to
Shillong, July 15: The invitation for nomination papers for the BJP MLA election has ended today and all the nominations will be sent to the party leaders in Delhi for selection. candidate.
Shillong, Lber 05: The Coordinating Committee of Central Government Employees, Meghalaya today held a protest by holding the flag.
“Because I could not provide the necessary documents and because the Seujee LPG Distributor Agency from Assam still has a case at Madanryting Police Station, I have decided to cancel the distribution first. lyer shet and I will refund the money to those people who have registered with the Ialam Makri Gas Agency”.
On the other hand, the Minister also promised to donate 3 computers to the CSC Lawsohtun for the benefit of the residents.
However, before the result of the test came out, he died and after receiving the result, the result was found to be positive.
The NBCC members also said that another major reason was the announcement during the campaign by other candidates who opposed them by saying that they do not agree with Bah John F Kharshiing to contest the MLA election. “If he goes as MP, you will get another bye-election, and this is another reason,” said the members. The NBCC has changed the mindset of the voters across the Nongkrem Constituency.
“KSU is shocked to find these people along with their children living in this area when it is more crowded than the residents of Umsawli,” said Samla Sonstar Nongkhlaw President. Shillong East.
He admitted that Defense Minister Amit Shah had already spoken to him by telephone and promised to appoint him as DoNER Minister if he wins the 2019 elections.
In Khasi Jaintia, you have the HSPDP party which claims the state of Khasi-Jaintia.
The staff of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly have gathered to hold a meeting to express their condolences on the passing away of the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly. many things in the Assembly.
Tynsong said that the government will continue to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the state as a whole and at the district level. At the same time, the Chief Secretary and the Deputy Commissioners have been directed not to endanger the people.
The Chief Minister said that in the last four years the ban on coal mining has affected the income of the state, not only the government but also the people.
Out of the 11 districts, East Khasi Hills District has the highest number of registered candidates with 14993 cases, while South Garo Hills District has the lowest number of cases with
He said that since the repeal of Article 370 on 5/08/2019, Jammu and Kashmir has been in peace and there is no conflict anymore, because the insurgents who came from Pakistan, now if the insurgents leave they will not return. .
This scheme will be for the rich and poor known as BPL. At present, the citizens of the state cannot register for the scheme while they have their slips. they have not reached their homes whether in rural or urban areas they have to wait until the slip arrives at their homes.
The Secretary to the Legislative Assembly, Bah M Kharkrang, said that the filing of nomination papers for the Chairman election in KHADC will be held on Monday 23/7/2 The nominations will be submitted before 11.00 pm and the review of nominations will be held at 12.15 pm.
He served as Parish Priest of Mawkhar Parish from 1991-1
Charles said that if this arrangement goes like this, it will affect the other six areas which will be arranged especially Block I and Block II. Block I Block II reminds that the resolutions introduced by Bah HS Shylla on 20 ?/11/2
In a petition sent to the Expert Committee on the State Reservation Policy, HSPDP President KP Pangniang said that the Reservation Policy issued on 12th July, 1972 needs to be reviewed. the participation in the employment of different ethnic groups in the state.
Regarding the railway line, the RDA said that the government should move slowly because it has to listen to the voice of the people, but regarding the railway line to transport goods, The Government will look into whether it should be held only in Khanapara or Byrnihat.
The meeting was attended by teachers, students, including teacher PM Mukhim, and other Sordars from other villages in the meeting conducted by Bah Pynskhem Mukhim, Sordar of Mawdulop.
Many leaders of the party along with the youth were present.
BSF seized 2,469 Yaba tablets and 10 grams of heroin from the suspects in an Alto. The arrested persons were identified as Joydeep Paul and Nabajit Sen, who is from East Khasi Hills District.
Answering a question on the speed of testing as it has not reached 14 days according to the rules, Dr A War, who was present, said that the test has been completed. Home Quarantine for 14 days and so far she has completed almost 28 days. After nine days in Civil, a sample was taken and tested negative.
There was also a discussion on strengthening cooperation between the two countries in digital fields and screening of films of one country in the other through the exchange.
Shillong, Nailur 11: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma in reply to a question by Mawphlang MLA Syntar Klas Sunn regarding the Supreme Court's decision on the coal industry. Meghalaya has said that according to the decision issued on 03/07/2019, coal mining is allowed but it has to be mined according to the rules.
At this public meeting, he also alleged that it is the way of working of Dr Mukul Sangma during his tenure as prime minister that he has announced many jobs without looking at where the money will come from.
The Chief of Naval Staff said that they should be ready to be vigilant in all aspects. He said that as it is now on their part as soldiers. seas are adequate in weapons.
The HYC has also demanded that the Institute should revise the Recruitment Rules (RRs) through the advertisement issued on 17th March, 2023 for the post of Store Keeper.
Shillong, Niatung 05: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) today sent a letter to the National Law Commission urging the Central Government not to implement the Uniform Civil Code.
He said that the first phase of the road from Nongstoin to Rambrai will cost T.350 crore.
Up to 610 people have been arrested in connection with drug trafficking worth T.300 crore in Meghalaya in the past two years.
The NPP expects thousands of supporters to attend the rally tomorrow.
The union urges the four villages of Umsarang and Pynthorsohma not to disrupt the development of the village.
In their speeches, they urged the government to assist the farmers of the state by immediately transplanting these crops.
Spokesperson of the party Dipayan Chakraborty said that the people in the rural areas have not benefited at all and those who have benefited are only in East Khasi Hills. side.
In the complaint sent to the Ministry of Home Affairs, the Chiefs said that the boundary discussion has not been held in consultation with the villagers, Chiefs and the District. against the will of the people.
Shillong, Nailar 04: There are 71 new cases of COVID-19 in East Jaintia Hills, 1 in East Khasi Hills, 2 in North Garo Hills and 2 in South Garo Hills. Hills 6, South West Garo Hill 7, South West Khasi Hills 1, West Garo Hills 30, West Jaintia Hills 4 cases.
Shillong, Naitung 09: Police in collaboration with the District Child Protection Unit (DCPU) have conducted a training on the Juvenile Justice Act. ) Act 2015 and on Protection of Children from Sexual offenses (POCSO) Act 2012"  in Jowai.
All shops selling essential items are allowed to open according to the arrangements of the Sub Divisional Officers and Block Development Officers in the areas under their jurisdiction.
Shillong has witnessed heavy rains since Tuesday which has flooded the roads and water has entered even the homes of the people.
On the other hand, the offices of various Deputy Commissioners have conducted public awareness campaigns to encourage them to come out and cast their votes and have worked hard to ensure that the people come out to cast their votes.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) has issued a warning for heavy rainfall in parts of Meghalaya and Assam on the 1st and 2nd of this month. on the 3rd and 4th of this month.
Conrad said the HNLC members have raised some issues and the state government will ensure that it takes all necessary measures to ensure their safety.
When asked, the AKMT leader said that the tourism department will soon convene a meeting with the Adani Company which is responsible for the tourists who intend to come to Meghalaya through the Guwahati Airport.
The equipment was distributed by Prof. Pulok K. Mukherjee and these equipment were manufactured by DBT-IBSD, and were handed over to Sister Modestand who is a teacher at The main purpose of the IBSD in providing these equipment is to fight against the spread of this deadly disease especially in the areas. read.
Also present on the occasion were the Symbud Chief Minister, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, Government Ministers including Bah Paul Lyngdoh and Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, High Commissioner of India Pranay Verma, MDCs of India. KHADC, the Chiefs and Chiefs of Nongkhlaw, Bhowal and Khyrim and others.
According to the residents of the area, they cannot know the cause of the fire. The fire broke out so quickly that the wooden houses along the road were completely burnt down.
Speaking to reporters after answering the police, Bah Donlang Nongbri said that the speech made at the public meeting in Motphran was only a warning and not that they did so. They said that they cannot see that the people of Mukroh village will lose their lives in the hands of the police.
Shillong, Lber 03: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today announced that 29 Ukrainian students from Meghalaya have arrived in Delhi.
These cows belong to Manosha Suchiang and Moina Nangbah.
“There will be many obstacles, but be strong in mind and always remember to pray before starting or walking on their path,” said Bah Diengdoh.
The Government has sent a letter to the company that drew and designed the House and the Government has said that it has an agreement with the company that drew and designed the House and if there is any error, the company will be punished. and they shall not be ashamed.
“If this is the case, how will the income of the people increase?” asked the MPYC. During the tenure of MPYC President Bah Gabriel Wahlang, when there was a price increase in 2013, they wrote to the government to increase the income of the people. MPYC President Richard M Marak said in a statement that the government has decided to increase the tax on petrol and diesel.
He said that the Congress is a party with many rooms, sometimes if there are still rooms they get space and sometimes if there are too many rooms they have to wait for conditions.
We used to give gifts on Diwali.
A total of 42 participants from East Khasi Hills District have applied for the DYP 2019 and three of them have been selected to participate in the State Level to be held at NEHU on 7th June
They can also contact us via whatApp/Mobile 6033096839 and 6033096840 and those who have urgent needs can call
It ended with the establishment of the District Task Force Committee without doing anything.
Speaking to reporters, he said that in view of the revenue collection for the State, it has been decided to increase the initial revenue by 50 naïa.
On the other hand , the CoMSO as a political party has fulfilled its role and has taken the initiative to raise awareness , to advise and to join hands with the political leaders on how to protect the nation and the state from being overthrown not in foreign states and national authorities.
Shillong, November 24: 300 boys and 200 girls have attended the 23rd National Youth Leadership Camp held at the Narengi Army Headquarters in Guwahati.
Police are conducting investigation.
On the other hand, the Minister said that he is confident that the District Councils will do better.
He said that there will be various programs and tours to be conducted by the government to get information and to learn from each other. Laying the foundation stone for PA Sangma Shopping Complex in Babadam.
According to the petition, HYC President Roy Kupar Synrem said that the complaint was received after receiving many complaints regarding the price of corrugated aluminum roofing sheet. He was appointed to various C&RD Block across Meghalaya, especially in Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
The State Government has fixed a date for a meeting with the leaders of the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) regarding the evacuation of the people living in Mawlong Market.
He recalls his trip to Italy for the G20 Summit in
It is alleged that the foreigner used to ring video of her from time to time even when she wanted to go abroad and used to threaten her from time to time that she should not tell anyone.
On this occasion, the residents of the village came together with men and women to meet the EM in charge of Hima Sima and during this visit they also carried pla cards to express their opposition. as a village.
The protest of these youths is that for 40 years even though they have completed their studies as sent by the government, the government has not appointed them.
Other speakers on the occasion were the DSWO of Ampati, Linda J. Sangma, who is in charge of the consultants and those who held a meeting with Miami Sangma who also gave advice to the students on this occasion.
“It has been a great sorrow and grief for the Church over this incident, but we must thank God that He has not abandoned the Church and it has regained its rights, which we are close to. I've been a foreigner for the past few years,” he said.
Shillong, Lber 10: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today presented the budget for the year 2021-2022 in the House. T.1,570/- crore which is about 4.07% of the state's revenue.
In the competition, Sohrarim won the first prize and received a cash prize of T.10,000, Weimynsier came second and won a cash prize of T.5000, Nongdom Wahjapung won the first prize. received T.
Vincent H Pala MP said that the election of the leadership of Bah Lamphrang Blah in the KHADC was held on the 2nd of the polling day and now they have just announced that Grace will be the Secretary.
Shillong, Lber 09: The Director of NEIGRIHMS, Dr DM Thappa today informed the public that so far no cases of coronavirus have been confirmed. you are sick with Coronavirus.
Unidentified persons have set fire to a Maruti taxi (ML05D1311) in Nongthymmai, while on the same night, a truck (ML05G-) has been set on fire by unidentified persons. 2625 ha lights.
In a statement, the Chief Secretary has directed that the Deputy Commissioners shall set the opening and closing hours and shall ensure that the rules and regulations are followed especially the distance. each other.
This is good because our children see the situation abroad.
The Executive Committee of the KSU has also appointed office bearers in the past few days and now the KSU has a full Executive Committee of the KSU in all departments. claim.
There are 18 recoveries today, 8 cases from Ri Bhou, 8 cases from East Khasi Hills, 3 cases from West Garo Hills and 1 case from South West Garo Hills.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, who is also the State President of the National People's Party (NPP), has asked those who criticize, “Have you since the National People's Party (NPP) has taken over the country? From 2018 to 2024, there has been a ban on freedom of worship in Meghalaya.
Startwin also urged the drivers of commercial vehicles to drive them on their way, because they pay the same fare as others and when you drive them, they will be easier if the police send them away. Quickly, please tell us that you have promoted such people for the cooperation of the drivers and the police for the welfare of the visually impaired, we express our gratitude.
The union strongly opposes this and urges the CEM to take the necessary action according to the existing rules.
A few minutes later, Bah Poland led the enforcement to close down a shop inside the building of Ms Deoris who allegedly opened illegally without a license in connection with the decision passed by the The High Court has ordered them to close down until they have obtained a trading license under Sections 7A and 7B of the Khasi Hills District,
Of this amount released to the cities, 93% has been spent so far.
Shillong, Nailar 11: BSF troops on the border with Bangladesh today seized drugs in South Garo Hills while smugglers were trying to send them to Bangladesh.
They also informed the office of the DC of Ri Bhoi District.
Shah directed that as the community is the first to fight against any natural disaster including floods, there should be cooperation in the dissemination of information to the community led by the government. different groups to carry out their duties.
The government has struggled as much as possible to provide for the needs of the children so that they can get their jobs as children and now this has been achieved.
In connection with this incident, Police from Sohra and Shella and also Police from Shillong have rushed to Ichamati and Dalda villages on the border with Bangladesh to strengthen security and maintain peace and order.
At this meeting, the MP who has taken Kongthong as his workplace in the past years has welcomed all the residents of the village with the Tama medals which he has awarded specially in the village. Prime Minister MODI's photo on the occasion of the 75th Independence Day of India.
In East Khasi Hills, BSF seized 61 cows which were sent to the Bangladesh border near the Ksianar Shiah fence with the intention of smuggling them into Bangladesh.
The college, which will be located near the Integrated Ayush Hospital, will be opened by Sarbananda Sonowal in November 2023 and will be built on an area of ​​93 bighas.
All these youths will be trained under the guidance of Bah Bobby Nongbet.
While the two men were walking in the area, Bah Devor June did not know the cause of the incident.
The area of ​​this property is approximately 56 acres.
The letter said that MeECL should find a way to implement the electricity line which should pass through Mustoh village which is adjacent to Shella village and promised that Shella village will cooperate with the village. the office.
It is only because of ignorance and fear of losing land, such as farmland and pressure from Assam because this area is in the middle of conflict that people will vote in two places, but in In 2012, when the head of the Election Commission of India, Shankar Brahma, said that having two voter lists is illegal.
If the NPP suddenly comes back to power, it is certain that the state will be destroyed in order to strengthen the party as the party in the north of India.
Speaking at a meeting on Saturday at the Lower Primary School in the village, all the residents of the village attended the meeting between the village and the Joint Action. Committee to Sohiong Himachal Pradesh.
Referring to the fact, Bah Sanbor Shullai, MDC Laban-Mawprem said that the Municipal is only the road manager as he explained in the newspaper Nongsain Hima Dt The Supreme Court in 1999, issued following a petition filed by the NTYU against the KHADC, has made it clear that the Shillong Municipal Board is the only office to look after the welfare of the Shillong Municipal Board. of society and should keep it clean and tidy.
The Seng has expressed its regret over the government's ignoring of the demands of the Sengbhalang to implement the ILP. “It is clear that the CM is a dictator who does not listen to the voice of the people,” said the General Secretary of the Seng.
Black Flag Day will start tomorrow across the country and other protests will be announced later.
In the midst of the changing times where many kinds of lights have appeared but the use of earthenware is still going on, this festival of Diwali in India is to welcome Sita where Ram This is the belief that led to the Diwali festival to welcome Sita.
The reason for the destruction of these houses is due to the land dispute between the Raid Tynring.
Witnessing such a situation creates a sense of ownership and friendship. It is a good way to overcome racial differences and to strengthen the relationship between people. When the month of October came, the the evening market jammed into the last month.
Dr Jai Inder Singh, SDM of Phagwara, Punjab was the chief guest.
Most of the residents were accommodated at the school in Silkona.
The East Khasi Hills Police Department on Tuesday warned the residents not to fall victim to any scams by fraudsters who send promising links. to get money in a short time.
He also appealed to the schools to work together with the Seng to develop and improve the society in many areas as the schools have great power how to teach and how to shape the society.
The JSU said that this shows that Conrad has no desire to implement the ILP in the state and will ignore the voice and demand of the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep to implement the ILP in the state.
Shillong, Nailur 16: Answering a question by Winnerson D Sangma regarding the illegal entry of people into the state, the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, said that in three districts Superintendents of Police in charge of Infiltration have been appointed and 30 posts have been appointed in the Districts.
N.Syiem said that the youth to take the lead in politics is because they have a spirit of strength within themselves with the desire to bring them forward. This has been witnessed through the slogans written on the banners: “NOW OR NEVER” “IF NOT NOW: WHEN” which are also the words of encouragement that have been circulating through the minds of the Central Youth Front. .
On the other hand, the miners demanded that the government should deploy police patrols in this area as such incidents happen on this road from time to time.
The nation as it is now is in great danger, if this era continues as it is now in the next 20 and 30 years this nation will be overwhelmed by the problems and “ Nga I ma too much of this cleanliness"
This is the fourth phase of the tournament.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 96410 people have tested positive for COVID-19 since the beginning of the outbreak, 94699 people have recovered and 94699 people have tested positive for COVID-1 There have been 1617 deaths from the disease.
On the other hand, the party strongly condemns the MDA government for obeying the central government in this regard. The party has always said that the government should have taken a decision in the House. Why doesn't the state government do anything to resolve the issue of uranium mining?
The owners of petrol pumps have urged the police to arrest the thieves and some truck drivers involved in illegally smuggling petrol from petrol trucks in the middle of the road before delivery. to various petrol pumps in the State of Meghalaya.
“The Minister was very responsive and promised to help and support us.
The BSF troops on the border are vigilant to ensure that there will be no illegal activities and smuggling on the border with Bangladesh. that works badly.
There are 47 cases in East Garo Hills, 1 case in East Khasi Hills, 33 cases in East Khasi Hills, 2 cases in Ri Bhoi, 6 cases in West Garo Hills and 5 cases in West Jaintia Hills. a number stipulated by the Ministry of Health.
In this regard, the Government of Meghalaya (Sub-State) has appealed to the Supreme Court, and that the Supreme Court will put this statement – ​​QuoteUnquote at the end of the first paragraph of its decision.
The union will file another petition against the GHADC in the Meghalaya High Court regarding the non-receipt of their salaries for more than 11 months.
This was stated by the HNLC in a statement.
“The women's organizations and the people of this area are all concerned about this behavior of the Khasi women because it is a threat to the women's organization. region".
Shibun urged the people to support the BJP under the leadership of the Prime Minister to bring about income change in the country and Meghalaya.
The RWDO leader said that while they were leaving the BSF camp and passing through the signboard to return home, they found Bangladeshi authorities trying to smuggle into the border. of Tishang Nongjri village through the bridge.
Mrinmoy Debbarma, a teacher at the Tripura Painting Salon, has painted the hero Birsa Munda from Jharkhand with his own ideas to showcase his traditional talent.
DD Lapang and Dr Kulul Sangma are currently in Delhi to meet with the Secretary in charge of Meghalaya, CP Joshi.
“We have received information about some people whom we suspect are involved in the crime in Ichamati.
In June 2022, Ri Bhoi District has dropped to fourth position in June 2022 and in June 2022 it has dropped to second position in terms of construction of infrastructure in the field of education.
Speaking to reporters, he said that they have informed the UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh that the list was adopted in 1972 when Meghalaya was independent.
The NPP believes that this increase in rape cases is due to the fact that the perpetrators cannot be arrested or punished according to the law.
This team looks after the information collected by the teams in the area in order to make decisions related to health and other necessary steps to be taken for the betterment of these are cheetahs.
Considering the outbreak of COVID-19 has caused a great deal of trouble to the people in the country and also in the state as a whole, this scheme is to provide support to the households in the state.
St. Mary's College was founded in 1937 in Shillong.
PWD officers, District officials including the Deputy Commissioner and other state government officials were also present to witness the event.
Shillong, April 30; Speaking at a public meeting in Umiam today, the Union Minister of State for Agriculture and Rural Affairs, Parshottam Rupala, said that the The Central Government has encouraged the people of this area to cultivate the method of farming without the use of chemical fertilizers.
Also present on the occasion were the BDO of Umling Block and many other government officials.
Roykupar said that the conflict in Manipur has not come to an end and there are about 200 students studying in the state and this conflict in the state will affect the future of the youth. read.
VD Diengdoh to promote IPS Officers in the State with effect from 1st July,
However, the government has failed to do so and has sent a Letter of Award (LoA) to the company to start the acquisition of these 56 sub-stations of MePDCL. The government's actions and the silence of the ministers and political parties shows the lack of respect for the people and the political parties and shows that the government is eager to enrich the company without any respect. There is a shortage of electricity in the state.
Government officials present included MM Manpui Secretary in charge of Housing, DD Sangma Director Housing Department, Bah PT Passah BDO Mylliem Block.
On the same day, the Minister visited the Ganol Dairy Plant near Tura in West Garo Hills and inspected the construction of a new dairy plant with a capacity of 10,000 liters of milk.
“He said that he has joined the HSPDP since 2019 and some of the leaders who have decided to leave the HSPDP have joined when Bah Ardent M. Basaiawmoit was President of the HSPDP.” The absence of Bah Ardent in the HSPDP has left us a child but we still have hope to strengthen the HSPDP. now and we hope that we will be able to provide better service when we are there (VPP)," he said.
Jirang MLA Sosthenes Sohtun was the chief guest in the presence of BJ Kharshandi MCS, Nongkhrah Rangbah Shnong Celestine Syngkli, Naba Bhattacharjee and others. BCCI members. During the tournament, there was an awarding ceremony for the players who have shown their skills in various fields of cricket.
It was also alleged that the Chairman had already conspired with the Opposition to bring a no confidence motion, but although the EC lost in the majority, it won in the debate in the dorbar.
He said that in the past eight years, the Government has tried to resolve all the problems of the North East by addressing these problems from the ground up.
Experts say it is impossible for women to give birth more than 27%.
The availability of these vehicles will help the people of the state, he said.
The purpose of the Government of India to introduce the Village Council is to have governance in the villages where all the schemes that come from the Government will come through the villages.
The Congress Legislative Party (CLP) today convened a meeting of the Congress Legislative Party (CLP) under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma to express its condolences on the passing away of Dr Donkupar Rou. of the state legislature.
The KSU urges the Prime Minister to accept this demand for the benefit of the people of the area, said Bah Reallystar Nongspung President and Shiningstar Kharbihkhiew Secretary.
The Minister also inaugurated the Shillong-Diengpasoh road which will bring better connectivity to the Shillong border and will free Shillong from traffic jam.
Shillong, July 26: The All Assam Minority Students Union (AAMSU) has burnt down the statue of the Chief Minister of Assam and Meghalaya at Bogaingoan in Lower Hills. Assam.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today directed the police to arrest those involved in the bomb blast of Agnes Kharshiing.
To do this, the government alone cannot do anything and it needs the cooperation of the people.
The Additional SP in charge of traffic said that police saw the jeep (ML05 D 6745) and seized it.
He said the Government has worked hard to send proposals to build adequate roads for people with disabilities in government offices and workplaces.
The 16th Tournament will go to Divine Mercy Mawryngkneng Zone IV to conclude the 15th Tournament. The flag of the Union was hoisted by the Archbishop followed by the Anthem.
The Department in the last five years has distributed Rs 13.12 crore to 290 journalists and their families under the Journalist Welfare Scheme, he added.
Shillong, Nailur 01: The GSU Students Union (GSU) on Tuesday said that the students who have been selected to study doctorate in Assam have not been admitted because the Assam government has refused to accept them in the places. Doctors in the state have been investigating the case.
According to information received by SP News Agency, although MeSEB has now been transferred to MeECL, the power is still with the state government. The government has not yet accepted the light bill.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: Although the dewbilat factories in the state have opened and only 50% of the workers have been allowed to employ, the government's Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited factory in Sohra has not opened. can start the process.
Shillong, July 17: The Langrin Youth Welfare Association (LYWA), an organization that stands to protect the region and the nation as a whole from violence and exploitation against the children of Hynniewtrep, wants to expressed its feelings regarding the Government's plan to extend the railway to Byrnihat and Sohra.
They were selected by the government and the government has paid them 5,000 tyngka each during their training for two years. The Government should not issue a letter of appointment to the teachers as they have completed the training.
Can we put these gifts on clothing bags that will be an advertisement for the shop or company.
To mark the occasion, there were also performances by the students of the school.
The helicopter was used from 25th October to 1st June by the Prime Minister.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh said that as a heritage we have entered the century of Science & Technology. with the hope and expectation to improve the quality of education in the area and in the constituency as a whole over time so that the schools can provide the best education according to the changes. of time.
N.Lyngdoh, Vice President to oversee South West Khasi Hills, Upper Shillong, Laitlyngkot, Sohra, Shella, Eastern and Southern Riwar Zones; Reginal Thabah to oversee the circles in Shillong including Mawlai, Mawprem, Mawkhar and Jaiaw Circles.
Shillong, July 21: Speaking at the opening ceremony of the 50th Anniversary of Meghalaya at the JN Stadium in Polo, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, said that The state is said to be the 21st state in India.
Besides the above, there was also an election and contest for the posts of members of the Governing Body in which the following candidates were elected: Akash Nangia, Amarjang Singh and Ananta Kumar Sen. , Atul C West, Mrs. J Noria, Mrs. Malik, Red Jamir.
The body of Bah Suku Mejar was taken to Nongpoh Civil Hospital for postmortem.
The handover ceremony was held at the BJP office in Shillong today in the presence of party officials to witness the handover ceremony.
The demand for this type of tablet has spiked in part due to the addiction of users in Bangladesh.
The Chief Minister expressed his gratitude to the Prime Minister of India for allocating funds for the supply of water to 2 lakh households in the state in this fiscal year. current.
The union has given 10 days to these people to submit their Labor Licence.
Meghalaya Governor House, Shillong.
The Government will send this rule to the Deputy Commissioners of all the Districts in the State, and the Deputy Commissioners will send it to the Block Development Officers and from the Block Development Officers to the villages and townships in the State. .
Although the opposition was not present in the House, the Governor of Meghalaya completed his part of speaking in the House in which all the members of the ruling party were present in the House. you are the state's governor.
Rangbah Dong, Youth Leaders, VDP Village, Market Vendors, Vehicle Owners and Drivers as well.
On the other hand, the Seng strongly opposes the State Government under the leadership of the Minister Incharge James Sangma to implement this scheme because this tax is what the people have to pay when they leave. to tied petrol pumps at the price set by the Government.
Each of these units can produce 1 lakh dfls per annum and can employ about 300 farmers.
Prasar Bharti Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Gourav Dwivedi briefed on the campaign for MeriMaatiMeraDesh through Akashvani, Doordarshan and other digital platforms of Prasar Bharti.
In fact, the Blood Bank has been one of the issues demanded by the JSU for the past few years, but due to the lack of attention of the State Government, it has not been implemented yet.
These development projects come with the protection of the nation.
Speaking to reporters, he said that the decision of the MHC has put the government in shame, the prime minister and all the officers.
Hundreds of people attended the meeting between the Minister and the people of Mawlai to listen and forgive each other.
Kimchin Lhangum, Deputy Director, NEIAH and sang the National Anthem.
He said the Government has decided to assist them in meeting the need for Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (APIs), by emphasizing the need to produce these APIs in the country. The Government has approved schemes worth T 10,000 crore for the production of medicines and T 4,000 crore for the production of medical equipment in the country.
Doctors of Nongum PHC and Bawri Nethralaya also gave training to the people on how to prevent diseases.
Police, after receiving a complaint that he had been cheated of T.21 lakh through Facebook, together with the Delhi Police, followed up and raided several places where they found. catch these people.
HDR Lyngdoh has been arrested for Police Transport, GAD, Animal Husbandry and Veterinary.
“It is shocking to the state, the vigilantes, the Dorbar Shnongs, the Sengbhalang and me as a volunteer to know that there are only 3,000 drug users but the money for three years the expenditure is Rs 9.28 crore.
The short meeting was conducted by the President of the Circle, Samla Kheiñkor Kharrngi who said that the Circle has taken this step due to the serious problems faced by many households.
Shillong, Naitung 07: The Army today denied the allegation that the Assam Rifles have attacked the police in Assam Bazar. It turns out that it was the police who shot one of the soldiers who had a disability.
This word can be compared to the word langthohkhlieh which refers to a goat that has been written shun from the shyllang and which refers to a man who has been written shun and who has been asked to own the rngiew.
Nongstoin, Jymmang 20: U Bah L Marngar President of the WYWC on Tuesday said that the HSPDP leaders are deeply saddened by the misuse of MLA schemes in Nongstoin and Rambrai constituencies. take advantage of the shortage of people in terms of education in this area.
The purpose of this protest is to bring about change in Khasi, Jaintia and Garo Hills.
The 6th North East Zone Shooting Championship (NEZSC) will be held from 6th to 13th November 2018 at Aizawl, Mizoram. of men and women, youth and children.
Speaking to media, he said that NIIT has been in Shillong since 1992 and initially it provided training in the field of mechanics, but now the working methods have changed and they will start There is no new training in this era of e-digital technology.
Students who have received distinction in various subjects were honored with momentos in the name of former Mairang MLA Bah Kitdor Syiem.
In Meghalaya, three constituencies have already been cast for polling, one in West Garo Hills and two in East Khasi Hills.
U Bah Paul said that this allegation is groundless because such incidents happen in Mawprem especially during the light outage on the same day when his vehicle was hit. KSU leaders said that a vehicle of one of the village leaders was robbed and a house was attempted to be robbed in Mawpren.
In the Middle East too, India's relations have ensured good relations with the Gulf countries where 8 million Indians live and have high incomes.
In a complaint signed by CWC President Shella Block, Gopal Dey, he demanded the immediate arrest of those involved in the killing of Ishan Singh and Sujit Dutta in Ichamati on the 27th. They also demanded to hand over the investigation to the CBI/NIA, to pay compensation to the relatives of the two victims and to ensure the safety of the Hindi foreigners who have settled in Ichamati and other parts of the country. neighboring village.
There are about 12 foreign traders including exporters and shopkeepers who have surrendered before the KHADC.
Shillong, March 18: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Nongkynbah Area Unit today met with the Director of Health Services Dr. TS Nongkhlaw to demand that it is time to open the school. and implementation of the Nongkynbah Health Sub Centre.
They were charged under section 110(1)(b) of the Meghalaya Police Act.
New Delhi, November 01: The GST collected in July 2023 is T.1,61,497 crore of which CGST is T.31,013 crore, SGST is T.38,292 crore and IGST is T.80,292 crore ( including T.39,035 crore collected on the purchase of foreign goods) and cess is T.11,900 crore (including T.1,028 crore collected on the purchase of foreign goods).
In his speech, Bah R.Pyngrope, MLA of this area said that climate change is something that has caused everyone to think not only in this area but in the world as a whole.
“We have provided free home treatment through PHCs. Through HWCs, our aim is to screen for breast cancer, cervical cancer, hypertension, diabetes and others,” she said.
Three of these 26 projects have recently been approved under Category B, to produce 87 types of items in the country.
The office of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly has prepared all the necessary materials for the presidential election tomorrow under the supervision of the Election Commission of India.
“We will inform the public that there are aggregators who are recognized by law and we will issue notices to those who are illegally operating and if they want to earn money they should register as aggregators or they can register themselves within the These aggregators are not available,” he said.
Together with the rest of the world, the Social Welfare Department of the State Government in collaboration with the State Hub for Women's Empowerment and the Meghalaya State Rural Liveslihoods Society took part in the celebration. at the State Convention Centre, Shillong.
Shillong, Nailur 15: There are 243 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills and 75 cases in West Khasi Hills. , 1664 cases have been reported so far.
Regarding the Entry and Exit Points, the KSU JHDU President Samla Ohibait Dkhar has urged the DC of West Jaintia Hills District to expedite the work for the construction of the Khyrdop. To prevent the entry of Mynder into the Bri U Hynniewtrep.
Shillong, Lber 12: “With great gratitude on my part as one of the residents of Mawsynram Block and also as a Sengbhalang worker in the area I have come down to visit the Mawsynram Block area. “It's a good idea to see and inspect with your own eyes the problems faced by the people of the area, especially in relation to the daily commuters through the Mawphlang-Balat Road”.
Regarding the height requirement of 5.3 feet, this is the worldwide rule in such beauty pageants.
Sampath Kumar, Principal Secretary, Social Welfare Department, Government of Meghalaya, said that he is grateful to the Department of Social Justice and Empowerment, GoI for setting up the CRC and for the proposal to build a suitable site at Umsawli. .
This is in accordance with the 1958 Nehru Noon Agreement and the 1975 Indo-Bangladesh Border Treaty.
The Yatra is rooted in the vision of inclusive development, in an effort to ensure that the benefits of Government schemes reach all the people of the country.
Shillong, Nailar 28: U Pa,Im Ainam Manik Syiem, Interim Syiem of Mylliem Hima has invited thousands of children of the Hima to attend the Hima Dorbar to be held on 7th November 2018 at Madan Polo. .
The amendment to Sub-Paragraph (2) of Paragraph 20 of the Sixth Schedule states that all the 12 disputed areas of the Hima Khasi have been included in the State of Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the KSU has alleged that the Deputy Commissioner of SWKH District and the Superintendent of Police have hidden all the facts and have lied by saying that these authorities involved in the incident have gone to investigate. ksam Um, while the PHE department has said that they have no information on this.
The KSU invites all the members of the KSU, the Sengbhalang and the former members of the KSU to attend. Happy Birthday to the Bri U Hynniewtrep.
Nongpoh, Nailur 30: Unidentified persons have detonated a petrol bomb at the office of the District Handloom Officer in Nongpoh at around 10 am today. A Hundai i10 vehicle escaped from the fire by quickly extinguishing the fire. The vehicle escaped from the damage. This is a private vehicle.
In his speech, the Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Rowell Lyngdoh said that more than 50% of the population of the state is below the poverty line and if we want to develop them, we must promote agriculture by providing them with water.
New Delhi, November 14: Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad Sangmau today met with the Prime Minister of the country, Narendra Modi.
Dr Don said he wanted to clarify that the call to discuss is on the influx of foreigners and not the ILP. The meeting will be on the influx.
The Central Government has set a target that by 2026 the country's trade should increase to 1 trillion tons. .
It is hoped that much of the vaccination of those most at risk will be completed before 30 June.
Referring to the garrison ground, Bah Sanbor said that he will meet with the state government authorities to take action so that the ground can be used jointly by the people and the army.
However, at the same time, they said that all the parties come to urge the Chief Executive Members to support their candidates. At the same time, they informed that many parties have promised and issued manifestos. to exercise and protect the rights of the Hima/Elaka before India.
Referring to sports, he said that the National Games 2022 will be important for the state as it is not only a sports event but will also bring about many changes in the state. roads, tourist attractions and many others.
The film has also been nominated for The Green Pardo Award, an award launched in 2022 to celebrate films on sustainability, the environment and the relationship with living things.
The DC East Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (DC East Khasi Hills) will come into force from today and anyone found violating the ban will be punished according to the law. Hills District.
Shillong, July 11: Twenty villages from Mawdiangdaing to Diengphatsoh together with civil society organizations today held a public meeting at Diengphatsoh to protest against the government's plan to purchase land for the purpose of New Shillong Township (NST).
Weapons exhibitions were also held at various schools across the State.
Police have seized 15 soap boxes and three containers and 188.40 grams of heroin worth T.75 lakh, three mobile phones, one mobile phone and 188.40 grams of heroin. A Yamaha Ray ZR 125 bike and an unregistered scooty were recovered from the suspects.
Thus, a diengkot is a lynter tree that measures from end to end of the tree as it is used.
Regarding the private companies, the union urges and warns them to respect the Khasi holidays otherwise the union will not hesitate to take action.
More than 1,40,852 patients have applied under the PMTBMBA and more than 50,799 new NikshayMitras have been registered.
The statement also said that the state is not ready to meet with the authorities of Assam, where the more talks are called, the more foreigners from Assam are allowed to invade and destroy the land of Assam. which has caused fear among the people who are the indigenous people in these areas and who have been living in fear and discouragement for a long time.
In fact, there is a Labor Inspector in Mawkyrwat Block but they don't know where he is because they haven't seen him issue work permits to foreigners who come to work in the area.
Kamai War, recipient of the Tirot Singh Award of the Government of Meghalaya; He congratulated the groups of youth who came to take part in this competition and urged them to improve themselves so that they can bring glory to the nation.
Leaders of the CCIB who spoke at the public meeting held at Dawki today were Bah GH Kharshanlor of HNYF, Bah Daniel Khyriem President of KSU, Bah Joe Marwein President of KSU. In their speeches, they expressed their opposition to the actions of the incumbent DC of West Jaintia Hills and other leaders of the parties and Sordar Shnongs.
On the other hand, the KSU Mawprem Circle demands that the government should immediately release all the members of the KSU Mawprem Circle as the action of the government is like angering the people especially the members of the KSU.
The Seng also urges the JHADC to make the Bill public so that all the people can give their opinions for the purpose of making the Bill accurate and capable of protecting the jaidbynriew. Shillong, March 25: According to a letter sent by the District Council Affairs Department of the State Government to the four District Councils in Meghalaya, 19 June and the implementation of the ILP in the state.
The campaign aims to provide jobs to those who have not yet received these schemes especially to those who should have received various schemes but have not yet received them.
Last year it was closed due to the COVID-19 pandemic and now it has started working and in July this year it will be fully operational.
Not only that, the CEM also assured the party that the T.4.5 crore is not only for cleaning the stone or soil but also for cleaning the bad parts along the road.
Rgds, John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, Meghalaya State Planning Board, Chairman, The Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States.
Shillong, March 30: Residents of Dawki area today at about 10 pm saw a helicopter flying in the area from Dawli to Nongtalang and Bangladesh. lasted about fifteen minutes.
There has been a significant change, in that apart from specific activities, the involvement of the Government in other activities has been less.
On this day, I urge the people of the country to avoid drugs and protect their families from drugs.
The speakers at this public meeting after the march held at Madan Student were from all the political parties in the presence of MDCs from KHADC. The President Chairman of CoHSO, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin in his closing remarks, announced that as a nation, we are against the CAB, 2016 of the Central Government. The second decision was that the state government should implement the Inner Line Permit in Meghalaya.
After the government called for an all party meeting, we went and participated.
Others from outside Shillong are Teinwell Dkhar of Shella, Titostarwell of Sohra, Oland Suin of Mawsynram, Maxdonal Kharkongor of Mylliem and Khamshai Lyngdoh of Mawphlang-Diengiei.
The government's intention to impose this night curfew on the border is to prevent the spread of COVID-19 as Bangladesh is also affected by this disease. Night curfew has been imposed on the border with Bangladesh.
FKJGP Upper Shiilong Circle & FKJGP Mawnianglah Unit will not hesitate to follow up on the inspection. It is not until the aspirations of the people of the village have been achieved.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Titosstarwell Chyne has expressed his deep sorrow over the passing away of two great men who have contributed greatly to the nation. u bah R Right Pde.
Langstieh said the party has requested the police to take action immediately and arrest the robbers and punish them according to the rules of law.
ACHIK said that the people of Garo Hills as well as the residents of Tura have received a protest from the two leaders Laben Ch Marak, Chief Minister of Meghalaya and GSMC Balkarin Ch Marak. continue this protest.
Shillong, March 05: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that 200 people have tested positive for COVID-1
The date of the event will be announced later.
Speaking on the dangers of drugs, the Minister said that drug abuse affects a person, his family and the society as a whole.
Regarding the separation of BA students and those of class XI and XII, the government is currently looking for a place and once the place is available, the government will separate the BA students from those of class XI and XII. Shillong, June 13: Answering a question by Bah Wailadmiki Shylla regarding the 100 bedded hospital at Panaliar, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Shillong, said that the government will The Hospital will be completed within this year.
John D Sangma General Secretary of the AKHAF said that the reason for the lack of doctors and nurses to work at the PHC is due to the lack of stability of the area. The PHC was opened in
Shillong, Nailar 29: U Bah Pynnehborlang Mukhin, Chairman of the Mawryngkneng Block Congress Committee (CDC) today sent his resignation letter to Bah Kennedy Khyriem, Chairman of the Mawryngkneng Block Congress Committee.
Regarding the development works such as roads, it is impossible to mention them all here but only the most important ones such as Ranikor-Lailad, Lailad Nongjri, Khatpra-Mohekola, Sarin Nongkenbah, JR Road, Umpung-Ranikor, Borsora Bridge. , Nongmallang, JR Road-Rangjadong, Mohekola. There are many reasons why you shouldn't buy these products.
At the same time, they should understand what the theme of this song contest is, and the winner of this song contest will be the spokespersons to spread the right message. to fight against the eradication of the disease and to be the spokesperson of the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society for one year.
The driver of the Maruti truck allegedly turned into the vehicle he was driving. Four women and one man were injured. The injured were family members who were on their way to Umsning. who is from Shillong.
However, due to the promptness of timely preventive measures, India has been able to protect many people.
Shillong, March 17: The Collegium of the Supreme Court of India held on 15/10/2019 this month after sitting to discuss the writings of the Supreme Court of India. The Meghalaya High Court has decided to promote Wanlura Diengdoh to the post of Judge of the Meghalaya High Court.
Only cooperation will bring success.
He also said that the school has done a good job by giving 100 scholarships to children from poor families.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: The office of the Chief Executive Officer, Meghalaya Khadi and Village Industries Board (MKVIB) has been relocated from Lower Lachumiere. , Upland Road, Laitumkhrah, Shillong-793003 inside the office of KISMAT.
Shillong, Naitung 31: The support of the State Government and the provision of electricity from other departments like NEEPCO and the Central Grid has helped the state to get electricity during the time of extreme water shortage at Umiam Dam.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: U MLA of Mylliem Constituency, Bah RV Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that he will not oppose any construction on or around Lum Shyllong.
Community empowerment, Community cooperation to fight this disease is very strong.
Other roads include the Shillong-Dawki NH-40 which is 71.5 km long and the Tura-Dalu NH-51 which is 54 km long.
HFU, KHADC and Hima Mylliem in the past months to ban traders from cutting kilos.
In particular, HANM strongly warns against those who harm the fish in this river and if the HANM finds these perpetrators, it will punish them according to the rules of law.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma today spoke to Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma regarding the Malangona incident. persecute the people.
Shillong, Nailur 04 : The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawlai Circle in a statement sent by Samla Biangbor Paliar, President, KSU Mawlai Circle, said that after receiving information, the KSU Mawlai Circle has not received any information. A clash between members of a civil society organization and the police in Khyndailad area.
Regarding the people who come to the state, they have to register whether they are employees, traders, volunteers. rules to punish them if they violate the rules by not registering or providing false information.
They visited the PHC Diengpasoh after receiving a complaint from the people of the area about the poor performance of the PHC. We met with the staff of this PHC. We found many shortcomings in this PHC Diengpasoh. We had a meeting with the staff and they expressed their concerns about the lack of The PHC has been destroyed by the lack of doctors and staffs, the lack of an ambulance and the lack of a building where they have to use the same room to accommodate the staff and patients.
On the issues of social media, Prasad said the government is fighting hard for media freedom but it is necessary to separate truth from danger.
Surprisingly, the vacancy has been advertised in Hyndrabad, while the vacancies are in Meghalaya. In this regard, the party leaders said that the party cannot accept it.
Concluding his speech, Prime Minister Duh said that the path to development is not decided by the Government alone but the whole country has a stake in this task.
They were accompanied by four musicians and under the special leadership of Samla Royal Suting and Andrew Marwein.
Among the schemes that have been implemented in the government, the difference is that the government will introduce the ri church scheme especially in the border villages with Bangladesh due to the demand for goat meat in Bangladesh. good.
Let us now think about how we can attract people and how we can bring about changes in our tourist destinations.
After that, the Dorbar Hima Nongkhlaw decided to build a statue of Tirot Sing Syiem in Mairang on the site where there was no statue.
It is also possible to say suplumtyngka supbuhpisa as much as you like so that these will be like proverbs.
Of course, we as the party welcome these decisions taken by the Cabinet of the State Government and KHADC but as the party we want these two authorities in the state to be united and united in the The Ministry of Environment (MoE) has attempted to permanently ban the mining of uranium by the Atomic Minerals Directorate in Mawthabah-Domiasiat and other places in Nongjri and other places by taking steps to force the Ministry of Environment. and Forests to withdraw the environmental clearance for uranium mining and drilling across the district.
The stories go from generation to generation and are about religion, software, dairy and current market jobs, heritage stories and festivals and about rural India and developing India. forward.
“We sincerely appreciate the unity and solidarity of the Naga people who have not hesitated to fight for the justice of their fellow citizens who have died in the hands of the law enforcement agencies,” he said. Eldie Newton Lyngdoh, Vice President of FKJGP.
The polling will start at 7.00 pm and close at 4.00 pm.
The biggest challenge now is to fight for the preservation of the environment to avoid the widespread deforestation. The use of lyer shet will help the environment to fight for the restoration of the environment. you are clean.
The same letter was sent to the Department of Atomic Energy , the NEDF demanded not to mine uranium in Meghalaya and to stop the construction of large dams in Meghalaya This is the whole country.
The work for various tunnels in the region is in progress, Minister Duh said.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Jason S Mawlong MLA of the area said that the cold weather has been severe tonight and more than 100 houses have been damaged.
The UHM said that if the District Council or the State Government or the UCIL is responsible, the UHM said that if the State Government has done so, the UHM will be responsible. They also demanded that the state government should immediately send scientists to the north to do something so that they can prevent the incident in the north by making the place where they can send people farther away because according to the event.
If the peacekeepers are arrested by the police, who else in the group will have confidence in the law or the government when the HNLC comes back for peace talks? said Mr. Nongtraw.
This will be the first university to be run by the state government and the courses at this university will be Arts, Commerce and General Sciences, Engineering, Live Sciences Technology.
KSU Mawlai Circle has planted about 300 tree seedlings in Umrynjah Secondary School in collaboration with Umrynjah Secondary School. L. Kharshiing and others.
In this regard, the Union will take measures to fight against this threat against the nation.
Others who will take part in this training will be disaster relief workers, hospitals, colleges, schools, NGOs, villagers, such as Bharat Scout and Quide, Red Cross, NSS and other groups.
The seven medical colleges in the eastern part of India are: Regional Resource Centre, NEIGRIHMS, Meghalaya, Guwahati Medical College, Dibrugarh, Assam, RIIMS, Imphal, Manipur, Christian Institute of Health Sciences and Research, Dimapur, Nagaland and Agartala Medical College, Tripura.
Shillong, March 8: Regarding the statement of the Director of NEIGHRIHMS regarding the antibody test at the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic in Meghalaya, it is a mistake. Dr Aman War, Director of Health Services, Meghalaya, said that the government has no authority to criticize the government.
“NECTER will not do this but will pay the cost if there is a need, regarding the medicines, I have spoken to the Secretary of the Ayush Ministry to inform him of this need. ".
of India who gave a keynote address on this special day of NYK.(SP News).
In this regard, the union will gather the teachers and will also take this issue to the Director of Schools, Education and Literacy and others.
“The AJYWO strongly demands that GRIL, the company operating the NH-6, should respect the order of the DC of EJH and also the feelings of the indigenous people by immediately resolving the issue in writing. These spelling mistakes are in the names of villages, land and others.
Passah said that there is a plan to dismiss the Khasi who work at the hospital.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The fate of 245 candidates who contested the election on the 23rd of this month will be announced tomorrow. set by the government.
The party congratulates the people who have welcomed this small donation from the Congress.
Speaking to reporters, Titos said that most of the drivers of commercial vehicles are non tribal.
What they want is equal opportunities for all.
The wreath laying ceremony was started by the Sein Jiantia, followed by the KSU and the Wahthapbroo Dorbar Shnong.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya in November, 2023 has called for tender for companies to operate the EMRI-108 after the expiry of the term of office of GVK. The tender should no longer be called after there was a misunderstanding between the companies when the Government had already called the tender in November, 2023," he said. They have not yet received the tender but they have been delayed because some of them have black remarks.
Police took the three persons to the police station, but the abducted robbers managed to escape from the spot and Police are continuing to conduct a thorough search operation to arrest the robbers.
The main objective is that the election process shall be fair, transparent and transparent to inform the public in such a way as to achieve a transparent governance for the to build society and improve the standard of living of the people in all aspects.
Dr. Toi, through this book, also expressed the views of women in the Presbyterian Church why this first woman missionary in Khasi Jaintia has never found a place in the history of the Church.
The main purpose of the meeting was to address the problems faced by the workers in these areas from time to time as well as to monitor and inform the higher authorities of the Government. the pending demands that such workers face.
The Chief Officer said that the reason why the government has made this change is due to the sudden increase in the number of cases of COVID-19 in the state in recent days.
I want to encourage other villages when such projects come, the people should come forward,” he said.
However, the Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has expressed its deep sorrow that even though the teachers are doing a clean and difficult job, they have to go to the streets to demand their salaries. rights, because the government has forgotten and ignored their legitimate demands.
On the other hand, the Divisional Forest Officer, Dr C. Manjunatha (IFS) said that the reason for the suspension of the issuance of challans is that the old stock has run out and they have now written to the government. count the Mawshun that remains in the fields.
This has been done in view of all aspects, this has helped to provide relief to the private sector and the employees as well, at the same time to have an estimate of the number of employees in this state.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The Trade Department of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has sent enforcement personnel to inspect shops in Nongjri, Nonghyllam and Umsur districts. The people who trade in the area do not have a trading licence.
If the Ministers and Governors of the Hima have not yet spoken, please speak and come forward to do something about this.
It may be recalled that this Dkhar has taken up to T.700, T.800 from each foreigner for the purpose of issuing a fake Syrnod in the name of the Rangbah Shnong of Latyrke.
“We will not rest and we will not sit idly by but we will wait for what the new Government in Delhi will reveal.
The incident occurred at night.
The death toll has risen to 1003 in East Khasi Hills District, bringing the total number of deaths in the state to It has risen to 1477 cases.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said that the purpose of this football tournament is to eradicate bad habits.
The Chief Minister said that to develop a great country requires the cooperation of all, at the same time he said that the protest will affect the economic development of the state.
The people of the country have shown this.
However, the introduction of foreign players or allowing foreigners to play from the state will be a loss to the youth of the Jaidbynriew and also an encouragement to the youth of the state to develop their talents.
The Seng immediately demanded that the management of Adsan Mahindra which is within the boundary of Mawiongrim village should immediately resolve the issue within a day but otherwise the Seng will take other strong measures against it. this car sales company.
We also know that the success of the group is due to the contribution of Bah Nah.
This Mahotsav brings about the unity of deity and a new vision in which the future moves forward.
After receiving this information, the BSF troops have talked to the Bangladesh Border Guard Troops to release the Indians.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma has convened a meeting of all three District Councils to discuss the amendment of the Sixth Schedule, the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act Trading License and Labor License by group.
When asked about the opposition to the Government's plan to take land for the purpose of building a thehñiut, Bah Pyniaid said, “If the Government doesn't explain why it needs to find land, who will agree to give it? area.
He said that so far 300 children have been registered with chronic illnesses and the hospital will complete the treatment of these children and they will start receiving treatment. it will also be extended to other parts of the state in the future.
The Chriman of KHADC said that the government's desire to introduce the Administrator Rule is groundless, the reason is that there is no Administrator Rule, but only the Governor Rule.
Although the journey of the Rangiakura of the State has come to an end, there are still many Rangiakura stars of the country who will continue in this tournament in order to fight for the victory.
He said that if the candidate is strong, he will win.
It is also necessary for the Government of India to remember that the Federation of Khasi States has not signed the Instrument of Merger. The Instrument of Accession on 15 December 1948 was received by the Central Government on 17 August
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: The National President of the BJP Women's Wing, Vanaphi Sririvasan on her visit to Meghalaya to meet with the Women's Wing within the party to prepare for the upcoming MLA elections in the state. in the year 2023.
The demand for the improvement of this road is necessary and the union has been demanding from the government since the past and last year we have sent a letter to the government. through the DC of South West Khasi Hills.
He said that the BSF has tried to help the people of Meghalaya to join the BSF by training the youth in the villages, but the problem is that the youth of Meghalaya they lack physical fitness, physical fitness and health.
Speaking to media after the Cabinet meeting, Prestone said that by 15th November 2018, the government has been able to appoint advisors, planners and a Chief Executive Officer. of the National Games.
The funeral service was attended by the family members of Bah Benjamin Diengdoh, the office bearers of the Mawsynram Sports Association, the East Khasi Hills Cricket Association and the parents of the players. do not participate in this competition.
He said that the government has bought the rice from the FCI to sell it to the public.
Speaking to reporters at Congress Bhavan, Pala said that as a team, Ampareen Lyngdoh and Pynshngiang are in charge of Mawryngkeng Constituency and Kimfa S Marbaniang is in charge of Mawryngkeng Constituency. and Bah Charles Marngar in charge of Mawphlang Constituency.
Surprisingly, the Deputy Chief Minister said that the government has not yet received the letter.
On the other hand , the Secretary of Jalyiah Village , Bah Shillong Dkhar and these two Dorbar Shnongs invite you the people of Jalyiah Village to support them in this election bring victory without glory.
The idea of ​​creating a North Eastern Region of India has been shaped by Purno A Sangma for a long time and now they have been able to shape this dream of his through the NPP. He said that the NPP should be the voice of the people of the region.
Shillong, Nailur 02: The Pension Adalat of the Pension Adalat to address the issues of pensioners and their families has been announced by the Pension Adalat of the Pension Adalat. Accountant General (A&E) Meghalaya, Shillong.
The purpose of the Central Government to set up these training centers is to provide free training to the low paid students to sit for the Civil Services Examinations conducted by the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) on 23rd June NEHU has signed a MoU with DAF to start the DACE scheme at NEHU. In the letter, the KSU said that Meghalaya is a state and NEHU was established in The DACE is to provide assistance to the hill tribesmen who wish to sit for the Civil Services Examination.
Speaking to reporters, Dundee Cliff Khongsit, General Secretary of the union, said that all the animals imported into Meghalaya, whether they are cows, pigs or goats. , Syiar should be examined by a doctor to ensure that they are healthy and cannot be eaten by humans.
Shillong, Lber 01: To fight against drug abuse, the students of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), Jaiaw today held a flag raising ceremony on the streets of Jaiaw Mawkhar area to slogan against drug abuse.
UDP spokesperson AF Dkhar told SP News Agency that the ethnic parties will meet again tomorrow morning to take a decision on the MP candidate. This is the MP election for the Lok Sabha.
He added that the State General Secretaries of Meghalaya, Dr. Evarist Myrsing and Lakhon Biam, are also present.
At the same time, the organization will not be responsible if anything untoward happens to them.
Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, Rituraj Ravi has warned the public not to spread false news related to the incident on the 27th of this month at Ichamati.
They took this protest because of the high price of Masi in Khanapara market.
In connection with this incident, the police have arrested Bah Phurly Suting on 24th June,
Shillong, March 30: U Bah Paul Lyngdoh EM in charge of Trade and Industry of the KHADC, on Tuesday said that the crackdown on mada vendors who do not have trading lines under the KHADC will continue.
The union also said that if anything happens to the Dakhars, the members of the union are accused from time to time and the union also said that Gopal Dey should not be accused without evidence. the police have done their duty.
Through this small step, the KSU Mawlai Circle hopes that one day it will be able to eradicate the part-time dropout, said a statement issued by the Publicity Secretary of the KSU Mawlai Circle, Samla Gary Mawlieh.
Even now, many employment opportunities come from agriculture.
Police have not yet identified the woman. The body of the woman has been taken to NEIGRIHMS Hospital Shillong for post mortem.
In the children's cycling competition, AZ Thotmachan from Manipur won the gold medal, Pynshailang Khyllait from Meghalaya won the silver medal and Vanlalruata from Mizoram won the bronze medal.
On the same day, the union met with the officer of the Range Forest Officer, Umkiang Range because the challan they received was from this office but he was not in the office, but there were only employees. of this department and the graves of overloaded trucks in front of the leaders of the party.
The surprising thing is why the Khasi textbooks even for class lll have not been published in the state, they have to be sent to Noida, produced from Delhi and sold in Meghalaya. It is just a ploy to spend the money of the state government.
There has been a misunderstanding of the law between the Daloi and the JHADC, which has received an order from the Supreme Court of the country, which allows the Daloi to understand each other. with the District Council if they intend to implement the customary practice which is practiced by some Elaka, Hima or Sirdarship and not all Elaka do so.
The request was accepted for seven months.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Pius Marwein said, “Although it will be difficult to help through the schemes that he has because the road is not Shah but I promise to give my right hand. I would also like to invite the church and its members to join hands to complete this project which the Photjaud Rangthong Church has to complete in the construction of this church”.
Shillong, K.Lyngkot 28: The construction of this monument by the British Government in 1924 was to honor and preserve the name of the 26-Labour Corps of the Khasi people. assisted the British Army in the First World War in 1914.
During this visit, we met and discussed with those people who are in the areas where there is mutual conflict, on detailed discussions and research in which they have been able to reach a social agreement which they have signed. signed in the presence of Union Home Minister Amit Shah on 29 October
As part of the cleanliness drive, 70 garbage cans were distributed to three villages in Pyndeng, Mairang Mission and Mairangbah.
According to the objective of NIPUN Bharat is to ensure that all children should be able to read and write at the third grade level. The swearing-in ceremony of the NIPUN Bharat Mission was also read out by the Chief Minister.
However, it was seen that the state government has no responsibility for the welfare of the indigenous people.
Shah urged all panchayats to cooperate in the tree planting programs launched by the army in different areas, to join hands with them and assist the army in planting 10 crore tree saplings and to take care of them.
Police said the length of the bullet was 13 inches, the circumference was 12 inches and the width was 3.5 inches.
While the Jaintia language is the same whether in Jowai or Amlarem, Sutnga, Wahiajer or Shangpung, we use only the Pnar language.
He said the construction of the road from Shillong to Guwahati and from Shillong to Nongstoin has been progressing smoothly.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongthliew has sent a letter to Bah Metbah Lyngdoh MLA of Mariang District to remind him that the HYC Nongthliew has demanded a district within the Mairang Civil Sub. Division.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that compared to the price of petrol in other states, the price in Meghalaya is still lower.
This illegal behavior of these foreigners has angered the union, and in turn the union has immediately expelled all these illegal foreigners.
If you are not sure why you have called for interviews in different departments.
At this meeting, they will also discuss the problems faced by the state governments in relation to the mining of mineral resources in their states.
Police suspect that Apsal was involved in the robbery in Williamnagar.
The Indradhanush Mission has been selected in nine districts in the state, namely East Jaintia Hills, East Khasi Hills, North Garo Hills, South West Khasi Hills, West Jaintia Hills and West Garo Hills.
Therefore, we should respect this,” said Kong Pariat.
Michael Kharsyntiew informed the Union Minister about the needs of the hospital and preparations are underway to build more buildings to improve the quality of care at the hospital.
The record of right has brought about a significant change in the monetization of assets in rural areas and has paved the way for Panchayats to realize and collect revenue in their efforts to develop income generating sources straight.
He said that many of those who have died from the disease have not been vaccinated against COVID-1
The SMB will take the information from these people and after receiving the answers, the SMB will send the report back to the High Level Committee.
He said that the Khasi Seng in the Mawsynram Hima which includes the Mawsynram Village Council, Lawbah, Mawkaphan, Syntein Kenbah and Jympait have no knowledge of the letter to demand the removal of the MBOSE. some chapters from the book “Dienjat ki longshuwa”.
An Army band comprising one JCO and 20 members from other ranks will play the National Anthem during the unfurling of the national flag and the firing of the Rashtriya Salute.
Pawan Hans Limited General Manager Sanjay Kumar in a letter to Returning Officer Pravin Bakshi in charge of 2-Tura LS said that the Dauphin N3 helicopter has been delivered to Meghalaya. Congress committee to transport passengers to different places after receiving the payment.
Two others, Telling Sangma, 26, and Lucas Areng, 18, were also arrested.
The same applies to the two new blocks to be created in Garo Hills. The Rural Development Department has not yet received any written notice to the Block Development Officers about this plan of the government. although the government has already announced its policy.
These oils are obtained from various plants such as Citronella, Lemon Grass, Turmeric, Vetiver, Winter Green, Geranium and others.
The lakhs of rupees have caused problems to the payer because they are poor families and live on daily wages.
"“I would like to congratulate all the members of the various executive committees who have worked tirelessly to make this tournament a success.
Kim Il Sung, the first leader of North Korea since the communist revolution, who died long ago, is still regarded as the leader of the country.
This is the first time that such a thing has happened in the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya.
The RTIs requested by the AJYWO from time to time, in relation to the Trading License and Employee's Service License, have upset the AJYWO, due to the lack of action by the JHADC in this regard.
The party demands that the ILP should not be implemented in the state.
The HSPDP Youth Wing has dissolved its headquarters ahead of the Lok Sabha and Autonomous District Council (ADC) elections in
“The CEM has said that he has sent the Working Plan to the Government and they have not yet received the approval from the Government,” said Bah Marngar.
This training has been very useful to these health workers from Mawhati and Umroi area and they are from 18 villages which are far from PHCs or CHCs. The training was attended by Doctors from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, officers of Futures Group International India Pvt.
Shillong, July 12: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Dangar Balat Border Circle on Tuesday visited the house of Kong Skwollin Kharlyngdoh in Nongthymmai Raidewsaw.
These were the discussions at the meeting held today. At the same time, the Urban Development Department was directed to provide a detailed estimate of how much it will cost to build the houses in the area. A meeting of the High Power Committee will be convened at the end of November next month.
The HYC, on receiving this issue of the students, has sent a letter to the Minister of Education, Rakkam A Sangma to inform him in this regard. and the difficulty of school children from the state in getting their textbooks from bookstores.
He said that if there are any incidents such as drug cases or robbery in the village, if they inform the police, the police will take action to arrive for hours and if they don't know. The answer is that there is a lack of staff or police.
According to the information received, the sudden storm lasted only a short time but the intensity was terrible and in this incident some people were seriously injured, but escaped from danger.
The rules went through various stagesbefore finalizing them.
Shillong, March 11: According to the order of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, shops in Iewduh are allowed to open only 621 shops per day. you're right.
Replying to a supplementary question by Mawkyrwat MLA Reniktone L Tongkhar on the acquisition of land for the construction of the road, the Chief Minister said that the government has announced for a long time that if there are villages that want roads, This is only for the road construction schemes of the state government.
There are 263 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 118 from West Khasi Hills and 91 from West Khasi Hills. The total number of recoveries has risen to 75,698 so far. day.
After discussion in the House, the Executive Committee accepted the proposal and appointed a House Committee with the Leader of the Opposition Bah Manstudy Nongrem as the Chairman of the Committee.
All Central Government hospitals and non-government health centers have been directed to explain to the poor patients to use these lower priced Government pharmacies such as Jan Aushadi Pharmacy and AMRIT Store is located inside the hospital.
On the other hand, James K Sangma said that the arrival of Bah Hilarius in the party will strengthen the NPP party in Jaintia Hills. Sangma under the leadership of Conrad and Sangma as president.
Chairman of the Official Language Committee Amit Shah said that the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, has said that Hindi should be used as the official language and this will help to improve the use of Hindi. in the Hindi language.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: The exercise between the Indian Army and the Bangladesh Army known as “SAMPRITI” is the annual exercise between the Indian Army and the Bangladesh Army. The aim is to bring closer the armed forces of India and Bangladesh.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Upper Shillong Circle on 26th June 2022 raided the workplaces of several Khasi contractors. foreigners who have come to work illegally without any Syrnod in accordance with the Act of the State Government.
The National Education Policy (NEP) has provided for the transformation of education in India and the benefits of this are evident in good institutions like IIM Shillong.
Police have conducted a thorough investigation and so far they have arrested three persons in connection with the murder and the investigation is ongoing.
Pynkut's statement was not sent by Bah.
Jowai, June 08: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) War Jaintia Circle under the leadership of President Samla Laitphar Syngkrem, Samla Lurman B Talang General Secretary and Samla Kindly Khyriem Finance Secretary together with its members this month led by Samla Laitphar Syngkrem. villages under Amlarem Sub Division.
This is the wish of the Central Government and the Meghalaya Government has also implemented it.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong of the Dorbar Shnong Lawsohtun gave a speech and blessed the youth of the village who joined the HYC and urged them to continue their work. good to improve the community.
The program was organized by the Indian Medical Association (IMA), the All India Ophthalmological Society (AIOS) in collaboration with the Bansara Eye Care Center (BECC) and the Society for Promotion of Eye Care & Sight (SPECS).
The Unified Peace Movement has held public meetings around Garo Hills to discuss and bring peace that the government should call for peace talks.
The two independents are Stephen Mukhim and Hopeful Bamon, both from Jaintia Hills.
“Ka KSU strongly condemns this action of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare by appointing without following the rules and regulations and soon the KSU will lodge a letter to the relevant authorities and demand that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare “The KSU should immediately resolve this by removing these posts and announcing them publicly through advertisements,” said the President of the KSU. at this time when crime has increased because of the spread of drugs.
At the same time, the Committee also questioned whether the Code of Conduct can be part of the election rules.
“We will start this work from next Sunday.
Regarding the issue of the MTC bus, the government should take responsibility for this incident in which many lives have been lost due to the irresponsible drivers. .
In North Garo Hills District, the polling from home for the elderly has started today and will continue till 8/June/2 you vote.
Marbaniang said that after the Single Bench appointed the teachers, the State Government has appealed to the Division Bench in 2023 and once again the Court has appointed the teachers again.
They also load the cows when transporting vehicles should be clean and disinfected before loading the cows.
KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar in his speech said that the KSU will not hesitate to continue to demand the ILP in Meghalaya if the service to the nation is illegal they will continue to do illegal.
In his opening remarks, the Chief Minister said that the two-day training was organized by the National Academy of Customs, Indirect Taxes and Narcotics (NACIM) in collaboration with the Revenue Department of the Government of Meghalaya. He said that his view is that the collection of revenue is necessary.
Shillong, Naitung 29: The Union Minister of State for AYUSH, Shripad Yesso Naik has laid the foundation stone for Phase 2 of the construction of the North East Institute of Ayurveda and Homeopathy (NEIAH). ) at NEIAH, Mawdiangdiang, Shillong on Tuesday.
With the introduction of this Bill, Bah Wanshan said that it will help the Dorbar Shnongs to function better and also the Youth Organizations and Women's Organizations to have the opportunity to assist the Dorbar Shnong in maintaining the peace and order of the villages.
They have misused the Dkhar Kur as their Kur for their own benefit in the past decades.
“The Union would like to urge you to take measures to improve the working methods of the Police Department in the State as the misuse of power by the Police in the State has been excessive.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The campaign for the MDC elections in the two District Councils, KHADC and JHADC, ended today at 4 pm. supporters of parties and individual candidates.
Shillong, Nailur 28 : The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) in a statement said that members of the KSU WJHDU will leave for Lapangap to support the victims of the Karbi robbery. the Khasi people.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem said that since the introduction of the Solid Waste Management Act 2020, the KHADC has been able to provide garbage trucks to many of the Dorbar Shnongs under the jurisdiction of the Solid Waste Management Act The jurisdiction of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council is in East Khasi Hills, Ribhoi, West, South West and Eastern West Khasi Hills Districts.
This program has been successful and fruitful.
Shillong, Naiwieng 5: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War today said that 92 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 22 in West Jaintia Hills and 18 in East Garo Hills. Hills, 14 East Jaintia Hills, 9 West Garo Hills, 06 South West Garo Hills, 5 Ri Bhoi and 1 North Garo Hills.
The talks on the formation of a government have not progressed well.
Nongpoh, Nailar 05: The Confederation of Ri-Bhoi People (CoRP) Eastern Zone has found that there are 17 villages in Block II which have disappeared from the census. The CoRP has raised the question of where these 17 villages are located. from the list of Mawlasnai PHC and why the health department does not recognize the villages as belonging to this state, where in other schemes like MGNREGS and government schemes these villages receive direct assistance from the government The leader of the union said that according to the plan of the health department, they don't have any names and they don't belong to the state and the PHC. Mawlasnai PHC has a population of 12679 and shows that there are more men than women. In this regard, the CoRP demands from the state government and the health department. The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has issued a statement saying that these 17 villages do not belong to Mawlasnai PHC while the residents of Mawlasnai PHC if they need to get medicine come directly from the PHC when they are suffering from illness. their bodies.
Giridhar Aramane and Lt Gen Waker-Uz-Zaman agreed on the outcome of the talks at the fourth meeting on defense issues between the two countries. The two sides will continue to improve their cooperation in relations between these countries.
The organization has donated to the families who cannot afford to support their families.
The death toll from districts is 3, East Jaintia Hills 15, East Khasi Hills 580, North Garo Hills 6 and Ri-Bhoi 22, South Garo Hills 4, South West Garo Hills 8, South West Khasi Hills 3n West Garo Hills 37, West Jaintia Hills 61 and West Khasi Hills
Also present on the occasion was the President of MSSASA, Bah Aristotle C.Rymbai.
Suddenly, on 1st November 2023, the list of students to study MBBS through the government scheme was released and it was found that the same non-Khasis who are on the Screening List have been selected. to read through the Open Category.
The government should strengthen the women's police force and the investigations should be conducted according to modern technology so that the victims can get a fair trial.
On the other hand, the Seng also sends its condolences to the families of those who have died of Covid-19 and also wishes those who have suffered from this disease and They are being treated or quarantined in their homes so that they can get a healthy body as soon as possible.
The election campaign will be held from 7 pm to 5 pm.
On the other hand, Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MSPB, said that this meeting is one of the activities that the Working Group-III has followed up with many C&RD Block and many VECs in the MSPB. He said that the State Government has now agreed to allow the VECs to count 1% (shi percent) of the fund. material as part of the fund for the VECs, many of them in their congratulations to the State Government for the 1% allocation to the VEC Fund requested to increase it so that it can create opportunities for the VECs. VECs will receive a more sustainable fund.
In his speech, Samuel Bouchard expressed the hope that the French Government is committed to closer cooperation in various departments and is ready to hold talks on joint collaboration in Talent Identification, Training, Coaching and some sports such as Athletics, Archery, Aquatics, Basketball Badminton and some Contact Sports, such as Boxing, Judo, Karate, Taekwondo, and Football, Gymnastics, Table Tennis, Lawn Tennis, Shooting, Weightlifting, Wrestling and others especially as Meghalaya is preparing to host the National Games in
“Our main goal is to contribute to the development of the community in which we live and the HCLTech Grant is a way for us to work together with civil society, voluntary organisations. please be known as an NGO with the same goal.
Speaking to media after the filing of nomination papers, Pala said, “As of now, they (BJP) have not announced the list of candidates.
Both these candidates are well known in politics, Khagre has been MLA, MP and Shashi Tharoor has been MP three times and he is also a good person in the world. win no matter who because both have their own unique skills and flaws as human beings.
The DC's office said that if anyone finds those who break garbage, the law will take action and this will come into force from 5th November
On the other hand, the MLA of this constituency, Martin M Danggo, who is still in the constituency, to provide assistance to the people in this tragic incident, in the presence of the Additional Deputy Commissioner of Ranikor District, Bah HS Diengdoh and BDO of Ranikor, Bah FD Basan.
Meanwhile, the Meghalaya Police today tightened security in Shillong to ensure that no incident occurs due to the incident at Mukroh.
The registration of beneficiaries is under Zikzak and Betasing blocks in South West Garo Hills and Selsella in West Garo Hills District.
Jowai, Nailar 28: The Additional Deputy Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai, Bah DP Kharsati, today informed the public that any individual or civil society organization who wishes to provide information on the death of two persons has been arrested. During the Lock Up, Jowai Police, can meet or appear immediately at the office of Bah DP Kharsati ADM at the office of the Deputy Commissioner on the 20th.
