The abduction took place after he returned from his workplace.
The BSF said that the money was demanded from the traffickers and the intention was to send it to Bangladesh to the leader of the rebel groups.
Police on Tuesday evening arrested a 45-year-old drug dealer at Jingkieng Umshyrpi in Jhalupara Out. Post.
Shillong, July 16: The BJP today admitted that more than 1,000 women from the 18th Shillong West Constituency have joined the party at a meeting held at Upper Mawprem Shillong in Nongsohphoh.
Shillong, Lber 12: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today approved the budget for the year 2024-2025 which amounted to T.329,07,00,710/- tyngka. dorbar in which the opposition has brought forward a discussion to count from the budget.
This was a great trouble for the people.
“After the examination of 71 persons at Shillong Civil Hospital, 40 persons were found to have tuberculosis and out of the 1093 persons who came for screening, 55 persons were positive. “It's a chronic disease,” said Dr. Mawlong.
Arun Goel is an IAS from Punjab in 1985. He holds a Post Graduate degree in Development and Commerce from Churchill College, University of Cambridge, England. the M.Sc in Mathematics.
The Prime Minister said the most accurate test is the PCR test.
He said that the allocation for railways has been increased by nearly 400 percent and 6,000 kilometers of highways have been constructed in the last 10 years compared to 10,000 kilometers in
The tender cost is T.105.84 crore.
In his speech, the Principal Secretary to the Power Department said that the state is still dependent on electricity generated from water, coal and wood and such electricity generation has not been achieved. only affected the environment but these are temporary.
Similarly, the absence of the State University has affected the students of the state who wish to continue their studies.
Shekhar said that according to the total number of students in all the seven states who have completed their higher education is 40 to 60 thousand.
The EJNC urges the State Government to take immediate action to resolve the Assam ownership of the village which falls under Meghalaya and also the MDA Government to ensure that 10 inches of land of the State should not be destroyed. Sambormi Lyngdoh, President of the EJNC, said that the EJNC has been working hard to improve the situation in Assam.
Children who did not have the opportunity to drink the vaccine on the 27th of this month can drink it on other days within these days.
The total number of cases in the state is 1186, 839 in East Khasi Hills, 45 in West Khasi Hills, 57 in Ri Bhoi, 2 in West Jaintia Hills, 116 in West Garo Hills and 3 in South West Garo Hills. South Garo Hills 16, East Garo Hills 81 and North Garo Hills
Shillong, Lber 14: UDP Vice President Allantry Dkhar today said that the party has decided to contest former MLA Sayadullah Nongrum as its candidate for the upcoming elections. The election was held in Selsella Constituency.
Speaking to media, Prestone Tynsong said the meeting will discuss the villages involved in the border dispute, namely Deshdomrea, Borduar, Nongwah-Mawtamur and Block-Mawtamur. 2.
The Minister said that the government is considering the leave of the Director General of Police and after a thorough consideration it will be released. what happened in Mawlai.
Speaking on the government's efforts to provide farmers in the state, Conrad said, “In the past six years we have set up 166 processing units, 154 warehousing facilities and 34 warehousing facilities. cold storage in remote areas of the state"
Interestingly, there is no case against Dawri in Meghalaya and as Meghalaya is a state in peace because the people have nothing to do with the perpetrators.
“It is the desire and aspiration of our candidate, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin to set up the office of the MP of Shillong Parliamentary Constituency in Shillong for the benefit of the people.
PK Boro, Joint Secretary, Urban Affairs and Director Urban Affairs, SMA Razi, Commissioner & Secretary in charge of Urban Affairs, has been released. He will also be the Commissioner & Secretary of the Secretariat Administration.
Dr Donkupar has been winning the MLA elections in 1988 as an independent candidate, supported by the Alliance Reconstruction of Meghalaya State. the Bom until now has held and led the national parties.
The training was held in Tura.
Referring to Bah JA Lyngdoh, he said that he has a job to explain but everyone knows and when it comes to the party he knows better. coal carriers, or builders, the state needed legislators.
I wish them continued success in your studies," he said.
The Union Minister has arrived in Nongstoin to take part in a meeting regarding the department he holds and the arrival was by helicopter.
The AIM Meghalaya State Unit has sent a letter to the Directorate of School Education and Literacy, Govt.
However, during the recent inspection, the union found that the promises of the DC have not been fulfilled.
Shillong, November 8: The Chairman of the Public Accounts Committee (PAC) of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the part-time schooling of children in The PAC suggests that training should be provided in schools to reduce this part-time dropout rate.
Speaking at a public meeting held at Bhoilymbong in Ri Bhoi District, James K Sangma, one of the NPP leaders, said this.
According to the complaint, three women were walking and the CRPF officer opened fire on one of the women. mother of two children.
She went to help on the 29th of June.
Upper Primary School (GUPS) in East Jaintia Hills District where they were appointed without any invitation for an examination to determine their ability to teach.
Shillong, July 16: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Bah PS Dkhar today said that mobile data and internet services have been suspended for 48 hours from 3 pm today.
The deceased were identified as Persunath M. Marak, 75, Bodresh Sangma, 60, Enila R. Marak, 38, Jasbina M. Sangma, 25, Banila Ch.
Shillong, Riswa, 28: The Shillong Chamber Choir has sent its condolences to the family of Vikash Nandwal who died in a petrol bomb blast in his shop. All the members of this group have sent this message to them and pray to God that God will be with them, have mercy on them and bless them. their houses are all yours.
On the other hand, the Director General of Police, Dr. LR Bishnoi, said that this is a great victory for the police in which they have seized the ammunition hidden in the ground.
Shillong, November 14: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 9 cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in the state. there are 138 of them.
They will start this public meeting from Ri Bhoi District on 18/7/2013 at Nongpoh.
David A Nongrum has been elected twice as MLA from Mawryngkneng in 2013 as an independent candidate and in 2018 he joined the Congress party. He won the MLA election on the Congress ticket.
which means that he is equal to a cabinet minister in the government.
The Indian Oil Corporation Limited (IOCL) through the office of the Chief General Manager (CGM) of Indian Oil has held a meeting with the LPG cylinder distributors of Khasi and Jaintia Hills Districts. In collaboration with the office of the Online Tent Service Centre, Shillong which has taken over the registration of beneficiaries of this scheme in collaboration with NGOs, various groups, youth organizations and to different Societies.
Tanbor Swer was awarded the Rana Kharkongor Award, Daminot J Wankhar and Adlyne Khonglam were awarded the Riti Award, and others from Assam were awarded the Media Plus Award.
This intrusion of the Assam Police into the border areas and their insults to the State Leaders has happened from time to time.
Shillong, Nailur 14: Banjopthiaw Lyngdoh Marshilong has been arrested by the Meghalaya Police at 3.10 pm today for allegedly throwing the vehicle of the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma at Qualapaty.
Shillong, Nailur 27: Ajay Kumar Viswakarma, Assistant Manager Operations, of Writer Safeguard Pvt.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the DGP, Robert said that during the meeting, the union urged the Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) to order all the villages to leave the country. keep a register of residents and provide information to the police.
Out of the 13 candidates of KHNAM who attended the swearing-in ceremony, 11 candidates.
The need for social distancing should not be overlooked.
The total revenue for the four years was Rs 994.2 crore.
Most of the candidates have registered in East Khasi Hills District with 116 candidates, 102 males and 14 females. In Eastern West Khasi Hills District, 9 candidates, 7 males and 2 females have registered.
The Department also conducted the program 'Principles and Strategies for Landscape Integrated Fire Management through Collaborative Governance' in collaboration with the Agency for Integrated Rural Fire Management, Portugal, the Korea Forest Service and the International Tropical Timber Organization (ITTO) at the UNFF 19 in New York.
The government's aim is to clarify the allegation of radiation as alleged by the civil society and some people, after receiving a report from the Expert Agency or the The Expert Committee will determine whether you are exposed to radiation.
Dr Muruganu spoke about the special role of radio during the independence struggle where the strugglers used it as a tool to disseminate information about the actions of the British Government.
On the same day, HANM also welcomed the leaders of the Poor People Movement (PPM) to the party.
One of the flagship initiatives will bring together artisans, weavers and local entrepreneurs with the aim of hosting 5,000 – 10,000 people annually.
Amlarem, Naitung 29: The District Rural Development Agency (ICAR) in collaboration with ICAR RC HR Umiam today conducted a special training on fish farming for the residents of Amlarem. Sub-Division at the office of the Block Development Officer in Amlarem.
The Ministry of Ayush has released T.139.11 crore as the central government's share to Assam till 2023-2
The North Eastern Council and DoNER organize this celebration every year to promote tourism in different parts of India and the North East. The meeting was opened and conducted by the Union Minister of State for DoNER, Dr Jitendra Singh. The Chief Minister in his speech said that Meghalaya has beautiful places. , forests, valleys, creeks, wildlife and flowers and such prominent places as Sohra, Mawlynnong and Nokrek.
Shillong, Nailar 23: The examination of the Higher Secondary School students of the Khatsawphra Sport Association (KSA) has gone smoothly today. teachers.
This was announced by Samla Shngaiñlang Sohklet President KSU Upper Shillong Circle and Samla Shelkitbok Kharbani General Secretary KSU Upper Shillong Circle.
Titus Chyne, one of the Executive Members of the KHADC who is also the leader of the UDP, confirmed that the Council has decided to write to the state government to ask for more time to allow the KHADC to leave. will not be able to give its views on this proposal to amend the Sixth Schedule.
By bringing tobacco users alternative ways that help them how to quit smoking, which will lead to a 50 percent reduction in deaths from diseases caused by the year 2060 will be the year
The chief speakers on the occasion were Dr. D. Gogoi, Consultant Psychiatrist, Woodland Hospital, Dr. B. Barman, Associate Professor, Department of Medicine, NEIGRIHMS, Kong I. Shadap, Clinical Psychologist, Civil Hospital, Nongstoin. , madam.
"A major highlight of the event was the launch of the “OT Nursing Procedure Manual.
Jowai, July 02: The KSU Mynksan Unit is deeply surprised at the silence of the government through the MeECL department on the demands which have not been implemented yet.
Shillong, Lber 15: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, in reply to a question raised by Bah Lambor Malngniang on a news article published in the SP News Agency entitled “Who wrote in the field?” the army at Laikkor Peak 'Trespasses in Site'
Referring to the 35th Ranikor Constituency, the meeting decided that all the office bearers of the party will campaign for Bah Pius Marwein to ensure that the UDP will win from this constituency in the mid-term elections. times.
At the same time, he said that peace talks with the rebel groups in the area are ongoing.
Shylla said that the government's plan to build a railway line in Jaintia Hills has prompted these truck owners to come forward to protest.
After the union found in the past years the widespread spread of idols in the water wells in Sanmer, Umkaliar and other places, the union has been polluting these wells and as well as the environment and can have a serious impact on health.
In a complaint lodged by Dr. Seiboklang Buam to the Muktapur PPP Police Station, he alleged that a BSF soldier named Rejendra Kumar and an unidentified BSF soldier arrested him. near the Shiv Temple, Hawaii Tilla in Lakroh.
Police in Ri Bhoi District have seized a bus number MN-01-AA-0484 and a vehicle coming to Meghalaya. The bus was seized with suspected drug boxes.
The BSF will also take part in the All India Police Duty Meet (AIPDM) to be held in Shillong where two Padmashree award winners and 17 Arjuna award winners will be awarded.
Also present on the occasion were the EM in charge of Elaka Affairs, Bah Jambor War, EM in charge of Trade, Bah Rangkynsai Kharbuki.
Together with the mass mailing unit of the CBC, it has joined hands with the India Post to distribute the calendar to more than 2.5 lakh panchayats in the country in the regional languages, Desai said.
Shillong, Naitung 23: The Trinamool Congress Leader Dr Mukul Sangma has confirmed the Mawhati Trinamool Congress Constituency and Dr Saralin Dorphang as the President of the party. election 2023 and Mawhati Constituency.
The BAC has also informed Prestone Tynsong, Parliamentary Affairs Department, Opposition Leader Ronnie V Lyngdoh, TMC MLA Charles Pyngrope and TMC Lahkmen Rymbui. Shillong, July 24: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today laid the foundation stone for the construction of three roads to New Shillong Township, one from Lumshyiap, Bellafonte and one from Umsawli. Exit.
Replying to a supplementary question, the Chief Minister, Prestone said it is true that in 2020, the preparation for the inspection has been suspended regarding the cost of construction of this road. The reason for this is that there has been talk to turn this road from Mawphlang-Balat-Ranikor into a National Highway.
The trust that Gandhi gave to Patel did not prove to be wrong and Sardar Patel not only became the leader but also the leader of the people.
They should complete and take all the medicines prescribed by the doctors and not leave them for a while, and they should also see the doctors to check whether the illness is cured.
The Minister said the government would look into the demand of the MLA.
In his speech, the Syiem of Khyriem Hima, Dr Balajied Syiem, said that the arrival of foreigners who have been living for 200 years has been a shock because their teachings are against the traditional beliefs.
In another incident, the house of Bipul Das, Umkdait, Nongymsong village, collapsed due to an electrical shock.
Shillong, March 10: NEHU has launched a seminar on “Atmanirbhar Bharat” in which students are government officials. The Central Government in charge of MSMEs has been involved.
Other decisions taken by the Cabinet include the amendment of certain words in the Meghalaya Human Rights Commission Rules 2014 and the introduction of new words.
Because they didn't have enough bullets to fight, the BSF troops used the knives in their rifles.
Speaking to SP News Agency, General Manager of MCCL, Bah F Lyngdoh, today said that the production of dewbilat from the MCCL plant is 600 MT per day. can be accomplished.
Regarding the recruitment of teachers in schools, this will continue, the government understands the need for teachers and the recruitment of teachers is ongoing.
He admitted that there are still many colleges and educational institutions across Meghalaya which lack qualified teachers in the subjects and there are also colleges in urban and suburban areas which do not have all the education departments.
To construct a drainage system in the station of Risiang village 10km which does not have a drainage system which has caused heavy water to flow into the houses of the people which has severely affected and endangered the people family living near the road.
However, this has lasted only temporarily as the District Council has suspended and removed him as Basan Nongkseh because the KHADC has suspended him according to the letter no. .
More than 69 percent of the voters have exercised their right to cast their votes in the Shillong and Tura Parliamentary seats.
On the relationship and exchange of money, it has created an equal status between the poor and the rich, where all receive the same protection without any difference in society and this transfer of money gives equal justice among the poor and the rich.
The union feels that while many of the leaders and civil society organizations are against the auction of MeECL but these officials of the company come here, there may be something behind the intention of the Power Dept. On the other hand, we don't allow the Power Dept.
The SHTC holds such concerts every two years and the next concert will be held in
Speaking to reporters, Tongkhar said that from this committee, the government has set up sub committees for those districts which border with Assam and for West Khasi Hills. you sit down.
The Seng has also suggested to set up a De Addiction Aftercare Rehabilitation Center and the Seng will take over the land to find and also to explain to the village to accept the establishment of this De Addiction Aftercare Centre.
Shillong, Naitung 19: Two persons have died of COVID-19 at NEIGRIHMS Hospital Shillong today, bringing the total number of deaths from COVID-19 in the state to four.
The delegation was from North Garo Hills led by Pilliport D Shira@Rakban.
Shillong, June 08: The Seng Khasi Kmie, Shillong has received the sad news of the passing away of Rangbah Sumar Singh Sawian on the 7th June,
The MJACCV will continue its protest tomorrow morning by holding a sit-in in front of the statue of Kiang Nangbah near the Civil Hospital Shillong. they shall be announced.
A total of 23454 samples have been taken so far, 22902 have tested negative, 290 are awaiting results and 21496 have returned to the state. .
“But now there are signs that have been proven, in which there has been an attempt to create racial discrimination, to start dictating how to eat, how to say, how to do it,” said Meira. I don't know why when the government has a majority in parliament and the power they have, they try to distance themselves from the people. field".
Shillong, Jymmang 04: U Prestone Tynsong, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today said that the government has not yet taken any decision to open schools or colleges in Meghalaya. sor or country.
Of course, as the organization we are pleased and pleased to encourage the development of Khasi film production and we cannot say that films are also an important part of showcasing to foreigners the culture and traditions. Our progress as a nation but what we see through this film seems to mislead many especially those from abroad about the character and thinking of the Jaitbynriew Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum.
Dr Khlur Mukhim said that according to the changes of the past, people are still syierbiej but in this age not only women or men but it depends on the ability especially in this age of knowledge. intelligent.
At the same time, he also met with political party leaders from other parties to seek their support and urge them to oppose if the bill comes into the Rajya Sabha.
Nongstoin, Jymmang 25: The Electrical Contractors Union, Nongstoin in collaboration with the Inspectorate of Meghalaya, Shillong has organized an electricity conservation awareness at Seinduli Market.
Other members of the committee include the Leader of the Opposition PN Syiem, Mawhati MDC Charles Marngar, Mawkyrwat MDC Carnes Sohtun, EM Paul Lyngdoh. KHADC MDC from Mawphlang.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Sub Divisional Officer of Sohra Civil Sub Division said that two bodies were found in Ichamati village this morning.
When it comes to society, crimes against women have increased from year to year.
The letter of support to the PDF Executive Committee led by Bah PN Syiem was signed by all four MDCs. The reason why these MDCs of the HSPDP have given the reason why they went to support the EC of Bah PN Syiem is because they want to support the EC of Bah PN Syiem. The CEM should still fight for the rights of the minority to protect the customs and traditions of the minority.
In the 2019 MLA elections, Conrad K. Sangma returned to the political scene and this year the NPP has re-elected Agatha Sangma in the Lok Sabha elections. Agatha has been defeated by the Congress candidate Saleng A. Sangma in the Lok Sabha elections in
The distribution of these dairy cows was conducted by the Livestock Department of the State Government in collaboration with the Basin Development Unit, South West Garo Hills. Council, Dikkanchi D. Shira, Chairperson, Bluebell R. Sangma, CEM, GHADC, Boston Marak, Deputy Commissioner CVD Diengdoh and other government officials.
As a sign of condolence on the passing away of Vikash Nandwal today at about 7 pm there will be a candle burning prayer at Khyndailad to express condolences on this incident.
The State Government should first formulate Service Rules for Lady Supervisors and Anganwadis and not only that the Social Welfare Department should also follow the rules issued by the Central Government and the ICDS scheme. When inquired, Bah Roy Kupar Synrem said that according to the RTI reply received by the HYC from the office of the Social Welfare Department, there are 222 people. Lady Supervisors employed in ICDS will have to oversee 5600 Anganwadi Centers while one Lady Supervisor will have to oversee at least 20-25 Anganwadi Centres.
His contribution is indeed commendable as his educational offerings have helped students achieve success.
Dr. Kharlukhi, who is also the former State President of the NPP Meghalaya State Unit, said that it is a bad sign for the state if the elections are won because of the strike. The job reservation policy is not available.
Shillong, Nailar 24: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today sent a letter to the state government opposing the government's plan to implement the CrPC and CPC in the District Council land. by CEM Mr. Titosstarwell Chyne.
Shillong, November 12: The 46th meeting of the Directional Level Lead Intelligence Agency (DIA) was held in Shillong in the presence of all the intelligence departments of the Central and State Governments. to look after this part of the North East of India.
The message to the Meghalaya cricket team is “whether you are the champion or not but for us you are already the champions” said Reuben Najiar.
Various educational institutions such as centers under the Pandit Madan Mohan Malaviya National Mission on Teachers and Teaching (PMMMNMTT) located at Central Universities, IISc, IUCAA, IIT, IISER, NIT, State University; Human Resource Development Centers (HRDCs) of UGC, National Institutes for Technical Teachers Training (NITTTRs), IIITs, Open Universities are now recognized as NRCs.
He said that many people have expressed their desire to contest the MP election from Meghalaya but until now it has been only a verbal discussion, what he wants should be seen in writing.
Because of this lockdown, the employees of the Railway Department who are deployed at the warehouses, railway stations and control offices continue to work with a strong spirit to ensure that there is no the impact on the transportation of goods for important departments.
The meeting was attended by retired army chiefs, government officials such as HN Das, former chief secretary of Assam and other prominent personalities.
There are 15 recoveries, 76 in critical condition, 19 in East Khasi Hills, 12 in East Khasi Hills. In Bhoi 4, South Garo Hills 1, West Garo Hills 1, West Jiantia Hills
On the statement against the BJP, he said the opposition will try to mislead the people, but it is the duty of the party leaders to explain what the BJP government is doing for the people. .
The JAC has urged all the residents and visitors to join in this road blockade due to the Government's negligence and disregard for the Namchiang area to improve the NH- 6.
Police rushed to the scene after finding that there were militants staying in the area. The fighting between the two sides lasted for more than an hour, police said.
However, in the midst of this darkness came this light in which the old man, Bah Nel, whom he loved, published this book.
The main part of the Lehniam began in the afternoon at Aitnar- the holy pond, where the Behdeinkhlam began with the arrival of the Wasan under the leadership of the Pator to hold the thanksgiving to the Syiem. Aitnar followed the visit of the Symbud Khnong Blai.
Speech was also delivered by the Chief Guest, Bah Hadrian Lyngdoh, MDC of the area, who acknowledged that the time has come for the Government to take action to implement the demands of KAS. now 39 years old.
Most of the time it has caused great sorrow to the people when they walk on the road every day from the highway and also especially to the parents who have to think and be vigilant especially when turning according to the time. They go to school every day until sometimes they cannot reach the school on time due to the traffic jam which has caused inconvenience to the people especially the children.
On the cost of conducting the election as the GHADC does not have the funds, the state government will reimburse and the cost will be calculated from the share that the GHADC should receive from the land resources.
Shillong, Nailur 09: A video has been circulated on WhatsAPP in several groups on the answer of a person how he was able to enter Meghalaya without anyone watching him. Byrnihat is located at Umiam View Point.
On the other hand, the residents of the village alleged that all this was the violence of Freeman Syiem, Syiem of Sohra Hima and the interim Rangbah Shnong of Thiedieng, Mathaias Syiemlieh.
Shillong, July 10: At a meeting convened by the Meghalaya State Planning Board to discuss the central schemes of the Central Government, such as MGNREGS, IAY, and others of the Government, An open session was held with the Sordars, Rangbah Shnongs, Secretaries, VEC Officers, Chairman, Secretary and Women's Representatives of 103 Village Employment Councils (VECs) at Mawthadraishan C&RD Block, on On 10th January 2014, a meeting was held with 157 VECs at Mairang C&RD Block, on 10th January 2014, within the boundary of West Khasi Hills District, to listen to their views and opinions on the implementation of the VEC. especially the challenges and benefits of the Mahatma Gandhi NREGS/NREGA scheme, IAY scheme and others.
“We appeal to students to join hands and voice their opposition to the illegal acts of degradation.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The Meghalaya Police Department today said that the Special Court of East Khasi Hills has convicted Tovanath Dahal in connection with the rape case. A case was registered at Lumdiengjri Police Station.
On this occasion, certificates were also distributed to those who have just completed the training, such as mobile making, welding, khapsniuh and others according to their wishes.
The order, which was issued by the DC on 28th October 2013 and informed to him only on the 20th of this month, said that the applicant who is not from the Hima Khyrim Syiemship, has a question because there is no authorized letter the documents submitted is of a private nature so cannot be accepted.
The resignation will also be from the post of President of Umroi Constituency.
He wrote, 'Once again the stones will fall, Once again the winds will fall.
The Chief Minister said that the lack of petrol and diesel storage facilities in the state has been one of the reasons for the increase in the price of petrol. The depot has been established in Meghalaya and has been handed over to the food department in Ri Bhoi.
All the States and Branches of the Seng Khasi Bri U Hynniewtrep are requested to celebrate the Seng Kut Snem on the 23rd November 2020, at 8 pm by raising the flag of the Seng Khasi, at their respective houses. of their schools and houses of their Seng Khasi with thanksgiving, prayer by the Tymmen U San of their districts/branches of their Seng and the gathering of groups shall not exceed 50 members and shall not be follow the directives and regulations of the Government.
A committee has also been set up under the supervision of the Speaker to assist in this work in many ways.
Referring to the statement of the Editor of Rupang, he said that he will not talk to the government.
The third dorbar bah of the farmers was held today and to conclude tomorrow morning they will discuss the problems of the farmers and what will be done to address those problems faced by the farmers. The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah AL Hek, who is in charge of the Ministry of Agriculture, has inaugurated the project.
Shillong, March 02: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh today visited the injured in the gas cylinder explosion at Keating Road on Tuesday. I'm from Barpetta.
The Government has taken many measures in this regard so that the 4.5 lakh electricity consumers in the state will not face any problems.
Dilip Jaswal said that in the 70 years of the Congress in India, the North East has witnessed the arrival of the Prime Minister.
This move by the government through the power department shows its lack of attention to the voice of the people despite the opposition from many quarters including the civil society.
On the other hand, COMSO has admitted that the flag raising ceremony was near the venue of the meeting of the Union Minister and the flag raising ceremony was held until the Minister left the meeting. meeting.
Commander Shangpliang also urged the farmers to set up units in every village across Khasi and Jaintia Hills so that they together with the Sengkmie can take up the issues of the farmers.
The GST laws were first enacted in 2009.
he does whatever he wants, and he doesn't honor or respect anyone.
This road is not constructed under the PMGSY scheme in Assam.
Four mothers, Tanushree Hazarika, Leena Saikia, Lakshmi Baruah, Janessaline M Pyngrope and Queency Thangkhiew also spoke on the occasion.
He said, “If you want to win the competition, then you have to have determination and firmness.
Shillong, March 18: U Minister in charge of Electricity, AT Mondal today said that there was a contract in 2007 and according to the social contract, the amount left to NTPC has reached T. .488/- crore.
The meeting was attended by the President, Sahitya Academy, Vishwanath Prasad Tiwari and K. Sreenivasarao, Secretary, Sahitya Academy.
During the meeting, the Union Minister was urged to improve the road from Tura to Baghmara which has been badly damaged. Bangladesh The deterioration of roads has caused losses to the people in this district.
Donald V. Thabah, General Secretary, KSU CEC was the chief guest in the presence of Samla Badonkupar Nongbri, Head of KSU South Khasi Hills. Samla Edmund Khongsya General Secretary, Samla Richest Malngiang Vice President, Samla Denis Bnai Lamin Finance Secretary and other leaders of KSU South Khasi Hills District Unit.
Bijit Goswami, Shillong Branch Manager Guflink, John Chowdary, Imtimoong and Imtimoong were also present.
The Chief Minister said that the opening of Police Stations, Blocks and Civil Sub Divisions is for the benefit of the people.
According to the order of the Green Tribunal in Delhi, it is prohibited for persons or companies to quarry stone or shyiap without a license from the Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources of the Union Government. 2006 and subsequent amendments.
Thus, the increase in the number of new voters is 30,949 thousand compared to the number of 21,86,151 voters at the time of the release of the Draft Rolls on March 27,
In the past few days, many people have come to support and witnessed the support of the farmers especially the members of the Hill Farmers Union (HFU) because Commander Shangpliang who is the builder of this The film 9-Lad has been screened on the 4th for one show. After that, 2 shows have been screened on the 5th and 6th. show all five shows.
The JSU has been following up on Ayush's behavior and has demanded that the government should immediately remove him from the state quota to study MBBS in collaboration with the village leaders of Thangskai.
To improve income generation, the Government has decided to use the Nongkhyllem Wildlife Sanctuary. The Government has decided to turn this area into a tourist destination under the management of the Meghalaya Wildlife Development Society. this is an important activity.
“The party has also submitted a petition to the CEM to inform him that this demand was also raised during the tenure of Bah CB Syiem, CEM of KHADC. There are 5 MLA constituencies but only 4 MDC constituencies.
On the other hand, the OC of Pyrursla, Bah PL Syiem in his speech, said that as it is now, there is no morality and dignity among the people. especially school children.
He said that according to the information published on these three websites, the police department will conduct the examination on November 2020 for all the vacancies within the police department of Meghalaya.
Shops registered with the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development of the State Government which are not on the list can open on these days to sell food items.
Others who attended the meeting included the Minister of State for Home Affairs, G. Kishan Reddy, Union Home Secretary, Nityanand Rai, Secretary (Border Management) and DG, BSF. 11: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has suspended the plan to close the market today due to the lockdown.
The group has also set a fee of 300 tyngka for individuals and 500 tyngka for groups.
At the same time, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the Government stands firm in its decision to relocate 342 households from Them Metor, Mawlong Market.
He was one of the leaders involved from the beginning of the clearing of Lum Sohpetbneng and the Seng appointed him as the first Secretary of the Lum Sohpetbneng Committee, Seng Khasi Kmie.
Party spokesperson Abhya Kayshyap, who is also the returning officer for the party, said that Thomas A Sangma has been elected as the National Organizing Secretary.
The four groups selected for the final competition are Da La Riti, Department of Music, St. Anthony's College, Ki Syrdeng, Na Rynsan, Tympang and Tyngkai La Ka Tynrai.
On the other hand, the Minister encouraged these youths to continue to do better in their studies with the firm determination that once they have completed their studies they will be able to improve in their jobs. and they shall be the source of the state, and so shall it be.
The union also urged the leaders from MLA and MDC to join hands with the government not to temporarily ban the trade.
She concluded her speech by encouraging the students to take Folic Acid once a month and Albendazolear once a year to reduce anemia.
In 2018, only 4000 households received electricity but now 2.5 lakh households have received electricity. each one brings benefits.
Shillong, July 19: Nine policemen of Meghalaya have been selected for the Governor Medal 2020 this year.
No.9402118693, Bynther James Marbaniang, Ph.D.
Shillong, June 04: U Bah Donald D. Ingty, Secretary, Diocese of North East India, today lodged a complaint with the police that the Management Committee of the school has found that there is an error in the census of the school. it is the school fees charged to the children.
Sordar Bah Kri Tangsong explained that the purpose of the march is to raise awareness not only to destroy the environment but also to preserve and beautify it.
Workers or supporters of one political party may not create disturbances at public meetings organized by another political party by posing oral or written questions or by distributing party leaflets that of them.
HITO said that especially during these times of covid-19, they should improve the rules and regulations of public gatherings by following the rules and regulations laid down by the state and central governments.
After a long discussion, the police, who had initially planned to release these people from Assam, have relented through the demand of the union to take them to the Polo COVID center for further investigation. COVID testing, and quarantine.
On the 16th, the President of India will meet with the people at Madan in Mawphlang near Law Kyntang. two persons from each party.
The letter of expulsion was signed by Chairman of the party's Disciplinary Committee Dr Kara H Shen and Secretary of the party's Disciplinary Committee Dr Grossper Ryntathiang. .
At this meeting, the NEHU authorities including the Pro Vice Chancellor and the Registrar of Examinations promised to provide and release the results within this month.
The troops of the 101 Area to mark the 50th anniversary of India's victory over Pakistan, will screen a film on the 1971 war at colleges and schools in three schools. Shillong, Guwahati and Jorhat in the months of June and June in Assam.
On the same day, the Chief Minister laid the foundation stone of the largest football stadium in Jaintia Hills at Wahiajer.
The Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court, Sanjib Banerjee, in the presence of the Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court, Sanjib Banerjee, on Saturday inaugurated the new office of the Meghalaya High Court.
Four persons have been brutally murdered in Umpleng village, East Jaintia Hills where their hands and feet were tied with tyllai. these are the four.
Shillong, Nailar 14: India will tomorrow celebrate its 75th Independence Day from foreign rule by awarding Correctional Service Medals to its students.
Furthermore, the union urged the government that the arrangement for the allocation of medical education should be transparent, clean, fair, without bias and should not hide the facts, but it shall be hot and cold, and shall not be ashamed of all.
Shillong, Lber 20: The Rimanar Bridge connecting Sutnga-Sumer to Saipung Block has shown signs of deterioration and instability as usual. This bridge is the road connecting Samasi, Larket, Pala, Kseh, Umkyrpong, Lakasein, Mooriap, Khahnar, Muknor, Shyrwang, Mynnin and other villages to Saipung. Headquarters of East Jaintia Hills, Khliehriat and others.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, said that the decision taken by the state government is in accordance with the directives of the central government.
“We as the village leaders have tried to release those people and we have taken them to the dorbar in the presence of the Secretary Shnong, Rangbah Dong to consider this matter.
Police of Mendipathar Police Station have arrested three robbers from Assam in connection with the robbery of money by shooting at the people in North Garo Hills District. on the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
Referring to the demand for ILP, the Minister said that this will affect the development of the state in many ways. On the other hand, the Minister of Home Affairs said that the state has started to improve in many areas under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma as Minister. chief of the state.
He received many sim cards and ATM cards and many documents from the house where he lived.
The documents seized from the GNLA camp show that the camp was used by the Commander In Chief Sohan D Shira who had escaped from the camp earlier. to reach the police.
The land for the construction of the school will be about 25,000 square feet and the cost of the school will be Rs 5 crore.
The Government has a vision for the players who have great talent and we need to work together with the youth and the sports associations to see the development of the players.
The Dorbar Shnong has requested the public not to worry about the temporary closure of tourist attractions within the boundary of the Dorbar Shnong due to the rapid spread of Corona virus. Viruses.
“As local start-ups, we find it very difficult to compete with illegal aggregators.
The Kur Kharbuki from Mawpat and Umsning on Tuesday protested against the issuance of a certificate by the Syiem of Mylliem Hima to confirm the appointment of Bah Zuberstar Kharbuki as Minister. The Office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima if the Syiem does not immediately dismiss the Minister of Bah Zuberstar Kharbuki by the 26th of this month.
Modi also praised the 60% increase in production and 90% increase in sales of Khadi and other products of small scale enterprises in the last five years in Varanasi.
The MPMC today had planned to go to the BJP office to express its protest but the District Administration authorities did not allow them because there is 144 CrPC. Joplyn Scott Shylla President of MPMC said that hundreds of Congress office bearers have come to take part in the protest. this is the CAB,
It is for this reason that they cannot refuse to go to the Chief Judicial Magistrate's Court to order the police to register the case.
The Seng is ready to welcome Bah Che if he is ready to stand in the middle for the peace talks between the Government and the HNLC. India itself will have to sit down and talk with the HNLC to understand the issues of the conflict.
Regarding the Meghalaya Labor Law (Amendment) Act 2020, the Contractors Group requests the Minister that according to the notification received from the Labor Department on 26-04-2021, the Contractors do not have to do Labor License until they have received a work order and if their work does not accommodate 50 or more employees in their jobs.
His spirit will continue to guide us as we build the new India of his dream.
Dr Mukul said that an investigation should be conducted in such a way that those involved in these crimes should not escape from the hands of the law. I don't know what to do.
These 9 shortlists are Manufacturing, Construction, Commerce, Transport, Education, Health, Accommodation and Restaurants, IT / BPO and financial related activities.
The Deputy CEM of KHADC's speech at zero hours has shocked the MDCs inside the House, and has prompted the former CEM and MDC of Jaiaw, Bah Adelbert Nongrum to say that rule does not allow EC members to speak.
Four types of Garo dances such as Ganchings, Chibok, Atongs, Chisak and others will be performed at the festival.
On the information of these four GNLA supporters, police went to Duduret under Selsella where there is a camp of the GNLA.
“From now on, the Union will not be able to listen to such injustices against the Khasi and members of the KSU and if such unfounded actions continue, the struggle will continue. against the Police Department can happen at any time.
Speaking to SP News Agency, MLA Sosthenes Sohtun confirmed that the Civil Sub Division will not be opened on Thursday by the Chief Minister.
“The media is the eyes and ears of the Election Commission and we firmly believe that it is the empowerment of the Election Commission, the bringing about of fair and orderly elections, and it is the efforts of the media. bad the Election Commission.
For the Pre-Matric Scholarship, the income of the parents should be less than T.100 lakh per annum and for the Post Matric Scholarship, the income of the parents should be less than T.2.00 lakh. money in a year.
The country gained independence under the leadership of Bapu.
The meeting was attended by Additional Deputy Commissioners, Extra Assistant Commissioners and senior officers from various government departments in West Khasi Hills.
Prime Minister Duh said India has a two-part system.
In his speech, HANM President Lamphrang Kharbani said that the central and state governments should implement the ILP to protect the minorities of the state, if the ILP is implemented in Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland. , Manipur, Mizoram why can't it be implemented in Meghalaya.
This will only apply to those people who have booked online for treatment.
At this meeting, the union also sent a petition to the Head of Civil Sub Division Pynursla regarding the problems faced by the farmers during the lockdown which has lasted for six months to prevent the spread of COVID .
Police have registered a complaint under Section 279(11)19 under Section 21(b) of the NDPS Act
Shillong, Naitung 17: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today commemorated the 182nd death anniversary of Tirot Sing Syiem, Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, at a meeting held at Madan Iewrynghep, Laitumkhrah. which has the glory of the hero of the nation.
Other requirements are to submit documents that they are residents, to obtain the approval of the Sordar Shnong, photographs, documents to prove that they are residents from the office of the Deputy Commissioner. , or from the office of the SDO of Sohra Civil Sub Division.
Police have advised the public to be vigilant when leaving their banks especially to withdraw money.
Two speakers including HH Mohrmen from SURE and Pius Rani from NESFAS spoke on the occasion. Mohrmen reminded the youth that government jobs are scarce and the state cannot allow factories that can employ educated youth. youth is only by turning to agriculture.
Where are the Trading Licenses of thousands of Non-Tribal shops in Jaintia Hills? The shortage of non-tribal shops without trading license shows that the JHADC has not been able to implement the Trading by Non-Tribal Regulation (Act), 2011,” said Bah Reachingson. Siangshai, Vice President of AJYWO Central Body.
Shillong, July 28: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War today said that five new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills District. the state has 90 members.
It is to be recalled that this cold shock happened in Ranikor area including Balat, Phodkroh and other surrounding areas on the morning of the 2nd of this month while the people were sleeping.
The teachers have been relocated from the area to near the office of the Meghalaya Board of School Education. They have demanded that the government should re-employ them.
Gavin Miguel Pariat Mylliem of 28-Sohra and Bah Bah.
Aizawl FC scored two goals and cleared the defense to ensure that Shillong Lajong FC didn't score. They gave Shillong Lajong FC a chance but didn't score. to score in the first half.
The government should now implement the decision of the HLC and after that they will see whether to appeal to the High Court or the Supreme Court.
At the same time, through this new policy, the aim is to make tourism sustainable and sustainable. Tourism will be one of the keys to improving the income of the people.
They’ve empowered over 500,000 young individuals, trained 400,000 teachers, and created 6,000 job opportunities for the youth.
Speaking at the meeting, one of the mothers, Purobi Barua, said that the central government's action is to divide the people of North East by granting ILP to Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland and Manipur. , Nagaland and Mizoram, while Meghalaya, Tripura and Assam did not receive.
Shillong, July 08: U Tura MP Conrad K Sangma today met with the Chief Minister of Assam Sarbananda Sonowal and Hemanta Biswa, one of the Ministers of the Assam Government. .
“NESO and KSU have appealed to the Supreme Court against the CAA and it is still pending before the Court. country.
Arupjyoti Gogoi from Assam, who is under 20 years old, won the gold medal in the 100 m and 200 m events and Niansai T from Nagaland won the gold medal. She won the silver medal in the 800 m and 1500 m events.
Referring to the mid-term MDC elections, Dr Donkupar said he has already spoken to HDR Lyngdoh, Minister of District Council Affairs and the government will hold elections in nine constituencies. constituency in Nailar or Nailur this year when the sky is clear.
When one district is famous for its sma ubih, another for its saris, another for its production of good knives while another district is famous for its fruits.
Jowai, Naiwieng 24: The KSU Narpuh Circle is surprised that the government has not taken any action against those who quarry stone from the Lukha River in Borsara and Kuliang villages. The DCs of various Districts have already announced publicly on this issue.
“It is difficult because the laws of the Central Government, the laws of the State Government are what we have to consider before taking a decision on this and the work is ongoing and we will continue to monitor,” he said. .
The Mawlai By-pass has been increasingly surprised by the collapse of the Mawlai By-pass.
Although the Meghalaya government has admitted that it has implemented the MHIS in the state today, it is clear that this scheme is a scheme of the central government known as the RSBY scheme. The price is 30 tyngka for those who register their households to get this benefit.
According to this order, there will be a ban on the opening of shops and also on the construction of houses and roads in public places within Pyndengumiong.
According to a statement sent by the government through the PIB, the number of school graduates is now about 30 lakh from the previous 80 lakh during the implementation of the scheme.
Shillong, July 16 : Heavy rain and strong winds in the past nine days have killed one man in Ribhoi District and 186 houses have been destroyed. damage.
The meeting was held at Mairang Civil Sub Division in the presence of NERCoRMP, Sordar Shnong, SDO of Mairang Civil Sub Division, FM Lakiang, U Chief of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'im Phrestar Syiemlieh and Project Manager of NERCoRMP, Bah J Kharkongor.
Shillong, Nailur 15: Teachers who were dismissed in 2014 due to allegations of corruption, have alleged that the government has been biased by re-appointing half of them and dismissing half of them. They urged the government to re-employ them, otherwise they will not be able to protest.
He also expressed his satisfaction to learn about the achievements of the NCC youth in many areas and paid tribute to the NCC teams from Meghalaya who took part in this march. .
Such schemes have been covered up by some robbers who have defamed the good deeds of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi,” said Marak.
Therefore, the investigation into the incident is ongoing," he said.
This training is only for children aged 5 years and under 18 years.
On the other hand, the Seng congratulates these groups (Umjer) and urges the people of the country to remember them and support them by voting for them so that they can to reach the goal of success.
This increases to 88% if we look only at workplaces with less than 10 employees.
Shillong, July 09: U Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw General Secretary of the Harijan Panchayat (HNLC) in a statement today said that the Harijan Panchayat (HNLC) municipal and the government is a mistake, because this issue has been left unresolved for about 30 years.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: On behalf of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) and COMSO, we would like to clarify that the group has not yet taken part in any riots or vehicle burglaries and protests that affect the peace and order. in the State as a whole.
This decision was taken at a meeting held on 7th June 2014, in a rural village, about 1950 km from Shillong, and located in the hilly areas about 140 km from Visakhapatnam District. Shri KP Dora, National Convenor, Adivasi Aikya Veedika, (Association of Adivasis of the country) was present at the ceremony. India), Shri.S VyekuntaRao, District Convenor, Srikakulam District, K VenkateshwarluDova, District Convenor, East Godavari Dist, Shri.V Rambabu, Shri.Kosuri Sana Raju, Shri.Gonela Venkata Laxmi, Shri.Amal,Salapureddy of East  Godavari Dist,  Shri.Padla Tammayya, District Convenor, Vizayanakavan, Shri.K Krishna Rao, Convenor, Visakhapatnam Dist, and N Madhusudhan,  Director, Secretariat, Adivasi Aikya Veedika, Hyderabad.
Consultations in the States through State Focus Groups and State Steering Committees to talk to those involved in this work such as parents, Anganwadi workers, teachers, teacher trainers.
The AICC presidential election will be held on the 24th of this month. Meghalaya does not have the voters of the Congress Legislative Party who are excluded from the number of MLAs. Shillong, March 10: The contract workers of MeECL under the banner of MeECL Progressive Workers Union (MPWU) today launched a 10 hour strike until Tuesday to protest against the demand that MeECL should recognize long-time employees as full time employees.
If the EC no longer has a majority, the new EC will release the budget.
nic.
Those who send students or employees home will be punished.
Inside Lawsohtun Block-II, the house of Berina Shabong in Lumpdeng has been declared a Micro Containment Area.
The Cabinet also approved the recognition of 9 employees of GSWSS as government employees who have been dismissed under the agreement between the Hima Mawphlang and the government in the construction of the Mawphlang Dam. to supply water to the city of Shillong.
Regarding the recruitment of outsourcing agencies within NEIGRIHMS, Bah Synrem said, “The outsourcing agencies and the employees working within the agencies should be from Meghalaya,” he said. that the Director has accepted this request.
The children were between the ages of 9 and 15 years.
The Prime Minister congratulated them for their cooperation with the government and requested them to respect the family. there is work, there is work to be careful and you should respect your family.
During the meeting, it was also informed that after the Cabinet has approved the bill, it will be submitted to the Legislative Assembly for approval.
On the other hand, the new Governor promised to spend his time for the development of the state.
The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, today visited Meghalaya to seek the support of the people of the BJP party in Meghalaya. The Central Government has come to seek the support of the people.
Referring to Bah LG Nongsiej and Bah Morningstar Mawsor, he said that these two MDCs have left of their own free will to support the EC of the Congress party. Replying to a question on the HSPDP's support for the EC led by Bah PN Syiem in KHADC which is a PDF group, Bah Sohtun said that The party's support for the PDF is “To prevent the enemy of the people from becoming CEM”.
Nongkynrih said that at about 1:00 pm to 2:00 pm, some residents of the village received information about the incident.
“We cannot reach the target of $10 billion set by the Government if our farmers continue to decline,” said Bah Shangpliang.
“We don't want Jaintia Hills to become a heaven of foreign employment opportunities just because of the non-full implementation of the laws by the JHADC to curb foreign employment opportunities here,” he said. said Bah MH Dkhar, President of AJYWO Central Body.
He said that the UDP Youth Wing has decided to hold more such games in order to encourage the youth to get rid of drugs.
Police said they are investigating to find out why the husband touched his wife until she was injured in the morning.
Police have arrested Jha on charges that he sold PhD certificates to students across India.
As the leader in the Top Performing State Award, Meghalaya has been named the Focus State at the World Food India 2023 to be held in New Delhi in November
The MUDRA scheme, which provides cash assistance, has more than 70% beneficiaries who are women.
Bah Gavin M Mylliem expressed his special thanks to the Dorbar Shnong for organizing this program to encourage the students.
Assam Chief Minister Shri Himanta Sarma's statement in the Assam Assembly that the people of Meghalaya have crossed the border into Assam is wrong. Assam because many of the new officers do not know the history of the Khasi Hills and especially the Khasi States.
Mawthoh also informed that the children who will compete in the Under-!5 category must be born on or before the 1st July 2010, while the children who will compete in the Under-! 17 males and females must be born on or before 1st July
In the last MLA election, Vincent H. Pala was defeated by Santa Mary Shylla, the NPP candidate. lose to a woman and as the saying goes now, a woman can win and he can lose again.
Referring to the suggestion of Bah RV Lyngdoh to release the EIA, 2020 from the District Council areas to talk to the state government and the state government to the central government on this, Macdalyn said. that the EC will write a letter and to continue to do whatever is necessary.
He said that many of the officers of the education department have not been able to give a clear answer to the questions asked by the PAC members, but they have promised that the education department will give a clear answer. I'm going to paint this thing.
Speaking on the Government's efforts to open up opportunities in the region, Chauhan pointed to the growth in Meghalaya in the last six years.
At present, development works in the villages have gone through the VECs and in many cases the VECs have been in conflict with the village authorities. In the letter sent to the CEM of KHADC and opposition leaders, the KSU also mentioned the Village Level Development Plant. Unfortunately, the words “Gram Panchayat” and “Gram Sabha” have been written and used in this, which may have replaced the word “Dorbar Shnong”.
He said that the people should not worry as petrol is sufficient for the entire state.
Shillong, July 03: The Good Shepherd Higher Secondary School, Jongksha recently held a special program for the parents of the students as part of the 'Parents' Day Celebration bring about a closer relationship and better cooperation between the school authorities and the parents of the students.
These committees could also disappear if the Mukul Sangma government fails.
Ten Rynong medals were won by the runners from East Khasi Hills District and three Silver medals from South West Khasi Hills District.
What we need as a nation is that we should have a goal that we cannot govern ourselves by being in various positions that we can build and help to develop our nation.
He congratulated the Government of Meghalaya for announcing the Meghalaya Sports Policy on 12 December 2019, in which the promises in the Sports Policy on 12 Dec 2019 are encouraging to all the youth and especially to the parents. Now there is a way to get jobs if our youth win medals in the National, Commonwealth, Asian, World Championships and especially in the Olympics.
He said that the most important thing is the spirit of cooperation which comes first and more importantly to fulfill the aspirations of many churches.
The appointment of them will be from the date of their appointment and they have been placed in Category-A. This is according to a statement issued by the Under Secretary of the The State Government has a Planning Department.
The results of the public test conducted on the 28th were released on Saturday. Out of the 80 people who tested positive, 25 were found positive. Three of them are children under 15 years old and three of them have other illnesses.
There are many cases of disappointment and discouragement for those who used to work for the benefit of the society for these reasons. apple bun.
We must remember that the Khasi States did not sign the Instrument of Merger as signed by more than 500 Himas who declared themselves to form one Nation.
This scheme has provided support to more than 20 crore children and especially to the minorities.
In 2008, the MZP Central Body and the Young Mizo Association (YMA) Shillong had reached an agreement with the MZP Central Body on the attack on the Khasi people in Vairangte. and they gave tympew to other nations.
The college authorities have taken the footage from the CCTV camera and summoned him to appear before the teacher, Bah Jeffreyson Wahlang. he followed the instructions of the MCTA, after which he received a letter of dismissal.
After these, other organizations and private individuals expressed their condolences and respect by bowing down and laying flowers at the statue of Kiang Nangbah.
Improve the sanitation and proper use of water.
The BSF troops on receiving a tip that some people were carrying song and crossing the Bangladesh border, conducted a search operation. They were arrested by the BSF at Barmanbari in East Khasi Hills District.
The HNLC since 2004 has expressed that it is ready to talk peace but so far it has not worked. listen to the offer, it is too late to offer peace talks.
He said that at present he cannot say anything because he cannot even enter.
He appealed to them to work hard in their sports so that they can bring medals and glory to the state.
Currently, road projects for about 125 villages have started and foundation stones have been laid for tourism-related projects in 150 villages.
The NIOS has also directed all those who have registered to fill in the form in accordance with the instructions of the office before sending the form and pay the fee, once sent. it can no longer be corrected if there is an error.
“I can say that I have never received this money and I have never received any assistance scheme from this MDC or from the JHADC office,” he said.
President Jerald Warjri, Organizing Secretary Halast L Mawnai and other members of the Executive Committee.
The Director General of Police, Meghalaya, has worked hard to fight against the drug trafficking in Meghalaya and the arrest of drug traffickers is almost every day.
Out of the 200 students who have complained about the increase in the marks of the students, NEHU has so far been able to provide information to only 50 students and out of these, 30 students have been found to have been misled by NEHU. how to increase marks.
He praised Meghalaya and said that Meghalaya will receive a special award.
He said that at present they cannot say why.
He said that the central government has allocated a lot of money for the improvement and expansion of universities in the country. that in his opinion it is that the universities in India do not have that improvement.
The Seng prays that God will be with them from the time they leave their homes until they return safely and we also wish these youths of the village to fight well in this field. The Lympung and to win the victory so that they can bring honor to their family, the village and the State as a whole.
ENT Specialist, Shillong Civil Hospital, Shri SK Seal, State Program Officer, State Resource Center and many others were present.
The Government has not banned the closure, but there will be a closure in some of these places to close the dam if necessary, because the closure of the dam affects the income of the people. Please walk together with vigilance as this COVID-19 pandemic will continue.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangmauba, who attended the Convocation along with the Union Minister, urged the students to look for new opportunities and to be brave to take these opportunities. with consciousness so that they may reach higher levels.
As announced by the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi in his Independence Day speech, the States have implemented the JJM which aims to provide water to all households through water pipes. (FHTCs) before
Governor Tathagata Roy has said that Kashmir's goods should not be bought in the event of a bomb blast in the North East. In fact, the Prime Minister of the country should have removed him from the post of Governor.
The Women's World Cup will be held in India in 2020. A total of 51 athletes have been selected from across India.
The Youth President of the Congress, Dipu Koch, who has joined the NPP, was also welcomed at the rally.
Police of East Jaintia Hills District on Saturday recovered the bodies of four people who were killed by the enemy and their bodies were found behind the market in the village. Drinks.
The payment of the DA and RA to the employees of the Central Government will affect the budget of the Central Government up to T.11074.80 crore per annum and for this fiscal year it will be up to T. 12920.60 crore, according to a statement issued by the Union Press Office.
In the K1 women’s category, Elizabeth Vincent from Meghalaya secured 3rd place.
Shillong, March 17: Police in East Jaintia Hills District have seized a Sumo (ML04A-5229) from Byndihati village while it was coming from Digorkhal village to Ladrymbai.
On the other hand, the FKJGP Mawsynram Circle gives its full support to the FKJGP Mawsynram Circle because it is the only strong and functioning FKJGP in the area. The people who meet the works are the ones who understand.
Minister of Cooperation.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh said that as a leader in a small position as an MDC, he has tried to provide the most accurate and clean service to the people. He said that as the people have empowered him as the leader, he will fulfill all the schemes without discrimination for the benefit of the constituency as a whole. “I am the servant of you the people & the people of Mawkynrew constituency are the masters” he said, adding that he does not want to put turoi himself but let the works speak. more than the word.
The deterioration of these roads has caused a lot of trouble to the people and at the same time they pose a risk of something tragic happening.
No casualties were reported in the incident.
“With regard to elementary education, the textbooks we use now are not the same and therefore to bring about the same relationship in education at the National Level, we have to change the textbooks and the The change in textbooks will also reduce the number of textbooks used in various classes,” said Sangma.
The meeting was held to teach the people how to strive to stand on their own feet in their jobs. The meeting also explained the various schemes of the government. for the people to do.
Therefore, the Seng has decided to follow up on this matter and at the same time demands from the Department to immediately clarify with clear answers to the Office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and the Durbar otherwise “We will hold a public meeting on this issue and we will take a decision together with the people of the Hima,” said Bah Midnight president of the party.
Answering a question regarding the Laitlyngkot market, he said that the allocation for the Liatlyngkot market is T.25 lakh, Byrnihat market T.30 lakh and Mawryngkeng T.30 lakh. 70 lakh rupees.
There are three groups of winners and the first team will receive a cash prize of 30,000 tyngka, the second team will receive a cash prize of 20,000 tyngka and the third team will receive a cash prize of 10,000 tyngka. that medal.
I wish all the players the best of luck.
On the other hand, the Seng urged the Government to provide all the necessary facilities to the college so that it can provide adequate services to the students of the college.
The power plant will be the second in the world and the first in Asia.
A team of Block officers left for a thorough investigation.
On the appointment letter she received, she went to work and completed her duties according to the peon's order. to another karma, but what surprised her was that she was employed in the quarter of the Director.
Recently on 03.08.2017, GHSMC met with Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Home Minister Rajnath Singh and President Ram Nath Kovind. We tell you that you are wrong if you dare to cross the border into South West Khasi Hills District, to other districts of Khasi Hills and if you follow the Proposed Garoland of 2006 the ANVC and KSU will not accept it. .
Referring to the SSA teachers who have not received their salaries for five months, the government has immediately met with the central government officials and through talks has been able to get their remaining salaries. three months amounting to T.135 crore, the remaining arear amounting to nine months and the cost will be T.86 crore.
However, they have decided to work together to curb the trafficking of martuh.
The Prime Minister said that something sad to say when helping the farmers is accused of being an election scheme is sad, the government is helping the farmers in fact it should have been done for a long time.
She urges us to take a new change to understand and strengthen from ourselves that the external thinking force should not be based on the Khasi way of thinking from the Kulong Kumah, to the small force as a party. It has faced the government in the midst of human shortcomings, when they speak on issues it is to save the entire nation.
Shillong, November 13: The Khasi Jaintia National Union (KJNU) will give its full support to the Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association (JHTOA) on the grounds of protesting against the dewbilat factories in Jaintia Hills.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) will soon take a decision on the support of Nongkrem MDC Lambor Malngiang to the NPP Executive Committee. District Council (KHADC).
Shillong, Naiwieng 09: Police of Sordar Police Station on receiving a tip that some drug traffickers were about to arrive in Shillong, ANTF police have arrested Lobkush Mohara and seized him. 5.93 hram of heroin from the car you are riding.
The demand of the residents is that the residents are now facing many difficulties in getting the Birth Certificate for their children because the doctor of UCIL has not been authorized to issue the Birth Certificate.
Heads of government departments have been directed to ensure that the health of government employees working at the Secretariat and also in various government departments of the Meghalaya government is maintained.
KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit President Ohibait Dkhar
The fact is that the word Skul is not used equally.
That is like when members of the opposition speak in support of the government or when the government speaks in support of the opposition.
Jowai, Lber 16: Bad wealth is a help to us and the country as a whole if we don't misuse it.
Detailed information on driving licenses rejected by the licensing authorities will be collected and posted on the website and these details should be displayed on the website from time to time.
Currently, the Secretaries of National Sports Federations, Secretaries of State Associations, and Deans or Sports Officers of Universities (for inter-University tournaments), among others, have the authority to award such as these certificates.
Shillong, November 19: Workers of the Public Health Engineering (PHE) under the umbrella of the Mawphlang PHE Workers Union today came forward to express their grievances against the government's inability to release the their salaries which have been pending since April.
The union has questioned how much the loss of the sharak distributors, the difficulty of the people to take sharak, the difficulty of the village leaders to explain to the people in the villages.
The Viksit Bharat SankalpYatra is a nationwide initiative to inform and empower the people of the country about the major schemes of the Government and the Yatra is currently being implemented in four districts of Meghalaya in the first part of this campaign.
However, the business was able to weather these challenges without any repercussions.
He said he wants to develop the villages together in all aspects.
On the other hand, the union said that such actions are just a ploy of the school principals to recruit and admit foreigners who are not from the Khasi community.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mawlai Circle on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Principal of Sacred Hearts Boys Higher Secondary School, Mawlai, Fr T.Kharsyntiew. Mawlai in the sweaters of the students of Sacred Heart Boy's Higher Secondary School.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, who is also the MLA of the area, congratulated the members of the Managing Committee of the school especially the Head Master. He said that there are many other things that need to be done as part of the development of the school. schools and for that it requires the cooperation of all teachers, parents and government agencies, he said.
The Seng also wishes Kong Paliar a healthy recovery.
Referring to the shortage of doctors in the Department of Anesthesiology, he said that the construction of post doctors at various levels has been completed for more than 40 years and since then the number of patients has increased. In addition to the emergence of new surgical specialties in recent years, the number of doctors has remained unchanged.
As a special initiative, this year, the Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO) will hold the 'Yoga for Space' campaign to mark the International Day of Yoga
During the meeting, under the chairmanship of the Chief Minister, they discussed thoroughly and in this discussion they could not take a decision to open the Iewduh and the Police Bazar, as it is still pending. However, as this is the time of jhur, the government has decided to turn the parking lot into Iewdilang. The first and second floors of the parking lot will be allowed to hold a jhur market at Mawlong Hat.
More than 1,000 party supporters came to support the Chief Minister as the party candidate and at this meeting, the people were requested to support the NPP party. in the election to be held on 27/2/2
Among them, one of them is a Khasi identified as Fallon Forman from Harai village under Umkiang. There are many ways and means to talk through understanding regarding the incidents on the border, such as these incidents between the two countries, said the BSF. The same thing happens but can be resolved by understanding.
There are 182 recoveries today, the highest number of recoveries from East Khasi Hills 96, West Khasi Hills 46. The total number of recoveries has risen to to 79724 people.
Even the world recognizes that indigenous peoples need laws to protect them as enshrined in the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples.
These new Mawthmu have been signed between India and Bangladesh in Meghalaya from Lyngdkhot to Jaliakhola. There will be no more incidents and this will make it easier for the BSF on the border.
Shillong, Naiwieng 07: The Hill Farmers Union (HFU) recently held a public meeting and took decisions for the benefit of the farmers especially to demand the declaration of 2020 as the Year of Farmers. to hold the first public meeting on 24th October, 2020 in Shillong.
Others are Lyngkhat, BSC, RCSC, Dawki and Lamin.
He said the scheme of T.133 crore was sent by the Government of India so no MDC can misuse the money which should go to the people.
After about nine days, Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, President of the VPP and MLA of Nongkrem Constituency, has been on hunger strike to demand the renewal of the reservation policy. On the 8th day of his strike, the government sent a letter to the party to call for talks on the issues demanded by the party.
This was announced by the Union Minister in charge of Jal Shakti, Gajendra Singh Shekhawatha, Guwahati today in an interview with the media.
The arrested suspect was identified as B.Lallianzama, 36 years old. Police also seized a mobile phone from a Maruti ML 05 P PS No 19(6) 2024 U/S 22(C)29 NDPS Act.
It will benefit the people of Lower Assam and the areas bordering the Barak Valley.
To release this issue, the Congress workers said that the only person who can be accepted by all parties is Salseng CH Marak and that they saw during his tenure as the Chief Minister of the state. From 1993-1998, although it was a coalition government, he has made history in the state by being the only one who has been able to serve for five years in the post of Chief Minister.
On the other hand, the sellers said that they used to buy shallans from the Treasury but they have not received shallans for a month.
In this confirmation ceremony, these office bearers of KHNAM said that they will work hard for the MLA Election in 2018 to bring victory to the party candidate from this 17North Shillong Constituency. .
When asked about the number of prisoners in Shillong District Jail, Bah Shangpliang said that the number of prisoners in Shillong District Jail is 170 including 135 men, 15 women and There are 20 men in high security.
Now, after verification, if a person is found to be vaccinated, before being vaccinated against COVID vaccine, the vaccine provider or verifier will ask for this 4 digit code and fill this under the CoWIN field to verify this person’s medication receipt status.
“The Police Department must do its duty and if you don't pay attention there is still another way I am preparing to move forward," he said.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club , Rev Gadew said that the first problem faced by the school was in 1887 , when many of the families did not want to send their daughters to school , One of the problems is the thought that if you send students to this school run by the church that maybe they will become Christians. , not only from Meghalaya but also from Arunachal Pradesh , Nagaland , Mizoram , Sikkim and parts of Dargelling , and now the school will soon celebrate its 125th anniversary this month July of this year.
The Director said that 59 people have recovered from the disease today, 29 from East Khasi Hills, 8 from West Jaintia Hills, 7 from East Garo Hills, 5 from South Garo Hills and 5 from West Garo Hills. There are 10,451 recoveries in East Jaintia Hills, 1 in North Garo Hills and 1 in South West Garo Hills.
The meeting was organized in collaboration with the Nongkrem Youth Development Association (NYDA) and the Society for Promotion of Indigenous Knowledge and Practice (SPIKAP).
According to Bah Mawphniang, the PHE authorities have promised to release the money before Christmas but the casual workers have not yet received their salaries for the months of April and May.
The Chief Minister said that Meghalaya has been able to implement the MGREGS scheme properly and this has increased to T.1600 crore, while Nagaland and Manipur have been able to implement only T.1600 crore. Rs 600 to Rs 700 crore.
“What good is it to resolve the border issue after a tragic incident, and we urge the CEM to resolve this issue immediately, as it affects the people who go to work every day,” he said. Mr. Ramsey.
The letter was received by the MMECC office and signed by the Under Secretary on 6th June 2017, but it is surprising that until today the government has not authorized the The DFO has requested the release of the Shallans for the purpose of carrying away the remaining oil from the houses of the people.
Speaking on the occasion, Additional Director General of Police (CID) SK Jain said that the police have now had to take other measures to fight against the insurgents. They too have to change their strategy to fight against the insurgents.
At this public meeting, he said that as the CEM within the KHADC, they have stood against the government's announcement regarding the post of Rangbah Shnong.
Dr. Mercy Shylla, Chairman of the Governing Board of Rev. SS Majaw Hospital, Sr.
Shillong, November 10: The North East Student Organization (NESO) today called for a curfew in the North East to protest against the central government's decision to impose a curfew. The Citizenship Amendment Bill, 2019 has been passed by the Lok Sabha.
The Japanese officials agreed to meet with various groups from both sides to discuss these issues to strengthen closer cooperation between Japan and Meghalaya India.
The crowd bapli can see.
Meghalaya has reported 146 deaths since the outbreak of the coronavirus (COVID-19).
Bah KP Pangniang, one of the residents of the area, said that nearly 1,000 people from Meghalaya and Assam have come out to express their opposition to the construction of the dam. The meeting was attended by 25 villages from all the villages affected by the dam.
The construction of the dorbar hall will be in two phases, the first phase will be for the dorbar hall only and the cost for this building has been allocated about T.95 crore. This house shall be the House of Representatives, the office of the Speaker, Deputy Speaker, Leader of the Opposition, the Prime Minister, the Karma of Ministers, the Chamber of the Opposition and the Ruling Party.
In this regard, the President of the party, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, said that on receiving information about this, he telephoned the DC of West Khasi Hills District and asked why the members of the party are being arrested. on the 5th they were negotiated and no more arrests were made.
ATS, Maharashtra has announced a reward of T.10 lakh for anyone who can provide detailed information leading to the arrest of these people involved in this crime.
The Engagement Groups, of which Youth 20 or Y20 is part, bring together community groups, MPs, think tanks, women, youth, entrepreneurs, businesses and researchers. to the G20.
“This is not my accusation, but these writings of Congress leaders from Assam and Punjab have been written in the newspapers,” he said.
He said that during his tenure as Chief Minister, they have prepared documents to claim land from Assam and these documents are to confirm their claim by dulir. Even now, it should be according to the documents that the government has already submitted to the Assam government.
Shillong, Lber 12: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today passed the Hima Khyrim Syiemship Bill on the election of the Syiem, Syiem Khynnah, Chiefs, Sordars and Rangbah. The Deputy CEM to Pynshngian N Syiem in charge of the Elaka Department.
“The experience of Meghalaya shows that there is a difference in the access to water supply among households across different districts of the state.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: The Khasi Jaintia Butchers Association (KJBWA) has decided to suspend the purchase of beef from Khanapara Market, Ri Bhoi District from Tuesday. The Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department together with the Hima Mylliem and KHADC will conduct regular check ups and installation of ear tags on the cows.
Guwahati, Lber 30: Journalists and non-journalists in office today staged a protest outside the Guwahati Press Club to protest against the ban on the publication of Sangbad Lahari newspaper. it was the first Bengoli newspaper from Shillong and was also published in Guwahati.
She also explained to the public how to identify those who have this disease, how to discuss with those who are suffering from this disease and how to prevent this disease with the cooperation of all sectors of society. .
The total number of cases in the state is 1 in East Garo Hills, 3 in East Jaintia Hills, 44 in East Khasi Hills, 1 in North Garo Hills, 4 in Ri Bhoi and 7 in West Garo Hills. after.
but on the part of Bah Jotin he still says this.
The Chief Minister said that Rs 100,000 will be provided from the Chief Minister's Special Development Fund (CMSDF) as an emergency assistance for the school. it will go on as usual.
Shillong, July 21: After Sohryngkham Village under Mawryngkneng C&RD Block has donated 30 acres of land to the Sports Department of the State Government for the construction of the National Game Studio in 2022, the government has donated 30 acres of land to the Sports Department. it has not yet begun to operate.
Out of these three days, two days were allocated for government business and one day was allocated for the opposition.
This scheme is known as the Nutrition Security Programme.
Shillong, July 04: In this age of mankind, human knowledge has reached its climax.
Wahiajer from Thadlaskein Block and Shangpung Mission from Laskein Block have been announced as the winners of the competition. The amount of money is T.100.000 lakh.
Besides, the Karbi were also witnessed armed with Khnam and Ryntieh.
In a statement issued by its member Samla Shaniah Shkem Dkhar, the Seng expressed its deep sorrow over the incident at the home of Dipherson Langwar, 50 years old.
“The Prime Minister expressed the government's steps to repeal the laws from the time of the authorities and introduce new laws like Bhartiya NagrikSurakshaSamhita, BhartiyaNyayaSamhita and BhartiyaSakshyaAdhiniyam.
“As an independent body and as an environmental NGO, we cannot accept this.
“We want the report of the investigation to be handed over to the Central Agencies of the Central Government who have nothing to do with either the CBI or the NIA,” said Forum Secretary Thomas Passah. the media.
The number of recoveries today is 220, 135 from East Khasi Hills, 64 from West Garo Hills, 8 from Ri Bhoi, 5 from East Garo Hills, 2 from North Garo Hills. The total number of recoveries is
As a nation that has faced many challenges and persecutions, but what as the leader of the party he wants to say to the youth who are living in these days to respond to the country and the nation as a whole, is in each of you who will try to rebuild who will try to come forward for the best for the sake of the strength of the future generation the nation in the midst of trouble.
After the meeting, the KSU Vairangte Circle went to Khasi Veng, Vairengte on the border of Assam and Mizoram to renew the office bearers of the KSU Vairangte Circle.
There are 233 recoveries from all districts of the state. The highest number of recoveries is from East Khasi Hills (94), West Garo Hills (53), Ri Bhoi (17) and South West. Garo Hills 13, West Jaintia Hills 13 people.
In this way, those workers who work in small and medium-sized enterprises are facing many problems now because of the mining and exploitation of this mineral resources. of the State Government which have been implemented from time to time.
He said the party will soon meet with the district authorities to discuss the issue to avoid any tragic incident.
During the discussion, many of the states/union territories that are still allowed to complete all the works by the end of November, in which three states including Arunachal Pradesh Pradesh, Meghalaya and West Bengal have announced that they will start the project by November
Police have not been able to say whether the vehicle was seized or not as the investigation is ongoing and the search for the vehicle and the driver is ongoing.
With his appointment, he became the first mountaineer from North East India to reach this rank.
At this meeting, the leaders of the Naga Elders Group demanded that the government should send an inquiry into the murder of a nurse working at Nazareth Hospital Shillong by unknown persons. there is no more knowledge.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: U Bah Obil Kyndait, Chairman of the JHADC, who recently left the Congress party, has decided not to contest as an independent candidate in the MLA election. which will be held in 2013.
We have decided today to hand over to the Office of the Syiem of Mylliem to register all the foreign and local Daju who work in Iewduh and we will also provide them with Uniforms and Badges.
The Madan Garrison falls under the jurisdiction of the army and the army is still maintaining the square where Indira Gandhi stood to proclaim the state of Meghalaya.
He added that the government plans to open an IIT as an institute in Guwahati for food research.
In this regard, Albinus urged that in the MDA government which the party supports, there are two ministers, Banteidor Lyngdoh and Hamletson Dohling. The MLAs of the party because there is no time to appoint ministers.
The JNURM scheme is funded by the Central Government with the Central Government contributing 90% of the cost and the State Government contributing 10% of the cost of the GSWS-III. Shillong, Nailur. 14: The result of the COVID-19 test of the Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, has been received this evening and the result is negative.
If you have any serious illness, please send your patient to Tura Civil Hospital Tura as there are ventilators.
The purpose of the training was to explain to the journalists how the Assembly works and what the role of the leaders is inside the House.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The CLP leader Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh today sent a letter to the Chief Minister Cornad K Sangma to support the government. Meghalaya Democratic Alliance.
Meanwhile, 16 members of the party were arrested and 14 members came to surrender. Four firearms were also seized.
Those present at the meeting were the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, the Deputy Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, Sniawbhalang Dhar, MLAs Rupert G Momin and Charles. Pyngrope, Lahkmen Rymbui, Banteidor Lyngdoh and officers.
“We understand that the Government is helping and turning to the farmers but we need leaders to bring about assistance,” he said.
The meeting discussed how to attract investors for the construction of power plants.
Shillong, November 06: The Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Laitiplang Kharkongor, on Tuesday said that the office has received information that some village authorities have taken too much land in the villages. thaw.
"It was the first researcher to receive a degree to establish his organization on Psycho-Analysis," said Prof. Streamlet.
On the other hand, the officials of the PWD department of the state government have seen that this road can be completed on time as the time is still left and if it is delayed, the loss will go to the company.
In Ri Bhoi, the party has won two MDC seats. The Congress party congratulates all the people who have given their support to the party in this MDC election.
The focus of this program is to remind the public about the benefits of daily practice of Yoga.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today presented the budget for the year 2024-2025 with a budget of less than T.2,029 crore which is 3.83% of the revenue of the country. In this budget, the Chief Minister said that the government has allocated T.27,072/- crore for the fiscal year 2024-2 The total revenue of the state will be T.23,545/- crore.
Shillong, Nailur 21: U Samiran Datta, Headmaster of FIITJEE ESchool, today announced that a training center has been opened at Laitumkhrah Shillong today. and the school fee shall be T.75 thousand per annum.
Shillong, Lber 04: U Wanshwa Nongtdu District President of Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday congratulated the Minister in charge of Rural Development, Abu Taher Mandal and the government for listening to the request of the HSPDP party to implement the project. the Community and Rural Development Block Lumshnong.
Not only that, we also demand that the government should take a decision to build approach roads to dozens of villages in the area which have not yet been cleared of vehicles.
The Prime Minister can delegate this post only to fellow Cabinet Ministers and cannot delegate it to non-Cabinet Ministers. this would be a change in government.
He served as Dean of Studies at Minor Seminary Upper Shillong in 1994 and 1995 and after that he was appointed as Assistant Parish Priest of Annunciation Church, Namdong from 1995 to
These two Umshyngiar wells in Mawlai Pgudmawri village are located in the government forest to the east of the village, one in the room and one above the same government forest. use for cleaning and drinking.
Although they were unable to hold their protest inside the MHC grounds, they had the opportunity to express their protest by holding this protest near Raj Bhavan. .
The Food Inspector of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, said that she will give a reply to the KSU within a day whether the umphniang is true or not. I didn't have to go to Guwahati for the test.
A systematic ranking according to sports achievements should follow to understand who to choose first.
Bah Best Marwein, the owner of the farm, explained that they want the seeds to be planted in the South West Khasi Hills.
Various ruling unions, religious groups and faiths have all done their part to fight for the country and the nation for the freedom and peace of our beloved Khasi Hills.
Meanwhile, Bah Latiplang Kharkongkor was supported by the United Democratic Forum (UDF) which includes the Congress, independent members and MDCs from the NPP and PDF. The Secretary of the Legislative Department of KHADC has announced that all the nomination papers are complete and these two candidates will be the candidates for the MDC election. shai is the day.
Many other dignitaries such as Dr Mahesh Sharma, Secretary General of Sharda University and MP, Dr. Ravi P. Singh were also present.
As an Indian Air Force officer, he has demonstrated his skills and has held many positions before being promoted to this rank and has received many awards in this career. from 1979 to the present.
On the other hand, the FKS after receiving this explanation on 26/09/2019, congratulated the explanation received from Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Working President, United Democratic Party, and through this The letter of the Federation of Khasi States has requested that there should be a meeting and discussion in which all the employers, MLAs, MDCs, FKS and Chief Executive Members should be present at the table to discuss. only on this heavy work.
Shillong, July 11: The campaign for the most votes in Meghalaya has started today following the announcement by the Election Commission of India on Thursday.
The ICCC will be the brain behind the management of urban areas, as it will be the monitoring, collection of data, emergency notification, said Dr. Vijaj Kumar, Executive Director Shillong Smart City Project. at today’s news release.
HSPDP President KP Pangniang said that the RDA has not been able to meet in the past few months for unavoidable reasons but now it has been able to meet and implement such activities as the RDA. RDA has to.
He said the UDP is a group of NEDA and should have told BJP leader Himanta Biswa Sharman to oppose the CAB and if he opposes the CAB, RV Lyngdoh said he too would. Meghalaya is part of India and how can it be released?
The training was held at Synod College Shillong where hundreds of students attended the training.
“He added that he hopes that the federation will continue to work and also to draw more players from the State in the years to come.
The two GNLA leaders are believed to have been at their camp in East Garo Hills when a shootout broke out between the police and the insurgents. The GNLA has been killed.
Therefore, the project will also invest in activities related to monitoring waste-related activities.
It is learned that there was an earthquake in the same area in 2010 and since then it has been said that the residents of this area should be evacuated because of the earthquake, but they have not been evacuated.
Shillong, Nailur 30: There are 129 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 66 cases in West Khasi Hills and 42 cases in West Khasi Hills. to date, there are 1619 cases.
The Waheh Shnong of Lapangap village, while talking to this reporter, confirmed the incident.
“If the Government loves the present and future heritage, please do something.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said that tomorrow is the 25th July. 50 years ago on this day, the emergency rule came and this is a sign of the Constitution.
We wish that they will be able to open the Bethany Hospital soon as it has provided a good service to many of us and that the name of I (L) Dr. John Sailo Ryntathiang will remain”.
This is also the first time that Bah Vincent H. Pala will contest for re-election as MP from Shillong Seat after serving three terms since
Government offices, schools and factories will be closed on this day as it is the polling day for the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya. even if they don’t go to work.
The opposition has been asked to support the decision of the Executive Committee.
The foundation stone of the government health center was laid by the Chief Minister in June 2016 and the work has progressed rapidly and only in November this year it was completed. prime minister on Thursday.
Shillong, Lber 24: A special session of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today was held to challenge the Executive Committee led by Bah Latiplang Kharkongor.
Many teachers are still teaching the existing system in 2023 because there is no new notification to supercede the existing system. do.
Rajagopalan Vasudevan, a teacher of subjectchemistry in Madurai, first discovered this new method of cleaning by cutting plastic bags into small pieces and covering them with clean colour. This is the first time that it has been implemented in the North East and that is in Nongkyndeng village of West Khasi Hills District.
The reason for the suspension is unknown.
One of the three persons died on arrival at the Civil Hospital Shillong.
“Education has no boundaries.
Other dignitaries present on the occasion included Meghalaya Football Association President Shri H Dohling, Shillong Sports Association President Shri Eugeneson Lyngdoh and other senior officials of the SSA. Mawlai standing out with their bright yellow flags.
“This is a car theft and a gang of thieves,” said SP East Garo Hills Bah SA Rynjah.
Referring specifically to the children in the state, the Chief Minister said that 40% of the children do not get enough food to build their bodies. The government has received funds from the World Bank to feed the children.
Shillong, March 05: Suspected GNLA militants today morning released nine traders from Assam who came to market at Silkigre on the 29th of last month.
He said that Dr Mukul wants to dig with the MMDC. The NPP leader said that if the MMDC can dig why not allow the people.
New Delhi, June 27: The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi today held a video conferencing meeting with the Chief Ministers of the States to discuss the current situation and to discuss the fight against corruption. COVID-19 disease.
On the other hand, the State has more than 72% of its population under 35 years of age.
“School children are the future of the country and the nation.
Regarding the appointment of MDCs to the three District Councils in the state from those who have not been elected, the state government has consulted with many experts on the appointment of MDCs to provide equality. Among the ethnic groups, the Chief Minister said that the state has 17 prominent ethnic groups and 37 prominent ethnic groups.
As the union, we want this tower to be repaired so that it can work as in the past as this will benefit not only the people of Nongnah but the entire area.
After they had finished, Kennedy wrapped himself in a blanket and climbed the well and fled the scene.
Speaking to reporters, Najim Kharmalki, President of Western Ri Bhoi Dorbar who is also the Rangbah Shnong of Patharkhmah, said that the power outage has affected the people especially in this age of science and technology. work with the network in commerce, office work and others.
UNI PHOTO-1New Delhi, June 09: Under the leadership of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, the The Cooperation Branch was launched on 6th November
Dkhar said that he has heard that only commercial taxis have come to get their trading license from the Council but tourists from abroad have not come. do not accept this License.
Regarding the demand of those contract teachers who have not passed the MTET examination, they have nothing to say. passed as full-time teachers.
Shillong, Naitung 15: The FKJGP War Jaintia Circle has met with the Assistant Executive Engineer of Meecl at his office in Amlarem.
Shillong, November 23: U Rikman G Momin, State President of the BJP in Meghalaya today met the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi in Delhi for a two-day meeting of BJP officials. party in Delhi.
At the same time, the union said that it does not want to see the MeECL department to do charity work after the tragic incidents.
Kyrmen Shylla was elected as the President of the Youth Wing and Balajied Synrem was elected as the Secretary. Olan Sing Suin was elected as the President of the Farmers Wing. Thabah as General Secretary and Bah Reminton Pyngrope as Joint Secretary.
The President of the Athletics Federation of India was present as the Chairman of the International Shooting Sport Federation (ISSF).
Nongstoin, Jymmang 11: Many farmers in Meghalaya have made a good effort in following the rules of social distancing and wearing masks during this time of crisis due to Covid-1 -19.
The union has also learned that the CM has promised to the Garo people that this railway line will run only for freight trains but later it has turned around and has also run passenger trains.
These include the villages of Lawsohtun, Lummawbah, Nongkse, Umlyngka, Nongumlong, Lumpdeng, Sawmer, Sanmer, Mawklot, Myrkhan Laitmynsaw and Nongpiur.
Shillong, Lber 11: The MDA government led by Conrad K Sangma will seek the confidence of the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly today. as if it were a “Vote of Confidence”.
Goel's resignation letter was received by President Droupadi Murmu.
He said that this demand is not new but it is a long standing demand of the Garo people.
Shillong, July 29: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today laid the foundation stone for the upgradation and improvement of the Pasyieh-Garampani road at a cost of 26.982 km. 62.49 crore.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: Answering a question by Brightstarwell Marbaniang, the Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma, said that the construction of the university is in five phases. .
In a statement, the leader of the union said that the police should understand the suffering of the youth in this age not because of this film but because of the overcrowding. Your corruption is not led by people who are in power.
Shillong Lajong FC skipper Samuel Kynshi scored both the goals of the first half and Shillong Lajong FC beat Boys Sport.
According to a statement sent by the BSF, in the darkness of the night, they saw a man entering India from Bangladesh. song in the plastic bag you dropped.
This treatment is exactly what it sounds like, it helps to remove proteins from the blood of a person who has recovered and will be injected into the body of people who are still sick.
BATTERY TORCHM32SUMER UMBANG, PS UMIAM RI-BHOI DISTRICT72013-02-0110NATIONALIST CONGRESS PARTY CLOCKM5
Doctors should investigate the cause and find ways to solve this problem.
Police have arrested Sahadev Basumatary from Tikrikilla village, West Garo Hills.
That is 40% for the Khasi-Jaintia, 40% for the Garo, 5% for the other ethnic groups, as implemented since 12/July/1
The water collection started at 5 pm through the offices of the union from all over the country and last night the samples of the water were taken to the Food and Safety Department, Posture Lawmali.
The letter was also sent to Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Health and Family Welfare.
The annual procession was attended by believers from all over Shillong, Jowai and Nongstoin.
Replying to a question by Dikkanchi D Shira regarding the toilets in various schools, the Minister said the government has implemented this scheme in Upper Primary School and Lower Primary School.
The teachers receive T.12,000/- for Lower Primary, T.16,000/- for Lower Primary, T.20,000/- for Secondary School and T.24,000/- for Higher Secondary School. Adhoc have proposed to the government to pay the same salary to all and to increase by 5% per annum from their salary.
In another incident, BSF troops seized several byrni of kwai which the smugglers were trying to send to Bangladesh and the value of the kwai reached T.7 lakh. The seizure of the kwai was from Pyrdiwah near Umsyiem.
Shillong, March 05: The Rangbah Shnong of Mission Durbar, Bah Jeffrey Basan, has released the film Wad Ia Malade produced by Na-Me Productions today at Mission Compound Durbar Hall. in the presence of Prasanjit Mishra, Producer & Director of Mumbai.
He said the ILP is one of the issues that needs to be discussed in parliament through dialogue with the state government.
First, if you decide not to build a railway station in one place, you will have to worry about the years of building a railway station in another place.
The participation of the community in training in child abuse is essential, he added.
The Great War is the war to preserve and maintain the identity of the Hynniewtrep people.
On the other hand, the President called on the state governments and the people to support the victims of the natural disaster. Shillong, Jymmang 6: BSF troops have rescued three Indian nationals from Bangladesh jail. in Sunamganj prison.
Shillong, Naitung 24: The office of the Online Tent Service Center at Mawkhar today opened and started training on human welfare and hygiene.
Assistant Education Secretary CEC Shelkitbok Kharbani today met with the Minister of Education, Rakkam A Sangma at his office. you are in the Secretariat.
He graduated from the Orient Theological College in Shillong with a degree in Theology and was consecrated today in the presence of tens of thousands of Christians.
In this meeting with the Chief Minister, the party demanded that the interview process should be reformed within the MPSC. This will be for all the interviews conducted by the MPSC. he said that he would look into this demand of the party.
This was stated by Bah Lamphrang Kharbani in a statement sent today.
“On Prestone's statement that he doesn't have time to explain, but if Prestone, who is the Symbud Myntri Rangbah and Chairman of the High Level Committee (HLC), doesn't have time, who will take that time? your.
If the decision is delayed, it will affect the students who are discouraged now because even if they do well in their studies, it will not benefit them because the leaders pass their own people.
You may wonder why North Koreans do not flee their country when they have to be subjected to such strict laws.
What surprised the residents was that as soon as the construction of the road started, it stopped before half past five and it is not known why they stopped the construction of the road.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: These days, the residents of Umphyrnai, Laitkor, Upper Shillong, Nongrah, Mawpat and Mawlai, especially those within the boundary of the Greater Shillong Master Plan, have been shocked by the new rules and regulations. following the order of the High Court to the Department of Urban Affairs, to enact and implement the provisions of the Meghalaya Building Bye Law 2011 under the Meghalaya Town & Country Planning Act 1973, and through the notification Surprisingly, all three CEMs have been members of MUDA for more than 25 years.
Many other policemen were also injured in the incident.
On the same day , the club , as part of the promotion of football among the women of the district , has organized a women 's football tournament which witnessed the match between Mawkyrwat XI against Hynriew Shnong Higher Secondary School , Shngimawlein Mawkyrwat XI won the match by 1 goal scored by Samla Ibakordor.
The JSU wishes all our brothers and sisters to celebrate Christmas 2016 with a spirit of knowledge and knowledge of God so that we may receive the blessings and mercy of our Savior in all aspects from the beginning. health, peace, prosperity and prosperity from the homes and society as a whole.
For ten years we have not received these benefits.
The programme, in collaboration with the MSOA and the Edge10 Group, has paved the way for the identification of talented players and how to train the players.
Dr Jemino Mawthoh said the demand for inclusion of Khasi in the Eight Schedule has been going on since 1974 and this remains in the demands while other languages ​​like Nepali, Kani, Sunthali and Bodo have already been demanded. enter the eight schedule.
To provide employment to the unemployed youth of this area, this is the answer to this problem by creating these roads will be a blessing to the unemployed youth, to bring back large factories in this area. Thain this does not destroy the environment.
Regarding the schools and colleges in Shillong, they will not be closed until 3rd June 2021, except those places where there are examination centres. you Online Class.
The sudden appearance of this letter has shocked the SSA teachers who decided during their rally on the 12th in Shillong to hold a strong protest by stopping teaching from today. The second is on the 18th of this month.
In this joint effort, the BSF and Police have arrested three persons who were smuggled to Bangladesh and they are residents of Ri Bhoi District of Meghalaya.
It was the hosts, though, who held the upper hand at the start of play.
A young woman from Shillong has lodged an ejahar against Thomas A Samgma alleging that she has been raped by him for a year and now she is poor. The complaint was lodged at the office of the Superintendent of Police.
The interview between Bah Bles and an unidentified person was broadcast in audio on an electronic media.
For this purpose, the IT Department has set up a place where the public can send their complaints if they have any complaints and a complaint monitoring cell and a free number. The number is, 18003453619. Please contact us.
which includes especially the Sirdars, Dolloi, and Nokma in the Constitution of India, which has had a serious impact on the protection of the rights of the minority Khasi people. IOA & AA- 17 Aug 2019, despite the demands of the Federation of Khasi States for 71 years.
This action of the government is to insult the drivers because even in these closed hours they have to pay the tax and now even though they are still running the Odd and Even the government has sent them to pay in full. pat the taxes without forgiveness.
Nongstoin, Nailar 20: The strike by the students who passed the DSC examination from West Khasi Hills District in Nongstoin continues today. he went to the hospital.
As a result, the power of international cooperation has been demonstrated in tax cooperation, with the launch of the Base Erosion and Profit Shifting project.
Kharmawphlang said that out of the four missing persons, three are employees of NEEPCO and one is an employee of another contractor.
To curb the influx of foreigners into Meghalaya, the Government has prepared a law to ban foreigners through the Tenancy Bill. will be coming soon.
Speaking on the need for radio as a platform, Thakur said that the country has had many Prime Ministers but no one has understood the power of radio as Prime Minister Duh has understood. Narendra Modiuba has turned this into the first platform for his monthly Mann Ki Baat programme, to connect with the people of the country.
Two police vehicles, three civilian vehicles and two wheelers were damaged and several CRPF personnel were injured in the incident. you are welcome.
He said crores of households in villages across the country have received the benefits of several government schemes without having to go to government offices regularly.
It is to be recalled that according to RTI, there are only 321 Trading Licenses out of 2785 in force and this shortage of Trading Licenses in Jaintia Hills has shocked the AJYWO. “The failure of the JHADC to implement the law prohibiting the trade of foreigners in Jaintia Hills has caused not only a huge loss to the JHADC. in terms of income but this will also affect and endanger the trade, income and happiness of the nation”.
On Saleng's suggestion that the allocation of new funds will be difficult, the proposal to increase the SRWP scheme from the current allocation of Rs.2.5 crore per annum will not be considered in the North East. Food and Civil Supplies Minister Comingone Ymbon in reply to a question by Matthew B Kurbah said that the government has taken many measures to prevent the spread of the SRWP scheme. The increase in the price of food items in the market and the government has been cracking down on the shops of the traders.
He urged everyone to spread this information which is not only about the problems but also about the treatment options that can prevent blindness.
Bah Marbud Dkhar said that their visit today was only to submit a petition which they decided at the meeting yesterday and one of those decisions was that the government should dismiss the government. the police shot people.
Many of those who have worked in this field for many years and have passed the age of employment abroad when the central government has said to take them to the state government is a problem that the government does not want to take them. him.
Police said the victim was identified as an Indian.
The salary of the MDCs of KHADC is only T.33,250/- while the salary of the Upper Division Assistant is T.35,100/-. claim.
Therefore, although it is not the PWD, I will use the MLA scheme to repair this road for the glory of Mawlai constituency,” said the Mawlai MLA.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Warjri said the government has already taken measures to combat these practices in the state.
He said that the women's organizations are some of the supporters of the Dorbar Shnongs and also those who take care of the peace and order in the villages. They also worked together to bring about change in the society especially at this time when the city is in the fight against drugs.
Because the country celebrates Republic Day on 26th July every year, Indian Customs celebrates International Customs Day on 27th July every year.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, has said that the Governor of Garo Hills is looking forward to the opening of the Governor's Office in the near future. completed this work in Tura.
At this time, the signs themselves clearly show that God the Lord together with the Ryngkew ki Basa have come to express their own signs and signs of their acceptance of this resurrection. and this feast was known as the feast of Shi Hat Shi Taiew.
Other candidates are Adelbert Nongrum from 19-Jaiaw, James Ban Basaiawmoit from Shella, Latiplang Kharkongor from Nongthymmai, Elphrin. Lawai of Sohryngkham, Christabel Wanniang of Umroi, Kodios Thongni of Jirang, Probiti Nongpluh of Laitumkhrah-Malki, Iengskhem Diengdoh of Langkyrdem-Laitkroh, Andreas Kharkongor of Dowkynt Mawprem.
In terms of this scheme, Laskei Block is the best among all the blocks in Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The National People's Party (NPP) has held a meeting in Tura today to elect the candidate for the MLA election in the 53-Ampati Constituency. and this conversation shall be heard tomorrow.
The breakdown by state and year is given in Annexure-II. NEVF is registered as a Category I Venture Capital Fund under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) Alternative Investment Funds (AIF) Regulations, .
The Dorbar is also pleased to see that Bah HS Shylla, CEM, KHADC, has expressed the need to hold Hima Dorbars in the Hima and especially to convene the Hima Dorbar Mylliem as soon as possible.
The PMMY was launched by the Prime Minister on 8th June, 2015 to provide loans of up to T.10 lakh to small businesses that are not companies or agriculture.
While schools conduct online classes, students who wish to participate in online classes instead of going to school in person are allowed.
This is a very beautiful ancient mountain where the community has existed since the beginning until now.
With the cooperation of the neighboring villages, the robbers released the cows halfway and the cows were found by the villagers who took them back home.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Aldus Mawlong, Secretary, District Council Affairs Department, said that the Governor of Meghalaya has accepted the proposal to abolish the Administrator Rule in KHADC. The Legislative Assembly of the KHADC has convened the Legislative Assembly on the 17th and 18th of this month to elect the Chairman and Chief Executive Member of the KHADC. The Chairman of KHADC has scheduled to hold the election on the 17th at 10 pm and the election for the CEM of KHADC will be held on the 18th at 11.00 pm.
Roykupar Synrem has been elected as the President of the party for the term 2023-2026. Two vice presidents have been elected, Donboklang Kharlyngdoh and Francis. Gee Mawlong, Ehembor G Saibon as General Secretary and two Secretaries, Isaac W Basaiawmoit and Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh.
The President of the party, Bah Ernest Mawrie, said that such public meetings will continue to be held not only during the elections but overall, Meghalaya has 2.5 lakh drug users. it is about 7.65% of the population.
On the same day (20.10.2019), the Chairman announced that the election of the new CEM will be held on 22.10.19 and the filing of Nomination Papers will end at 12.00 pm on 19 and both sides have submitted their Nomination Papers and all have been completed.
The Prime Minister explained how the target for government benefits has been achieved by removing about 6 crore fake beneficiaries.
On this occasion, a meeting was held with the participation of the parents of the students of RCLP & UP School, Laitdiengsai. They were invited through various programs from the school children including traditional dances, special songs and dances, drama prepared by the past pupils and many others. that program.
There was no tragic incident in the petrol bomb blast.
Shillong, Naiweng 25: A new Alto 800 car (ML05-H-0461) has collided with a bike near Lumdiengjri District Council. Police have informed the troops at MES and have seized the vehicle. After investigation, the police found that the vehicle did not have proper documents. The vehicle was stolen from the parking lot of Banalari World Car in Mawlai.
“We are deeply saddened by the incident in Wah Swad, where the robbers have forced the Dorbar, the Sordar and the Syiem to rob the poor,” he said.
The drugs seized were not only pahreng drugs but also pyrsi drugs.
Shillong, July 04: The KSU NKHD Unit through this statement congratulates the people of Ri Bhoi District for their contribution and dedication to bringing the name and glory of Ri Bhoi District to them. Especially to the Riewrangbah, the leaders who have worked hard to bring about the establishment of Ri Bhoi District until it was achieved on the 4th July
He said he resigned from the post of Inspector from the Agriculture Department a year ago with the intention of contesting the MLA election and worked for the UDP to save the party in Umroi. He did not reach the goal because he was rejected from the UDP party. However, his departure to the NPP was a mistake.
On the other hand, the Lyngdoh of Nongstoin Hima, Bah Maxmilan Byrsad, while speaking on the occasion, urged that the Kur should have a constitution so that the Kur Long Jaid can be strengthened. and this is what is needed.
The appointment of the interim Governor of Telangana and Lieutenant Governor of the Union Territory shall take effect from the date of appointment of the new Governor and Lieutenant Governor.
If coal mining is banned, thousands of people will die of starvation because they don't know how to farm. There are no farmers living in agriculture all over Meghalaya.
When asked about the areas that will get new blocks, Prestone Tynsong said that it is not yet possible to say which areas will get new blocks as the government has yet to consider.
The incident happened on the night of the 8th of this month when all the family members escaped from the tragic incident through the protection of the Nongbuh Nongthaw.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister said that the government is pleased to see that some youths have gone to study doctorate without These 11 doctors who were approved by the Cabinet today have completed their training without receiving the government's share.
She stressed on the need to help each other to overcome this disease and said to overcome this disease all people need to understand and follow the rules related to Covid.
Meghalaya in collaboration with other Government departments is the first in the country to reduce the number of shops selling such tobacco near schools.
In the final of the super heavyweight 92kg-plus category, Sagar of Railways and Jaipal Singh of Punjab will face each other.
On this occasion, there was also a discussion between the people and the residents on the issue of health.
Police said they had received a complaint from Philis Jojo that his wife had disappeared without returning home.
Bah Pynthymmai said that as a person who is ready to help the poor and needy who are facing difficulties, he is a spiritual person.
Shane Thabah, General Secretary of the Meghalaya Hawkers and Street Vendors Association, said in a statement sent to the media.
For the first time, the leaders of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) who came to Meghalaya for peace talks with the Government have been released. to celebrate the 36th Anniversary of MeECL on Tuesday at their residence at the Inspection Bungalow (IB) of MeECL, Ribhoi District.
Jowai, March 24: Through Right to Information (RTI), Reachingson Siangshai, Vice President of the AJYWO Central Body, JHADC, recently sought information on the trade in rice by non-tribals. Within the jurisdiction of JHADC, the JHADC through its Taxation Office, has informed that there are 2785 Trading Licenses in force till the date of request. From the copies of the information provided to the applicant, it was found that there are only 321 Trading Licenses in force as of the date of the applicant.
In the Under 16 category, St Anthony High School won the title with six gold and one silver medals.
“Until now, the Government has not listened to the demand of the Union,” said the President of the Union.
The union has had the opportunity to express its concern about the stinginess of the staff of the hospital.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the meeting with the civil society and the ruling party is to tell them what the government has done. The UN Security Council has completed the border talks with Assam at seven places.
Therefore, all the places around the Khasi Hills we are the same nation on the basis of the kur relationship which means longkur longjait.
The election manifesto made it clear that if the people give enough support, efforts will be made to improve the employment policy for the benefit of the youth of the state.
Shillong, Lber 01: U Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, on Tuesday said that the work of SSA teachers is not easy. work with the federal government.
This treatment is known as convalescent-plasma therapy and uses the energy of a person who has recovered from the disease to treat sick people.
The event was enriched by the participation of cultural programs by the students of Jatah Lakadong School, special dance by the Young Geberation group and band song by the group of Syntung Village.
Shillong, Nailur 25: Meghalaya Police have released Lamidaka Rymbai, who was kidnapped from Guwahati on 2nd June
Speaking to media, he said that after a meeting with the Meghalaya government officials, he has directed the government to increase the price of rice from T.242 tyngka per day to T.300 tyngka. a day and this should be done within six months.
ICARE immediately denies the unfounded allegation that a public meeting was held in Khyndailad at the expense of the government.
On receiving a tip, the Cantonment Beat House Police Station has sent special teams to track down the vehicle which sent the tip from Guwahati.
He said that this social agreement will immediately end the insurgency and through this, there are no more insurgent groups in Assam now.
However, Article 372(3) of the Constitution of India clearly states that the President of India cannot amend the BEFR 1873 after three years from the date of adoption of the Constitution of India.
The Rural Development Department has submitted a proposal to the Cabinet to amend the Meghalaya Community Participation and Public Services Rules 2017 which the Cabinet has approved.
With this announcement, the government has given 45 days to the Regional Committees, making it clear that the border talks in the present government will not succeed anymore as the state has reached the MLA elections. in June 2023.
The four-day festival was organized by the Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR), the Indian Cultural Centre, the Embassy of India, Kathmandu and the North Eastern Council (NEC).
The Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) on Saturday directed the Chief Secretary of the Meghalaya Government to submit a detailed report on the destruction of illegal immigrants' shelters in Lum Survey.
Shillong, July 13: U Samla Enlang Sawian, Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) CEC Education Cell today lodged a petition against the police involved in the shooting incident. Solin Suting has been arrested by the police for the incident on the night of 11th July
Gershome Hat Vice President CoRP Sengkmie said that if the MDA government can resolve the border issue as the people want before the 50th anniversary of the state, it will be a joy for them. The people of the border areas together with the whole state to celebrate the 50th Anniversary of the state.
The vehicles with BS VI compliance are in Delhi, said the Union Minister of Environment.
The race started from Laitumkhrah Square and ended at Polo Square. After that, the commemoration was concluded with a blood donation in the name of Captain Keishing Clifford Nongrum at Raj Bhavan, Shillong.
They also discussed other demands of the teachers that the government should pay their salaries every three months and the government should appoint a State Education Commission to look into their problems. teacher.
If the rules are being implemented, they should be approved by both parties and not just ordered by one side,” said the statement.
At the meeting, all the speakers said that such trainings should be conducted regularly and this will bring about understanding among the various departments involved in this field.
There are 29 cases in total.
Jowai, Nailar 30: Two organizations from East Jaintia Hills District today met with the EE of MeECL Distribution and Revenue Officer of MeECL regarding the lack of electricity supply. get the light ticking as the bill comes due every month.
Ladthadlaboh MDC Marki Mulieh together with the village leaders of various villages in Ladthadlaboh Jowai have lodged a complaint with Bah PS Dkhar, DC of West Jaintia Hills District. to look into these problems of the residents.
There were also knowledge sessions and panel discussions with the participation of experts from the Government and private groups on the developments and improvement of transportation in the region.
Shillong, Naiwieng 09: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah PN Syiem, on Tuesday said that they are still looking into the appointment of the Protem Cahirman in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). Manstudy Nongrem has been appointed as the Chairman and D Wanlang as the Deputy Chairman.
He stressed the importance of education and encouraged the youth to have the spirit of entrepreneurship rather than waiting for government jobs.
Allan Joy, Co-Director of the company, said that if anyone needs to transport emergency patients, please call 7042030250 and
New Delhi, March 04: The Government of India today announced the establishment of the National Turmeric Board.
Along with this, preventive measures will be strengthened by providing treatment and monitoring the health of patients.
According to the PM GatiShakti National Master Plan, the RRTS system will be connected to railway stations, metro stations and bus services and others.
Students from Ropda Primary School, Gandhinagar, Gujarat in the presence of the Chief Minister of Gujarat, Bhupendra Patel.
With reforms such as the New Education Policy bringing about changes in various sectors of education, the education sector in India is undergoing long-needed changes.
During the visit, the police did not understand whether to arrest or how to arrest Bah Cheristerfield. The sad thing is that the government will not hesitate to ask for an explanation.
The 25 cases are 9 cases from East Khasi Hills District, 13 cases from Ri Bhoi, 2 cases from West Garo Hills and 1 case from West Jaintia Hills. and East Khasi Hills 1 and Ri Bhoi
For mothers who have children, their leave has been increased from 120 days to 180 days and this time the father of the household has been allowed to take 15 days leave when the the bride has a child.
Rev.T.Mukhim read and prayed for the public service at 1:30 pm. Rev.KL Tynsong sang songs from the choirs. of Mynsoo Presbyterian Church, Laban Presbyterian Church Shangpung and KJP Eastern Synod Standing Choir.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: The KHNAM Central Executive Committee (KHNAM) has appointed Bah THS Bonney (Retd IFS) as the Working President of the party along with Bah Adelbert Nongrum MDC Jaiaw.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Martin Luther Christian University, Shillong today awarded the 14th Dalai Lama with a Doctorate in Philosophy.
At the same time, the Raj Bhavan has informed the public that the residence of the Governor will be open from the 14th to the 15th of this month from 5.30 pm to mentioned
The Prime Minister of India has requested to turn off the lights inside the houses from 9 pm to 9.09 pm on the 5th of June.
The Meghalaya government is aware of this road and the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma has taken the initiative to convene meetings to discuss how to resolve these issues so that the road can be completed. kane to the street.
Regarding the North Eastern Institute of Ayurveda and Homeopathy (NEIAH) in Meghalaya, which will be upgraded to the rank of doctor, he said there are many problems in this regard. but the Central Government shall provide the necessary jobs.
This statement by Dr. DRL Nonglait came after the office of the Prime Minister has not sent a letter to the Political Department that the Khasi Author Society (KAS) has already sent to the State Government to send to the State Government. Union Home Minister Amit Shah on the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
“We have been farming until these days like a market without knowing the price of our products. If the market is good, we are happy but if it is bad, it is over,” said a farmer from Tangmang. Nebel Singh Pariat while speaking at the meeting of the Hill Farmers Union (HFU) in Pynursla today.
No casualties were reported in the incident although there were three injured persons in the Maruti. The injured were taken to the CHC of Bhoi Rymbong for treatment.
“There has never been a time when the Prime Minister or the Government has interfered with the appointment or selection of officers to be sent to the Lokayukta nor has the Prime Minister and his office interfered with any case. the Lokayukta has agreed.
The union leaders complained about the government's inability to provide private school supplies to the students and they cannot refuse to provide such a service even if it is small.
The government has allocated the land for the construction of the Judicial Academy and the National Law University. try to do, but still a lot of work has to be done.
When asked whether this is one of the ways to get the opportunity to include the Khasi language in the Eight Schedule of the Constitution of India, the Director said that she cannot say. However, this is the way for the Khasi language to reach this level.
Shillong, July 5: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday said that the Farmers Market at Lad Smit and Hynniewmer Upper Shillong will be open for three days from today. First until Wednesday.
Noting that the State has moved forward to implement the NEP, Sangma said, “We cannot turn back on this.
The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) Jaintia Hills Unit (HANM) today held a flag raising ceremony under the leadership of Emcy Shadap Organizing Secretary and Shaniahlang Suchen President. Head of State Government has expressed its regret over the government's failure to repair the National Highway (NH-44) which passes from Mookyndur-Jowai-Khliehriat to Malidor. roads that connect to other states of the country.
In an interview with the police, it was said that in these days, some of the workers who are from the state have walked to return to their homes. Those in Ri Bhoi have gone up to the villages but those from abroad are not there.
“Ka Seng strongly condemns and warns that person named Elizabeth Nongbri and others, that she should not try to cover up this life and death of the jaidbynriew.
Since the inception of this scheme, up to 2.2 crore poor households across the country have been provided with electricity.
This is a statement issued by Samla Jiedskhem Nongsiej, General Secretary, KSU South West Khasi Hills District.
In another incident, police have seized 100 kilos of Ganja from Assam (AS-11C5741). he went to Lumshong.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Delhi Police Chief Daniel Lyngdoh, Supreme Court Advocate, said that about 30 companies and educational institutions have been arrested. They are still in the midst of litigation across the country and the North East which is a hotbed of fraud by companies and other educational institutions.
But along the way, there were places where the fuel in the vehicles was stolen.
One is to impose the Administrator's rule within 6 months and prepare for the Election within 6 months.
The race will be 10 kilometers for men and 5.5 kilometers for women.
The Shillong Chamber Choir will sing and entertain the soldiers in Shillong and on this day it is also to honor the soldiers in the country as a whole.
In this incident, the people came out and chased away these people. In this chase, one of them was arrested and the people tied him until he was seriously injured. .
The meeting was conducted by Bah James S Lyngdoh Vice President of the MPCC. Speakers were Bah AL Hek, Vice President, Dr Manash Das Gupta, General Secretary, MPCC, Richard Marak, President, Meghalaya. All these speakers spoke about what Indira has done for the country.
It is expected that factories and manufacturing plants will revive through these measures and create income generation opportunities while maintaining safety and social distancing measures.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 34 new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills. The total number of deaths was
The government has ordered the 10 people who have already tested twice to stay at home for another 14 days.
The Vice President, Shri Jagdeep Dhankhar interacting with IIT Guwahati Students, in Assam on July 4, 2023.
On the part of the Chairman of the Estimate Committee, Meghalaya, he congratulated and blessed the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of West Bengal.
Jowai, Jymmang 02: The Police Department has won the 6th Kiang Nangbah Memorial Inter Office Football Tournament 2016 by beating PHE Department 2-0 in the first leg of the 28th June 2016 match. at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Jowai.
To encourage children from poor homes, from disadvantaged sections of society, to attend school more efficiently and to help them concentrate on lessons.
According to information received so far, more than 50 villages have been affected by the cold weather in different parts of the state.
Process said that as an MLA, he has personally met with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to talk to him about the implementation of the NREGA scheme in Mawlai. The government has sent the request to the central government in Delhi.
Treiborlang R Suchen said that the party urges the leaders of Jaintia Hills to inform the government to bring the National Games in Jaintia Hills and the party leaders will meet the CM to inform them. and demanded the holding of the National Games in Jaintia Hills.
Anjali Singh 10M Air Rifle, Balarishisha Rani 10M Air Pistol and 25M Sports Pistol, Toiaibha Mylliempdah 10M Air Pistol, Shirley M.Kharbuli 10M Air Pistol and Dennyson Proven Kyrsian 10M Air Pistol. .
After the swearing-in ceremony, the Governor took the salute from the state police.
(ii) A copy of the old land title showing the name of the community on the title.
“On the part of the Seng, we demand that this policeman and the officers who failed to arrest the police should be punished.
Download the Business to Business (B2B) exhibition hall.
The BJP's participation in this election is to raise awareness and responsibility in taking over the post and this is also a challenge for the MLA elections in
He said he had sought a report on the strengthening of the security forces of the Jail including the Jowai District Jail to curb the escape of prisoners.
The total number of cases in the state since the beginning has risen to 44 and one has died.
Police have recovered 12 batteries from this place about 100 meters away.
“I know all the schemes but unfortunately for the Ministers and Secretary of the Mawlai Secretariat, they don't have all the files and for many months I have been asking Bah Founder whether he has received the schemes. for the people but the answer I always get is “we will get” he said.
Speaking to reporters, National President Conrad K Sangma said that their visit to the party office was for the government ministers to come to the party office so that they can meet. to the party workers to have a close relationship between the government and the party workers.
“As I have planned and planned since before the last elections regarding the excessive traffic jam at Mawlai petrol pump and Mawlai bus stand, I have come to inspect this Mawlai bye-pass road, so that we can complete it. “It will be a great blessing to the passengers, which will help to relieve the traffic jam in the Mawlai area,” said Bah PT Sawkmie. that they may speed up their work, in order to solve all the problems faced by the passengers.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: The Congress party today commemorated the 127th birth anniversary of Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru at Congress Bhavan Shillong where he became the first Prime Minister of the country.
The fire broke out at around 10:00 pm this morning. The fire brigade immediately rushed to the scene. bran bran to this place to cut down the tree.
On the other hand, the police are fighting against drug trafficking and this seizure of drugs is an honor and the cooperation with the public and the cooperation will be a victory in the fight against this drug. bad.
When completed, it will serve as a center for holding large-scale events for the promotion of culture and a venue for song competitions, dance competitions and festival in terms of film screenings.
On the other hand, the HPC said that if this company is given the lowest investment, it will not be able to complete the work and there will be many problems in the future. The price you have paid is because you don't have more than T.15 klut tyngka.
This is a blessing to these students who have been trained.
The award is an effort by the government to use the resources of the state to market them.
Referring to the MHIS, he said the government is doing this very carefully.
On the allegation that he did not pay the salaries of the sordars who were elected by the people in the RTI, he said that there is no record.
Shillong, November 11: The Indian Catholic Youth Movement (ICYM) Shillong Archdiocese will hold a Christmas Concert on the 14th of this month at the Cathedral Parish, Laitumkhrah, Shillong, at 4:30 pm.
Shillong, Naitung 28: A baby girl born to a mother who was not admitted to Ganesh Das Hospital in the morning has died after giving birth for the second time. evening.
Incom Tax officials said that Boudh Distillery Private Limited is a partner of Baldeo Sahu & Group of Companies which has allegedly tried to evade paying tax and has now been arrested. you are being tortured.
If you don't know how to steal or cheat, you'll stay away and so on.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: It has been almost six months since Iswanchi K Sangma and her two-year-old son went missing from their residence in Jogogre village under Bajengdoba Police Station. North Garo Hills District.
Regarding the CMSA scheme, he said that there will be no age restriction if they are disabled or widowed. they.
According to the information received, the man was shot dead by a knife from behind.
In her letter, Dr Ampareen said that according to the laws against violence against women, a fair trial should be given for this woman who came forward to express her grievances. rape as alleged.
The screening time at Bijou is 11 AM, 1PM, 3PM, 5PM and 7PM. It is worth mentioning that 9-Lad is one of the most anticipated Khasi films. Those who have not yet been able to see it because last year they were able to see it for only a few days due to the outbreak of Corona virus.
Speaking in the House on the Privilege Motion, he said that this was on the reply of the Prime Minister in the House on 9/03/2021 regarding the payment to NTPC, Rs. 11 crore, Rs.133 crore and Rs.3325 crore in 25 years.
This was announced by KSU Mawkyrwat Circle Education Secretary Tanlum K. Kharai.
He also expressed regret over the lack of Acts and Rules defining the powers, status and authority of the traditional authorities.
Ardent urged the Garo friends not to be afraid to disagree with the VPP. However, what the party wants is only to resolve the problems it has faced for 50 years.
Referring to Dilliram G. Marak who has joined the NPP, Conrad said that he has a strong spirit to work for the people of the state.
They were also taught how to grow Sohmynken jhur in plastic houses to get more yield and can get plastic at subsidy price from Horticulture itself and how to grow Soh Plom in better methods to get better and more soh.
All the office bearers of the Managing Committee from the President, Principal and teachers were present to witness the closing ceremony of the Annual Sport Meet.
He said that the MDCs of KHADC who work in any kind of work in their constituency and there are MDCs who cannot invite the journalists from time to time but we have our own. “If you take pictures of your work, the group will post them on youtube and other social media,” said Bah Pyniaid.
Shillong, Lber 24: U Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, the newly elected Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today announced his victory in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) election. He said that those in power will get more but will not be treated unfairly.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Namdong Area Unit led by Samla Juhhi Tariang General Secretary KSU together with the leaders of Namdong 'B' Village led by Waheh Shnong Ma DS War. Namdong PHC inspects the preparations for the outbreak of Covid-19 in the area.
According to the bill, the Executive Committee led by Bah PN Syiem has taken the villages according to the status of the districts.
Shillong, Naitung 03: The General Secretary of the AICC for Meghalaya, Dr CP Joshi will arrive in Shillong tomorrow morning and on the following day he will meet with the party office bearers and party officials. The Congress MLA will leave for Guwahati.
Therefore, the Chairman of KHADC, as required by Rule 22 (3), has sent a report to the Governor through the Deputy Commissioner as stated – Quote approval from the Governor, but that the Governor should suspend the preparations for the appointment of the CEM as the Council has fulfilled its duty.
“Ichamati is a village in East Khasi Hills District of Meghalaya which has been exempted from the provisions of the CAA as it falls under the Sixth Scheduled. , is also the venue where the Khasi Students Union held a protest against the CAA which led to the killing of Ishan Singh and Sujit Dutta.
Households can register themselves to receive benefits under the scheme.
He said that DoNER has encouraged the private sector to work with various companies in this regard.
The main objective of the workshop was to raise awareness, raise awareness and train the officers of the area on the topic, Swachh Bharat Mission (Urban) Awareness Campaign.
Shillong, November 11: The Bosco Integrated Child Friendly Development (BIDCFS) Shillong today in collaboration with the office of the Superintendent of Traffic Police conducted a public awareness campaign on the rules of driving. placards.
He said the RDA wants to bring unity among the ethnic political parties and to get the support of the people of the state.
Shillong, July 13: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma has visited Tura Christian College to inspect the accommodation facilities for the 5th Meghalaya Games players.
New Delhi, Jymmang 28: The Prime Minister of India held a meeting to discuss the work of the Power Department and the New and Renewable Energy Department of the Union Government, this evening.
What is happening now is that the vehicles coming from abroad are driven by driving teams from Assam and these provide the needs of the tourists from food to accommodation, which Meghalaya gets. it’s just pollution from the influx of these incoming vehicles.
The Chief Minister also saw that the Yatra was welcomed with traditional dances in different parts of Odisha and spoke about the program held at Rambrai in West Khasi Hills where the people of the area. a traditional dairy and dance program was held.
The BSF said that these cows were smuggled to the Bangladesh border through forest roads and this shows that the smugglers intended to smuggle the cows into Bangladesh.
Shillong, November 20: Hundreds of SSA teachers under the banner of AMSSASTA who have not yet been trained in teaching today took part in a protest in front of the Additional Secretariat. .
Deaths among security forces dropped by 71 per,cent ​​from 458 to 132, while civilian deaths declined by 86 per cent, he said.
The 75 Creative Minds of Tomorrow is an initiative launched by the Minister of Information and Broadcasting, Anurag Thakur to identify, guide and promote talented youth in program production from across India. .
These teachers who organized the protest were trained at NIOS for special training in D.El.
The party sends its condolences to his family and will continue to be with them in this tragic incident.
His death is a great loss not only to the family, but also to the organization.
At present, the EE office is located in Jowai, known as the PWD South Division, and this Division looks after the areas under the Amlarem Civil Sub-Division. travel from time to time and fare.
Pynshngian said that all this incident is the failure of the state government to fight against the infiltration of Assam on the border as happened in Iongkhuli. strengthen border security forces.
“The woman is the heart of the family and the father is the head of the household.
Immediately after the incident, the Vice President of NEHUSU lodged a complaint with the Mawkynroh Out Post Police Station to conduct a thorough investigation and arrest those involved.
He said that two Khasi children were released the next day, June 13, 2024 by the court because the charges were unfounded.
With the introduction of the ban on the use of plastic in the Chief Minister's Office, it is expected that other offices of the state government will not follow suit without waiting for the order. example to the people to follow.
At the same time, the Supreme Court has issued an order dated 11-11-2022 suspending the order dated 7 November 2022 of the Meghalaya High Court. appropriate to direct the impugned order 7-9-2022 passed by the High Court, shall remain in abeyance and be not given effect to, till the main case vis.
The Governor said that in 1951 when he was six years old he came to witness such a day at the same place where the Governor of Assam Jairamdas Daulatram attended the ceremony. At that time he took a salute in which as a child he did not know anything.
The Government has gone to repair this road properly, there is no roller, there is only a JCB and 4 or 5 workers.
The office has also constructed a water tank at a cost of T.40 lakh which can store more than 100 liters of water for the area.
Be wise and be prepared.
As a sign of remembrance and love for Kiang Nangbah, the greatest freedom fighter of Jaintia Hills, the same day is held today, which is the 159th anniversary of his death. great of the Pnar country.
In his speech, ADC, Goalpara, AN Hazarika, promised to cooperate during the election period to ensure that the election in Meghalaya will be smooth and to ensure that they will set aside Your rights will not be affected during the election.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: BSF on Tuesday arrested two persons from Borsora in West Khasi Hills District and seized 2950 Yaba tablets from them.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Reachingson Siangshai, Member of Tia Chaphrang Educational Management Society.
Ronald was born on 6th July, 1986 and lives in Upper New Nongstoin with his wife Kong Ba-ailang Lyngdoh Nonglait and one son.
His funeral will be held in Kolhapur, his son Tushar Gandhi said.
The union has informed the police and if they do not do anything, the union will take action.
The Seng said that the lack of action by the relevant authorities will force the Seng to take other measures and resolve this issue. to the people.
During this visit, the union also promised to be with the family at any time they need anything and the union is ready to help.
Shillong, Nailar 9: The Government of Meghalaya has issued a notice to the establishment of the Ranikor Administrative Unit in the South West. Khasi Hills District, and its headquarters will be at Ranikor, according to a statement issued by the Chief Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya today. .
Shillong, March 07: The annual meeting of the students of St Paul Seminary was held today at Upper Shillong.
Nongpoh, July 20: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today confirmed its units in Ri-Bhoi district, after renewing the office bearers of its units. and Umjar, and Nartap, and Pahathmoab, and Maurah.
The Meghalaya Transport Corporation should think carefully and impose strict rules against the illegal immigrants as it has been done elsewhere.
In another incident, Kitboklang Khongwir, resident of Lawjynrew Nongthymmai Shillong, has lodged a complaint with the police that unidentified persons have stolen four tires of a local taxi. month of November.
To encourage the public to lodge any complaint regarding the distribution of food items, the government has set up a hotline number 1967 where people can call to report any problems.
“The party has called for a meeting with these three persons but they have not come at all and it has been handed over to Bah Hamlet Dohling to speak and they have explained the reasons.
Many of the women who work in sales and other difficult jobs to support their families came to this celebration to express their concerns. meet.
She said that the three books of Prof. HW Sten which Dr. Rev. Fr. Warpakma has researched are, 'The Young Woman from the Village,' 'The Queen' and 'The Eternal Desire.
“They (Delhi leaders) say that we have no intention of cooperating with other political parties because if we cooperate with them, it does not mean that we will be overwhelmed by their ideology and we will continue to stick to their ideology. “Others can say whatever they want but the truth is that the BJP is not in the District Council and secondly, we have to put the issues first. jura of the nation before.
When SP News Agency spoke to many residents from all over the country to ask how they feel that they have not received ration from the ration shops for many months, many of them said that they have not received ration from the ration shops. They cannot do anything if they get it, they just take it, and if they don't get it, they have to listen.
However, he revealed his own special talents in his own works.
Hundreds of members of various political parties attended the event.
Jowai, Naitung 14: The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) on 14.07.2014 in the presence of leaders of the JSM-West Circle visited Narpuh District on Tuesday. Cheruphy village for the purpose of expanding the working department of the Seng.
In Shangpung Hima, Laskein C&RD Block, Bah Wailadmiki Shylla has launched the flag ceremony.
The Lum Jingthang Committee of the Seng Khasi Kmie, through this statement, informs all the members of the committee that this time, the committee has decided not to hold this public cleanliness drive on this day. and the above mentioned date.
L.Mountain.
On the other hand, the Chairman, Alka Shrivastav, who has visited almost all the polling stations, will be punished, said the DC. He urged all those who should conduct the election to work hard to make the election a success.
At this meeting held at Yojana Bhavan, after discussion, it was decided that places of worship will start opening from 14th June 2020, with the following rules to keep a distance from each other. one.
According to the latest news, the Minister of Home Affairs has invited political parties and civil society organizations to meet tomorrow morning to discuss the CAB, the districts. The Council of the North Eastern Region of India has not been invited.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: A group of student organizations from the North East today held a sit-in protest at Dighalipukhuri Park in Guwahati against the central government's move. the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill
From 2017 to 2022 there will be a special celebration known as 'Sankalp' to 'Siddhi' to create a new India.
These Rules 2006 are made in accordance with Section 13 of the KHAD Act
Shillong, Lber 26: The Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Teinwell Dkhar, in reply to a question raised by Bah Charles Marngar MDC of Mawhati regarding the problems of the people in Block-II. On the other hand, the CEM expressed his regret over such tragic incidents in which some people have been injured and lost their lives. Such incidents happen not only on the border with Assam but also on the border with Assam. even at the International Border.
The Minister said India has taken great steps for Atmanirbhar.
Shillong, March 27: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War today said that 70 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 41 in West Garo Hills and 5 in East Jaintia Hills. 1,411 cases have been reported in South Garo Hills and 5 in West Jaintia Hills.
The committee will look into the recommendations of the CAG and its recommendations on how to correct the errors.
Although the government has already called for peace talks, the GNLA does not want to join the ANVC, as the demand of the GNLA is to get Garoland and the surrounding borders. of it must be from the surrounding borders as it is now.
The Minister said that after the bomb blast on 14th November 2021 at the police station in Khliehriat, the police have conducted an investigation and in the middle of this investigation there was another bomb blast on 10/8 /201 in Laitumkrah and from the evidence it was found that Mr. Cheristerfield had a connection.
A total of 110 participants from the three states of Meghalaya, Assam and Mizoram.
The Director General of Police, Meghalaya, on Twitter, said that the kwai shupari was seized from a place left by unidentified persons and from the same place. three trucks.
The decision taken by the government is to ensure that the government employees know the income and to run the work of the government smoothly.
Furthermore, on Tuesday, the party also elected the office bearers of the Plangkynshi Circle.
The union has met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen recently and has also sent a letter to her and IAS Cyril V Diengdoh who is in charge of the Home and Political Department of the state government. The union has also lodged a letter of complaint with the DC. The complaint is to prove that Ayush Kumar is not entitled to the state quota to study MBBS because he is a foreigner and his father has Aadhaar in Bihar and EPIC. Ayush's father is working at Dalmia Cement and the union knows that this person is not entitled to PRC because he is not a resident of the state.
Meghalaya has received this award after being selected as the Best Performer in previous years.
The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) has reported a significant weather development over the East Central Bay of Bengal, where a depression has intensified into a deep depression.
He recalled the time when corruption and misuse of the people had been a hallmark of the work of the Government in the past.
At the same time, the Minister said that it cannot be denied that there are many incidents on the border, in which there have been attempts to resolve them quickly from the block officers to the rank of Chief Secretary. He said that the Government on receiving information that there have been any incidents has immediately spoken to the Government of Assam. conversation.
Also present on the occasion were Minister of Health and Family Welfare, L. Jayanta Kumar Singh, Minister of Sports, Letpao Haokip, Ministers of Manipur and National Vice-President Phungzathang Tonsing. He said that the people of Meghalaya will also reject the Congress party in
Speaking to reporters, Bah Ardent said that in the past few days, he has visited the market to inspect the condition of the market. I worked in the market, especially in the soybean market known as the lang market.
Those who have been released from the curfew should follow the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
The film, which will help people to recognize stories from one part of the world and at the same time connect with family beliefs or feelings, is produced by by Benoit Roland and Grégoire Debailly.
In his speech, Dr Mukul said the government's job is to look into these problems and how to fight those problems has to be resolved.
Despite this confusion, the Nodal Officer IR Sangma has not given instructions or taken all their phone calls.
Bah Ricky Marwein was abducted on 8th November 2017 from his residence in Umsur.
Journalists from electronic and print media from across the city and neighboring districts participated in the workshop.
NPP MDC from Sohryngkham Constituency Pyniaid Sing Syiem said that the Khasi Hills Democratic Front (KDFF) has 18 MDCs including 12 MDCs from the NPP and 12 MDCs from the NPP. 6 members of the Congress.
Shillong, July 07: U Subhasish Choudhury Media Cell Convener of the BJP in Meghalaya on Tuesday said that Meghalaya has gone from bad to worse where the government does not have a single job. He said that looking at the peace and order in Garo Hills, it has proved that the government can curb insurgency.
There have been 417 recoveries today, the highest number of recoveries from East Khasi Hills with 168 recoveries, bringing the total number of recoveries to 67581 so far.
KS Rani Vice President HNYF Central Body has strongly criticized the MLA of the area for not taking action to improve or paint the roads in the surrounding villages. He urged the government to take action to improve this road which the people are facing difficulties in getting medicines and transportation because the road is very bad and also does not transport natural resources. to reach the markets.
The figure is based on a survey released today by the Asian Center for Human Rights.
The confirmation meeting of the office bearers of the Hill Farmers Union will be held on the 20th of this month at 10.30 am at the Guest House Destination Café Moralong, Jowai opposite the Dairy and Veterinary Office.
Speeches were also delivered by Samla Raymond Kharjana Education Secretary KSU-CEC, Samla Wallamkupar Nongsiej VP Delhi Unit and Samla Donald V. Thabah.
People who are positive or infected should be treated according to the prescribed treatment guidelines and people who are negative should be tested by RT-PCR. -PCR test by private testing centers should be decided by the States/UTs. In terms of strengthening and streamlining the testing, the States/UTs have been urged to focus on the search for those in contact with the patients. patients' because it is important to control the disease.
In this regard, the KHADC will invite the Chief Executive Members to meet again.
On the other hand, Bah Warjri appealed to the children and parents to cooperate with the government for the preservation of the environment in the Sohra area for the benefit of the future generations. still coming.
The building has an area of ​​2500 sq feet at a cost of Rs 6 crore but has been completed at a cost of T.1.29 crore.
The protest by the students' unions of the university was against the increase in hostel fees and this was opposed by the students of the university.
Before the end, a traditional Khasi dance was performed.
When investigated, it was found that it was their own decision.
He said that the recent arrest of the Meghalaya Police from Ri Bhoi, is because they have found evidence in which they have to arrest, as this is an illegal act and to It is not the duty of the Government to do so and it is the duty of the court to give a verdict and if found guilty they will be released. from the penalties that are due in accordance with the provisions of the law.
After the BDO, the officers from various departments in Mawsynram Block gave an explanation and followed by a question from the Rangbah regarding various schemes. .
The reason for the incident was the dewbilat factory.
The opening ceremony of the festival was inaugurated by Bah GH Passah, BDO Jirang C&RD Block and 470 participants including women attended the festival. and men,.
There was also a traditional song performed by Bah Elbok Wanniang and Bah Forwardman Lyngdoh I.
More than 120 million patients have received treatment through eSanjeevani so far.
The PWD has not maintained this road for decades now and the residents of these villages don't know who to say, in fact it is the duty of the PWD to look after the work. The residents who have suffered due to the deterioration of this road.
The relatives of the student have shifted him to GNRC Guwahati where he is now in custody.
The Minister distributed certificates to nine beneficiaries of the Pradhan Mantri Rural Housing Yojana.
The T 10,000 crore UNNATI scheme will open up new opportunities and bring in investment and employment opportunities,” he said.
Ginger Mission Spices Development Scheme 2022-2023 was also distributed to the farmers of the area.
The country has benefited greatly from the social distancing and curfew.
From 23.94 lakh in 2001, Meghalaya increased to 29.67 lakh in
On the other hand, the Waheh Shnong urged the Waheh Shnongs to take action to announce to the public that the first to be injected will be those from 45 to 60 years old. age so that they are free from any diseases and discomforts.
On the other hand, the DC said, “It is not enough to call a 100 day curfew, but to release them peacefully will not happen, now they are in the hands of the law. the law shall do what it says.
The award for Best Lifestyle Influencer was awarded to Pema Leilani Ward Kyndiah.
Although at that time there were many prisoners who did not arrest the French, it cannot be expected that there would be no arrests on Tirot Sing Syiem, especially since he was a government prisoner who had been imprisoned. for the sake of fighting against the Bilat government.
This year, it is about 88 per cent.
On the other hand, the four organizations demanded that the government should not provide oxygen tanks if there is a serious suffering of the people due to the pandemic which has spread across India. Many people have lost their lives due to this COVID-19 pandemic.
The VC said that the start of the construction of buildings for the College on the land donated by Wahiajer Village which covers more than 6 hec will be discussed within the Committee. possible.
In the past few days, the SRT has spent time to train its members how to improve their physical fitness at Umïam Pond so that they can improve their services to the residents. of the entire state.
Shillong, November 29: Bangladesh will not allow insurgents to take root in Bangladesh, said Tanveer Gani Chowdhury, Director General of Bangladesh.
On the occasion, the Shillong Cricket Association (SCA) has presented a Memento to Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh and at the same time discussed many issues of the Association. They also discussed how to promote and promote cricket in the City and the State as a whole.
Ed exams for the 1st batch will start from the 9th to the 21st of this month.
He said that with this amendment, the Ferrous Alloy factories in the state have been banned from buying rynga from the state. The thieds of the state shall not be banned from those who oppose.
Speaking on the occasion, the author said that it was in 1961 that the Ramakrishna Mission wrote an article saying that Swami lived here in 1901 when he came to Shillong.
He was also the first to introduce and perform ERCP (Endoscopic Retrograde Cholangiopancreatography) which is a combination of endoscopy and x-ray for the diagnosis and treatment of certain types of biliary diseases. and pancreatic ductal systems.
Vincent H. Pala will file his nomination papers in Shillong while Saleng Sangma will file his nomination papers in Tura for the Lok Sabha elections to be held on 19th June,
We urge you to take action by directing all law enforcement agencies to protect the people of this country and various Commissions such as the Human Rights Commission and other Commissions for the protection of women and children. children, from the Central and State Governments, and to take action on all the incidents that have happened in Manipur,” said the petition.
Setbingstar D.Shira, 33, of Rongjeng Songma, 33, of Rongjeng Songma, has been arrested from Rongjeng Songma. I'm still walking.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: At 2.10 am today, residents of Shyam Jewelers shop in Police Bazar were surprised by the presence of people inside the shop.
Regarding the seized goods, they handed over to the law enforcement authorities for further investigation.
Through this programme, the Party wants to work with the approval of the people.
He said that this video has been edited, but the police have summoned the owner of the vehicle to appear before the police this morning. Video that went viral today.
This is for all AAY and PHH households without any charge as it is free.
Other speakers on the occasion were Union Minister of State for Child Development Rajeev Chandrasekhar, Gaurav Swarup, Co-Chairman and Managing Director, Paharpur Cooling Towers Ltd.
In a letter written by the Deputy Secretary, Petroleum & Natural Gas, the Central Government has said that the Central Government wants the permission to be issued soon due to the elections in the three states of the North East. I'm from India.
On 11th November 2011, Minimon Laloo received the Dr. Ambedkar National Award 2011 from the Bharatiya Dalit Sahitya Academy (BDSA) at its meeting held in New Delhi.
The Home Minister, under the leadership of the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, has said that those who oppose the unity of India will not be released if they are found to be opposed to the unity of India. you sit in peace.
Khanapara, Nailar 10: The Central Bureau of Communication (CBC), under the Department of Information and Broadcasting, Government of India, Shillong in collaboration with the University of Science and Technology Meghalaya has organized an exhibition of photographs and broadcasting. The opening ceremony of the festival was attended by A Srinivas, DIG (Operations), A Srinivas, DIG (Operations), CRPF, NE Zone, Samudra Gupta Kashyap, Writer, Journalist and Information Commissioner, Former Assam, Mahbubul Hoque, Chancellor of USTM, Dr BK Das, Pro VC of USTM, Dr RK Sharma, Advisor to USTM, Gopajit Das, Head of Office, CBC Shillong among others.
The word sprinkle is called Sprinkle, but the word Libation is called Libation.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) today lost one of its leaders, Bah Combert Syad, who held the rank of Major in the party. In the presence of SP Davis NR Marak.
Residents of Tongseng, Kuliang, Pyrtakuna, Umkiang, Donaskur, Donaumbluh, Ratacherra and Malidor took to the streets and blocked all vehicles trying to pass through the National Highway-6
The three-day conference was originally scheduled to be held in 2021 but due to COVID-19 it could not be held and it was decided to hold it on June 14, 15 and
The BJP spokesperson said that we should unite without offending or discriminating.
When the State Government decided to issue a stamp in the name of Tirot Sing Syiem through the Postal Department, the Central Government felt the need to get the true face of Tirot Sing Syiem, even if it was not found. to anyone else.
Shillong, March 08: Heavy rainfall has caused a landslide in Pynthor Langtieng village under Thadlaskein Block in West Jaintia Hills District. and in this incident four persons lost their lives.
At this time of grief, Modi expressed his condolences to the families of these heroes.
: Leading leaders of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Thursday met with the Director of NEIGRIHMS regarding the decision. to reduce the age limit for the post of Nursing Officer from 35 to 30 years, according to the advertisement announced last month.
CEIR is the central point for all network operators to share blacklisted mobile devices so that blacklisted devices on one network will not work on other networks even if the Subscriber is changed. Identity Module (SIM) Card, said Sr DDG DoT NE LSA in Shillong today.
There are 60 cases of COVID-19 in the state today, 24 cases from East Khasi Hills and 11 cases from West Garo Hills. .
There are now 2,40,871 households who have received toilets with the construction rate being 71% after no villages have received this award till 2006-07 in the state. .
The Inspector General of BSF Meghalaya, after briefing on the incident, promised that the BSF will work for the good of the country, despite many challenges.
The RPF is on high alert to ensure that the Rohingya refugees are not allowed to enter the North East.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Shillong, today said that during their meeting, they discussed many issues and one of them was the Cabinet meeting. They have decided that for the year 2014, the holidays of the state will be limited to 20 days.
“But Digital India is not just a name, it is a major goal for the development of the country.
: it means the one who calls the mother and the source of the plants, the soil, the shyiap, the rock.
This agreement will lead to future-ready cooperation by looking more closely at cooperation in new areas such as support, environmental issues, innovation, digital transformation, startups, food and energy safety-related activities, fin-tech and human resources training.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: On the 28th of this month, 24 people have been tested positive for COVID-19 in Shillong.
Wellcom Shylla will be the President, Bros Phawa will be the Vice President, Nightstar Pariat will be the General Secretary and Starly Bareh will be the Assistant Secretary. There are also 10 EC members as the Treasurer and the party has 10 EC members, while all the fish farm owners in the district are members of the party as well as the rawon.
For the year 2012, Meghalaya has received only Rs 0.50 crore from the Central Government which is only Rs 50 lakh.
The inability to fully protect the borders has led to the entry of foreigners into the North East and this has put the indigenous people in great trouble.
We also urge the Government to take a decision to improve education in the area by establishing Government Sec. & Higher Sec. Schools and a Government College in the area.
“The KUSUM rooftop scheme is available across the country.
The BSF has seized 1300 bottles of phensedyl while trying to smuggle it to Bangladesh from India in the past three months.
However, the driver of this vehicle did not obey the signs of the police officer who was driving at that time. The driver of the vehicle was identified as Bah Iasyllock L Mawphlang and police have arrested him.
As a group, they hope that the authorities will not listen to this illegal activity and as residents, they pray for peace to return soon to the state. ensure that the Constitution of India shall ensure a fair and transparent justice to maintain peace at all costs.
At present, it is learned that the UDP and the party have not filed their nomination papers for the CEM seat. The District Council shall be elected.
They have been searched and arrested many times by foreigners and foreign authorities who do not know where they come from or where they leave.
Shillong, July 15: The All Meghalaya SSA Non Teaching Staff Association (AMSSANTSA) on July 14 decided to continue its strike after the expiry of its 15 days deadline to the State Government. The protest was announced by the General Secretary of the party, Bah Barikupar Mylliemngap.
To improve the services of the government to the people, the government has also opened four Civil Sub-Divisions, Pynursla Civil Sub-Division in East Khasi Hills District and Chokpot Civil Sub-Division in South Garo Hills. Raksamgre Civil Sub-Division in West Garo Hills District and Mawshynrut Civil Sub-Division in West Khasi Hills District.
They said that their meeting with the officials of the education department on the first day was to know whether the government authorities want to know whether the union will move forward with their protest. They replied that they will move forward if the government does not do anything on their demand.
It also contains a Draft National Policy and a Model Policy for the States.
On the other hand, the Government officials of the Directorate of Employment and Craftsman Training including the new Director, Bah B. Hajong and Bah L. Garod, Joint Director, said that this work which has been pending for a long time should be completed. “The department has already inspected the site in the past few months,” said Bah Sun.
This was held inside the dorbar hall at Mawkhar.
Chyne said that after the KHADC has prepared the letter, it will submit it to the Governor and send it to those whom it should send as these three have done. on the charge.
The RPF police have phoned the girl according to the number given by her and after completing all the procedures, she has been handed over to the family members of the girl.
It is gratifying that the Chief Minister has announced that the new district will be opened before the celebration of the Independence Day of India. be happy about this.
The BSF troops seized the bike because they knew that it was stolen and sold to Bangladesh.
The second strike by the teachers was by sending letters of protest to the Prime Minister's Office which started on the 30th of last month and will end on the 4th of this month. moon.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Minister said that the state has allocated a lot of money in the health sector to provide adequate health services to the people, even in the midst of many challenges faced by the government during the COVID-19 pandemic. 19 has built many buildings in the field of health and welfare of the people.
Others who attended the function included Biangbor L. Paliar (Organization Secretary, KSU CEC), Pynkmenlang Sanmiet (Executive Member, KSU CEC), Iashanborlang Mukhim (Executive Member, KSU CEC), students, parents and residents of Malki.
Witness the mesmerizing synchronized maneuvers of the Suryakiran team and be awestruck by the flypast of helicopters, fighter jets like the Su-30 MKI and Rafale.
He explained that if there are three people, they get 25 kilos and if there are 10 people, they get 50 kilos of rice.
In any cases of testing difficulty, mutual conflict is not the answer.
The Minister said that the road from Nongstoin to Maweit is an old road but has been left without improvement for more than 40 years. Garo Hills but the government has now allocated T.145 crore to improve these roads.
Kumar is from Bihar.
Shillong, July 27: U Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui today met with all the principals of minority schools to discuss the Draft Education Policy of the Ministry of Education. the central government.
Disrparsing told the management of the central government hospital that if they cannot do it within a day, he will appeal to the higher authorities in Delhi.
As youth in uniform, NCC members are at the forefront of serving the country at any time.
Shillong, Naitung 25: In his first public address after assuming office as Governor of Meghalaya, Dr KK Paul, Governor of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the decision of the state should go hand in hand. along with environmental protection.
Jan Dhan accounts, Aadhaar, and mobile connections have contributed to the development of Digital India.
Believers from different religions greeted each other with the words “Merry Christmas to you” on Christmas Eve. the arrival of the brothers and sisters to perform the rituals.
In memory of those who sacrificed their lives for the independence of India, a two minute silence will be held at 11 am on 30th July,
It was also explained that if necessary the validity of the list will be extended for another 3 months.
On the allegation that the KHADC has acted hastily without consulting the Kurs, Jaits and Hima, the CEM said, “There is no need to go to those and this is what has been needed for a long time. and many want this".
In the capital, the flag of India was hoisted by the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma. The HNLC has decided to call a curfew on this day.
Shillong, Naitung 31: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today confirmed 686 new cases of COVID-19 in the state. The total number of cases in the state has risen to
In another incident, Theresa M Sangma has lodged a complaint with the police that unidentified persons have stolen solar lights from the grounds of Bandarigre RMSA School in South Garo Hills District.
Shillong, Iaiong 09: The PWD should improve the road from Mawphlang to Weiloi as it did before the elections and the government will spend T.24 crore to improve this road.
The match was played between Chidus Cricket Club and TTJ Cricket Club.
At the same time, the Central Government has also authorized the State Governments to set their own restrictions in their respective states on the amount of piat traders can store in their warehouses for the purpose of piat. the merchants and the merchants.
Shillong, Lber 22: The Dorbars of the Chief Executive Members of the Federation of Khasi States, Hynniewtrep, have been only spectators of the Election of India, and until today it is surprising that no candidates have been heard. MP and various political parties to speak on the Treaty and the promises of the Treaty.
On this occasion, the officials of Mawkhar and Wahthapbroo villages have joined hands to visit the market and to ensure that Motphran will be clean and tidy.
Referring to the EC of Bah PN Syiem in KHADC, Bah Shylla said that this will not affect the EC and now there are four MDCs who will join the NPP and after they join they will form the EC. PP of the NCP within the KHADC and it is up to the party to decide.
Other political party leaders who sent their condolences include Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma, Minister of Power James K Sangma, Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma. Sangma, they expressed their deep sorrow over the passing away of Dr.PW Khongjee.
The meeting was attended by officers from the Department of Rural Development, Department of Health, Department of Social Welfare, Department of Education, Department of Sports, Department of Law, Department of Home Affairs and Many other government departments were also present.
Shillong, July 17: The men and women athletes of West Jaintia Hills, Shillong, have shown themselves on the second day of the Meghalaya Games at Pa Togan. Nengminza Athletic Stadium, Tura.
The Minister said that there are still many PMGSY roads in the state which have not been completed even though they have been awarded to contractors to implement until 2001, many such roads are still incomplete. which have not yet been fulfilled.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya has urged the people of Assam and Meghalaya to refrain from any sudden action so that this spirit of hatred does not dwell in the hearts of the people.
The MAD Gallery of Riti Academy was sponsored by Kong Saihun Phanbuh of the Kay Eem Dee Children Centre.
Regarding the Transit Pass and the musur which belongs to the chiefs and is under the jurisdiction of the District Councils, the government has nothing to say.
It is necessary to urge the children of the thousands to take action to create opportunities in the villages to farm as much as possible in the farms and areas that are free during this time of fighting against COVID-1 part of being ready for any crisis or famine because this struggle will take time.
“The Minister has informed us that she is waiting for the report from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and within a day once the report is received she will give us a copy and the report we want should be clear. " he said.
On the other hand, the Seng strongly condemns the leaders of the West for not fighting against this leader to remove when the time has come for him to leave.
They also said that the goal of the NPP is to alleviate poverty and especially to improve the income of the people.
On this occasion, those who wanted to take part in the flag raising ceremony were entertained by the music of the BSF bands and the performance of traditional costumes by the students of BSF schools. The delegation was welcomed at Nongpoh Ri Bhoi District by the Deputy Commissioner and other government officials and the BSF Commandant 172 Bn BSF. and BSF troops, also demonstrated Yoga and cleaning equipment. On this day in Nongpoh, articles on anti-drug abuse, fight against illegal trafficking were also displayed. The purpose of the bike march and other ceremonies was to raise awareness on the dangers of drugs, smuggling at the border and in the country. At the same time, to attract youngsters especially from the border to join the BSF which is the first unit in the defense of India.
The Director said that the 20 cases of COVID-19 in South Garo Hills District today are all from Siju Damikgittim area. those who have peace and those who are still suffering.
These types of tourism have the potential to boost the economy in the areas where these activities take place and also reduce environmental and social impacts.
The move demonstrates DEPwD’s commitment to advancing justice and using technology to improve the lives of people with disabilities across the country, she added.
In a letter sent to the CEM of KHADC, Bah John recalled the letter written on 11th August 2015, in which he mentioned the problems faced by the jaidbynriew, due to the laws. Many of them have been created and have come into force because there is no special protection in the Constitution of India.
The AJYWO, the organization that stands for the rights of youth and children, expresses its gratitude to all the lawyers, from those who have led from the First Track Court, to the Meghalaya High Court and also to the District. and Session Court who have worked hard day and night to advocate for the rights of the child until she has received a fair trial.
The 100th anniversary of the Salesian Society in Ri Khasi Jaintia, began with the raising of the flag in front of Mot Don Bosco, the song of the organization and the honor of Mary, who is also the patron saint of the organization. and followed by a march from that place to the Christian Relief Society.
The youths of the village arrested him and handed him over to the KSU Mawkyrwat Circle for further investigation.
“We have received suggestions from legal experts, scholars and social scientists on how to develop the Reservation Policy and Roster System so that the communities in the state will not be affected.
Robert said that what is needed is for the state government to strengthen its security forces as a state.
The salaries of SSA and RMSA teachers will now be paid through this scheme which has been allocated by the Central Government to the State Governments to pay the salaries of teachers.
Two GNLA members were also injured in the clash but managed to escape.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: Check and secure items that can be painted in the air such as sticks, tins of oil, tins and soap, sign boards and other items that can be painted in the air. color during high winds.
“Many of the local residents know little about their surrounding compared to visitors from outside who know a whole lot more; this makes it important for us to take the initiative to learn about the environment we live in so that we can educate others to respect our surroundings and prohibit them from littering", she added.
Other speakers on the occasion were Bythygrace Dkhar, EM, EJHD, who delivered the welcome speech, and Deolangki Dkhar, EM, Waheh Shnong, Wapungskur, in a statement sent by Bah MH Dkhar, Secretary of the Kur.
With this initiative of the government, the benefit to the farmers is that they will get the same benefits as other farmers.
The other four arrested persons are currently in police custody and the search operation in the area is ongoing.
For this, the promotion of resources is essential.
