Police have conducted an investigation to find out the truth about who started the incident and what led them to this incident.
In his speech, Conrad KSangma MP from Tura said that the NPP is a party that works for the protection of Christians in India and as it is now, the NPP has said many things. These are for the protection of the Christian people in this country and the party cannot remain silent on the grounds on which the party stands.
The union has seen that many older youths have become addicted to this drug and the most dangerous thing is that those who have become addicted teach young children to drink drugs.
As part of the festival, Prime Minister Duh will launch several articles on the themes “Mere Dream of India” and “Unsung Heroes of Indian Freedom Movement”.
As the health department conducts training to the public and at the same time takes the opinions of the public, he said that there may be shortcomings, but to say that it has failed. it is unacceptable, they shall go forward to do the work.
According to the figures, 431 people have recovered from the disease today, bringing the total number of recoveries so far to
There are 510 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in the state, while 42 cases have been tested positive for COVID-19 in the state. and East Khasi Hills 15, West Garo Hills 8 and Ri Bhoi 6 cases.
Pa,im Mewel Shdap, the Syiem of the Raid, has received the invitation to complete the three-day Shat of the Raid Nongtung from 10th June 2023 to 12th June it is to preserve the unique customs and traditions of the raid.
Finally, as we have always said, we need the cooperation of the people to fight against this disease, which has no cure yet, so we urge all the people to cooperate and take action against all the media. the State Government and the Government of India.
Secretary.
Shillong, Lber 08: U Minister in charge of Rural Development, Bah Hamletson Dohling, in reply to a question by Bah George B Lyngdoh, said that the elderly who have not yet received their pension. 4493 cases in the state.
430.01 grams of heroin worth T.2.5 crore were seized from the vehicle.
On the part of the former President of India, Dr Kalam congratulated the management of the museum for the sake of the North East. Fr, Joseph Puthenpurakkal, SDB. On this occasion, Dr Kalam visited the school and talked to the students who visited the school.
However, according to the OM, it is clearly written that the policy will be valid only until 2006 which means that the construction beyond this year is illegal according to para 5 of the OM. Blei for years now has been violating the law because its existence is unauthorized and can be violated under the Meghalaya Public Premises Unauthorized Occupation Act
New Delhi, June 10: In connection with the festivities falling in the month of June 2020, the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government has directed all States and Union Territories to ensure strict compliance with the hours of June curfew to combat the spread of COVID-9 and not to allow any meetings in the villages, religious gatherings or public marches.
Amit Sinha was injured in the incident while he was on his way to Delhi for office duties assigned by the state police department.
((SP News).
Whether there are those powerful people in our state who exploit the land owners' property, there is nothing but an unfounded allegation by the NGT. imprisonment and fines of crores and lakhs of rupees for those who fight against it.
“We aim to have 3 crore Lakhpati Didi in the country and women from the North East will also benefit from this,” he added.
to create opportunities to provide rollers for the needs of VECs; 14.
Laban Bengalee Boy's Higher Secondary School has held the first position for 2022, 2023 and
Tamil Nadu table tennis coach Ramesh Babu of the Tamizagha Table Tennis Association (TTTA) said Deenadayalan Vishwa is a good player and has won many tournaments not only in India but also abroad. you country spirit.
After the inspection, a meeting was held and it was decided that the army should immediately take measures to resolve the problem faced by the people. threshold.
Referring to the website of the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, the website shows that East Khasi Hills is one of the nine districts of Meghalaya. he said that he had no knowledge of this.
The department has also warned private TV channels not to broadcast programs in which socially inappropriate, inflammatory or offensive language may affect viewers and cause to the conflict among the nations and to the destruction of peace.
More than 1 lakh 75 thousand flights are operated under this scheme.
Even after many letters of reminder , the authorities did not believe until the casual workers had to strike from 01.06.2022 to 15.06.2022 ; The Vice Chancellor of NEHU has promised to arrange for the regularization of casual employees on
Speaking to media, Dr. Ampareen said, “As the Government, we still want to see the progress of the peace talks with this illegal armed group and we want to and thou shalt not have a permanent understanding.
Therefore, there was no election because Bah Latiplang Kharkongor won uncontested, but the Chairman conducted the election; There are those who said that the resignation of Bah Teiwell Dkhar, which according to Rule 32 (7) should be withdrawn before 11.00 AM which is the time when the Council starts.
New Delhi, June 27: The Central Government has received information that some people have been spreading rumors regarding the cost of building toilets in the homes of people under the Swachh Bharat Mission scheme. public in relation to this scheme.
Lady Keane College is also an educational institution established exclusively for women.
This increase in life expectancy is due to the changes in the health services that the government has implemented over the years, through various schemes whether in the city or in the rural areas.
Rajiv Kumar said the Commission will ensure that the polling will be conducted in a fair manner and will take strong action against misleading information.
Shillong, Naitung 16: U Bah Obil Kyndait, 76, former MLA and former CEM of JHADC, Shillong, passed away at his residence in Mukhaialong. East Jaintia Hills District.
All the villages who attended the training were from 22 villages around the area. On this day, shops were also set up to showcase the schemes of the government. for the sake of the people.
This was announced by Dr KM Shyamprasad, Chancellor of the university at a meeting held on the 25th of this month.
The inspection of the football stadium coincided with the heavy rainfall which damaged the stadium which had to be repaired.
With this victory, Bah Kynjing has become the full Doloi of Jowai District.
I am happy that the transition to GST is going smoothly.
In a statement sent by the police, the police requested the public to inform the OC incharge of Sohryngkham at the control room 0364-2 9436351756.
: Three teachers teaching in various schools in the state have been awarded the State Award on the occasion of Teachers' Day in India. Former President of India Dr. S. Radhakrishnan.
Jowai, Lber 30: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF-EJH) East Jaintia Hills (JYF-EJH) has been established under the leadership of President Samla Niwasly Rymbai and General Secretary Johnson.
Jowai, July 16: Residents of Labang Nangphyllut and Pangam Raliang districts have met with the DC of KSU West Jaintia Hills District Unit.
He said that the disease can be cured if the medicine is tested for six months. The most important thing is that there is a need for cooperation between the public and the people in the field of health care. he carried it together on both sides.
“When I inquired from Delhi, I learned that the central government has sent T.119 crore for the CoVID relief but the state government says it has spent T.76 crore.
Shillong, July 24: U David Kharsati Vice President of the BJP in a statement sent today expressed his deep sorrow over the sudden passing away of Bah Honsen Lyngdoh.
On the other hand, the DC urged the students of the College to strive to keep the Sanitary Complex clean as the construction of the Sanitary Complex has been in accordance with the present era which the office has not done. I don't think this college has been built so far.
The government has already taken all the necessary measures to protect the people of the state.
Regarding their pension, they mentioned the National Pension Scheme which the central government should abolish.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: Agnes Kharshiing, one of the members of the SCAMoD, on Tuesday said that RA Sangma, who holds the post of SI, has told the commission that he has not jah as admitted by the police.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: U Bah George B Lyngdoh MLA of Umroi Constituency from the AITC today took over as the Speaker of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly.
We wish all those who have suffered from this disease to recover and have a healthy body.
The organizers of the 1st International Universal Expo 2024 have started distributing prizes to the winners of the exhibition which was held at Parking Lot Polo.
The body was immediately taken to the Civil Hospital, Shillong for post mortem examination.
The death toll has risen to 4 from East Jaintia Hills, 1 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from Ri Bhoi and 1 from West Jaintia Hills. A total of 890 people have died of the disease.
But if you give a bag, it will be your advertising medium.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Nongpluh said that the purpose of the tournament is to select the players to compete in the Bajra Tournament it shall be in the morning.
The Governor of Meghalaya has said that he will look into the matter despite the decision of the High Court of Meghalaya.
Among the mothers who took part, the eldest was Bandalin Rani.
The statement was issued by the Secretary of JAC Wapung C&RD Block, Hercules Mutyen, the Headmaster of Wapungskur, Deolangki Dkhar and the Headmaster of Wapungskur, Kduplang Ryngkhlem.
Mawphansnar, July 29: Laitlarem FC has won its Football Tournament 2018 by beating Nongspung Samla FC by tie breaker.
All those arrested are drug traffickers.
At the arrest of this man, there was a shock on the part of the people who were angry with this action of this suspect and at the same time this incident was reported to the police.
Members of MERMWU carried placards which they had already written at the site in the presence of members of KSU, FKJGP who supported the demand of the MERMWU. employees under 108 since bas dang.
Shillong, November 10: The Cabinet has sent back the Administrator Rule to the Governor because the government has found that it does not have that confidence within the KHADC. More than 1,000 people have gathered in Shillong to take part in the inauguration of the tyngshops of the Prime Minister of India, Home Minister Amit Shah, the Governor of Meghalaya. Tathagata Roy and MP from Tura Agatha K Sangma of the NPP who supported the CAB. The ruling National People's Party (NPP) has expressed its support for the CAB through its MP Agatha K Sangma in Parliament.
Do the speakers know that the Meghalaya Town and Country Planning Act 1973 has been implemented in the State since 1989 and that the boundaries of the Shillong Master Plan have been published in the Meghalaya Gazette on the 4th? January 1990, 27 years ago? If you don't know, you don't know what to say, but if you know, why don't you do it from the beginning?
"Since 2022, the department has released funds to ASHA workers. Up to T.21.89 crore has been released through the application in the last 12 months and up to T.34.50 crore has already been released. you have money in the past 18 months.
The MDA Government led by the NPP (NPP, UDP, PDF, HSPD, KHNAM, NCP, BJP and IND) is ready to introduce a resolution in the Assembly to announce the implementation of the ILP. The ruling parties should clarify whether the KHADC and JHADC authorities are ready to bring a resolution on the IOA & AA. The MDA is ready to bring a resolution on the IOA & AA instead of saying that the Government of India does not agree to talk.
The museum was built at a cost of T.50 lakh.
After receiving the letter from the land owners, the KHADC will convene the Executive Committee to take a decision to write to the State Government or, if necessary, to the Central Government.
In his speech, Dr. Mukul Sangma said that the B.Ed college in Jowai has not yet been implemented. He said that if the TMC comes to power in 2023, it will be implemented in the first month. I'm not going to college.
NEFIP will hold a public protest against the CAB in all the states of the North East and in Shillong a sit-in protest will be held from 11.00 am to 5.00 pm at the parking lot of the Additional Secretariat.
“It's a good idea to ask if you're not a Khasi.
In a statement sent by the MYAF, it is necessary to protect the identity of the Jaitbynriew without forgetting its own identity. The right to protection from government authorities is not wrong or illegal but should be in accordance with the Constitution.
“Regarding the allegation that the stashu have been removed from schools, it is not true and there has been no such decision.
He said that the MRSSA Act which was passed by the government during his tenure is sufficient to protect the people, because in this Act it is not only for foreigners but also for foreigners. There are no rules in this law.
Bernita R. Marak, General Secretary of the Crime Council, Achick, said that the Crime Council today held a meeting in Baghmara to discuss the roster and to demand that Tura be made the capital. and the state.
The DC promised to find ways and means to hold a district level for the dancers and also to bring in foreign judges so that the area can develop in the field of dance.
At such a time, we don't need any financial support or what you call “Rehabilitation Packages” for the HNLC,” he said.
The Minister has invited the SSMP to meet again on 3rd July 2021 to discuss the issue in detail in the presence of officers and leaders of the Mawlai Youth Wing. .
The body of Dr Donkupar will be laid to rest tomorrow morning at his residence which is a government building for one day and on the 30th it will be taken to his village Shella. , according to a statement sent by the office of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly.
“I would like to thank the law enforcement agencies who have tried to work hard from time to time and we have witnessed the seizure of these alcoholic beverages from public vehicles, from Government vehicles which will cause loss of confidence. why do they happen," he said.
The union requests the District Administration to allow the opening of markets in the district so that the farmers can sell their produce as usual to increase the income of the farmers. court within the District.
He also served as Assistant Parish Priest from 2000 to 2002 and as Parish Priest from 2002 to 2007 at the Parish Church of the Holy Spirit, Ummulong.
The police have fired tear gas at these teachers including the female teachers and their children which has also caused injury to some teachers. can be accepted.
Speaking at Mann Ki Baat, Prime Minister Narendra Modi spoke about the Self Help Library, which was opened at Rayo village in Nirjuli, Arunachal Pradesh.
Whether those buildings benefit the people or not will be the ultimate measure of economic development.
PN Syiem said that the Hima has been handed over by a few people without the consent of the Hima Jirang to run the village affairs.
Shillong, Naitung 31: There is no wealth in the world to pay for the bih caused by the mining and collection of mineral resources where there are no scientists or intellectuals on this earth who can protect human life from this lyer. bih and which is also a curse for the life of mankind on this earth for the present and future generations.
These programs include the revival of traditional games that Kiang Nangbah used to enjoy as a child including dad moo ñiaw, iahai, rah mookhrah, iatan tylle, sword shooting and others.
Shillong, November 19: The villagers of Nongrimmaw and Lumsohra districts have protested against the repair of the road at Garolane on the 18th of this month which leads to Umlping.
Jowai, Naiwieng 14: The Principal of Kiang Nangbah Govt College Jowai has been accused of refusing to accept the RTI request by Justice Paul Lyngdoh. Union (KNGCSU) has been appointed by the Principal of this College.
Shillong, Lber 31 : The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Tuesday said that if they act against the feelings of the people of Bri Hynniewtrep, we will not tolerate them at all. Lber 2024 has gone to give holiday to banks and others who operate on this day which is the holy day of Christians especially Easter Sunday.
Shillong, November 09: U Dr DD Lapang, the leader of the Congress party, who has emerged in the past few months, today announced that he will join the National People's Party (NPP) at a public meeting. long in Nongpoh.
Police of Jowai Police Station arrived in time and arrested Dharmendra Kumar Shah.
The VHP leader said there is a suspicion that the bomb blast in Bodh Gaya may have been caused by Bangladeshis who entered the area through Assam and reached the area because even in Chennai when they were arrested. The thieves are Bangladeshis.
In a brief interview with the organisers, she expressed her intention to celebrate this achievement with special programmes.
Police said that if anyone has any information about the incident, please contact the Madanriting police station at
Dima Hasao District is a tribal district in the state of Assam.
There are 138 cases in East Khasi Hills, 108 cases in Eastern West Khasi Hills, 2 cases in North Garo Hills, 2 cases in Ri Bhoi, 1 case in South Garo Hills and 1 case in South West Garo. Hills 2, West Garo Hills 13, West Jaintia Hills 6 cases.
The Seng will continue to monitor and will not allow foreigners to enter our area illegally and we urge all those who bring in employees to provide proper documents. .
Shillong, Iaiong 28: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya today said that the government will spend T.121 crore for the construction of office buildings in 46 blocks across the state. The foundation stone for the construction of Bajengdoba C&RD Block in North Garo Hills District.
Nehimaya Tyngkan, in his speech, expressed his gratitude.
This system fails to provide information to farmers so that they can make the right decisions.
Shillong, July 13: The Ministry of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, today said that the Ministry of Agriculture is currently preparing a policy on agriculture in Meghalaya. However, the Ministry of Agriculture has made progress in this regard.
Also present were the Rangbah Shnongs of Mawsynram Hima, the Riew Rangbah and the Samla Rangbah who are responsible for their own Hima which has started to collapse for many reasons.
Those who have tested positive but have no symptoms should stay at home for five days according to the permission of the Ministry of Health and WHO,” said Bah Tynsong. .
He started this business in 2016 and has used Flying8 Loom machines and has been making jain from ksai from the state.
The death toll has risen to 12, including 11 in East Khasi Hills and one in West Garo Hills, bringing the total number of deaths to
Mairang, Naitung 18: U Bah PN Syiem, Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, today attended a public meeting in Mairang on the occasion of the 181st death anniversary of the great Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Tirot Singh. Syiem, “If you are in any position, use your power to protect the nation.
Shillong, Naieng 10: U Minister of Home Affairs, James K Sangma, today visited Agnes Kharshiing and Amita Sangma who are currently undergoing treatment at NEIGRIHMS Hospital Shillong.
Our nation is one that we cannot divide into Khasi, Garo and Jaintia but within Meghalaya we are one.
Even if it belongs to the Smart City, we cannot accept such a building.
When asked about this, the CEM replied how.
In his speech, the Chief Minister said that this road will bring about a change in the income of the people in the area.
Apbor Nongrum President of HPF RI Bhoi District said that the HPF demands that the company constructing the bridge should provide safety belts to the workers to avoid accidents. happened today.
Marbarisha M.Pdah, 44, has prepared herself to compete in the Meghalaya Games 2024 with her daughter Toiaibha M.Pdah. , 24, will compete in the Senior Women's Category in the 10 Meter and 50 Meter Rifle Events and the 10 Meter and 25 Meter Pistol Events.
If we are going to talk about how to improve and protect the country and the Khasi people, we need to start from the new traditional rule of Shnong, Raid and Hima.
Laitkor didn't miss a chance and in the 63rd minute Sondy F Kharkongor scored the second goal in the 66th minute and Risuklang Malngiang in the 79th minute. through Ryngkat Yanni Ringksai.
The Deputy Commissioner said that she will hold a meeting with the CPC together with the MPCB to raise the issue. inform the government authorities.
The event was attended by male and female students, elderly and women and members of the Meghalaya Pensioners' Association.
Jambor War has been appointed to the post of Market and Dohkha.
Also present on the occasion were MLA Embhahlang Syiemlieh, MDC PT Sawkmie and the Director of Arts and Culture.
In the presence of the office bearers of the Union, the women's organizations from the four religious districts of Pynthorumkhrah, Laitumkhrah, Nongthymmai, Nongmynsong and Mawpat.
They won us by that trick to deceive our MLAs and they will be able to rule peacefully.
“The Government's lack of attention to direct the NHAI/NHIDLC to improve the National Highway-6 has caused the residents to suffer from respiratory diseases especially children during these rainy months.
On the other hand, KHNAM said that many of the employees of mobile companies have not been paid according to the rules of the company but have been paid at one price.
Jana took this step to fight for the rights of the people who voted in this election after he found out through RTI that the Sub-Divisional Officer Mairang Sub Division has not paid to the polling officers of There are 2 polling stations in Mairang and Mawthadraish.
Kong Nongrang will serve in the Police Department until 19th June,
The Government also requests all the residents to support and cooperate fully with the Government as all these things have happened in all the districts of the state and any attempt to intimidate and disrupt, the Police have investigated and will take strict action against all those involved.
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.'s speech on suffering and how people are discriminated against in their own country in America and Dr. King used the Bible on how to love and bring peace. between the whites and the whites in America.
In this incident, the residents and members of the VDP arrested the suspect and at the same time the police also rushed to the scene but when the police arrived. He was tortured by the people who were in that place with the ring of Bdio.
Any language to be included in the 8th Schedule of the Constitution of the country must first be amended within the State Government. he is an MP in Parliament.
At the same time, the Seng has demanded that the Chairman of the MSPCB should conduct a thorough investigation through their office into the Coke factory and also according to the rules of the EIA. “The Coke factory has not been closed down yet. Even if it takes years, the party will stand firm on the basis that the people will be able to live in peace and breathe clean air,” said the statement.
Shillong, July 23: U Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem today appointed the Executive Members of the Executive Committee. Appointments and others that have not yet been given to other Em.
The DGP of Meghalaya Police has urged to spread the message to bring unity in the country and to instill the spirit of patriotism among the people and this will also bring the honor of the children. youth and to encourage them to join the BSF and other armed forces to defend the country.
The KDA hopes that the KDA will not boycott the 2018 election, but should take full part, so that we can give a correct answer to these leaders who do not know their deity.
Seeing that this anger has led to protests in many ways, the KJCLF urges the members of various ethnic groups and groups in our State and abroad to maintain peace and harmony. in attempts to overcome many difficulties that cannot be achieved by violence.
The Dorbar Ri will continue to demand the inclusion of the IOA & AA in the Constitution of India in the Article or Schedule and to continue the demand for a special non-party Council for the Dorbar Shnongs, Raids. and Hima in the State of Meghalaya.
“We understand that only the ILP is the right law to protect and act as a strong barrier to prevent the illegal entry and invasion of foreigners and foreign authorities which is a threat and injury. “It's a good idea for the indigenous people and the state as a whole,” said Auguster Jyrwa.
The Executive Committee which met in Shillong on 20/12/2020 to discuss this issue, at this meeting, Bah Skingford Nongbri sent a letter of resignation from the ticket application. The Executive Committee has accepted the resignation of the MDC from the 26-Langrin MDC Constituency.
“Before 2013, the delimitation was done only by the Executive Committee but in 2013, the Governor has ordered that it should be done thoroughly so that there will be no corruption,” said Dy. Byrnihat village in Meghalaya has emerged as one of the most polluted villages in India in 2023, followed by Begusarai in Bihar and Greater Noida in Uttar Pradesh, according to a report. released on Tuesday.
The problems faced by the people in the rural areas are health facilities, roads, education, jobs, sanitation. government to inform them.
The current DIG of BSF UK Nayal worked with Commandant Taygi during his first appointment in Punjab and Kashmir.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the CEM of JHADC said that the monthly salary of the employees of JHADC is about Rs 4 crore. The release of the Council's share in April and November has led to the non-payment of salaries to the employees.
The Government is well aware of this and Roshan Warjri, Minister of Home Affairs, has worked hard to persuade the Central Government to accept this proposal from the State Government so that the investigation can be strong. offenders can be punished.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said that we have moved from 10th to 5th position in the last 7-8 years.
Most of those who came to take part in this march today were from Jowai.
Due to the absence of the CMD, the KSU has met with Bah SB Umdor Chief Engineer Project of MePDCL. The state has appointed private companies to operate them and this company is known as M/s Broadcasting Engineering Consultant India Limited from Noida.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: Police from East Khasi Hills District today arrested a 45-year-old man from Umsherpi Bridge and seized 940 rounds of Nitrazepam IP 10 mg.
It is unfounded to demand this tax suddenly especially when the college has been established since the time of the British rule.
Thambou, Smt.
The first GST was held in Glasgow in 2021 and will end at the Climate Change Conference in Dubai, UAE (at COP 28).
The protest was held by the banks this morning and they put up posters at the banks and according to these posters which the SP News Agency received from one of the banks in Shillong, it reads: to oppose government aggression against workers.
At the same time, the party expresses its gratitude to Dr Mukul Sangma for promising to clean up the road from Markasa to Mawphanlur which is about 5 kilometers long. He was in charge of rural development works received by the BDMC members in the two blocks of Mairang and Mawthadraishan C7RD Block.
India will take 67 years to reach $3.5 trillion in trade and in the last eight years alone, India's trade has increased by $2 trillion and in the last five years it has increased by $3 trillion.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: The National People's Party (NPP) will soon announce its candidates for the MP election, said Prestone Tyngsong, state president of the party.
There are 77 recoveries from the disease today, 697 cases in the state, 56 cases admitted to hospitals so far. sun.
Shillong, July 25: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War today said that two persons from East Khasi Hills District have tested positive for COVID-1 There are 104 cases in the state.
The GHSMC had tried to meet with the Prime Minister of India, Mr Narendra Modi, but due to the busy schedule of the Prime Minister, the meeting was postponed. The petition was submitted to the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kiren Rijiju.
We have added an additional 22 categories of businesses under the new laws, and because of this PACS are now unable to shut down and profit significantly.
““The Prime Minister should immediately stop interfering with the functioning of the Lokayukta office which is an independent and fearless body.
Regarding this, the Dorbar Shnong in its meeting held on 14th October 2019 has suggested that this road should be named in the name of the former Rangbah Shnong Bah Dapstarlin Mawlong. years of service as Rangbah Shnong or in the name of Bah HS Lyngdoh, one of the oldest leaders who has ever served as Rangbah Shnong.
Shillong, Naitung 02: The Joint Secretary to the Union Government, Ministry of Rural Development, Aparajita Sarangi, on Tuesday visited Sadew and Mawklot to inspect the implementation of schemes in the rural areas under MGNREGS. the day those who came were from shiphew provinces.
This work is too difficult to do.
Tourism should be the source of employment for our youth in the service of receiving and providing tourists whether in their accommodation, travel and also in the ecotourism which we can see examples like in Goa and other tourist destinations abroad,” he added.
During the meeting, the Chief Minister requested the support of the Minister of Defense to allocate the containment free areas of the army to the government for the improvement of the containment areas. city ​​of Shillong.
Shillong, November 17: The Minister in charge of Road Construction, Martin M Danggo, on Tuesday said that the delay in completion of the bridge at Riat Mawniuh under Mawsynram PWD Division is due to the lack of steel bars. The bridge had to be sent separately from the state of Orisa.
The Raid Nongtung Dorbar decided to hold the festival at its meeting held on 26th June this year and set up the Raid Nongtung Arts & Culture Committee.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The National Highway Authority of India (NIH) has awarded the contract for the construction of this road to Leasing & Financial Services (ILFS) Ltd. Transfer (BOT).
The committee will be headed by the Chief Minister, Sniawbhalang Dhar. Other members of the committee are Lahkmen Rymbui, MLA Amlarem Constituency, Nujorki Sungoh, MLA Mowkaiaw Constituency. Thombor Shiwat, CEM, JHADC, MDC Barato-Mukroh, JHADC and Deputy Commissioner West Jaintia Hills District as the convener of the meeting.
Jowai, July 29: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) Central Body has welcomed the resignation of the President of Saipung Circle Mr. Zosiama Thianglai. At the same time, the JYF Saipung Circle expresses its gratitude to the people of Saipung area who have been waiting for him for the MDC election 2014. We hope that Ma Zosiama Thianglai, although he has reached a higher position, will not forget the leader of the Seng. Establish.
Five working presidents of the party were elected at the meeting, namely Paul Lyngdoh, Titos Chyne, Nujorki Syngoh, Lakmen Rymbui, Donbok Khyndeit, Rikman Sangma, LC Momin and Reniktone Tongkhar.
The Government is not that it has not taken action, but it has taken action because it is necessary to connect Assam and Meghalaya. from Dhubri in Assam and to join Meghalaya in Phulbari.
The GSU has written to the government through Parliamentary Secretary Noverfield R. Marak to convey the grievances of the people of the area who have been dying for two years. violate the rules of distribution of drinking water in the state.
The union also expressed its gratitude to the teachers, parents and schools.
Mairang, Jymmang 15: Thousands of people have gathered for the Fourth Special People's Parliament on the occasion of the Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya. The meeting was held today from 10.00 am to 3 pm on the 13th February 2013 at Madan Tirot Singh. , Mission Mairang, Syiemship, West Khasi Hills District (44 Kms from Shillong) to discuss the survival of the Constitution of India (26 January 1950-26 January 2013) which has been amended more than 100 times), and when the Dorbar Shnongs, Raids and Himas and the treaties and promises – 16 July 1947, 9, 13, 14 August 1947, 15 December 1947 and 17 August (IOA & AA), which have been agreed and signed between the Government of India and the Hima Khasi States have not yet appeared – in accordance with the Indian Independence Act 1947, under the Constitution of India. The first meeting was held on 14 January 2004 in Smit, Khyrim Hima, the second meeting was held on 6 October 2007 in Mawphlang Hima and the third meeting was held on 14 November 2011 in Asanangre, West Garo Hills. –Initially, a prayer was delivered by Pastor SL Nongrum, and a prayer in Garo by Pa J Marak, Secy Jengal Unit.
The Chief Secretary of the State also extended his condolences to those border guards who have involved and killed the contractors.
Shillong, Lber 28: The National President of the National People's Party (NPP), Conrad K Sangma, who is also the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today left to campaign for the party candidates in the northern parts of Garo Hills.
Therefore, the District does not want to put the members, players and supporters of all the teams at risk of infection from this disease. .
Today, 206 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills and 349 people have recovered from the disease in the district.
He also said that those who want to fly the flag of the country have a shop in Jowai where they can get it at a low price. The District Administration has decided to launch the flag of the country in all households to make Jowai a Model Town on the 15th of this month.
This was announced by Gary Mawlieh, Publicity Secretary, KSU Mawlai Circle.
It is learned that the police who went to the area yesterday to visit the place where there are uranium waste dumps and according to their information they said that there is no escape from the water. During the visit, the police also met with the owners of the land who have allocated the land.
At this time it is necessary to maintain peace and order in the village, the justice and laws will do what is necessary, at the same time send our condolences to the families of the deceased. this suffering and sorrow and expects that there will be peace.
I congratulate all the party workers who have brought about this victory".
There are many villages in Mawrynrew constituency but they are in Mawryngkneng block like Madanlangning, Mawpyrshong, Warmatlah, Mawber, Umsaw and Thadan. The road to Mawryngkneng has created many problems for the people who don't have to go for various purposes.
The same bus will return to Nongstoin from Shillong at 3 pm from Sohra Iew Mawlong stand and will start parking at this place from 1 pm until 3 pm. pm in the evening.
The Police Department has also sent a letter to the State Government requesting them to repair this road.
Meanwhile, in connection with the case registered at Mawlai Police Station on the murder of Arjun Ray, police have arrested Gary Rinaldy Mawlieh, 25, resident of Mawlai Mawroh.
In the capacity of Bah Latiplang, the Governor has to recognize him even if the government recognizes him. When he appoints the EMs, he has to go to court to get the recognition of the four EMs. Shillong, Lber 25: Shillong, Lber 25: Shillong, Lber 25: Shillong, Lber 25: Shillong, Lber 25: Shillong, Lber 25: Shillong, Lber 25: Those working in the health department, MeECL, Municipal, PHE, PWD and journalists have applied for curfew pass from the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District.
Wansuk was accompanied by MPCC President DD Lapang, Debor C Marak, AICC Secretary for Meghalaya Vijaylakshni Sadho and several Congress workers.
They vowed to hold a stronger protest if they do not see a reply from the DC. (SP News).
On the other hand, the TMC has alleged that the government with two engines has not been able to provide justice to the people of Meghalaya, the teachers have not seen those good days as they should have. The NPP and the BJP have come together to run Meghalaya.
Air Vice Marshal Sudhir Rai, Principal Medical Officer, Eastern Air Command,  u  Group Captain MA Sridhar VSM, Commanding Officer, Eastern Air Command (Unit).
The march was to condemn the rape of a child on 16/June/2024 at the Chenga Benga Mela festival at Gandhipara village near Garobadha where the perpetrators raped a child.
For information on any death of pigs, please call 9863316850/ 9436119910/
The VPP also wants to make it clear to the Chief Minister Conrad Sangma and the Deputy Chief Minister Shri Prestone Tynsong that the land in the border areas is not their own property and therefore they cannot. “We are ready to decide as we please,” said Ardent Basaiawmoit, President of the VPP in a statement.
According to this, those who break the law will be fined T.5000/- tyngka.
They feel that the earth and heaven already belong to them, even their God will not dare to ask for mercy even to send away their hearts and souls.
Shillong, June 27: The President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU), Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar, on Tuesday said that the union has sent a clear message to the state government that it should not listen to the demands of the Harijans. in Them Mawlong Market.
Police have arrested four persons with T.34,000 cash and an Alto vehicle which was also seized from the villagers. Police have registered a case against them at Umsning Police Station. .
Damang is one of the 75,000 Scouts and Guides who have been selected to represent the world from 170 countries in the world. for the whole of India as well as for the state.
In the sohphan competition, 61 women and 164 men took part.
Welcome speech was delivered by Paiem Father Manik Syiemlieh, Syiem of Hima Khyrim, who briefly told about the history of Hima Khadsawphra (Nongkhlaw). special  for Hon’ble Shri.Pranab Mukherjee, President of India,  Hon’ble VK Chandra Deo, Union Minister for Tribal Affairs, Government of India, Hon’ble Smt.
This demand of the Seng is well founded and benefits the State Government and can also be challenged before the High Court as the Supreme Court has recently issued an order to pay compensation to Lafarge Umiam Pvt Ltd. mining in the forest areas in the Shella area.
The opening ceremony for the visit to the Raj Bhavan will be only on the 8th of this month from 3 pm to 5 pm. night.
The problem is that although the Government's Animal Husbandry Department has this department, it is only in the urban areas, its offices in the rural areas have turned into houses and there is a shortage of of staff to see if the public needs medicines during the time of pig sickness.
The Khasi Authors' Society was established in 1978 and followed the Khasi Department at NEHU as well as in various universities and even civil society organizations. the root of the Khasi language.
The KSU leader expressed his surprise that even near the KHADC office, foreigners are willing to work without proper documents.
“You can go to your Block offices or nearest CHC/PHC to link your MHIS to your Aadhaar card,” said the statement.
MeECL should set up an inquiry to find out if there are really people involved in the theft of electricity and punish them according to the law.
Such an incident happened last year, when the party had to stand up and demand the removal and removal of a foreigner who claimed to be the owner of the land.
and March 8th, 9th, and 10th, 2024 from 6:00 AM to 11:00 PMEmergency service vehicles will be allowed access.
“The District Council has been working for us Khasi and not for other ethnic groups,” she said.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Sohiong Circle today met with the Sub Divisional District Education Officer of East Khasi Hills District, Bah JA Marwein to demand that he should re-appoint Teldaris Nongbri.
The MPSC shall announce the vacancies, examine the applications, accept the applications, conduct the examination, call for the interview and that too depends on the availability of vacancies.
Shillong, July 25: U Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui today opening the 100th Anniversary of the Unitarian Church in Nongthymmai said that churches should bring about change in the world. in the state.
Shillong, Naitung 07: Six persons, three from East Khasi Hills District and one from Ri Bhoi District, have tested positive for COVID-19, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek today said. All of them are in quarantine facilities.
After the Question Hour, the Speaker informed the House that he has received a letter of no confidence in the government signed by 40 MLAs, Dr Mukul Sangma, Zenith. Sangma, George B Lyngdoh and nine other MLAs from the Congress party.
Shillong, March 29: Shillong Police today arrested a man from his residence in Nongrim Hills and seized 23.56 grams of heroin.
", said Phasmon Dkhar.
Speaking to SP News Agency, KSU General Secretary Samla Albinus Lamurong said that after talks with the KSU leaders, the DC has promised that tomorrow morning. He will call the management of Dalmia Cement to talk to them about the closure.
Almost all the people in the rural and urban areas raise pigs and this pig farming is only one of the ways to fill the shortage in the households over the years and to sell the pigs on time. I don't have anything to do with the church in my home.
At present, there are many types of markets that traders use to sell and buy in the market. Most of the markets that the people see are the tangrajur, or the well-known pylla, the pond, the Electronic weighing machines are the most popular weighing machines.
Introducing the Bill 2018, the CEM of KHADC said that the KHADC has introduced the Bill on the basis of the powers conferred on the Khasi Hills Autonomous District. The Christian Marriage Act 1872 is implemented by the KHADC by issuing licenses to pastors to marry.
They were identified as Akhilesh Kumar Rai and Bikash Kumar Rai, 18 years old.
“I as the incident commander and in charge of this area it is my duty to send this message to the people to let them know that in this fight they are not alone they are all working together for one cause. “It's a good idea to clean up and get rid of this COVID-19 pandemic,” said Martina.
This method of generating electricity such as solar, wind and waste to make this method of electricity generation successful requires awareness among the people.
KSU Byrnihat Circle together with FKJGP Byrnihat Circle have cleaned up the Umtrew Dam at the same time they have planted trees and erected signboards.
The office bearers of the KSU Mukroh Unit were sworn in as President, Samla Lamsuk Sten General Secretary, Samla Bhamon Talang Asst GS, Samla Karlis Nartiang Vice President, Samla Ranly Dkhar Organizing Secretary, Samla Hopingstone Muskut Education Secretary. Karmi Sten, Office Secretary, Samla Damon Sten, Sports Secretary and about 30 EC Members.
At 9.30 pm, the Khon Raij will take the Village Symbood from Loomsoing to the Chiliang Village Hall.
According to sources, Opposition Leader Conrad K Sangma will release the election manifesto in the presence of the party president and its candidates.
Modi also spoke about the collaborations between Indian universities in other countries and the opening of new campuses like Deakin and Wollongong.
During the meeting, Bah Sanbor Shullai spoke to the Union Minister regarding many of the schemes that the state government has sent in relation to development works in the state. who are from the World Trade Organization.
Referring to the village of Kongthong which has a tradition of calling its name by siaw, and the singing groups in each village, the Prime Minister praised the contribution of the state in the field of arts and culture. put you time.
Speaking on the discussion on this issue, Myntri Rangbah Duh congratulated all those who have taken part in taking this decision for the benefit of the students after talks with those who have part in this work from all over the country.
Speaking on the occasion of the virtual seminar, the Governor said that such workshops are very important as many people still lack knowledge about the North East.
Police are conducting a search operation for the suspect who escaped from the jail today. The question is how long the workers will be able to cut the silver bars.
The party feels that it is urgent especially to curb the entry of foreigners due to the NRC in Assam.
The decision of the Hon'ble Court has stated that under Article 16(4) the percentage of employment should not exceed 50%.
He said that he is proud to learn that the Seng Kut Snem has turned 123 years old to preserve the culture and traditions of the Khasi and Pnar people. keep up to date even in the midst of the changing of time.
During the raid, the suspect was arrested and an AK-47 rifle, 14 unused rounds of ammunition, a Bike number AS 27 D 2482 from his residence was also seized.
The HYC said that if it rains heavily for days and months, the residents of Shella Village and the entire area will have to live in darkness.
When Bah Warjri saw the incident and the dumper fled, he drove behind the truck and wrote down the number plate of the vehicle and immediately informed the police. With the help of this man, police have arrested the truck.
In the presence of Sngawbha Dhar MLA Nartiang, Justine Dkhar MLA Khliehriat, Stephanson MLA Amlarem, MDCs of JHADC, many Waheh Shnongs from other parts of the country. Leaders of the Ryngbah Shnong of Bri u Hynniewtrep and others at the meeting conducted by Mr. LC Ryngkhlem R.O.JHADC. They have been reinstated after being dismissed by the Meghalaya High Court in
The State Data Center (SDC) in Manipur has now started to be moved to the cloud platform.
Shillong, Lber 09: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya today dismissed the Cabinet, the Finance Ministry and the Home Ministry to Bah Prestone Tynsong. Symbut Chief Minister of the State.
“In addition to not being poor people, we make modest wages to support our family and work long hours.
Referring to the 15 Agro-Climatic Zones and six seasons in the country, Prime Minister Duh said India has ancient experience in agriculture.
Lalremsanga was arrested without grounds in 2013 in connection with the seizure of drugs despite having a license to smuggle drugs.
The festival was held at Sohliya, Umsning, Ri Bhoi District, Iewpynsing, Nohron and East Khasi Hills. District, Kynktieh, Syntung, East Khasi Hills District, and Darechikgre, West Garo Hills District.
When inquired, Bah Sniawbhalang said that the Regional Committees have decided to submit their reports to their respective State Governments by April this year.
One of the more important issues, is livestock marketing.
How can the CEM and EMs of GHADC dare to waste hundreds of crores of public money without the knowledge and understanding of the party leaders?
It is at this time that the candidate and his party are in need of medicine.
“If the government shows the will to implement our demands, which is similar to the way the Indian government did in the partition of Jammu and Kashmir, then we can accept to give confidence to the authorities. government.
Besides, former Chief Secretary Bah WMS Pariat and other dignitaries were also present at the home of Bah Khongwir.
Just to get a large house you have to provide public land, because it falls within the seventh grade and people living within the seventh grade have many benefits.
Speaking to reporters, KHNAM Working President Thomas Passah said the reason why the party has not nominated its own candidate is because the KHNAM wants to focus on the MDC elections in Khasi Hills Autonomous District. Council (KHADC).
“You unite the country in unity in thought and goal and this is also the great strength of our freedom movement," he said.
Mario Pathaw has been selected for the Crystal Gayle Mattithaw Award 2020, for his outstanding achievements in photography. miscellaneous.
He said that South West Garo Hills district, which is close to Bangladesh, has been used by the insurgents to kidnap people because of its proximity to Bangladesh.
He said that the fighting has been going on for three months and during these three months all the Bangladeshis are in East Pakistan to fight against the Pakistani troops with the help of the rebel groups. Present-day Bangladesh, in this battle, saw fierce fighting and in this battle the Pakistani troops were defeated.
Williamson State University, Lambokstar said that before taking any final decision, the union will meet with various principals to get their opinion.
The number of recoveries has risen to 70 in the state and the number of returnees has risen to 23,0
: The Police Department on Tuesday announced a reward of 10 lakh tyngka to anyone who can provide detailed information for the arrest of anyone involved in the robbery. IED bomb exploded in Them Iewmawlong on Saturday night.
In his speech, Dr Pakyntein also expressed his regret over the extinction of plants due to the destruction of forests.
In this regard, the council has already sent a letter to the District Transport Officer of East Khasi Hills District on 13th November 2023 and also to the Secretary of the State Transport Authority.
He spoke to various sections of the community from nurses, athletes, journalists and those who run radio programmes, to encourage them to spread the information, that he received information from , that he would understand their perspectives, and that he would be able to use their knowledge.
Through unity, we will move forward to become a great country, and through disunity, we will be destroyed without thinking.
Shillong, Nailur 11: The General Executive Council (GEC) of the United Democratic Party (UDP) today elected Bah Metbah Lyngdoh as the President of the party.
The meeting was held to demand the postponement of the selection test for the class 10 students who will sit for the SSLC examination in
Shillong, Lber 18: Answering a question by Dr Jemino Mawthoh, the Minister in charge of Excise, Zenith Sangma, said that the government has no intention of introducing a law on kyad pyrsi. The Minister's answer was yes and this is in Jaintia Hills.
He said that the method of quarrying is similar to the time of the ancients when they used lyngka, borsha and kiki others without using machines. juk not mint.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: Education Now should create jobs and not look for jobs.
It is to be recalled that this case arose from the filing of a case by a man named Lawyerson War with PIL No. 18/2019 and MC (PIL) No. 5/2
The village had to submit the letter again.
However, if there were any of our people who could do this work, we would have introduced them first.
It was also found that the robbers had already cut off the CCTV camera and the bell that used to be used when there were criminals.
The G20 should recognize that space technology solutions play a major role in such progress in every country and the world as a whole, he said.
l, but this has not happened anymore and now it is necessary to introduce this Act in the district councils as soon as possible.
Not only that, the border issue with Assam, all the coal mining issues turn to the District Council because of the rights entrusted to it under the Sixth Schedule. The State does not have the right to vote for the District Council.
The Chief Minister said that it is necessary to consider why the demand for ILP has come like this. He said that if all the states demand the implementation of the ILP, what will happen to those who want to go to that state?
Shillong, Nialar 26: The Government of Meghalaya today informed the public that the fertilizer for use in some parts of the state which has been recognized by the Government will be purchased from the MECOFED. ).
At present, the state has a shortage of female police officers in the rank of Sub Inspector and in the rank of langrud.
On the other hand, the Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs, Bah Shakliar Warjri said, “I stand here before you as the Minister of Sports, with a strong spirit to see the start of the 5th The Meghalaya Games, which was organized by all government agencies, volunteers and athletes, has been a source of inspiration for the Olympics. to cover the whole State.
Point-of-care treatment is essential for an at-risk country like hers, where testing facilities are limited especially in rural areas of the country, travel voluntary self-test is also limited.
“Now the weather conditions are suitable for planting and we have decided to conduct tree planting to commemorate the elections.
In order for the Dorbar Shnongs to be able to legislate and participate in the legislation, others are to look after the poor, to improve agriculture, to talk to the leaders of Mawkynrew, Mawryngkneng, and Nongkrem to get a central location to set up colleges, hospitals, agricultural dispensaries, and others for the entire Mylliem-Khyrim Lum area.
Replying to a question on the loss of the North Eastern States due to the GST, Chairman of the Empower Committee, Rathar said that there is a committee that is still working. count now and to say how much the loss is yet to be told.
On this occasion, some speakers at a public meeting at the parking lot of the Additional Secretariat carried placards demanding that the government should pay their salary which has been remaining for three months. affect their own household.
Besides the demand for a salary increase, Bah Kharraswai said the Union has informed the Minister of Health and Family Welfare regarding the quarters of the EMRI-108 employees who have been destroyed. which don't even have electricity, which are flooded and put in danger of injury to the workers.
It is also worth mentioning that the sohtrun from this state is high in sugar content (brix value of 16-18) and low in yield.
This is perfectly fine and can be a shirtless place.
During this time of pandemic, the Government is with the poor and provides for their basic needs as a friend, said Myntri Rangbah Duh.
Speaking on the occasion were Dr Debjani Roy, Advisor, Quality Council, Government of India, Dr BP Sarma, Prof. HOD, Kayachikitsa, Government Ayurvedic College, Guwahati and Dr Shantanu Kr.
It is learned that the cyclone has affected all districts of the state, damaged houses, farms and livestock, but no one has been able to report the damage. knowing that there will be no other tragedy.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Samla Lambokstar Marngar urged the students who come to study and work in New Delhi not to neglect their purpose and goals and to remember the manners and dignity. thymmei does not come.
“Before taking a final decision, we will look into the proposal submitted by the KHADC to the Central Government in 2013 and the proposals submitted by the State Government in 2013 and secondly. in the year
Such persons must be given special permission to live in the City.
Shillong, Naitung 23: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma, today held a meeting at the Meghalaya Secretariat, Shillong.
“The State has now reached 84.33% out of 10% in ODF Plus in just six months.
Shillong, Naitung 31: The Deputy Labor Commissioner's Office together with the District Child Protection Officer, West Khasi Hills District have raided places suspected of child labor. children working in restaurants in New Nongstoin.
The office of SDO Mariang has also announced the prizes for the winners of the Online Music Video competition. T.2000/- and T.1000/- for three.
Speaking at the meeting, Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem, after handing over the certificate to Bah Zubestar Kharbuki, urged the Minister Kharbuki not to forget the kur and the rules and regulations of the khadar. They shall respect and obey the orders and instructions of the Dorbar of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima.
She also urged the youth to keep away from these kinds of evils and to avoid them, as they affect the lives of people.
Witting Mawsor said that William Carry tried to teach the Khasi writing language but he used Bengali. Alexander Berth tried to do this but he too used Bengali. The Bengoli language was invented by Thomas Jones who wrote the Khasi alphabet using the Roman alphabet which is now available and this Khasi alphabet has now reached 175 years.
Speaking to SP News Agency, CEM of JHADC, Bah Madonbai Rymbai, said that Violet has won the election for Deputy Chairman of JHADC. shai and sun.
Shillong, July 03: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) led by its President Jersom Shylla and its members today met with the DGP, Idashisha Nongrang and submitted a petition to the DGP. It is with many issues related to Jaintia Hills.
Besides, the most sad and shocking thing for the Jaidbynriew is the murder of Rangbah Tyngshain Mukhim who lives in Khlieh Umwang.
In a statement sent to the media, it said that through RTI since 4th July 2013, they have followed up and found many schemes which have not been implemented according to the allocation but have been misused. The SRWP and ISYDP schemes have been rejected by the party.
At the same time, he said that the Central Government is ready to assist the State Government to strengthen the Statistics Department of the Meghalaya Government. The Central Government has already allocated 10 lakh tyngka for the DPR.
The Chief Minister said that one person who worked in Guwahati came back on the 24th of this month and after testing positive, he is from Ri Bhoi District. Mawlong-Nongtlu village.
Ampareen urged the Speaker to convene a meeting of the High Power Committee of the Legislative Assembly to discuss the incident. the house of the council is broken.
He said that the government will purchase 200 expensive Enova vehicles and the government will provide 50% and 50% of the beneficiaries will have to withdraw in collaboration with banks in the form of Ram.
The Charantala Temple in West Garo Hills is an important place of worship for the Hajong and Koch communities in the area and attracts many foreigners.
This was announced by the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi.
At the program of the state to celebrate Jan Jatiya Gaurav Divas (Tribal Pride) held at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong.
The vehicle was shot down but the occupants of the vehicle escaped injury.
You will find those people punished according to the law if there are those people who are willing to take a human life.
The deceased was identified as Rishanlang Muktieh, 25, of Ladlasharai village, Ri Bhoi District.
During the inspection, it was found that there is a water shortage in the classrooms from the ground floor of the building.
However, Bah Rymmai said, “When the owner of the house, when something happens in that house, it is not the fault of the owner and the residents. and the servants, not the masters.
He said that the recognition of the system of Homeopathy has increased and improved in our eastern parts.
Referring to Meghalaya, he said that the government's decision in recent days to impose a seven-day closure on entry and exit points in the state in the first month of the month will continue as before. to decide, that is for the next three months, November, March and December.
The CEM of KHADC said that this ropeway is very amazing and the credit goes to Bah Pious Rani who has worked hard to get this ropeway which will help many people. The ropeway will start construction to two villages under the MDC scheme. At the same place, he said that because of the ropeway, there is a need for a place to store the marrep and he requested the land owners to They shall give permission to build the dam which the owners of the land have promised to give for the construction of the dam.
John was also the first winner of the Talent Search Competition in Shillong in 2015 entitled “Just Do Anything”.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said that the health workers should receive training on how to use ventilators if they need such training.
Shillong, November 27: Congress leaders today left for East Jaintia Hills to inspect the flooded crematorium at Lumthari where 15 people are suspected to have lost their lives. illegal mining.
The yatra is a symbol of a major step forward for a progressive and inclusive India where everyone has a responsibility for the development and prosperity of the country, he said. state.
Four organizations including the AJYWO, KSU, HNYF and FKJGP, in the past few days, have staged a two-night night curfew to force the Government to repair the NH 44 road from Mookyndur to Malidor which is badly damaged.
The distribution of medicines was specially for the people of the area who are from the villages on the border with Bangladesh.
) who is also the Chairman of the Core Committee on the Issues of Hajong and Chakma in Arunachal Pradesh.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The National President of the National People's Party (NPP) Conrad K Sangma today clarified that the party has rejected the ticket of the party MLA SG Esmatur Mominin. scheme through the representative but those development works were not seen on the ground.
Bah Rymbai said that the youth drop out of their studies because they don't have the opportunity to go to other colleges, and the dropout deteriorates their quality of life.
Dr. Mawlong said that hypertension and diabetes have spread not only to the urban areas but also to the rural areas of the state. Besides, bampong is also a deadly disease in the state.
India ranks second in the world in terms of Internet users.
Car dealerships and car repair or parts stores.
The registration fee will be 10,000 tyngka and participants will be residents of Meghalaya only.
The Chief Minister said the government has set up a committee to look into this and Prof David is the Chairman. , how it happened after the independence of the state and before that.
When asked how long the Curew will last, the Deputy Commissioner said that a meeting will be called soon to see how the situation is and after the meeting the Curew will be taken. the decision should be withdrawn or maintained.
Under the leadership of former Prime Minister and current Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, Gujarat has embarked on a journey to strengthen its sports infrastructure on par with other countries. to help the state prepare for the games at short notice.
The Chief Minister said the government has amended the Meghalaya Maintenance of Public Order (MMPO) Act in the last session and from now on anyone who commits crimes without authority will be arrested and imprisoned. three years in prison.
These unidentified persons fled the scene and escaped, but from there the BSF troops found seven cows left in the area.
: The BJP Meghalaya State Unit on Thursday welcomed former All India Trinamool Congress MLA from Salmanpara Winnerson D. Sangma. Winnerson was welcomed to the BJP by State President Rikman G Momin in the presence of two MLAs – Bah AL Hek and Bah Sanbor Shullai, Chief Spokesperson Bah M. Kharkrang and others. other leaders.
The party has also sent the names of seven candidates for the Tura Parliamentary seat to the Central Election Committee of the BJP. “We have already sent the names of those who have applied for tickets to the party authorities.
Shillong, Naitung 06: Answering a question by Carnes Sohshang on the allocation of funds by the Central Government for the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, u Bah Victor Ranee said that The government is still urging the government to release this money.
Now the price of this has dropped to Rs.
In his speech, the Prime Minister said that the House has received many benefits from their contribution and this contribution of theirs during their tenure in the House. It will help the country in many ways in the future.
Shillong, March 25: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that there is enough money to pay the salaries of government employees and to pay those who should pay those who have jobs.
On this occasion, the E-Sham schemes of PM-SYM Cards, EPFO ​​were also distributed to the people of Meghalaya. central government.
To join hands with KAS"
This is the first project in collaboration between the Government of Meghalaya, the Municipal Tura and the Chamhana Institute of Technology, South Korea led by Dongmin Choi, Chairman. in 2019 in Shillong.
He is an example of what the father of the nation said about leadership: “I believe that leadership once meant selfishness, but now it means the ability to relate to people.
People from all over the world were willing to come and see India.
He said that the 2018 election is important for the development of Meghalaya.
On the other hand, Bah Nongrem said that the dispute between the Hima is due to the lack of maps of the boundary of the Hima. The council should direct the Hima to submit their map to the KHADC for record keeping.
Anyone who knows her can visit the government hospital to see her body.
The maintenance of the room of the Chairman amounted to 17,86,3
This was announced by B Khongwir, Under Secretary, Political Department.
The song is a wake-up call to the society to take its part in the protection of the environment.
The number of cases of rape of women in the country has reached 48,3
Jyrwa said the central government charges T.16.50 tyngka for petrol and diesel while the state government charges up to T.31 tyngka. mat the problems.
“Unfortunately, we have to blame our honorable leaders, the servants of 5 years have received the (pension), but our salary is low, we don't get anything.
: means a collection or container of information.
On this occasion, the Unit was welcomed by the General Secretary of the CEC, Samla Roy Kupar Synrem, Assistant GS Samla Isaac Basaiawmoit, Organizing Secretary Samla Francis G. Mawlong, Rangbah Kher Sohlap and Shella Village, Parents and Teachers from Schools in the Village.
In his speech, the President, Bah Khlur Sing Lyngdoh, accused the Congress government in Meghalaya of not doing anything for the employment opportunities of the youth in the state.
The ceremony will be held on the 9th of this month at Anton Hall.
At present, there are many rupees in the state, but the problem is that the smaller rupees are still too scarce and this is the problem faced by the state.
According to the list, there were seven persons, but only three persons came on that day while one person who was on the list did not come.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the Japanese delegation sent by the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA), he said:
On the other hand, the party also strongly condemned the MDA-1 government for the many problems regarding the border land allocation in Phase-1 and for this in Phase-2
The Government regularly holds festivals to promote the culture and traditions and also builds venues to hold festivals and improves those that already exist so that they can hold festivals.
Shillong, November 19: The Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) Chairman Metbah Lyngdoh today announced that the nomination of Robert June Kharjahrin has been accepted as the MP candidate for the Lok Sabha from the 1st Shillong Parliamentary Constituency. The seat will be held in
Although there has been peace and order in the area, the people are still in fear because the Assam police cannot be trusted. what they have done today has destroyed their faith.
If it is not until the blood comes out, then others will trust him.
When asked whether it is right for the organizations to arrest drug users, the Minister said that they need the cooperation of the community and the Dorbar Shnongs are requested to do their job. to set up deaddiction and rehabilitation centers in the villages.
The arrest was made after the arrest of Bah Julius Dorphang, another accused of raping a 14-year-old girl at Marvelyne Inn.
The president of the KSU said that the demand for ILP is still a matter of concern, the people are talking about where the demand for ILP will lead. When the decision to implement the ILP was accepted, the 60 MLAs were reminded that they will not play for the voice of the people which they have elected.
Speaking after the meeting with the Speaker of the House, Dr Mukul said that the meeting was to complete the meeting in accordance with the rules laid down under the rules of the 10th Schedule.
The Seng would like to express its special thanks to the DMHO, EKHD, Doctors from CHC Mawsynram under the leadership of Dr.M.Diengdoh and Malai Sohmat U.P.School for their support. The Rangbah Shnong Bah, Rangbah Shnong Bah, Shillong, has conducted this program to provide assistance to the people.
Amandi Rumnong of East Khasi Hills and Rikanku D Sangma of South Garo Hills won the Best Athlete title.
The purpose of the Tribal Animation Festival is to preserve the stories of the ancients in the form of films.
However, as demonstrated by Modi in Glasgow, we have stood by our climate commitments – to be net-zero in emissions by 2070 and reduce emissions by 1 billion tonnes before cut to 2030.
The Government should withdraw the CRPF from the metor area to ensure the freedom of movement of the people of Hynniewtrep from this area.
The Government of India has launched a project to reintroduce cheetahs to India.
The Deputy Commissioner has issued a notice that four shops in Mawlai Nongkwar Block-8 and Block-9 will be closed immediately until further notice. On the other hand, the four shops belong to Bantei Basaiawmoit, Autoelectrical Wiring, Andrew, Tea Stall, SB Swer Automobile Workshop and D.Kharkongor Automobile Workshop.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya has said that the people of Meghalaya will remember him for his struggle for the state governments to have their own powers in the government. middle.
Shillong, July 21: The Special Superintendent of Police (CID) today informed the public that they have arrested Bah Shanborlang Rani of Mawlai Umjapung Block-C. Grace Mary Kharumlong, Mawlai Umjapung Block-C, in connection with a thousand policemen at Nongpoh Women's Police Station No.
:We celebrate the month of June under the theme "Youth Power for National Development.
Shillong, Nailur 22: The Board of Directors of the Meghalaya Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) has summoned Leslee Shylla to appear before the 30th of this month to speak. The Crowbrough has been handed over to him by the Corporation after the signing of the agreement in
After the opening ceremony, there will be a National Youth Summit where four topics will be discussed.
He recalled the uninterrupted continuation of DBT, education, vaccination and health care, and also working from home during the pandemic when other countries have found it difficult to continue these activities. .
However, political parties should refrain from any promises that could undermine the election process or impose excessive pressure on their followers during the election.
Speaking to SP News Agency, he said that many employees of GHADC today came to work after understanding the problem of the District Council. It has decided that any employees who do not come to work on Tuesday may be punished until they are dismissed.
This is about Rs 1.31 crore more than what was seen in 2016-1
This has resulted in an increase in the number of taxpayers from 6.4 million before GST to 12 million taxpayers after GST. increasing income.
The 133rd Joint Boundary Conference between Meghalaya and Bangladesh was led by the Additional Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, PW Ingity. The GAD is the Director of Land Records.
Among those who attended and spoke were Lyngdoh of Lyngiong Hima, Syiem of Mawsynram Hima, Deputy Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Sirdar of Nongpoh Hima, Minister of Kharlukhi, Minister of Kharbukhi of Mylliem Hima, Minister of Nongrum, Minister of Trees, Minister of Sohra Hima, Secretary , the Union of Chiefs of Sohra Hima, Secretary Raid Ri 6 Kur, Khyrim Hima, Acting Chief of Nongspung Hima, Secretary, Secretary Mawsynram Hima, including Executive Members of Executive Dorbars of various Hima/Elaka.
According to the order of the High Court, the Chief Secretary of the State Government should be the Chairman of the SPVS. The DC of East Khasi Hills has been appointed as the CEP and the Project Director of DRDA as the Member Secretary.
The Governor said that as a leader of the people in the Parliament of India, he has contributed many things which the people of the country will remember. May the Lord grant eternal rest to the soul of the deceased.
The workshop was attended by 30 youths from Mawkynrew Constituency. Resource persons including Bah Ricky Marshal Synnah, Bah Lightstar Kharduit – Asst.Instructor gave various trainings including the rules and regulations that Referees should know and also various skills including the need to have a healthy body. robust.
All departments have been directed to inform this to their respective areas and it is expected to reach about 50,000 farmers.
The two government departments that have been invited are the Power Department of the State Government and the Department of Transport.
The investigation will be conducted to find out the root cause of the collapse of the Dome, whether the drawing is incomplete, whether the contractor is not working properly, whether it is the mistake of the supervisors, all these will be clarified when IIT Guwahati awards the contract. the report shall be submitted to the Speaker of the House.
Shillong, July 27: The residents of Umsaw-Khwan village today staged a protest at the office of the Director General of Police (DGP) of Meghalaya to demand the release of Bah Stanlywiss Rymbai MLA. ancient.
If we don't close the shops until 10 pm, such incidents will not happen again,” said Kong Kurbah.
), Samla Pynshaiborlang Rani (Asst.Education Secy.
Bhalen Thubru said that the 45 days deadline will be from today for the dewbilat factories to increase the price of transportation according to the government price if the companies do anything on their part. JAC will have to think differently.
In this regard, we invite and urge the peace loving citizens to join us in the rally for peace in Manipur, said Bah Lyngdoh.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that many people have lost their lives in the overturning of a truck carrying pilgrims. , sent his condolences to the families of all those who lost their lives and also to those who are still undergoing treatment for their injuries.
It is prohibited to cut down trees, clean up the land or any other activities that violate the law.
As it is difficult to get treatment in the city, the staff of Meghalaya House have not hesitated and have got an ambulance to take him to Shillong and this morning they have reached the Civil Hospital. Shillong to get treatment.
Jowai, July 22: U Harish Kumar Mahanta, 45, of Meghalaya Police Station, has committed suicide at Dawki Police Station. your stay yesterday night.
In this regard, the party has relied on the Minister who is also the MLA of Mairang Constituency to implement these demands of the people of Nongthliew area. You have won the elections.
“We have already identified the areas where floods are most frequent and as soon as the rainfall ends, the PWD, Urban Affairs and Shillong Municipal Board will immediately announce the roads and drains,” he said. he said.
Police said that after the written statement, no reason was found for these 17 persons to be involved in the crime and therefore they were released today while these 17 persons were arrested. Three others have been arrested and are currently in police custody.
On the other hand, the union is concerned about the environment but all this is happening due to the actions of the government and the government should prevent the sudden closure of the union.
The MR said that the prevention of the disease in the community is essential in all the states with high TPR. PCR and Rapid Tests, especially in areas where there are many positive cases.
The Director said that since the government has sent the fee for COVID-19 testing, the number of people coming for testing has decreased significantly. test for COVID-19 on your MHIS card.
To provide a two lane road to this area shows that the government does not mean for the safety and security of the people but is focusing on uranium for the ease of transportation of this mineral.
However, if the election is won because of the reservation policy, I tell you that it is a bad sign and don't worry because we will reap the harvest and I think we will continue to live. to see the fruits of labor.
The union demands that the traffic branch should be established in the district so that the people of the area will not be affected.
Shillong, Naitung 30: For the first time in Meghalaya, 44 farmers from Umsning C&RD Block, Ri-Bhoi District, on Malaria, how to help and advise those who suffer from such a disease which is one of the most dangerous diseases in India.
Due to heavy rainfall, the road from Mawsynram to Lawbah area under the Mawlangdiar River has collapsed and this has made it impossible for vehicles to travel from Mawsynram to Lawbah.
Sickle cell disease is a major problem among the Indian people.
She is also a self-proclaimed scientist.
BJP leader Sanbor Shullai has held several rallies at Kench's Trace, Laban and Cantonment Area, urging his followers to vote and print on the cover of the book this time in support of Modi.
The total number of cases in East Khasi Hills as of 10 am is 441 cases in East Khasi Hills, 245 cases in BSF, 170 cases in civilians and 26 cases in Army.
Because it cannot be expected that there will be a smooth running when the Councils are biased.
The achievements of this campaign are as follows: more than 29,000 Gram Panchayats have achieved full delivery of services, through the delivery of 100% Ayushman Cards; more than 18,000 Gram Panchayats have achieved 100% implementation of the scheme. Over 34,000 Gram Panchayats have been able to fully digitize land documents; and in support of the Swachh Bharat initiative, more than 9,000 Gram Panchayats have been able to meet the requirements for the implementation of the ODF Plus model.
This assistance is part of the training on cleanliness and hygiene to prevent the spread of COVID-19 in the community and especially in Shillong and the state.
In the junior boys (45 kg), South Garo Hills won the gold medal after defeating West Khasi Hills, while East Khasi Hills and East Jaintia Hills won the bronze medals.
Supriyo said the government under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi has decided that the poor people in government land should get housing by
These memorial awards are expected to start from their first anniversary to promote their great contributions to society.
Shillong, June 21: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah PN Syiem in reply to a question raised by Bah Pyniaidsing Syiem on the ban on uranium mining in West Khasi Hills. The CEM said that the Executive Committee will not issue a No Objection Certificate to the mining of uranium, even if the government wants to have the authority. Speaking in the House, Bah Pyniaidsing Syiem, said that there have been attempts to mine uranium in the state since the past, in 2005 the central government has struggled to mine uranium in the state. and he shall be cut off from the earth, and shall be cut off from the earth.
All the seven persons are still in police custody for further investigation in connection with the counterfeit money seized from these people.
Davidson said one of the issues that the group wants to clarify to the public is the government's intention to turn government banks into private banks.
On the other hand, the party strongly condemns the arrogance and powerlessness of the police.
There was an interactive and hands-on session on Adaptive Physiology Education Techniques for Senior Physiology Teachers.
Regarding the Bill passed by the KHADC, it was returned to the House after careful consideration as it was found that there are some shortcomings and the bill is bar the powers of the District Council as stipulated by the Ministry of Home Affairs of India in charge of the North East Division.
The NGT in its previous hearing had made it clear that the government should set aside its own funds to collect revenue from the coal that has been mined through transportation, in order to use the funds for the improvement of the areas. he took the coal.
Ricky Shullai is the independent candidate from Mylliem constituency.
At the same time, the union urges the people of Jaintia Hills to inform if they find such fraudulent companies pretending to be banks even if they are still in Jaintia Hills. “The party can do whatever is necessary for the benefit of the people,” said Bah Dkhar.
The letter of proposal from the MSOA includes a letter of commitment from Dr Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya to support the proposal, and a letter of support for the proposal of the Meghalaya National Games The Bid Money is a check of Rs 50 lakh as part of the advance payment of Rs 50 crore which is the allocation fee that the Government of Meghalaya has to pay to the Indian Olympic Association for the National Games. 2022, which is also the 50th Anniversary of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The 159th birth anniversary of Kiri Daloi Dhar was celebrated at Lummukut, Shangpung.
Sports include athletics, boxing and football.
Shillong, Iaiong 03: Twenty-four persons have been tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District today. two were tested positive.
On the other hand, Kong Santa Mary Shylla promised before the KSU that she will take action on this issue and promised to take action and inform the state government and the relevant authorities. She said that she will work together on this issue of the demand of the union regarding the illegal BSF camp in Sonapyrdi.
The meeting was conducted by KSU Mawlai Circle Sports Secretary Samla Badonbok Malngiang.
They didn't know what to do.
Shillong, Nailur 23: The blockade of the HNAM office in West Khasi Hills today went smoothly without any incident.
Shillong, Nailur 20: The Meghalaya Editors and Publishers' Association (MEPA) has strongly condemned the incident which happened today (20th November, 2021) in which a senior journalist EM Jose was stabbed in the hand. Shillong, Shillong, at a meeting held by the civil society at Mot Kiang Nangbah in Barik, Shillong.
Jowai, Nailur 29: Police of Dawki Police Station in West Jaintia Hills District have arrested Bah Pal Pohlynjar on charges of involvement in the murder of Bah Shdeng Pohrmen of Nongtalang village.
In a statement, MPCC General Secretary Manash Das Gupta said they will hold a meeting in Tura in the last month of November, so that the MPCC can do something to strengthen the party.
The purpose of these roads is to connect the roads in the state with other roads in the state and to meet the The East-West Corridor and to connect to all the District Headquarters and Highways. In this meeting, the civil society organizations were requested not to oppose these roads and not to lose them for this reason. it is a way for the state to develop in road projects.
This shows that you don't have the opportunity to take milk production as a job.
The government has increased the salary of teachers from T.3000 to T.6000, T.6000 to T.8000 and from T.7000 to T.9000 tyngka. 1125 primary schools which are still receiving adhoc have been increased from T.6000 to T.12000 tyngka.
Shillong, Nailur The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) has given its full support to the demand of the Society for the Study of Law, Jaintia Hills District to establish the National Law University. which is similar to other National Law Universities in other parts of India.
The submission of the shap will be on 22/2/2020, the polling day will be on the 28th of this month and the counting of votes will be on the 3rd of October.
Shillong, July 24: All the officers who have registered for the conduct of the elections in the state have reached 3000 and the training for them will be from 28th to 31st. this month.
Other leaders who spoke on the occasion were the President of RBYF, FKJGP and leaders of the Naga Students Union Students Union (Naga Students Union) Shillong to express their support and condemnation of what happened in Mukroh. three people lost their lives.
The AICC has already selected the candidates from all 60 constituencies and now all that remains is to announce their names. the names were revealed on the first day.
This award is to encourage them to continue their progress in higher education.
The theme of the two-day conference was on the Khasi language, literature and culture.
This step was taken in line with the government's 'Jan Bhagidari' target.
On the other hand, Bah Titos said that the announcement on the special session has been received for three months and if it is received only yesterday, it is enough, but how can we explain without receiving the issues to be discussed.
Regarding this issue, the residents as civil society organizations have visited and found that this road which the residents use leads to many places where the residents go to work from time to time, because of this road. They went to the Post Office and connected two schools. The closure of this road has affected the people.
During the investigation, Cyfrank Paul Pariat confessed that he went to Bangladesh for training with Kynsaijun Thabah for 10 months, from mid-November, 2023 to April, after receiving training, they returned home.
He also emphasized the role of Ayurveda and spoke about the world's acceptance of Yoga.
For UB and AB students who can apply for class XII and all the posts under their grade and these too should submit only one application for all the posts they wish to apply and others They are those who have completed class IX and above.
The training, which was conducted at Beltola, is exclusively for rural children of Meghalaya through the Deen Dayal Upadhyaya Grameen Kaushalya Yojana or DDU-GKY. This was announced by GS Lyndem, Chief Operating Officer, SIRD, Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: U Bah Hamletson Dohling, one of the ministers in the MDA government, on Tuesday said that the party has met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma. They said that the state government should urge Delhi to talk about the implementation of the Nner Line Permit.
He said that the Dorbars Shnong, Dorbar Kur, Dorbar Raid, Dorbar Hima/Elaka which are indigenous institutions of self government ruled by the Syiems, Lyngdohs, Sirdars, Dolloi, Wahadars and Nokmas, In Meghalaya, they are party less and the Rangbah Shnongs, Sordars, Ministers, Priests, Basan, Lyngskor, Sirdars, Syiems, Dolloi, Wahadars and Nokmas are elected on the basis of who receives the will. consensus and referendum, and any decision taken by these Dorbars shall be taken by consensus. and referendum), while the party-parliamentary system of the Constitution of India, they elect the winner by saying that they have the most support, and this is how The provisions of the Sixth Schedule are against and conflict from time to time with the provisions of the Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raid and Dorbar Hima. to pave the way for the Hima/Elaka to have their own Council under the Constitution of India so that these cultures can survive.
This will be followed by a meeting with those working in local businesses where trends and challenges will be discussed.
Dr Mukul said that his government is strong and will last in the end. Regarding the protests within the party, he said that such incidents are not surprising but as the party we have the means. He said that these differences often come outside the discussions within the party.
The question of many churches is why the forest department in charge of this area has not repaired the bridge which has been closed for more than a year.
Referring to the NPP, Bah Paul said that in this MDC election, there has been talk of working together. He said that the UDP will get sole power in KHADC and JHADC as it has nominated 27 candidates in KHADC and 26 candidates in JHADC. The EC, on the other hand, Bah Paul said that the UDP hopes to get the rule in these two District Councils, if not they will discuss but it has confirmed that the UDP and NPP They will form ECs in these two District Councils.
Others who attended the meeting included the Sordar of Thangsning, Bah T Nongkhlaw, Village Office bearers, PDF leaders including President, Bah A Rynjah, Party Spokesperson, Bah Seibor Warbah. with others.
The petition stated that the garbage dump has caused trouble to the tourists and has also become a den for drug traffickers.
For those who have lost their lives, the government will look into the provision of assistance.
The nomination will be held tomorrow morning and the review of the documents will be held on the 26th of this month.
He also requested the village authorities and other civil society organizations to cooperate so that there will be no interference during the implementation of this project.
At the same time, the union requests the court to take strong action against these two bloodthirsty men, not to grant them bail and also to expedite the trial so that they can be punished. which is strictly according to the rules of law.
In a letter of condolences to the family, she said that Archbishop Dominic Jala was a devout religious man who lived a long life.
Shillong, July 29: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYF) together with the FKJGP and RBYF in a meeting recently agreed to support the KSU and NESO in the rally against the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) 2016 on 1-2019 at Motphran at 12:00 pm, starting with a public march from Jaiaw to Motphran.
The reservation for women, which has been pending for 30 years, was approved in both the legislative houses with the highest number of votes.
The suspension will be announced within a day or two.
Village shops and others can earn money by operating as PDOs by selling internet without the need for a license, registration or payment to the DoT. Those who wish to enter this field can inform us of their wish to participate in this online meeting along with their suggestions in this regard.
He said that now, when there are natural disasters in other parts of the world, everyone turns to the NDRF. The lynshop of nature has increased.
The ceremony was attended by the Daloi of Jwai District, Waheh K.C.Rymbai.
Shillong, November 01: Dr VP Sinha, 82, resident of Laban, Garrison Ground, Shillong, has passed away today. The death toll from COVID-19 at the Military Hospital Shillong has risen to
Shillong, Naitung 19: The All India Bank Officers' Confederation (ABA) on 19th November 2023 celebrated its 55th Anniversary.
During the march, they called for being a “Hero” and not for drinking Herion. quality.
They just need a few words, encouragement and praise.
Shillong South Parliamentary Constituency has announced the name of Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA.
Therefore, the expulsion of villages, expulsion from churches (because we believe that no church has ever passed a law to expel anyone from church for not having Aadhaar), salary cuts, pension benefits and others These kinds of punishments are against the human rights and the right to accept or reject the Aadhaar.
In a letter sent to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Home Affairs, Bah Prestone Tynsong on 31st June, 2013, HPC Secretary Gurjit Singh said, “I have sent this letter to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah. request the Government to postpone our meeting scheduled for the 7th July, regarding our residents at Harijan Colony, Bara Bazar, Shillong.
Meghalaya was led by Symbud Chief Minister Sniawbhalang Dhar, Saipung MLA Santa Mary Shylla, Chief Executive Member Thombor Shiwat. Forest Minister Chandra Mohan Patowary, MLA from Dharmapur Constituency.
On the other hand, the Minister urged the people to be ready to provide land for development projects.
He said that the bank had allocated T.36000/- to the farmers but they received only T.25000/-. The question is where did this T.11000 go.
When the BSF investigated, the driver and the driver who came from Kalain could not produce proper documents, so the BSF arrested them and after completing the investigation, they handed over to the police station. Custom to do what is right according to the law.
On the other hand, the KJNU demands that the JHADC should proceed with the committee which has already been set up with the CEM as the chairman and should include all the intellectuals and political parties in the committee.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, residents of the area said that the gas cylinder exploded in the area where the garbage was stored. sit of the iit.
The award ceremony was attended by Phris Sutnga, General Secretary of KSU Jaintia District Samla Stream. Niangti was present.
Shillong, Lber 21: The NCC, 41 Meghalaya Battalion NCC, Shillong, has celebrated the International Forest Week which started on the 15th and ended today with a ceremony at More than 100 people took part in this rally.
On the other hand, the Chief Guest urged the youth not to get involved in alcoholic beverages but to continue to work harder no matter if they win or lose but only those who can persevere and the determined reach the cliffs of fame.
In a short period of time, the Yatra was a success with more than 1.6 crore citizens taking the Sankalpban to work for Vikasit Bharat before
Other speakers at the rally were Samuel B Jyrwa Chairman of NESO, KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar, Prof Badaplin War, Chief of Nongkhlaw Hima, PM Malystar L Nonglait, Powell. Sohkhlet, on behalf of the family members, Macdalyn L Nonglait, on this occasion, many family members were present to witness this memorable day.
Kulkarni said the people of the area understand how to do their own business and this is something that can be improved so that the income of the farmers and employment opportunities are better.
Shillong, Lber 31: There are 23 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in Meghalaya, 3 of which are admitted to hospital for treatment. East Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, November 03: The EJNC, JSM, KSU, JSU, FKJGP, HNYF and HANM have decided to hold a meeting to discuss the issue. The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, has urged the Chief Minister to send back E. Kharmalki as the full Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District.
The biggest challenge facing the environment is how to protect the environment and this is one of the areas of protection. This is one of the best ways to protect yourself.
He said that many of the central government universities have ended their admission while NEHU has not announced the results yet. go, if this is the case they have to go to private universities and this will affect the poor families.
The union also demanded that the Government should appoint a Nodal Officer in the state who can work with the National Testing Agency (NTA).
NH 44 is the worst National Highway in India at the moment.
“Mistakes in human life should not be a stumbling block but a defeat should be a lesson to run away from,” he said.
The union also strongly criticized the police guarding the Infiltration Check Gate for allowing them to be released without checking the entry and exit of foreigners.
The main reason why Modi and Amit Shah came to witness the swearing-in ceremony of the MDA-II government of Conrad Sangma is to convey the message to the whole of India that Meghalaya is a state. As one of the most prominent Christian states in the North East, they have convinced to give their full trust to the BJP party by joining the NPP. That, except for Muslims, Christians have now joined and given their trust to the BJP party. This is our Khasi-Jaintia.
Shillong, June 24: U Stodingstar Thabah, candidate of the All India Trianamool Congress Party (ACP) for the MLA election from the 23-Sohiong constituency, has strongly criticized the results of the NPP candidate Samlin Malngiang. He has criticized various religious leaders during his election campaign in recent days.
Shillong, Naitung 31: The Shillong-Tura highway from Nongshram in West Khasi Hills District to Shallang before reaching Rongjeng in East Garo Hills District has not been completed for a year.
This was announced by Bah Nini W. Sungoh President JNC Middle East Unit.
Shillong, Nailur 07: U Bah P Kharsohnoh, Rangbah Shnong of Jongshnong, on Tuesday said that the PHC in Jongsha, which has been in existence since 1996, is still operating as a dispensary. news at Shillong Press Club.
Shillong, Nailur 22: The Cabinet today approved the recommendation of the Forest Department of the State Government to appoint Balbir Singh Gour, Chief Minister of State for Wildlife. Government of India" to assist the farmers of the state how to plant trees and market the trees.
During these three days, public meetings were also held to raise awareness among the people regarding the schemes of the central government.
“We have come many times to monitor this issue, but we have found that the same problem is the lack of funds to buy land,” said Samla SS Niangti Finance Secretary KSU JHDU. “If Assam finally releases the Final Draft of the NRC, there will be an infiltration of mynder into our state,” said the Seng leader.
The death toll from the disease has risen to 7, of which 4 are unvaccinated, 6 from East Khasi Hills, 6 from West Khasi Hills District increased to 1306 people.
The SP said that at about 8:30 pm, police seized two vehicles.
This memorial is to commemorate what he has done for this nation, the Sixth Schedule is the hard work of this great man after independence and annexation to India in The Khasi State has signed the Instrument of Accession.
Although the challenges faced by the world have made it easier for us to achieve the common goals, India's presidency of the G20 opens up the opportunity for us to prepare for the future. wan of the growth of the park.
India will celebrate its 75th Independence Day in 2022 in the next five years.
The meeting was opened by the Minister in charge of Labor , Ampareen Lyngdoh , in her speech , she said that the government is trying its best to ensure the welfare of the workers journalist.
Shillong, March 22: Dozens of leaders of other political parties in Warsan Lyngdoh constituency have joined the Nationalist People's Party (NPP) in the past few days. Air Marshall Diengngan, Chief Organizer, Ranikor Block and Bah SS Lyngdoh, Secretary.
It is the first time and an honor for the entire North East that the Vice President, NRAI has been elected from the North East.
The ceremony was led by the Chief Secretary of the State, Yeshi Tsering.
“We are full of regret.
The death toll from the disease has risen to 11, of which 6 are from East Jaintia Hills, 1 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from Ri Bhoi and 1 from West Jaintia Hills. The death toll has risen to
The month-long festival will witness the rich culture of art, dance, music, poetry, stories and drama from Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur. and other states of the North East with the aim of uniting the rich cultures of the two regions.
The new rules, presented in a petition released on October 4, aim to promote more equitable benefits, transparency, and inclusivity for all.
On the other hand, Bah Titos Chyne said that during the meeting, they also discussed the need for more doctors at the CHC, as at present the existing doctors are not enough for the people of Sohra.
That is the intention of the HLC which they have suggested to the government, why this discussion has arisen because this area has become a center of trading of some ethnic groups who do not even have the right to trade illegally in that area. place with this the people were washed.
"While commending the hard work of the health workers, the Minister expressed her satisfaction over their initiative.
: Border Security Force (BSF) 4 Battalion, Meghalaya seized sarees worth T.13 lakh from those who were trying to smuggle them to the Nepal. through the border of East Khasi Hills District.
In conclusion, the Prime Minister spoke about the special celebration of Sharad Purnima and urged those who are still employed to spread the message of Vocal for Local which is also a platform for employment opportunities. within the country.
The joining of former Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Martin M Danggo was welcomed by party leader Sanbor Shullai and David Kharshati, president of the Meghalaya State Unit.
Shillong, Nailur 12: A meeting of the BJP Smit Area office bearers including four villages from Smit, Mawmuthoh, Umphrup, Urmasi u Joh was held today at the party office in Smit in the presence of Egenstar Kurkalang President BJYM Meghalaya, has spoken about many of the problems of the area which is lagging behind with the passage of time which affects the people due to the lack of development projects.
Shillong, Nailur 01: The President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, Bah Ernest Mawrie today launched the acquisition of land from Laitkor under Nongkren to send to New Delhi for the construction of the Amrit Vatika.
Shillong, June 22: The Khasi Author's Society (KA) has announced that it will hold a public march on the 5th of June as part of the campaign.
Police said that at the time of sending the letter, it was reported that there was a group known as the Sleeper Cell of the HNLC which had planned to blow up bombs in Shillong and Nongpoh. They alleged that those who committed these acts had received orders from Bangladesh.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that Bah Shylla has the ability to speak and he is a true leader of the people. Referring to Bah Simon Siangshai, he said that he is a hard working man and the statement was made during his time in the NCP. that the former President of India has been a long-time public servant and a skilled man in all the fields assigned to him and has worked hard in any field. whatever you do.
The meeting was led by the President of the District Unit, Mr. Ohibait Dkhar and the Assistant Finance Secretary, Mr. Shaniah SDkhar.
The Cabinet of Ministers of the State Government on Tuesday approved the Expert Committee headed by Justice (Retd) Mool Chand Garg as Chairman.
The NFR has reached the point where it has not respected the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) which has not issued a No Objection Certificate (NOC) to pass. chess in connection with the construction of the railway.
Umiam, Naitung 07: The Presidential Candidate of the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) Ram Nath Kovind in his election campaign held at Orchid Resort in Meghalaya today promised to that if elected President of India, no one shall be discriminated against, whether in religion, race, or ethnicity.
The HPF hopes that through this peace talks, the state will achieve peace and stability, said Apbor Nongrum President and Silverius Masharing Vice President of the HPF.
The allocation for the year 2019-2020 is T.387.93 crore for temporary agriculture and T.387.93 crore for agriculture. 714.93 crore for MSMEs, T.238.41 crore for others such as construction of houses in rural areas and tuition fees.
Others 3 cases from West Jaintia Hills, 1 case from West Khasi Hills and 1 case from West Garo Hills.
In an order issued today, it was said that this was done because Meghalaya will go to the elections to elect the state leaders on 27th June
The protest started on Friday and continued until Saturday. The leaders of the party have also worked hard to ensure that these people also have something to live for. you don't have to work.
Jowai, Naiwieng 15: The Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) today passed the District Council Constituencies Delimitation Bill
Besides the Minister, State Government Officers and Police Chiefs will also be present.
There are 187 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 95 cases in West Jaintia Hills and 28 cases in West Jaintia Hills. There are 4734 cases in the state.
Speaking to media, Bah Shanbor said that as soon as he received information about the incident, he immediately informed the police and they took the Khar Metor and an employee of the restaurant to the police station. .
Furthermore, the JYF encourages and commends the officers who have taken the initiative to complete the project within the stipulated time and also the contractor who has worked hard to complete the good work for the benefit of the people of the village. State.
During the visit to the households affected by the natural disaster, the Minister said that the state as a whole is in the grip of the natural disaster, so to be vigilant, he said. that the government is ready to help the victims of natural disasters.
Providing accurate information brings about cooperation and understanding among others.
Shillong, March 21: Three Executive Members of the Congress People's Democratic Front (PDF) led by Bah PN Syiem as CEM of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) have resigned. The Congress party has withdrawn its support to the EC today.
He said that the party will not rest to monitor the issues faced by the farmers until they are resolved. At the same time he urged the farmers to be united.
The festival was inaugurated on 14th July, 2017 at Siddharta Art Gallery, Kathmandu by Mr Jiwan Bahadur Shahi, Minister of Culture, Government of Nepal in the presence of Ambassador of India, Mr Ranjit Rae and others. India and Nepal.
He thanked the Karbi Anglong Autonomous district council for providing land in Diphu in the Karbi Anglong area for construction of a Guest house of the KHADC and urged the state government to support this initiative.
The free health camp will be conducted in collaboration with the Center for Advanced Urology and Kidney Diseases, Guwahati.
Also present on the occasion was Bah George B Lyngdoh, Chief Whip of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly. public.
The question is why, whether the government, the village authorities have the thought to find out how to rescue the people of this village who have been affected from time to time when there is heavy rainfall and especially the The road will not be affected by the flooding of the Wah Kynshi.
The theme of this year is “Eradicate Corruption – Build a New India”.
(SP News) He said that the North Eastern Region of the country is one of the regions where there is no peace.
Speaking to SP News Agency by phone, the Congress leader said that she had gone to the venue to attend the football match, but the armed men they went straight to her and touched her.
The land owners of these villages together with the RBYDSO met with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District, Arpit Upadhyay at his office in Nongpoh on 28th July. They also handed over to him a petition prepared by them against the violence of the IGGL company as alleged.
One of the insurgents who managed to escape from the area was bombed and died and was identified as Aiti Boro.
This year, in the last nine months, the BSF has seized up to 2,000 cows from all parts of Meghalaya on the border with Bangladesh. lat on the border.
At present, the Barak Valley has flowed into the Bangladesh border with Assam.
The BSF Frontier Headquarters in Umlping has been recognized as a containment area and has been banned from entering and leaving the country. this bag.
The JSU has also demanded from the government through the Minister of Arts and Culture to set up a District Library and Auditorium Hall in East Jaintia Hills or Khliehriat. The hall will be suitable for meetings and the students of the area will benefit from the Library.
He said the GNLA has ordered some of its members to collect revenue for the year 2017-17 to support its members and to purchase weapons.
On the other hand, the KSU South West Khasi Hills District Unit strongly condemns the Meghalaya government under the leadership of Mukul Sangma for fighting against the will of the indigenous people by forcibly bringing mynder from other states to Meghalaya through the road. station.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: Ka KHNAM strongly condemns the MUA-II government's negligence on the railway issue.
This order shall not apply to the armed forces or to government employees on duty, this order shall apply immediately until further notice.
Regarding the visit of the Union Home Minister to Shillong, he said that he has received information but no written notice has been sent to the state government.
The UHM said that the students are the hope of the Khasi people because the UHM has also seen that the Khasi people have declined slowly in terms of education, and it is closer to finding our Khasi youth to become pass higher examinations like Civil Services, IFS, IES and others.
In case of untimely rainfall during the harvesting season, it is recommended to spray with 5% salt water to prevent the harvested rice from sprouting.
The Solid Waste Management Bill, 2019 has been introduced by the EM in charge of sanitation, Bah Teibor Pathaw.
This action of the BJP is a shame to the indigenous people of the North East despite the fact that they have repeatedly expressed their opposition to this bill.
From the place where the machine for the manufacture of illegal pesticides was located, the equipment for packaging the drugs and the packaging of the drugs were also seized.
He clearly said “ I didn't force".
Ma Kerios Wahlang is the greatest Khasi singer of God.
After receiving this letter, they will see whether the government has any signs that it will not implement the ILP in the state. to urge the government to implement the ILP in the state.
Police on receiving this information rushed to the scene and seized the bomb. Police are conducting investigation to find out the facts. went to bury this bomb in this place.
Shillong, November 08: The Meghalaya Right to Information Movement (MRTIM) has sent a special congratulations to Aam Aadmi Party (Aadmi Party) leader Arvind Kejriwal for defeating the Congress in Delhi by fighting against the BJP. you have done corruption in this country.
Shillong, March 27: Inaugurating a handicraft training center in Nongrim Hills today, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, today said that scientists in Finland after extensive research Many years ago, they discovered that Siej can be used to produce fuel for vehicles without being mixed with natural fuel.
The child has been pregnant for four months.
Nafisabeth has been selected to join the Yuvika Program through her participation in the Online Quiz Game of the Yuvika Program which was held in October,
KSU Jaintia Hills Unit today visited the market to find out whether there has been any smuggling of goods to Bangladesh. Speaking to SP News Agency, he said that the Custom office is closed today.
As a leader, Khongwir has also served as the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in the Government of Brington Buhai Lyngdoh and before that, he held senior positions in the Government of Darwin Diengdoh Pugh.
The total number of cases in the state is
Sir.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: Shillong Lajong Football Club has signed Durga Boro to the Shillong Lajong Football Club.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister said that she welcomes all those who come to Meghalaya.
According to the Lar's approval, the new department will be headed by a person from the police department and his rank should not be less than the rank of Additional Director General of Police or a former police officer. the rank of Inspector General of Police.
They also discussed the recent riots in Manipur and the impact of this on the smooth running of the elections. they have the opportunity to take part in the electoral process.
In another incident, a Tata Sumo number ML-01-7046 belonging to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare collided with a vehicle at Wahlakhaw. Donkupar Chyne has gone to collide with a dumper truck at Wahlakhaw, NH-44E under Mairang Police Station.
May this festival fill with the hopes, goals and dreams and aspirations of all our sisters and brothers, and bring love into their lives.
Shillong, July 13: Meghalaya has received T.84.95 crore for the improvement of tourism attractions under the PRASHAD scheme through the Tourism Department of the Union Government.
On the schemes of the Central Government implemented in Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the DC said that according to the preparation of the central government for this pmay scheme, the house has to be covered with tin, but if there are those who want to cover with dep bilat, the village has to cover it with tin. The remaining funds are only T.1.5 lakh.
Leaders of the UDP party who came to the polling station to celebrate the victory were Dr. Jemino Mawthoh General Secretary of the party, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne President of the UDP EKH District. the CEM, his mother and party supporters.
She has also received a gas cylinder through the PradhanMantri Ujjwala Yojana and soon, her house will be complete in all aspects.
“If they say it is a secular university but why do they say it is a Hindu university, we don't allow it.
RBI in a notice issued on 28.09.2011 has directed all banks to accept the Aadhar card issued by the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) as a proof of identity. section to open an account.
On the part of the district authorities, R Tibba has requested the army to assist as 200 people have been stranded due to the earthquake in Bhalukpong, including 70 women and 50 children and the landslide occurred between Bhalukopng and Sessa which is about 7 km away.
Guwahati, Naiwieng 14: The 160th contingent of the Indian Army landed at Guwahati Airport at 4.55 pm today after completing a 40-day joint exercise with China.
He said that this island has given strength to the children of thousands and has not died because until today we are still the owners of the land. will be published at necessary times.
To save the human race is without any clean marriage.
Speaking at the opening ceremony of the Nursing College, the Chief Minister said it would be good if the training would be in line with the demands of the world as only Japan and Thailand have many nurses in these countries. two countries.
The opposition has 145 points and the support has 140 points.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh congratulated the leaders of Lawlynnong Sports Club Mynsang who have the vision to hold such tournaments to develop the talents of their children. Youth, in which he urged that football teaches cooperation, strengthens the mind and to have the determination to reach the goal to reap the fruits of the sport. success.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: Officers of the North Eastern Police Academy, one of the police training centers in the North East, today planted about 3,000 trees inside the premises. I'm not in Umsawkhwan.
The children were found during a visit to Ningring's house.
On receiving a tip, the police immediately sent police to search for the suspects and in the search operation, they found the four persons who had gone missing during the trip to Nohkalikai.
Therefore, the call and call at this moment to Meghalaya and India as a whole is to take action and ask these issues facing the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo minorities of Meghalaya how to deal with them. what is their future.
The Supreme Court of India has directed the Central Government to file a petition against the implementation of the CAA and set a deadline for submission of the petition before 9/June/2 .
Referring to the surrender of the insurgents before the government, he said that this work cannot be done by anyone. This honor goes to all the people who have taken part in bringing back the rebels. they go astray, like religious organizations that have worked hard and are parents.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Superintendent of Police, Bah HG Lyngdoh, West Jaintia Hills, said that they have taken him to court and the court has remanded him in custody. of judicial cusrtody.
Police said the area was the residence of Jangjang and Kongsil.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: Answering a question by Heavingstone Kharpran, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, Minister of Home Affairs and Road Construction, said that the preparations for the installation of the fire truck was moving forward.
He also spoke about the Accessible India campaign, which is ongoing in the country to open up access to all people with disabilities.
On the other hand, police around Shillong have been on duty to ensure that shopkeepers comply with the government's orders to close shops and markets which are held every Sunday. different parts of the market and Police Bazar.
: Preparations for the opening ceremony of the 5th Meghalaya Games 2024 have been in full swing with all the participants arriving in Tura on Sunday morning.
“The Minister has said that he will discuss this demand with the South West Khasi Hills District authorities,” said Bah Nongrem.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: U MDC of 23-Rongrang GHADC Constituency today wrote to the Deputy Commissioner of North Garo Hills District who is also the Chairman of the District Selection Committee of Resublepara. contractors are appointed by persons from outside the district.
Before having children, they decide whether they can care for and provide for the needs of the child and fulfill his/her aspirations by taking on the responsibility as parents. responsibility.
This bridge is very old as it was built during the British rule of India.
At this meeting, the BJP Meghalaya State Unit decided to support the announcement of Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi.
The MTC employees started their strike on July 27 and it has been going on for five days.
The UDP and HSPDP, which work together under the umbrella of the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA), recently renewed their agreement to work together in the Lok Sabha elections to nominate only one joint candidate from the RDA to contest from the Shillong Parliamentary seat. Seat.
Another issue is the inclusion of the Village Council and the Municipal Council in this proposal to bring in an amendment to the Sixth Schedule that the Government of Meghalaya should not accept the holding of elections like in the past. .
Police on receiving a complaint have launched an investigation into the incident. Police have launched an investigation into the incident. .
Applications can be obtained from Karma No.311 at the DC office.
On the other hand, the Director, AG Ahanger, confirmed that he has received the MCI's recognition in writing that the students who are studying doctors at this institution are no longer in doubt.
The event was also enriched by the songs by the members of the KSU Nangbah Unit, and the dancing by the youth of the village.
Shillong, Nailar 12: The General Secretary of the All India Regional Bank Employees Association (ABA) SV Ready on Tuesday said that the demand of the bank management should be sent by the people of the state. understanding of language.
The Cabinet also approved the implementation of the new North East Special Infrastructure Development Scheme (NESIDS) which is a scheme of the Central Government. The scheme will start from the 2017-18 fiscal year and the Central Government will allocate 100% of the funds for these schemes until
Chouhan said he is pleased that despite the increase in prices around the world, the work of providing fertilizers at affordable prices to farmers with subsidies of up to T 11 lakh crore is continuing.
In East Khasi Hills, 20 cases, 5 from BSF, 15 from civilians, in Ri Bhoi, 9 cases from civilians, 48 ​​cases from West Garo Hills, 39 from Trikikilla.
According to the PMGSY, roads in rural areas are under the responsibility of the State Governments which are the nodal agencies for implementation in the State.
Three persons have been arrested and the investigation is ongoing, said a statement from the CPP. Last month, officers of the CCP, Shillong seized five gold biscuits weighing Rs grams, and there was a man near Jorabad.
In a statement sent by the President of HYC-Umiam Circle, Shinestar Kharpan, said, “After the investigation by the members of the HYC, it was found that these people do not have proper documents to enter the country. and working inside our State but I am surprised how they escaped through the Infiltration Checkgate at Byrnihat, Ri Bhoi District.
This is due to the lack of information law within the District Councils.
He also said that the country is now the fastest to vaccinate against Covid and that this pace in vaccination will continue.
At the meeting, the Chief Minister said that the Congress party during the elections did not promise to implement the ILP if it came to power. they did not receive popular support.
Bansiew Khongkliam, a resident of Phlangshlain village and is undergoing treatment at Shillong Civil Hospital, has been injured in the accident. and poi sha street.
FKJGP General Secretary Wilbert Rani said that the army had already handed over the land to the government in 2000, but it could not be taken due to the refusal of JN Bawari. The Cantonment Board has not renewed the permit since 2005 and since that year the Cantonment Board has not renewed it.
Meghalaya’s victory not only reflects the individual prowess of its players but also underscores the importance of outstanding teamwork and strategic guidance provided by their dedicated coaching ensemble.
In the evening, the relatives of Luikham, accompanied by Forest officials, took the remains of Luikham from the Civil Hospital, Shillong and took them back to the quarter where he used to stay. The body was taken to Ukhrul, Manipur for the last rites.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today took action to ensure that the construction of the State Zoo, which has been under construction for more than a decade, is progressing and is expected to be opened now. u year.
The Department of Statistics and Program Implementation launched Special Campaign 3.0.
The awards will be given to the winners of any competitions such as sports and other winners held at the state level and above by the authorities recognized by the government.
He said that the establishment of various factories in the state has affected the people and the government has made a mistake because it has not given permission without proper rules.
This training will be conducted under the Systematic Voters' Education and Electoral Participation.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has expressed his deep sorrow to the country on the passing away of leaders who have served in various fields.
In 2018, women in India spent about 45.5 minutes every day fetching water to meet their household needs.
There are 194 cases in East Khasi Hills, 176 cases in West Garo Hills and 5 cases in West Jaintia Hills. you are well today.
These include Folk Song by the Youth Group of East Garo Hills District (Williamnagar), Folk Dance & One Act Play by the Youth Group of Jowai, Food Festival & Handicraft Exhibition by the Youth Group of East Khasi Hills District, Young Artist Camp (Painter) of East Khasi Hills District, Young Artist Camp ( Sculptor & Photographer ) of Ri-Bhoi District.
The coal trader was abducted on the 30th of this month.
On the allegation that he decided not to invite Bah HS Shylla and Bah Ardent B Basaiawmoit to the meeting on the 7th of this month at Laitkor Dorbar Pyllun to protest against the MUDA's crossing the border. The meeting is unfounded at all and this is unfounded.
To protest against this action of the central government, CoMSO, which is part of NEFIP, will hold a two-day Stay Off the Road Peaceful Protest on the 18th and 19th of this month. from 7 pm to 6 pm on the 18th and will repeat on the 19th and 6 pm on the 20th.
During the investigation, the driver and the passenger failed to produce any islands on the transportation of the sugar.
The main trade in this area is Mawshun, as this area is close to Shylhet where there are many dewbilat factories in this area and many of the factories in this area rely on Mawshun. This is the state of Meghalaya.
The Prime Minister said that it is necessary to take measures to use the technologies of the Digital Age at the same time. He said that there is a need to have adequate laws to protect against 40 types of crimes and the state government has moved forward to do so.
There are 179 cases in hospitals.
At the same time, Kong Ampareen expressed her gratitude to the NPP leaders who came together, which was an encouragement.
The fishermen receive insurance, financial assistance and Kisan Credit Cards as well.
The flag was hoisted by Ram Singh, Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills in the presence of DIG BSF in charge of Tura, Surjit Singh. Kumar, S. P. Tura.
A total of 16 teams from four countries, Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa participated.
Four persons have been selected for the medals in 2024, three from the Police Department and one from the Home Guard.
Shillong, Lber 27: Due to the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam and the issue of peace and order in the MP elections to be held on 19 June 2024, the Chief Secretary of the U Bah DP Wahlang has called a meeting today to discuss the issue.
Disparsing said that in fact it is the responsibility of the government to implement the Cabinet decision taken on 30th November when it comes to SSA teachers.
The remaining 10% will be allocated 5% to other ST/SCs of the state and 5% will be open to all residents of the state.
Besides this training, he also taught Hindi songs to the children and the songs he taught will now be broadcast on Star Plus television which will be broadcast from at 8.30 pm from Monday to Wednesday.
The meeting was led by Chancellor Mahbubul Hogue, Director Student Affairs Dr. Alpana Choudhury and Director USTM Shillong office.
The Parliamentary Secretary received the SMS on his mobile and immediately after receiving the demand for money, he lodged a complaint with the police. write kit.
Shillong, July 07: U Bah Louis Mujai, 46, teacher of Umpohwin Government LP School, Shillong, has passed away today.
Perhaps this is the right time to promote tourism in the Northeast.
He said, “The Shad Suk Mynsiem is a message to have good faith in all circumstances and to rejoice in what God has created.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner said that the Assam government has accepted the land and said that the school building was built on their land and questioned how the Meghalaya government came to build it. the house in the area.
This scheme is based on the 2011 census and those who have been registered in 2018, and once the census is released, the survey will be taken up again. to the poor household.
Schemes under NESIDS will be funded by the central government, such as water supply, electricity supply, construction of roads and especially tourist attractions and construction of buildings such as schools and health care facilities.
Meanwhile, from Iew Mythi under Pynursla Police station, BSF seized 12 cows worth Rs 2 lakh.
The search operation will continue and before taking any decision, the government will convene a meeting of all the departments involved in the search operation, such as the NRDF, Coal India Limited, Odisha Fire Service has not yet received any complaints.
However, with this incident which has caused unrest in the state, the violence between the state government and the KSU has affected the peace and order. The illegally created rebel groups by the government have continued to deteriorate the peace process.
The BJP President said that nearly 30% of the youth have been affected by alcohol abuse. Union Home Minister Amit Shah has made it clear that he will not allow this alcohol abuse and on 7th July 2023 they will hold a march against drugs.
“This disease can even take a life if you don’t take timely treatment.
Out of the 60 voters, only 56 voters have been able to vote. The party does not have any voters from the Legislature party because there are no MLAs. MPCC President Vincent H Pala, Wansuk Syiem, Dr RC Laloo and others who have been elected to vote have arrived in Meghalaya. the AICC is 100%.
Bah Syiem is a prominent figure in various fields in relation to economic development and social affairs.
Shillong, June 08: Ka KSU Mawlai Circle on 8th June 2024 after receiving a tip on the presence of mynderi in Mawlai area, has seized a bus. you have thousands of pictures.
The President of the party, Conrad K Sangma today announced the names of 58 candidates except 19-Shillong South and Mairang. the party that comes from another party.
To grow niamgryndia it is necessary to provide good food so that it will grow well.
They also demanded that the Meghalaya government should immediately release Michael Warjri as he has been arrested by the Assam police.
The HNLC congratulates all the members of the HNLC who lost their lives in the struggle but have received the rank of martle. while you can.
The Prime Minister stressed that the government has taken steps to increase the number of infrastructure projects in order to empower the people and to increase income by opening up jobs for the people. fine.
At the same meeting, the new leaders of the party also expressed their gratitude to Bah MH Dkhar for doing many things for the party. They also blessed him and prayed that God would bless him, so that he would have a healthy body and prosperity in all aspects of his life.
Many Congress leaders were present to pay tribute to him and a wreath laying ceremony was held in front of his portrait at Congress Bahvan Shillong.
Shillong, March 18: Shillong Police today arrested the Assistant Information Secretary of the FKJGP, Bah Regional Thabah of the Central Body of the FKJGP.
The ADG of BSF said that the ADG of BSF has paid tribute to the soldiers who died in the war between Meghalaya and Bangladesh. A memorial ceremony was held at Killapara in West Garo Hills District.
Jymmang 01: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) has warned the Achik Conscious Crime (ACHIK) not to mislead the people of the state regarding the how to work with the roster system.
The Minister said that the installation of CCTV cameras is to monitor the movement of patients inside the hospital and the installation of PA System is to ensure that if they run away to be caught, they will be called. you can.
The leading states in terms of adoption (number of treatments) of eSanjeevani are Tamil Nadu (1044446), Karnataka (936658), Uttar Pradesh (842643), Andhra Pradesh (835432), Madhya Pradesh (250135), Gujarat (240422), Bihar (153957), Kerala (127562), Maharashtra (127550) and Uttarakhand (103126).
During these two days of the meeting of the Lympung Ki Khynnah Seng Khasi Sein Raij, there was a ceremony by the leaders of the Khasi Sein Raij. children have through various competitions.
These four persons, including two MAWA officials, Bah Junestar Kharbuli and Arjun Seva, were welcomed at Mawiongrim by the residents of Mawiongrim this evening.
“The Prime Minister said that we must look after the people who can spread the disease in order to prevent the spread of the disease and testing and follow-up is an important part.
Until 20th June, it will be seen how people are following the curfew in every city, every police station, every district and every state.
Shillong, July 03: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District today directed all political parties to remove their posters around Shillong and other places according to the law. the rules are set.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: Two elderly men have been shot dead by the residents of Nongthliew village on charges of attempting to rape a girl.
She also said that degrees cannot change a person’s views.
The complaint was registered at Laban P.S C/No.61(7)2023 U/S 379 IPC. On a tip-off, the suspect was arrested from Shallang and the bike was seized. seizure of this bag.
The Minister of Public Health Engineering (PHE), Marcuise N. Marak, said the department has set a target of reaching 5 lakh deliveries of umkor by November this year.
These are rejuvenated and newly embedded within the organization.
Speaking on the failure of the internet before 2014, Minister Duh said that this is different from today when the price of internet in India is one of the lowest in the world.
It will also present the young footballers with a stepping stone to club-level senior football and give Meghalaya one of the strongest football structures in the country.
The death toll has risen to 10 from East Khasi Hills, 6 from West Garo Hills, 1 from West Garo Hills, 1 from South West Garo Hills, 1 from North Garo Hills and 1 from South Garo Hills. It has risen to
The elections will witness the increase of 1.8 crore young voters to take part in the polls for the first time in their lives.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister also distributed 1350 Shawla to the villagers which have been built by the Land Department of the State Government. villages have benefited through the MBDA and such centers will be opened up to 72 centers across the state.
The National Jal Jeevan Mission has sent several teams of experts to assist these states to better implement the scheme.
Finally, Dr. Rica urged the students to avoid these types of alcoholic beverages and not just to start drinking because once drunk you can't break the chain of it. .
Shillong, Naitung 30: The residents of Pomlum to Dawki village have faced many problems due to the deterioration of the road, where many small vehicles to reach Dawki have to pass through Mawlynnong village.
He said that the MPCC Election Committee will hold a meeting tomorrow to discuss the party's candidates for the upcoming mid-term elections in the state. Rajabla, you have the spirit of election in Mawphlang.
However, he said the meeting has decided that the enforcement of 144 CrPC will apply only to three places in Shillong namely the Assembly Hotel, City Hut Dhaba, Wards Lake, Polo to Urkaliar.
The purpose of the District Council is to ensure that the Hima Hima runs smoothly. When there are any problems, it is the duty of the Council to ensure that the customs and traditions are preserved. “I don't know why,” said Bah Living.
He said that the state has only 436 government doctors in the state. As in the field of education and health, the government urges the private sector to come forward to join hands. with the government.
This was seen through the speech of the Deputy Chief Minister in the media.
“You should follow the example of Mowlber and Psiar villages, because these villages have rejected the development schemes of Assam such as light, schools and others,” he said.
Police have seized drugs, a vehicle and mobile phones from the four.
The sloit and dewthala of the power of the children of the thousand of the Hima as a whole has turned into a ring sdot and ring swai of the Hima by preventing even many of those who gathered to take part in the ban. maindur the Hima according to the passage of time.
“We will wait for a few months, and soon we will meet with the Minister in charge of this, Kong Roshan Warjri but if there is no sign, there is no sign that the government will withdraw these troops. “We will hold a meeting immediately and announce a strong protest,” said Bah Julius Nongtdu President HNYF-East Jaintia Zone.
Dawki, Jymmang 28: Bangladeshis today at 2 pm crossed into India through the Dawki River and stole 40 boats belonging to people from Darang village, according to the police. The owners of the boat lodged a complaint at the police station in Dawki today.
The Chief Minister's Secretary said that the Affordable Housing Scheme has been implemented only in Ampati and only about 100 households have benefited.
On this important issue which can improve the quality of medical training for the students this evening, 21st October 2022, members of the KSU including Samla Lambok Starwell Marngar President, Samla Donald V Thabah General Secretary and members of the union have met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James P Sangma, to seek clarification on the Shillong Medical College.
On the other hand, the residents of Mawshut urged the KHADC to remove the Sordar Shnong and hold another election.
The deterioration of this road from Riat Mawpaid to Dangngar and in these days there has been a maintenance of this road and seeing this there is a lack of contractors to improve this road the BSF troops have taken them. car ban ai bam.
Due to the incomplete construction of all the roads, the compensation has already been released to the land owners.
After several months of research, a complete article has been produced which can be followed for the creation of the Khasi almanac in the years to come.
To see all this, the group went throughout the village.
The meeting discussed the Congress party's accusation against the BJP that it is a religious party. In this regard, the BJP has clarified that as a party it respects all religions. don in this country, as a party stands on the basis of respect for all religions.
Shillong, July 11: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah PN Syiem today said that they are aware that the money belonging to the three Autonomous District Councils of Meghalaya has been allocated by the central government. You don't have a bad state government.
' said Aihok.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: U Wanshwa Nongtdu today met with the Minister in charge of Rural Development, AT Mondal to discuss the issue of They have urged the government to implement the Lumshong C&RD Block which was inaugurated by the Chief Minister on 5/12/2
Shillong, Lber 28: The Ministry of Trade and Industry in the state has held a meeting to discuss how to improve the production of food items, the distribution system and also to as a tourist destination under the National Mission on Food Processing scheme.
Shillong, November 05: The BSF from 110 Battalion today conducted a free medical treatment to the residents of the villages on the border with Bangladesh.
Shillong, November 30: The Khasi-Pnar community today celebrated the 160th death anniversary of the hero Kiang Nangbah who was assassinated by the British at Iew Mawsiang in West Jaintia Hills District.
The 40 refugees are from Amjong village on the border of Meghalaya and Assam in Ri Bhoi District. Their citizenship certificates were confiscated by the Deputy Commissioner of Meghalaya. Ri Bhoi District.
When was the survey conducted to find out that Mawlai is a slum area? When was the development work done in Mawlai? All the residents of Mawlai are satisfied. He said that the Minister of Urban Affairs has forcibly demolished Mawlai in the Slum Area.
This will be a great step forward in bringing peace in this State.
New Delhi, Nailar 11: The Income Tax Department of India has conducted an investigation against several traders in Meghalaya who are suspected of illegal trade in which has installed petrol pumps in Meghalaya.
Na 25-Mawsynram bah Himalaya  Muktan Shangpliang, 26-Shella kong Arena Hynniewta, 27-Pynursla bah Rowelly Khongsni,  28-Sohra bah Micheal Ronnie Kshiar, 29- Mawkynrew bah Counsellor Mukhin, 30-Mairang bah Mark Rinaldy Sawkmie, 31-Mawthadraishan kong Darikmen L.Marshillong, 32-Nongstoin bah Diosstarness Jyndiang.
“Trucks have been stopped about 12 to 15 times at the Police Outposts on the National Highways to check for overloading, illegal coal smuggling and checking the documents of the trucks. “It is not allowed to demand T.100 to T.500 from each truck carrying stone, mawria, dewbilat, dpei coal and from trucks carrying food items,” said the MJAC. The police demand money from us during the day and in the evening.
On this day, the Army will again demonstrate the bike riding and other demonstrations at Madan Polo.
Shillong, Lber 09: U Thomas Sangma today was elected as the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly without any opposition, said Pro-Tem Speaker Timothy D Shira. council house.
The KSU would also like to inform the government that Mawsynram Block was established in 1962 and has been in existence for nearly 59 years.
The Bill is the central plan of the UPA government to ensure that the people get their rights by enacting a law to allow the people to get their rights and to correct the mistakes that have been made. The previous governments have done this in relation to the payment of the land of the people where the government has taken it.
Many of those who spoke to SP News Agency expressed their satisfaction with this action of the police as most of the vehicles parked improperly on the side of the road are private vehicles and most of the time the police They didn't want to say anything but this incident showed that the police have done their job.
Through Twitter, the Prime Minister said that those who have already tested negative have been evacuated to isolation facilities around the country and tonight all of them have been evacuated.
Shillong, November 05: The PWD (Building) Department of the Government of Meghalaya is now preparing to construct the Governor's Residence at Danagre at Tura in West Garo Hills District.
Many of the aspirations of the state and the BJP allows every citizen to express themselves.
Shillong, Nailar 17: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma in a meeting with the Chiefs of Mawlai Town Dorbar in the presence of the Chief Minister's Secretary, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday urged the government to guns don't matter to people.
At the same time, he said that it is impossible to avoid because there is a need for buildings for tourists but it should not affect the beauty of nature.
We also held a meeting of the NECC today.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government has taken action to implement the Entry and Exit Points and this issue is of concern to all.
The Lamphang urged the people to read Khasi books and Khasi newspapers, as a nation there will be only 15 lakh people. to preserve their own language.
Shillong, July 22: The driver of a bus from Kolapara, Gasuapara police station, was abducted at 7.00 pm today. well-armed soldiers.
The Boys Sport Company of Assam Rifle currently provides training in four sports, Wushu, Boxing, Hockey and Weight Lifting.
Their payment should also be the same as the payment within AIMS, as at present they do not receive any payment in terms of risk to their lives, travel expenses, telephone expenses.
He said that according to Justice (Retired) BP Katakey, who was appointed by the Meghalaya High Court to oversee the implementation of the orders of the Supreme Court and NGT, the State Government has informed that the Supreme Court has not yet decided. To stop the mining of coal, the coal mined has reached 32 lakh metric tonnes.
Shillong, Lber 13: The Mawlaingut Dorbar Shnong and Diengiei Durbar Area have held a rally to condemn the killing of Bah Omeka Myrthong from Mawlaingut Village, Diengiei District. .
The Government has sent all the necessary equipment and medicines to provide treatment to the people in the area who are affected by this disease. protect the people of Tura.
On the other hand, the police who were patrolling the road from Raj Bhavan to NEHU when they saw this behavior of the KSU tried to drive them away and this behavior almost led to a clash between the KSU. On the other hand, Samla Thabah said that what the KSU wants is that they were able to carry the placards and after the discussion they stopped and left the road at the time of the incident. The president said, but they were able to carry placards to express their opposition.
The purpose of the M-TABS is to encourage the students to learn how to use computers which is very important in this age through the internet.
KSU General Secretary Auguster Jyrwa said that the KSU leaders have unanimously decided to temporarily suspend the protests from this moment of announcement until the first month of July
He said that if they have to do that, they have to think carefully, because this affects the customs and traditions.
Therefore, the DC (Supply) has ordered the EAC (Supply) to take over the company by the authority of the Supply Department by opening a port for the purpose of distributing to the customers. public.
Shillong, June 01: The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Bah MH Kharkrang, on Tuesday said that it is sad to see that the number of cases of rape of women in the state has increased. state that gives honor to women.
Referring to the MP candidate for the Rajya Sabha, the Chief Minister said that the MDA has taken the decision to contest Dr WR Kharshiing and it is not the decision of the NPP alone. The NPP party, which leads the government, encourages dialogue and consultation on any issue within the MDA as it is necessary to consult. All those who are in the government.
Because the five-day report of the five circles of the party to the police department has expired.
Apparently, we gave approval for the construction of boats, parking lots, toilets, and sidewalks within this park.
Dr. Bhagwat Kishanrao Karadu spoke about the withdrawal of government funding and said that this has become like a mass protest now because many people now want to take part in this.
Police investigation is ongoing.
These guidelines include maintaining a distance of 3 to 4 feet from each other, hygiene by washing hands regularly with soap, wearing masks, protective clothing, and responsibility for cleaning of equipment and machinery used in agriculture.
Another demand is that the government should implement a policy to employ Garo in those areas which they have not yet been able to fill from their employment quota. ACHIK has staged a protest.
Regarding his visit to Meghalaya, he did not come to discuss any issues but the visit was a welcome visit to the state as mentioned by the Chief Minister. Conrad K Sangma, as the Chief Ministers of the states are members of the Niti Aayog.
On Saturday morning, some people burnt shaka on the roads in parts of Ri Bhoi District to express their regret that the Minister of Home Affairs of India has not said anything regarding the The Union Home Minister Amit Shah's silence has shocked the civil society groups who have demanded the implementation of ILP in Meghalaya as approved by the Legislative Assembly. state.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah C Lyngdoh Additional Commissioner, Transport Department, Government of Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the Chief Superintendent of Police of Ri Bhoi District said that the robbers used gas ot nar to cut the safe, but they could not cut it as they had planned.
The government is struggling to ensure that the students in the rural areas have the opportunity to go to school. WR Kharlukhi, Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui and others on this occasion also unveiled the statue of Bah Shrolenson Marbaniang, the founder of the College.
The Director said that 18 people have recovered from the disease today, 14 from West Jaintia Hills, 2 from East Jaintia Hills and 2 from East Khasi Hills.
He said that the difference between the current registration and the previous one is that now each registered resident will receive a Smart Card. before that four people could be added to a single card.
It shows that these complainants have already filed a complaint not only against the Sordar but against the seven authorities namely KHADC, EC, KHADC, CEM KHADC, EM i/c Elaka, Joint Secretary and The lawyers were on behalf of the plaintiffs, Bah HS Thangkhiew.
Most of the ASHA workers come from poor families but their job is to work with the mothers in the rural areas to improve their health and especially to the children.
“The government accepts comments if they point out mistakes and suggestions in a timely manner, but to criticize like the TUR leader cannot be accepted. said Prestone.
The Gujarat Minister was accompanied by a delegation from the Gujarat Health Department.
The march started from the Gorkha Patshala School ground and marched around Shillong carrying placards to express the demand for Gorkhaland. The demand, which now falls within the state of West Bengal.
Shillong, Lber 16: “It is better to lose our lives than to lose our land,” said HANM President Lamphrang Kharbani. on the second day of the meeting held at the Dorbar Hall in Umstain District.
The total number of cows planned to be sent is
The KJCE Union at its Executive Committee on 21st January 2017, which is also Meghalaya Day, has agreed to express its strong opposition and concern to the incidents of violence and ill-treatment. -ijot to women and children in this state.
It is worth mentioning that in the past years, there has been a problem for the road construction department of the state government because there has been a desire to change the route of this road in Umsning.
There were 16768 candidates in Shillong and 8175 candidates in Tura, a total of 24,9
Therefore, the KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit calls upon all the paradoh parasnam in our area and also in the whole of Hynniewtrep to stand together and especially to join hands in this struggle so that it will be successful.
The absence of the candidate from the KHADC has surprised the MDCs who have come to the House to take part in the election to elect a new CEM in the KHADC. The Protem Chairman of KHADC has conducted the election of the new CEM according to the order of the Governor of KHADC. The Protem Chairman of the House has appointed the Protem Chairman to announce that Bah HS Shylla has won without any opposition.
The police station was inaugurated by the IGP Central Western Range LR Bisjnoi.
“The Prime Minister spoke about the Prime Minister's vision and said that the youth will decide the path of progress and the decision is not only for the government alone.
Ms Langdoh alleged that this violence by the police is a violation of human rights in which no one is allowed to live in peace and prosperity with a change of heart.
He said that it is true that those who have been affected by the closure of the smit market are the people of Mawkynrew Constituency because all the people of this area rely on this market, but as requested by them. government authorities had to prevent public gatherings.
Police have registered a case and the investigation is ongoing.
Albinush R Marak has been appointed as the new CEM of GHADC from the NPP party. On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, party leader, has congratulated the new CEM. It will be a good thing for the people of the Garo people.
An environment of consensus has been created to implement the new education policy, while on the other hand, work is ongoing to implement the new health policy.
Everyone had looks full of concern, everyone had their fears.
“In order to allow the members of the House to read and consider the report, we would like to inform you that the report should be sent to the Select Committee.
Regarding the protest by the civil society, he said that the government should not ensure that only the tenancy can prevent the influx of foreigners or the civil society should not ensure that only the tenancy can prevent the influx of foreigners. ILP cannot be protected.
Children should be an important part of the media and their vulnerability should not be taken advantage of.
Speaking to media, Donbok strongly condemned the incident and said that they will meet with the district authorities to arrest all those involved immediately. to the Country and the Nation.
In the death of Dohkha in 2010, coal was blamed and now that there is no coal mining, why is this river in the state colorful and the people living in this area don't want to use it anymore? river.
In fact, this PHC has been improving from time to time since 2011. Before this, this PHC was operating well only on market days according to the information of the union. thank the staff there for working hard for the people today.
This action of the central government in this way is dangerous because the Panchayatiraj has been banned here, while the rules within the committee are that everyone should participate.
The Minister said that according to the soskular prepared by the government, it is clear that the company will have to hire people from this state. said the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
We stand firm in our determination to make timely changes so that electrical works become environmentally friendly.
“They (the manager of the French Transport Company) came to speak but the way they spoke was wrong.
Minor issues such as the delay in updating the list of beneficiaries at some pharmacies have been resolved.
India now has the fifth largest economy and is growing twice as fast as the world economy.
The cost of this will be T.161.64 crore.
Through this statement, I would like to express my satisfaction after having the opportunity to read and see through the media about the unity of the leaders of political parties like UDP, HSPDP, NPP, GNC and private leaders, to to stand and demand for the sake of discussion on the issue that is necessary and demanded at this time – the Inner Line Permit (ILP) and peace and stability.
He said the decision taken by the government was sudden without consultation with the principals of colleges in the state.
Speaking at the meeting, Lambokstarwell Marngar, President of the Students' Union, said that in these 79 years, the poet Soso Tham has passed away. they shall live, and shall pass on from generation to generation.
According to the JYF, the influx of foreign workers into Meghalaya is due to the government's lack of attention to the implementation of the ILP. Unlike in Mizoram & Nagaland, foreigners have to stay for only 15 days and then leave.
The meeting was conducted by Bah RM Shabong, owner of Rupang newspaper.
If the state receives revenue right into the government's budget, the party has no complaint, but that it will go to anyone's budget. don't collect illegal money.
Major David is also an alumnus of APS who graduated from Class XII in
The Prime Minister spoke to Rinku Kumar, employee of the Delhi Metro Tunnel, Dwarka, New Delhi in the presence of Delhi Lieutenant Governor Vinai Saxena.
As the two-year Azadi campaign has come to an end, the 'MeriMaatiMeraDesh-MaatiKoNamanVeeron of Vandan' is a celebration of the land and courage of India.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 96,708 people have tested positive for COVID-19, 95,046 have recovered and 1,622 have died. after.
At the same time, the CEM congratulated all the MDCs of KHADC who are contesting the MDC elections at this time. to follow up on the bills which the KHADC has already passed for the protection of the nation.
Ed training on how to register on the Swayam Portal to receive the courses of Diploma in Elementary Education (D.El.
Shillong, Nailar 12: The BJP Meghalaya President Shibun Lyngdoh in the presence of State Vice President David Kharsati and BJYM President Egenstar Kurkalang, in the presence of members of the BJP Meghalaya, Shibun Lyngdoh. The party has opened its office in Smit.
Shillong, Nailar 11: The EJNC Sanshnong Circle under the leadership of the President of the EJNC Unit, Bah Lektor Dkhar and the President of the EJNC, Bah Kelling Phawa today met with the Executive Engineer to discuss the issue. Replacement of transformer in Mutong village.
It is learned that there has been a discussion within the party that one person should do one job, but after the death of the MDC, a change has come in which the ticket has been given to the MLA. Maiter said that he will work hard to work for the NPP party. I cannot give the number but my followers will not be less than
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MDC Mawkynrew Constituency, said that as a leader in a small position as an MDC, he has tried to provide the most accurate and clean service. He said that as a leader of the people, he has many responsibilities to distribute all the schemes without discrimination for the benefit of the constituency as a whole. to promote economic development and so on but to achieve all these it is essential to get the cooperation of the people.
Bindo M Lanong said that once you go to the court to file a complaint, all the works will stop, the works of government to government and once you go to the court, you will have to stop.
The arrested are Thangsiam Haokip, 24, T. Sonlian, 22, Hatneikim Kuki, 21, of Shillong.
At this meeting in Shillong, they will decide to postpone the talks between the two Chief Ministers on the border issue.
The Umngi Bridge is a popular place for visitors, at the same time it is also a place where people stop to go outside but the lack of a public toilet has put visitors away. If you don't have another way, you have to go to the forests in that area.
These villages which have been severely affected by the storm include Umdiker, Mawser, Wahlakhar and Umshorshor which are only 9 km from Umsning in Ri-Bhoi.
Political parties and leaders should not make misleading statements to the people without any basis in their statements.
"On Thursday, the drivers of the All Meghalaya Tourist Taxi Association stopped transporting passengers and arrested all the drivers throughout the city and surrounding areas as a protest. The group has decided to end the strike tomorrow Saturday.
The Chowkidar, who used to wait at the MGCC office, said that the robbers came in a scooty and according to the video from the CCTV of the MGCC office, it was understood that it was at 11 o'clock. :39 pm on Tuesday night a petrol bomb was detonated at the parking lot in the ground floor of the office.
The District Administration of East Khasi Hills District has been preparing the site in many areas, from the cleaning of the road by PWD, the construction of the rynsan, the preparation of the the seats of the people who have been invited to this meeting with the President.
The appointment of these two BJP leaders as spokespersons is to strengthen the work of the party especially in the powers they have prepared for the MLA elections in
The meeting unanimously decided that the Government should revise and increase the price of insurance for all vehicles, and also the Government should immediately take action against commercial vehicles from Assam. and from other states.
Assistance will also be provided for travel expenses, hostel and food expenses and this assistance will continue until they are employed after completion of the training. through Aadhaar.
In this Bill, only a few Khasi in Bhoi have been allowed to become Rongbia which means that if there is a household that has been determined to lose its jaid, only one person from the household is allowed to become Rongbia. This Rongbia is used to marry a non-Khasi woman to protect the race of the mother.
At the meeting, it was informed that the Vice Chancellor has lodged a complaint at Tura Police Station on the 14th of this month, and these groups have placed their trust in the law enforcement agencies to take responsibility. by conducting a thorough investigation into the recent incident.
At this meeting, there were also other speakers from the leaders of the party who came from all over Ri Khasi Jaintia who carried placards to express to the world that they need freedom, it is the body. of them and only from them can the decision be taken.
This shows the commitment of the Government to the States of the region.
In his speech, Ram Muivah Secretary NEC congratulated the scientists and expressed his satisfaction with the benefits of this scheme.
In his speech, Bah HM Shangpliang said that the police force also has a major role to play in this regard.
Regarding the permission to open training centres, the committee meets once a year and the government will decide whether to hold two or three meetings. The Government has asked for feedback from the colleges and then the Government will take a decision.
If the government had taken seriously the demands of the teachers, they would not have reached this point where they would have taken a decision to strike indefinitely.
There are about 10,000 Mizos who have left the state.
To ensure that such incidents do not happen again in the future and hope that peace will return to Manipur, the MSCW urges the relevant authorities to provide assistance to all those affected. In this bloodshed which has been going on for more than three months in the state.
Shillong, Lber 05: NPP candidate Albinush R Marak has won the election for the post of Chief Executive Member of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) today. .
The arrest was made in collaboration between the BSF and the State Police in Kuliang area of ​​East Jaintia Hills District.
He said that according to the target, the project will be completed by 2020 and as of now the work is in progress and it is hoped that Bah Shylla will complete it on time.
The college was established in 2000 and was taken over by the government in
Therefore, as of now, there is no emergency and there is no reason for the Governor to hold elections that cannot work,” said KHNAM in a statement sent by Working President Bah Thomas. Pass.
He said that according to the RTI received from the DC of West Khasi Hills District, there are 30 vacancies and those of the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority where there are vacancies, but because there is no service rule. this office is in trouble.
New Delhi, Nailur 30: In preparation for the implementation of the National Food Security Act in all the States and Union Territories of India, the Act has been approved by the President of India. India.
The JYF, with its deep sorrow over the temporary suspension of the Daloi who are the chief rulers of Jaintia Hills, has misbehaved or mistreated their mother (JHADC), which is in charge of the They shall govern their Elaka in accordance with the rules empowered to them by the District Council.
What they want is that whatever powers the state government has over Tripura Land should also have the same time to protect the villagers to get the same rights.
To ensure that citizens with disabilities enjoy their rights under the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act such as the right to health, employment, education, governance and and action will also be taken on the provision of facilities and sports equipment for them.
In this regard, the Federation of Khasi States has from time to time attempted to explain to the Government and KHADC that they should talk to the Government of India to implement the promises under the IOA & AA 17 August 1948.
Shillong, March 30: U Bah Auguster Jyrwa, Secretary of the Meghalaya People's Committee on Aadhaar, today said that all those who came to submit a letter of request to cancel Aadhaar at the office of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU). There are 220 people in the country.
Others who laid wreaths included the Seng Raid Shillong, the Congress party and many private individuals also laid wreaths in honor of these freedom fighters.
The HYC urges the Meghalaya government to immediately release the salaries of SSA teachers. The HYC demands that the salaries of SSA teachers should be increased and they should be recruited as government teachers. Shillong, November 06: U Bah Lambor Malngiang, Governor of Meghalaya State, today announced that he will continue to work in the country. The Planning Board, which is also the MLA of the area, announced at a meeting held at Parish St. Joseph Laitkor that the St. Joseph's Social and Cultural Organization will receive a hall to train the youth to work in the fields. you shall not stand on your own feet.
Shillong, March 10: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today met with the Superintendent of Police, Bah Stephan Rynjah regarding the shooting of a member of the HYC at NEHU last night.
The fire broke out at the 132/33 KV Sub-Station, 2×20 MVA Sub-Station, Moowakhu.
The Bangladeshis took away the bike of the abductee.
Raplang Sumer was elected as President, Ronsing Lawai as General Secretary, Iaineh Shylla as Vice President, Scalliang Basaiawmoit as Finance Secretary, Publicity Secretary as Sngewbha Lysing Sylliang as Secretary Ronsing Lawai. Political Secretary- John Ryntathiang, Education Secretary- Bah Kynsai Nengnong, SportSecretary- Phrangsngi Nongrem, Transport Secretary- Shining Rangslang, Office Secretary- Horesling Syiemlieh.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, said that so far 9344 samples have been taken, 8993 have tested negative and 320 results are pending.
The Assam government's decision to set up the new police station came after the Bodh Gaya bomb blast in Bihar.
The three leaders who have joined the BJP include Dr Wansainbor A Lyngwi from Sohra, Bah Meialam Kharmalki from Upper Shillong Sawmer and Bah Elnathan Ryntathiang from Umlyngka.
The Seng as our deadline has expired and therefore we will soon take strong decisions this month on this issue and to prepare strong measures against the District authorities' compliance with the demands of the Seng and theirs. public The area.
The Cabinet of Ministers of the State Government on Thursday approved the Service Rules,
Promotion of research and innovation in the fields of climate change, innovative technologies, preservation of traditional ways of life, writing systems and endangered languages to extinction and backward areas and a Data Center and also a central hub for information on income generation opportunities.
O51 hectares of land.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: BSF troops at Naljuri in East Jaintia Hills District have seized a bike which was intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh.
The former MLA and his supporters were welcomed by the party president Dr Donkupar Roy in the presence of Bindo Lanong, Titos Chyne, Allantry Franklin Dkhar, General Secretary, Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, and Joint Secretary in charge of Garo Hills, Anand Marak.
As the party has always stood on the same basis against uranium and pre-uranium development activities, it now strongly opposes this two lane road.
This initiative by the Central Bureau of Communication, Government of India will emphasize the need for cleanliness and access to healthy food to ensure the health and wealth of all.
From 1 War East: Lamdibok Sumer (INC), Stephanson Mukhim (Independent), Medalin M Swer (UDP) and Lostsing Lakuna (Independent).
Furthermore, Bah John F Kharshiing also thanked the parents who have given their support to their children to encourage them to participate in sports and also to go through the Meghalaya Sports Policy for the benefit of the children. the son.
About nine members of the Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) have been arrested after they threw stones at police and magistrates who prevented them from marching to the Secretariat on Tuesday.
Violet Lyngdoh (NPP) from 23 Rymbai-Khliehriat, Piwell Shylla (Independent) from Musniang-Rangad constituency, Amos Dkhar (UDP) from Musniang-Rangad and Vice Alson Nongtdu (INC) from Narwan-24-Sutnga constituency. .
They also said that in the past, the State Police Department has recruited youths aged 27 to 32 years for the post of SI. The age limit has been increased to 26 years which does not meet the needs of the youth.
As the union, we express our opposition to the Government's plan through the Urban Affairs Department to relocate the Marten to Nonghali.
At the same time, the government is waiting for a letter from the HNLC regarding the peace talks.
On the other hand, Ms Roshan congratulated the college for planting trees around the college and the Minister was accompanied by Dr (Dr) E Lyngdoh, Rev IW Nongsiej and u Rev SL Warjri.
On the other hand, the Hima has requested Bah John F Kharshiing, to continue the collection of secrets in collaboration with the youth Smit, school children, Smit Village Authorities, Bakhraw Batri and the Syiem of Khyrim Hima, in It is suggested to invite other schools to participate in the Pomblang which will be held on the 10th & 11th November
The PMEGP is a loan program implemented by the Ministry of MSME since 2008-0
He said that the distribution of food items at the Aganwadi Centers should be 25 days a month and if anyone does not distribute food items, the people can lodge a complaint. which is related to the distribution of food through the food distribution centre.
Many residents and members of the committee of the 3 villages as well as Bah WMS Pariat, IAS who has recently retired from the post of Chief Secretary on the issue of how to to improve traffic safety, clean up the GS Road and especially to have cooperation between the Police Department, PWD, PHE and the Durbar Shnongs and the public.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Samran Syiem, General Secretary, said that the Minister has promised to visit the marten in Mawlai and after that he will be able to visit the marten. decide how to solve problems.
This is the ninth time that GST collection has crossed T1.6 lakh crore.
The Minister of the department has called a press conference to announce that if the government can allocate its own department for the PMGSY to implement the projects.
There are 136 participants from Meghalaya.
Police suspect that the KSU leader may have been involved in the robbery.
Speaking to media, the Minister said the construction of the Byrnihat-Shillong railway project had to be suspended due to many objections from various groups.
Minister Duh said India has worked for the establishment of a global level center of WHO in India by looking at traditional health systems.
Dr Mukul said where is the wind of the BJP, look at the elections in West Bengal and Tamil Nadu how many votes the BJP got. Turning to Assam, the Chief Minister said that the Congress has been in power for 100 years. This has been too long and the people have wanted change. If you look at who will form the BJP in Assam, it is the Congress people who have gone with the party.
Birbor Riangten, leader of the union, said that the mistake is not their fault but the fault of the government, even though they have taught for more than 40 years just because they did not pass the Meghalaya Teachers Eligibility Test. MTET) have been dismissed.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: Leaders of the Congress party have come forward to express their position on the Reservation Policy and Roster System.
The Prime Minister said that what was in the budget, but what they have spent is more than the budget, so they have to ask for more money from the House and if there is no way they have to go to the payment. government.
In his speech , Bah Metbah urged the students of Don Lang Schools to continue to work hard and congratulated the Dorbar Shnong Mawnai for taking the I urge you to continue to award such awards in the coming years.
He said that if the Garo demand Greater Garo Land, the party will demand Khasi Jaintia Land, just like the Assamese get Assam, Mizo and Mizoram and so on. .
National parties come and go in the State but there is no single party that can provide the right services and these cannot solve the problems of Meghalaya.
Also present at the meeting was SP Bah N.Lamare, Dolloi of Rymbai Elaka.
State Governments and security forces to strengthen our border areas, and provide technological solutions to prevent natural disasters in the region.
It is a fact that the police department is very busy in terms of justice and other duties which the police have to perform according to the rules of law empowered to them.
This increase in the number of voters was 34783, female voters 17687 and male voters 17096, which is the highest number of female voters.
The LJK was led by Rgh JSR Syiemlieh and Rgh Renold Rani, Treasurer of the committee.
Bah Metbah Lyngdoh at the opening ceremony organized by the District Medical and Health Officer, Nongstoin in collaboration with the Directorate of Health Services (MI), Meghalaya and the Health Engineering Wing, Meghalaya. , Shillong.
According to the information received, it is understood that according to the preparations, this road will be 70 km long and the cost for the construction of this road and the payment of the land will be up to T.500/- crore. amount.
The Chairman, KHADC was urged to set up a special committee of 12-15 MDCs of Mylliem Hima to take action to discuss the issue. Act 2007 and Rule 2015 to bring peace to the people.
The government has invited applications for this post in June 2016 and the competition was held in April and November 2016 and those selected have written their examination at in April and June 2017 but the government has not yet announced the results.
Shillong, Nailar 07: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today visited the Govt LP School at Shohphria. your salary.
Once the MDCs have received the report, they will be able to indicate whether they accept or not, and if they do not, they will have to submit a written statement to the EC on how to proceed with the investigation.
The team will return to the state in July and November before submitting its report to JICA in November. Government of India and Government of Meghalaya.
If they operate as a society, we don't have any problems but what is needed is that they have to inform the Dorbar Shnong what they have to do.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Kharshiing informed Shri Rahul Gandhi that it is urgent to create mechanisms to clarify the powers, status and responsibilities of the Rulers and to express these rights in the Constitution of India. to provide for the Dorbars under the Constitution of India.
He added that the registration of more than 17,000 PACS units within two months was an achievement.
The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has withdrawn from the peace talks table with the Government and after a rebel group known as Terrorizers111 has sent an email to the High Courts of the States and including the Meghalaya High Court threatening to blow up bombs.
On hearing of this incident, the residents of Pahamriioh village tried to help extinguish the fire but due to the flames they could not do anything until the fire truck arrived, but all and the treasures were burned up, and the vessels of the field were destroyed.
The welcome speech was delivered by Pa,im Dr.Balajied Sing Syiem of Hima Khyrim. The meeting was conducted by Minister B Sohtun. Sing Syiem, on this occasion, the Ministers of the Hima were also present to witness this occasion.
Shillong, March 23: U Bah Charles Pyngrope MLA Nongthymmai, one of the leaders of the Congress Legislative Party, on Tuesday said that there is no demand to replace the leader of the Congress Legislative Party.
Next month, it will send the Revive Guidelines to the Central Government,” said the President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (KHADC). The Council will later introduce a Bill to hold the Monolith Festival every year.
On the closing ceremony of the week, the Principal of the College, Dr Eureka FP Lyngdoh, welcomed the students and said that the college encourages the students to participate in the take part in sports games.
The Government has ordered that vehicles carrying goods passing through these bridges should not exceed the tone set by the State Government to protect these two bridges. bridge.
The case was investigated by Sub Inspector Mihir Sinha. The case was investigated by Sub Inspector Mihir Sinha.
The KSU expresses its gratitude to the government especially to the Forest Minister James Sangma and the forest department as a whole, said Donal V Thabah General Secretary of the KSU.
Shillong, Naitung 24: There are 88 new cases of COVID-19 in East Jaintia Hills, 22 in East Khasi Hills, 22 in Ri Bhoi, 5 in South West Garo Hills and 5 in South West Garo Hills. West Garo Hills 52, West Jaintia Hills 3 cases.
They say,'Cleanliness is closest to being 'godly'
Shillong, November 16: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman Wat today announced that two persons have died of COVID-19 today. I'm 47 years old from Laitumkhrah.
Because until now, I have been asking the Police Department.
During the protest, the group wrote letters to convince the government and those who came from all over the state to take part in the protest.
The Commission has reviewed the support of the Indian Air Force and the State Aviation Service to deploy election teams to difficult to reach areas in 11 states like Arunachal Pradesh, Chhattisgarh and Maharashtra.
At present, tourism is well known in the rural areas of India and Meghalaya is one of the states that is well known in the tourism industry.
Another demand is to increase the salaries of SSA teachers, the government should increase the financial burden for SSA from the state government and the fourth is to relocate the teachers. SSA to government schools.
Regarding the administration of government services, the Right to Public Delivery Act has been introduced, and this Act does not provide for the public to receive services by using the services. the powers of this age.
Curfew passes can be applied for online by visiting this website.
Minister of Foreign Affairs.
At that time, we will say that don't give reasons and there have been no elections for five years and we will continue with the programme.
KSU Mawlai Circle today handed over a house built by the Circle to Kong R.Jyrwa which was built and renovated at Mawlai Nongkwar village where Samla Donald V Thabah was the chief guest. as the chief guest on this occasion.
The Legislative Assembly Constituency with the highest turnout was the 47-Rajabala General Constituency with 87.85% turnout. to 32253 people.
As a sign of respect to the Union Minister of State for Child Development, the Union Government has decided that the flag of the country across the country will be displayed in all government buildings that carry the funds of the country. until the day of the funeral.
The Mawkynrew Cup Committee (MCC) on this occasion awarded the winner trophy to Nohron FC who won the 1st Mawkynrew Cup. Rs.1,20,000/- and a trophy while the winner of the final received a cash prize of Rs.60,0 Three Hundred Thousand Rupees) with the trophy.
In the 67 kg category, Raksil N Sangma from West Garo Hills scored 142 points and won the gold medal while from South-West Khasi Hills, only one won the gold medal. .
Imti Shylla and George Bareh were arrested from Nongthymmai Bridge.
In the first half, both the teams did not manage to score the first goal of the match. Laitkor have lost four goals while Nongrim Hills have scored only one goal.
They (the police) tied the house, I listened, I was very tired.
The Lyngdoh of Raid Nongkrem, Bah Pynïaidsuk Lyngdoh said that this step of these two villages will be an example to others to resolve the boundary through understanding and dialogue.
If Article 370 is so important, why haven't the ruling parties maintained it for the past 70 years despite the majority? Why do they make it temporary? If she had that much faith, you had to go ahead and keep it up.
The Chief Minister said that from this money, Aganwadis, schools, health facilities, road maintenance, drinking water supply, environmental protection and and in the fight against COVID-1
Minga Sherpa Deputy Commissioner, Papum Pare District, Brigadier A.S Konwar, Chief Engineer, Project Arunank, Dr.TejumPadu, Vice-Chancellor, North East Frontier Technical University, Dr.LobsangJampa, Epidomologist, State Surveillance Officer, Dept.
Speaking to reporters after the inspection, Dhar said that a decision has been taken to set up a new jail in New Shillong Township and the implementation of this project is still ongoing. The jail will be relocated from Jail Road to New Shillong Township after the requirements of the new jail have been met.
She is the mother of Father Patrick D Warjri who works in Argentina.
The training will include drills, physical training, games, team play and most importantly how to stand on their own feet in any job.
Whose money is it?  It's public money.
“These works will now be looked after by the Engineering Wing and last year we decided to allocate funds and raise funds under the supervision of the Superintendents of Police and Deputy Commissioners in each district so that they can use the funds immediately for the maintenance of buildings at the District Level,” he said.
East Khasi Hills Police have arrested Nur Muhammad from Sonatary village of Tarabari Police Station in the search for her. Barpeta Station, in collaboration with the Boko Police Station, has been found involved in the disappearance of the girl. Saraighat Bridge.
Shillong Lber 30: A fire broke out in Mawlai today opposite the old road. No one knows who started the fire. They tried to extinguish it but they couldn't do anything.
The presence of a Blood Bank at the Civil Hospital and the implementation of the Civil Hospital in Ialong will help the people to avoid deaths especially in the event of sudden illnesses and traffic accidents on the NH- 44.
At the same time, it was said that the District Councils have been directed when they make the building codes, the codes should be in accordance with the codes of the country so that the codes will be the same in all three districts.
In the march, they shouted that Jainsem is a traditional Khasi song, all of them are Indians, they strongly condemn the DGC for illegal violation of this traditional Khasi song. The club should apologize to Tailin.
When the police arrived at the place known as Emangre, they opened fire on these unidentified persons. One of the armed men was shot dead.
On 9/10/2020, the HYC has donated a small donation to Kong Dari Umdor who is the sister of Bah Ambrose.
All DCs shall comply with the directives of the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government under para 4 issued on 15/04/2020 and those are, that all States and Union Territories shall to violate the provisions of the Disaster Management Act, 2005 in which they have to implement it properly.
“If the Muslim community has a personal Law Board, there should be no problem in setting up this tribunal,” said Robert K Jahrin, General Secretary of the party.
“Since the day I won and since the beginning of the assembly and until today I have not rested to work for the people of the constituency,” he said.
Besides these, 10 other office bearers of the party have been appointed.
The union will not sit idly by on these issues but will continue to monitor in the coming days and also to monitor the working methods of NEHU so that there will be no problems. that the works should go smoothly.
Shillong, March 18: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today expressed its deep sorrow over the passing away of Bah Markus Lyngdoh, former MDC of Nongpoh Constituency.
According to the announcement of the government, the Hima Mylliem has to take responsibility to ensure that everyone follows the rules and regulations laid down by the government.
He said that the government itself used to import foreign seeds to distribute to the farmers, but from now on we should help and promote our own seeds.
“The Minister praised the initiatives of the National Institute of Ocean Technology (NIOT) to build the Matsyayaan 6000 which can descend to 6000 m above sea level.
