After careful compliance with 48 criteria including 216 objectives, the Supercare Hospital has been awarded the Nursing Excellence Certificate on 13 July 2023 which will be valid until 12 July
Speaking on the occasion, the Vice President of the Seng Khasi Seng Kmie, Bah BS Rumnong, said that despite the heavy rain since Friday, the male and female dancers have flocked to the Weiking Stadium to perform. participate in the dance.
George asked who sent the police to Cheristerfield's house, because when they went to such places, they should have investigated thoroughly. but it was shut up.
He said that as a policy, the draft is also free, flexible and inclusive.
Referring to Them Motor, he said that in 1996 there was a strong protest but no action was taken by the government, but on the day of the protest the government formed the HLC and this government took over. the decision to solve this problem.
ICARE has nothing to do with the government.
“The erection of these illegal Toll/Check Gates and collection points has disrupted traffic and caused inconvenience to passengers and may also cause accidents in street.
In this regard, the Government has not been idle, but has worked hard by implementing various schemes to eradicate this disease from the country.
During the meeting, the Prime Minister of India listened to what the Governor of Meghalaya and Nagaland had said. India has promised that the Central Government will support both the two states.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: More than 100 houses have been damaged in Umsning area of ​​Ri Bhoi District at 7.30 pm this morning. .
The union has seen from one year to another, the government has spent billions and tens of billions of rupees during the Rakhe months and Rakhe days to protect the environment but what they do and say is that the government authorities want to protect the environment. or public preaching on the environment are only fraud and waste of public money.
Pukar Thapa of 58 GTC won the singles category by defeating Pritam Rana of Uttrakhand 7-1 in the final.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today announced that Meghalaya has been free from the COVID-19 positive test, but there are 9 cases in the state. you don't have to go to the hospital for treatment.
The Central Government has also urged the State Governments to contribute their equal share of the revenue of the States.
Ronni V Lyngdoh MDC Mylliem said how can the NOC be issued when the election for the post of CEM of HS Shylla has been announced?
He said that the most important thing is to use our talents in our own fields to serve the nation and Bah Nel has done that by publishing this book today. and this is a blessing to the nation.
Speaking on the occasion, the Secretary of the HPC said, “This incident should not be left alone but it is a sign of the past. They are a rich ethnic group living in the state of Meghalaya.
They came to Shillong to hold this protest because they have no choice but to hold this protest because the protest which they have held for four days in Sohra has not reached any goal because the government has not listen to them.
Former HNYF leader Lasting Lamin Gadew, HNYF Southern Riwar Border Circle President Tarzon Lymba and Stelin Mukhim Secretary Dorbar Shnong Padu were also present at the meeting.
Mawsynram Police Station has rushed to the scene on receipt of a tip to conduct an investigation to track down the perpetrators who burnt down the wooden bridge connecting Mawsynram and Hat Mawdon. .
Members of the KSU also protested against the CAB near the house of BJP MLA Sanbor Shillai in Bishnapur.
A total of 96558 people have tested positive for COVID-19 since the beginning, 94854 have recovered and 1619 have died.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: A KSU student from Khanduli today expressed her surprise that out of the three leaf farms of JHADC as revealed by RTI, there are three in Khanduli area on the border with Assam.
Guatam Agarwal son of Pradip Agarwal also delivered a speech in the presence of village officials.
On the other hand, Dr Mukul urged the people to work together to bring peace and stability in the state, as Meghalaya has earned the reputation of being a peaceful state. but these incidents have destroyed the state.
Answering additional questions, the Minister said that the factories whose cost of establishment is less than T.25 lakh are considered to be the smallest, those whose cost is T.25 to T.5 crore for small enterprises, T.5 crore to T.10 crore for larger factories and T.10 crore for higher cost of establishment. .
Leading UDP leaders in Ri Bhoi who have decided to leave the UDP include District President Donbok Khymdeit and UDP Central Body Chief Advisor Raphael Massar. UDP Advisor Ri Bhoi District, Mrs. Queen Mary Rymbai Jt.
He explained in detail the Standstill Agreement signed between the Syiem of Mylliem and the Central Government, the Instrument of Accession & Annexed Agreement which states that no one should affect the water, customs, privacy and property. land and religion and the Sixth Schedule to protect the identity of the Khasi.
The ceremony was held at the office of the Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi, Nongpoh, where the Superintendent of Police, Jagpal Singh Dhanoa took part as the chief guest. The promotion of these police officers in the presence of other police officers of Ri Bhoi.
More than 100 NSUI members from many constituencies left the MLA Hostel and marched to Congress Bhavan under the leadership of Fernades Dkhar, President.
The medical device manufacturing industry in India is a nascent one and is developing at a steady pace.
Article (80) :- We order the Election Commission to take over this task as soon as possible because it is the most important.
When asked about the opposition of some people to the order of the DC of East Khasi Hills, the Minister said that there are only a few people who oppose, but most of them support especially those of the COVID-19 Management Committee. village that thaw.
He said that such a dance does not exist in Arunachal Pradesh and he used to learn it at home and he is happy to be selected to represent the North East in the competition to be held in Mumbai this year.
Chickens transported from one place to another should be marked with the inscription, “CARE IN TRANSIT.” Vehicles carrying chickens should comply with the Transport of Animals Rules. 1978 and the Transport of Animals (Amendment) Rules, 2001 and 2009 to prevent the abuse and suffering of chickens.
As the Eid-Ul-Fiter celebrations in Bangladesh are approaching, the demand for beef is high, said the BSF. Meghalaya has a 444 km border with Bangladesh. The BSF has been in difficulty in fighting against smugglers.
The death toll has risen to 9, East Khasi Hills 6, West Khasi Hills 2 and West Jaintia Hills 1, bringing the total number of deaths in the state to
The meeting was attended by the EM in charge of Hima Sima Bah L Blah and Joint Secretary in charge of Elaka Affairs Bah W Wanniang.
There are 55 cases in the state, of which 5 cases are in East Khasi Hills District and 3 cases in West Garo Hills.
On the other hand, DC Ram Singh expressed his deep sorrow that schools have also been demanded money and strongly condemned this act of the insurgents.
It is learned that as soon as the three residents of the house came out of the house, the earthquake struck the house and the house collapsed in the earthquake. from injuries in this natural disaster.
Shillong, November 06: As part of the Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra in South West Garo Hills, a district program was held at Boldamgre, about 12 kilometers from Ampati today.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah Manstudy said that at this meeting which was attended by four MDCs who resigned today, he was elected as the leader. The four MDCs who have sent their resignation letters to the CEM of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem are Bah Hedrian Lyngdoh who won from the UDP and Bah Hedrian Lyngdoh who won from the UDP. Banteidor Lyngdoh, Antonio War, Albinus Lyngdoh and Victor Rani have joined the Congress party.
In 2002, Mukroh lost four people in the attacks of Karbi militants, Dia Myrten, Wen Samiang and Sngaid. Hasem, Trevor Talang, Phun Hasem, Dik Sumer and Tdan Shadap.
The Government of Meghalaya should no longer support the Amendment or Ordinance of the MRSSA 2016 but should immediately implement the Principal Act of the MRSSA 2016 until the ILP is received. However, the Sengbhalang members who used to work together could not refuse to set up those check gates.
Looking at the North East, the neighboring states of Bangladesh are Tripura, Assam and Meghalaya. If the Central Government passes this Bill, it will be a great blow to the people of the region. The North East of India, even though there is no permission for them to come, the North East has been affected by these illegal immigrants.
The protests are because the people feel that their rights have been violated.
Regarding the arrangements regarding the payment of taxes, the Cabinet has decided to allow those who have already submitted their applications but have not yet paid their taxes. is to allow those traders to pay tax through this government will receive T.12 crore.
Shillong, July 14: The Governor of Meghalaya has sent a letter to the State Government to hand over the investigation to the CBI if the CID finds it difficult to investigate the case. by CMJ University.
Shillong, June 19: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today announced on Twitter that the Central Government has approved the allocation of T.43.70 crore for the construction of the Dawki-Amlarem road. 14.900 km which belongs to the NH-40E and has now become NH-2
On the other hand, the Chief Minister of Mizoram said that the state government is ready to support the army in any way in order to encourage the youth of the region to they shall be enlisted in the army.
The group also went to Shnongpdeng and spent time near the clean Umngot River.
In the middle of this year, the CPC will do many things.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister attended the celebration of Environment Day in Shillong along with school children, Dorbar Shnongs and various groups who came to participate.
Shillong, July 15: NEIGRIHMS, in its efforts to have skilled and trained personnel, has recently held talks with the Ministry, in order to consider and get approval to start others. The departments that NEIGRIHMS has already talked to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare are Dermatology, ENT, Ophthalmology, Department of Pharmacology, Department of Forensic Medicine and Department of Biochemistry.
Shillong, Lber 09: The Minister of Home Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, on Tuesday handed over his Suo Moto to the GNLA. The House today on the murder of Jenisha Jyrwa said that the police department has taken seriously the matter to investigate and track down the perpetrators.
The term of office of these two Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) will expire on October 5, 2024 and the extension of the term of six months will start from October 5,
Two completed and under construction SBBL rifles were seized from the factory.
When it comes to the protection system, especially the use of force without the consent of the guardians, it is unacceptable when considering the right and truth.
During the meeting, the Chief Minister informed the Union Home Minister that the groups from Meghalaya want to meet him regarding the implementation of the project. In this meeting, the Minister of Home Affairs promised the Chief Minister of Meghalaya that the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government will send the ILP. written after the MLA elections in Delhi.
He also mentioned the Congress Chief Ministers who have worked hard to build the state as it is now, Captain WA Sangma, Purno A Sangma who have been in power in Meghalaya. Dr DD Lapang, Dr Mukul, JD Rymbai and Salseng C Marak were also present.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: Speaking at the 120th Anniversary Celebration of the North Eastern Hill University, Dr SK Srivastava, Vice Chancellor of the North Eastern Hill University today said that all the All religions teach one, to love one another.
He said the NCPCR has decided to work with the three Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) to protect the rights of children in Meghalaya.
This training was held at the Dorbar Shnong Mawlai Umjaiur.
Shillong, Nailur 30: The Legislative Assembly will meet on the 2nd of March. A letter from the Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India, D.O.No.
However, this low price has affected the vehicles that earn money.
This has been recognized as the first initiative to include beneficiaries from all 8 states of the region and aims to identify and empower 270 local entrepreneurs from the North East. through programs that guide them in the pre-career and post-career stages.
Shillong, Nailar 22: The Shillong Chamber Choir, after winning India's Got Talent in 2010, has been selected to perform around the world. sing and stir up the hearers.
Answering questions from reporters, Bah Sahdap said that if the demand for a Khasi State is implemented, it should also include some parts of Assam where the Khasi and Jantia live, such as Block I and Block II and other parts.
However, after leading the Council for 10 years, it will be beneficial if the ANVC maintains peace and order and does not disturb the feelings of the people with harsh words and if it does not hold in its hands. the powers and functions of the Council"
More than 1,000 party supporters attended Munaisohra and unanimously confirmed the name of Bah Kitborlang Nongrem as the party's candidate for the NPP MDC election. Also present at the meeting was former MLA Martin M Danggo who urged the supporters of the party to work hard to bring about the victory of the party. MDC elections for the 26th Langrin MDC Constituency.
One of the police chiefs said that on receipt of this email sent to the court authorities, the police department immediately sent a Bomb Squad and ksew but when it was done, the search turned up nothing at all.
The project will move towards effective implementation through Internal Performance Agreements (IPAs) between the DoHFW and its various departments to bring about accountability.
: Police of East Jaintia Hills District, who have been working day and night to fight against the smuggling of drugs into Meghalaya, have seized drugs worth Rs 15 crore within 40 days.
Police said that if anyone receives such offers please inform the police at +91-3651-222461 or send an email to cybercell.
On the other hand, the organizers honored them on the opening day of the tournament.
Veneane Sayo, one of the members of MTYDS, in reply to questions, said that it is true that in Meghalaya there is no Modeling Institute. The youth of this state have their own talent.
How can this group of foreigners and foreigners dare to force them, if they are not a group of “Goonda” which wants to force our people?.
Shilong Nailur 11:The Rangbah Shnongs of Umroi Pynlun area today expressed their support to the Sengbhalang on the demand for the implementation of the ILP in the state to prevent the infiltration of foreigners. bar states.
Shillong, Nailar 12: To maintain cleanliness inside the Raj Bahvan, officers and all employees today conducted a cleanliness drive around the residence of the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan.
Police have recovered several weapons from the area and the search operation in the area is ongoing.
Pala said that Meghalaya should not allow people to come and live in Meghalaya. There are security measures, but at the same time, security measures should be taken. affect the economic development of the state and the income of the people in the state.
Shillong, Lber 30: The Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District, Shillong, on Tuesday said that the police department has set up two numbers for the public to complain regarding the MP elections. .
Shillong, March 07: The Second National Moot Court Competition, 2018 was held by the Department of Law at NEHU Shillong on the 6th of this month.
On the other hand, these four civil society organizations and the Union of Rangbah Shnongs said that they have called a night curfew only because one policeman has been dismissed. The day when East Jaintia Hills got the district is unacceptable.
The Union was established in 2019 during the tenure of CEM Bah HS Shylla in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council. community.
In India, it is illegal to test for gender during pregnancy.
There was also a Swachhtaha celebration on this day.
On the other hand, the Minister stressed that there should be a plan on how to conduct this activity, where the villagers can meet and talk with the tourists.
Samla Roikupar Synrem also expressed the need to increase the tuition fees in government and private schools. However, it should not be forgotten that it needs to have laws to prevent the excessive cost of class fees to ensure that everyone has the opportunity to attend classes.
The residents of the village have been fined T.5000/- tyngka and all the money has been seized. 12,46,500/- lakh.
He is from Khanapara in Ri Bhoi District.
If found to be false, their accreditation will be suspended for up to 6 months for the first offense, 10 years for the second offense and their accreditation will be revoked completely. the third time.
Seeing this, the RPF police spoke to her and took her away. As she did not understand the language because she spoke in Telegu, the police called for interpreters.
In this storm, more than 1000 houses have been destroyed.
Almost all the government offices in West Khasi Hills District today were empty except the office of the Deputy Commissioner.
May this training strengthen us in our relationships and bring peace, happiness and I wish that this Christmas will be a happy and joyful Christmas for all who have the will. good.
(Received Rs.1000/-, Certificate & Medal) Bah Baniaiphira Manik Syiem of Body Zoo Gym Shillong (received Rs.15000/- (Fifteen Thousand), Certificate & Champion Trophy).
It is because many of the residents of these areas want to get epic in Meghalaya.
The delegation was led by Samla Gomelson Snaitang, President KSU Nongkynbah Area Unit in the presence of Samla Forwardman Nongrem.
The Dorbar Shnongs, Women's Organizations, Youth Organizations and others have also decided to have Vigilance Committees to check the entry and exit of foreigners.
Applications can be submitted to the office on or before the 15th of this month.
Regarding the Village Council, the two Districts have to convene a special session to take a decision on whether to pass the Village Council Bills in the House. you are shibnai now.
He said that they should share the knowledge and experience they have gained from this institution.
If we don't stop the entry of people here now, one day the forest will stagnate and will no longer be able to produce water like now.
The CPC will try to invite the Vice President of India on the closing day of the celebrations.
The Minister of Rural Development, Bah Hamletson Dohling, in his speech, spoke on the progress of the department over the years, especially in terms of the implementation of the MNREGS scheme and the rapid growth of the MNREGS scheme. There have been no Self Help Groups in the past few years.
Shillong, Nailur 03: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek today said that those students who are supposed to sit for the NEET examination at UTSM in Ri Bhoi District at Khyndai Miles The admit card will be the pass for the students to take the examination.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: Grace Mary Kharpuri MDC of Nongskhen MDC Constituency on Tuesday said that the allegation by the HYC Ri War Mingngi is wrong to say that the MLA and MDC have not done anything. .
"The VP also said that corruption affects the development of the economy and equal opportunities for all and said that “all the opportunities to escape those who break the law and those involved in corruption are removed.
Shillong, July 16: The lack of question papers at some matric examination centers in Ri Khasi, the theft of question papers and the lack of requirements of the people in the MBOSE has angered the people. The KSU in 2005 where he took part in the struggle for the MBOSE office in Shillong.
We have also heard that the Prime Minister has said that we can no longer provide jobs, the Government can no longer create jobs.
During the search operation, police seized 100 rounds of suspected Yaba tables weighing 10.122 kilos and arrested them. someone from this car.
If any school does not wish to accept these documents issued by the Government, please inform the Deputy Inspector of School.
It should not be forgotten that there are new political parties that are strong now, and those led by people who were not famous when they were in power in the past years. state.
These articles were selected from among 1 lakh articles submitted on these two topics.
The Best Traveler Influencer award was won by Grace Marbaniang and Akkim Tito A Momin.
Because this action of the party is not to create or cause trouble, but the aim of the party is to bring benefits for the youth.
The determination of the boundaries of the Khasi States shall be on the basis of the provisions of the Agreement under Articles 1,2,3,4, and 5 of the IOA & AA of the Hima Khasi States.
They tried to increase the prize money to attract the runners by placing them in different categories.
On the proposal of the Deputy Chairman, Chief Executive Member of the KHADC, Bah Titisstarwell Chyne, he said that the ruling party accepts the proposal to postpone the session. don this MLA election.
Many of the political parties which have nominated their candidates are still slow to announce their election manifestos.
Shillong, Naitung 20: The recruitment of youth from the North Eastern Region of India today started at Madan Poloha where Lieutenant General RS Panwar, GOC of 101 the flag as a starting point.
More than 1000 students studying at the school participated in the celebration which started at 8 am.
The union has written a letter to the government in November to release the money. The union has written a letter to the state government to release the money. .
“Why didn't the Syiem of Jirang build a Syiem's ​​office on the border to protect the border of the Hima and to avoid the land grabbing by the Assam government? The king of Jirang was born in Assam.
At present, the roads are still open.
Through this, Alliance Air became the first airline to operate Indian-made aircraft to serve the public.
Speaking to reporters to commemorate the 10th anniversary of the currency exchange, Bah Shibun said the idea of ​​exchanging the currency was launched by the Congress government in 2005 and was tried again in 2008, but they didn’t because they knew the reason better.
This song, therefore, calls upon our fellow citizens to end the destruction of the environment. The damage was caused by the 'Remal' aircraft.
Later, the Government on 11th November 2001 announced that the name of the Park will be changed to Phan Nonglait Park.
G Saibon Vice President of the Seng Kmie in the presence of the Organizing Secretary of the Seng Kmie Samla Francis G Mawlong and other office bearers of the Seng Kmie.
The KSU urges the people not to be deceived by the invented words of anyone who thinks only of the strength of the political party by ignoring the spirit of patriotism.
Shillong, Nailar 22: The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) today sent a letter to the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah WMS Parait demanding that the government should withdraw the Bah S Kharlyngdoh has been appointed as the DC of the district.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: All the candidates who have contested the MLA election to be held on the 23rd of this month have faced many difficulties in complying with the rules laid down by the Election Commission of India.
The funeral service for Father Sun will be held on the first day at the Catholic Cemetery in Laitumkhrah.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: U Prestone Tynsong Symbut, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today said that the government has received information that there has been a misunderstanding from some people regarding the cleansing of the bodies of the deceased. There are religious groups that have not been able to perform their religious rituals.
The Director of NEIGHRIHMS welcomed the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, in the presence of the MLA of Mawryngkeng, Bah Heaving Stone Kharpran. hospital and of the state government.
The Minister of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, Meghalaya, Alexander Laloo Hek said that the Central Government has introduced many new initiatives for the development of the State and the country as a whole.
Implementation of schemes and initiatives under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
He said that even the foreigners have not been treated but they have been told to return to their villages because they do not have proper documents.
To raise more funds, MECOFED has allocated two plots of land in Jaintia Hills, one in Dawki and one in Thadlaskein to the Tourism Department for the construction of guest houses, while the plot in Tura has been allocated. The Tura Municipal Board has decided to build a parking lot.
“On our part, after the Budget Session, we intend to visit those villages which have been affected by traffic, agriculture, trade and others. and who are distracted by infrastructure," he said.
Blood donation shall be voluntary without expectation of reward but shall be a contribution to the building of society.
The winners of the Meghalaya Day Award were Bah Benedict Skhemlang Hynniewta of the Department of Drawing and Writing, Father Charles Ch. Sangma received the Pa Togan Sangma Award for service to the people, Halen Nongtdu and the Kiang Nangbah Award for sports.
On the other hand, the teachers were delighted when they learned that the government has allocated T.24,10,19,977 tyngka from November 2012 to June
: The ruling National People's Party (NPP) has suffered a setback after two candidates from Shillong and Tura were defeated in the Lok Sabha elections on Tuesday. .
To eradicate ignorance, we must move forward towards education and especially to shape the future of school children.
Shillong, March 15: As of today, 15th March 2016, 26 Khasi Pnar Kurs have passed away.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has also informed the public that there is a number 14410 where the public can inquire regarding the COVID-19 positive case. 108.
Regarding the government's plan to take over the land of the Riad in Mawpdang, according to the customs and traditions of the Riad since ancient times, the raid land cannot be sold anywhere because it belongs to the Riad. Riad for the employment of thousands of children.
Faced with such problems and misunderstandings regarding the illegal enforcement of the MUDA Byelaws which is outside the jurisdiction of MUDA, the SNSBH has been able to resolve this issue only If the Government revokes the Government Notification No.TCP/111/88/40 issued on 13.01.1989 which could bring relief to the people from this problem.
The benefits to society and the environment will lead to the development of industries in the North East in the states of Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Manipur, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Nagaland, Sikkim and Tripura.
The appointment and election of Daloi within the District Council is slow and confusing and puts the people in trouble especially in those constituencies where the EC has not been able to appoint even an acting Daloi.
He said that the party will continue to follow up on these demands and the party will meet with the authorities in the coming days.
Information on the released/approved funds has been provided to the States/UTs for the years 2022-23 and 2023-24 and information on vaccination and mortality in the States is provided in the Annexure -1 and 2.
The area where the BSF camp is located is a tourist attraction and it affects the tourists in the area. The union said that the camp will be temporary.
He urged all members and the public to come to the office if they have any questions.
Ardent said the VPP's protest is to fix the reservation policy and not to abolish the reservation policy.
The Dub-Divisional Magistrate of Sohra Civil Sub Division said that this was done because the bridge has now collapsed and there is a danger for heavy vehicles to pass.
The BSF has handed over the money to the police for further investigation.
This is according to a statement from the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting.
In this regard, the union has demanded that the government should take action without delay so that it can expedite and help the problems faced by the people.
This law on the use of NRT-related products, such as chewing nicotine gum or the use of inhalers, is one of the substitutes for smoking, which helps those who use to break free from the habit of using tobacco and helps their mental health to avoid becoming addicted to cigarettes.
The petition was submitted by the Working President of HITO, Bah Abbor Nongrum and Bah Elvis Kyrsian, Secretary of HITO Ri Bhoi District. .
He said that Karnataka has four National Parks covering an area of ​​2250 square kilometers.
The Central Government has launched many schemes to help these people to escape from this job. If they have children who have grown up, the Government should help them. that they may stand on their own feet.
Besides the CEO, the DEO, SP of East Khasi Hills, SP City of Shillong and many other government officials from the Election Department of the Government were also present. state.
Members of the party who attended the meeting were Dr. DRL Nonglait (President), Bah Kitbor W Nongrum (Vice President), Dr. KD Ramsiej, Babu Andreas Sun, Prof. Badaplin War, Prof. Esther Syiem, Prof. Streamlet Dkhar, Prof. Antoinette Kharmalki, and Mr. Ronald P. Kharshiing.
This shortage of police has been especially after the creation of four new districts in the state but the work of the police has remained unchanged except for the presence of Superintendents of Police while the presence of the policemen to do the work are the same as before.
The Union took this decision at a meeting of the Village Authorities of Par Umkhen held on Saturday last month.
Through the implementation of the MoU, the Dr. Kalam Center will continue to work with confidence.
Meanwhile, in Mawphlang Block, three houses were damaged by a flood.
In a step to show its firm stand against drug trafficking, the Customs Department has conducted programs to eradicate drugs seized in Assam, Manipur, Meghalaya and Mizoram.
In Shillong Parliamentary Seat : The turnout was 73.86 per cent in West Jaintia Hills, 77.56 per cent in two constituencies in East Jaintia Hills and 77.56 per cent in Ribhoi. 74.45 per cent, in 17 constituencies of East Khasi Hills it was 71.85 per cent, in two constituencies of Eastern West Khasi Hills it was 77.78 per cent, in three constituencies of West Khasi Hills it was 72.80 per cent. The two constituencies of South West Khasi Hills accounted for 79.52 percent.
A newly built house of Kong Isila Kshiar in Pahamrïoh Them village on Tuesday morning has been burnt down by a large tree trunk. The incident occurred at 3:20 pm and according to information received, the house of Kong Kong Isila Kshiar suddenly caught fire from the shetja house and the cause of the fire. inside the house was never known.
HPF President Gordon Khongsit, Apbor Nongrum President Ri Bhoi District and the new members of the HPF Tyrso Branch were also present at the ceremony.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Titosstarwell Chyne today said that the office has extended until the second day the applications from the Community Quarantine Centers (CQCs) in charge of the villages. .
The adequate education available in the state will help the youth to set up their own businesses.
The Chief Minister urged everyone to get vaccinated against the disease as 2022 is a special year for the state as it is the year when the state will celebrate its 50th anniversary.
All the offices of the Central Government in the state today suspended their work in accordance with the order of the Central Government which has given a midday holiday on the opening day of the Temple in Ayodhya.
The party also sent a strong statement to the MR of Assam that he should not investigate the matter before he speaks in the Legislative Assembly of Assam. His claim to the land within the border of Meghalaya will mislead other leaders who are also in the Assam Legislative Assembly.
Out of the 60 MLAs, 37 have returned as MLAs, 23 have been re-elected, among them, some have been MLAs but have lost and have now won again. .
COMSO today launched a surprise raid at the BJP office in Meghalaya at Bivar Road Shillong. They expressed their opposition by carrying cards and slogans. From there, they marched to the parking lot at the Additional Secretariat and at this place too they expressed their protest by shouting slogans against the central government, as well as to condemn the Two BJP MLAs in the state, Bah AL Hek and Bah Sanbor Shullai.
Afterwards, a speech was delivered by Samla Heavenes Star Mawkon who is also the National Youth Corp of Pynursla Block who explained about what NYKS is and what it does in relation to the youth in the country.
The Seng Kur of Mei-Sin and her children has 7 clans, namely Majaw, Kurbah including Rapsang, Basaiawmoit including Lyngwi, Syngkli including Muktiehji, Lyngbe and Khorlang including Khorlang. , Hynniewtrep including Langpen.
Bah Jeffery Dkhar, one of the owners of the land, said that there are only a few people who are against the road but the people want to get the road. There are about 3500 people in the area, this development should not be lost.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: All the 65 candidates for the MDC election 2019 to the JHADC Legislative Assembly have been approved. They are the returning officers.
He said that the BJP has brought the law and the Congress has brought it from behind, said the UDP leader.
This year, 954 persons from all the armed forces of the country including the Police have been honored during the 77th Independence Day celebrations.
“My vision is for India to become a hub of education and knowledge for the world.
As the Khasi people and the state of Meghalaya and on behalf of the Federation of Khasi States, the Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, we cannot forget the sacrifice of Bah Chester and hundreds of other young soldiers who was selected in September 1968 in the first team.
The Seng has also met from time to time with the Director of Health Services (MI) of the department who has admitted that the lack of performance of the Health Department in the district is due to the lack of a full time DMHO.
The union strongly condemns the authorities for failing to curb this.
This was announced by Bah E Khonglamu, Information Secretary, FKJGP Riwar Mihngi Circle.
Shillong, July 22: U Bah Goldenstar Khongwar today alleged that he was shot dead by the Rangbah Shnong of Baridua, Bah Ioanis Narlien, at his house on the 19th of this month.
The girl died last night and her family members have lodged a complaint with the members of these civil society organizations in Ri-bhoi who have taken over the incident for further investigation. police, the organization said.
Bah Hek was honored with this award as an outstanding Minister and tireless public servant for the 25 years he has been the Leader of Pynthorumkhrah Constituency. he went to the state and the whole country.
He said that the population of the area is 57,570 and out of these 29,053 are still practicing the traditional religion and this house will help them in many ways.
The President of India, Droupadi Murmu on Tuesday inaugurated the construction of the Rongjeng Mangsang Adokgre and Mairang Ranigodown Azra roads and laid the foundation stones of the Shillong Peak Ropeway. Visitors to Khongthong, Mawlyngot and Kudengrim through digital channels.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: Government officials are working hard to recover the bodies of those who were buried in Nongpriang village under Bholaganj Block, Sohra Civil Sub Division, East Khasi Hills District. .
During the programme, experts from India and abroad exchanged views on various aspects of corruption, where empowerment of women is closely related to anti-corruption measures and also the need to look at gender in relation to Government service delivery or policy making.
Prestone's remarks came after many people said that schools in the state should not be opened.
The Apot durim is not based on the story of Tiewlarun written by Rabon Sing Kharsuka, but it was written by Lamkynto according to the requirements of the story without any difference from the middle of the story.
Congress leader Zenith said that from 2014 to 2019, more than 67,000 farmers have committed suicide. and the farmer taketh away his own life.
Speaking as the chief guest on the occasion of the 25th Anniversary of Nongtalang Mission, he said that Nongtalang Mission is a beautiful and clean village. After Mawlynnong, this village should be declared as Open Free Development (ODF).
Four persons have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, one in East Khasi Hills, one in Ri Bhoi and one in West Jaintia Hills. There are 83 cases and 9 cases are in hospital.
In his speech, the Chief Minister said that the incident in Mukroh village is a violation of human rights and they have requested to send an inquiry to the central government investigation teams. this is the case.
Shillong, July 08: U Governor of Meghalaya, Banwarilal Purohit today convened a session of the Legislative Assembly under Article 174 of Clause (1) of the Constitution of India. of the State Legislative Assembly on Monday.
Shillong, Lber 12: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today dismissed his ministers. One of the former ministers who was dismissed was Bah HDR Lyngdoh. lose the Ministry of Home Affairs and the Ministry of Road Construction.
It has achieved this goal through a donation of T.30 crore from the North Eastern Development Finance Corporation Ltd.
He said that parents should teach their children how to reduce children to avoid problems that arise later.
Shillong, Lber 27: The Hynniewtrep Social Democratic Party (HSPDP) has decided to convene its General Council meeting on the 26th of June.
The Assembly of the Dorbar Ki Dolloi, which includes the Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya; The Federation of Khasi States, the Dorbar of Dolloi, and the Council of Nokmas, which met today, 14th December 2012, in Shillong, after a discussion of nearly four hours, took the following decisions: the Government of India to expedite and expedite the new arrangement by introducing, and to make clear the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement agreed and signed between the Government of India and the twenty The Federation of Khasi States was established on 9th, 13th, 14th August 1947 and 17th August
Shillong, July 12: U Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA of 19South Shillong today convened a meeting of all the groups in the constituency to discuss the development works in the constituency. The meeting was held at Assam Club Laban and CERA Club in Jahlupara.
The KSU has also published a short article on the life and deeds of Bah Bull while he was alive on this earth as a great leader of the KSU. He recalled the great deeds of the KSU when Bah Bull took over as the leader of the KSU from 1983 to
In fact, the opposition should not do this, because it is not Tathagata Roy, but the Governor of Meghalaya who is delivering his speech in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly. , but the decision is theirs which does not want to say anything, on the part of the Chief Minister of the state said that he does not want to say anything.
Besides Sohan Bhattacharjee who won the first position, the school also won three positions in the Top Ten, namely Anikey Pattanayak in the fourth position and Ahijit Deb in the fifth position. .
The meeting was held today to elect the office bearers of the group and before the election of the office bearers it was made clear that no one will be elected to be the office bearers if they have a relationship with Erwin K Syiem Sutnga has announced that he has resigned from the Congress party and will be elected as the Chairman of JACBOM. Rast Thabah was elected as General Secretary, Lamphrang Kharbani as Symbut Shongknor and Cahrlie Rani as Deputy Chairman. civil society and village officials.
Since 2021, the Seng has arrested about 20 youths who come to drink drugs here in our forest.
Both government and private schools receiving government assistance should set aside training centers for them.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: As part of the fight against drug addiction and to help the youth who have fallen victim to drug addiction in collaboration with their relatives, the HYC has taken two youths to a hospital near Guwahati, Assam on
The SP of East Khasi Hills District has urged the public to cooperate in spreading bad news to fight against false news spread on social media, said Rituraj Ravi Superintendent of Police East Khasi Hills. Hills, Shillong.
The Seng wishes and congratulates them for being able to fight and do well so that they can reap the fruits of victory, despite many challenges especially this time of COVID-1 We encourage everyone to do their utmost to pass the exams without delay.
They will strive to win the trust of the people in order to launch this project.
During the meeting, Dr Jitendra Singh promised to take action on this issue and directed the KSA leaders to meet with the Secretary of the NEC and The Secretary of the NEC has been directed to take action on this issue.
This will have a profound effect on people in the days to come.
Marbud said he will stand on the basis of justice, truth and freedom.
One of the issues that needs to be prepared is that many changes will come in the future especially in the policies or actions of the government in an effort to revive the economy of the country and other sectors due to the impact of this. the disease, the cyclone Amphan, the affected agriculture for many reasons and other events that we cannot foresee.
It was explained to the public at many meetings that to fight even among brothers must be done according to the law.
The Spirit of God says that this book should be written, “What shall we do in this life only once?” Bah Daniel said that there are 8 chapters in this book which invite and invite to know what people we must do when we only live once.
He was 82 years old.
In the fourth position, Ronggrik B. Sangma of Aeroville Higher Secondary School, Tura scored 562 marks and received distinction in English, Mathematics, Science and Technology, Social Science, Health and Physical Education and Garo.
The Government has sought information from the agencies that employ people abroad to find out the facts. CCTV cameras have been installed in Shillong and a Cyber ​​Crime Unit has been set up.
The most prominent candidates who have filed their nominations are Vincent H Pala of the Congress, Paul Lyngdoh of the UDP and Rev PBM Basaiawmoit as an independent candidate.
Answering a question, the Minister said that the closure of these schools is not the solution to the problem, but what the government will do is to look into the job opportunities in these schools. ksul kim the classroom, the number of teachers.
A welcome speech was delivered by the President of the Khasi National Dorbar, Bah Laborious Manik S Syiem.
Melis Dkhar, Secretary, Cum-Counselling Centre, who spoke about the progress of the centre.
More than 400 people from the villages affected by the MUDA border crossing attended the meeting. The meeting was conducted by Bah P Nongneng, Rangbah Shnong. the Mawklot.
Shillong, June 26: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma together with the Minister in charge of Culture and Heritage, Bah AL Hek today visited the works of the and the Shillong International Center for Performing Arts and Culture (SICPAC) is now held at Mawkasiang.
In the past, it has been seen that those who sleep on the balconies of the people are only non-residents, but in the past few months it has been seen that many of the residents of the state have also slept. on the balconies of shops especially in the Motphran and Polo Market areas.
Regarding this incident, the union will meet with the Meghalaya government to demand that the construction of the Assam Police Outpost at Saba Village should be stopped.
Shillong, June 11: To ensure the smooth running of the Lok Sabha MP elections, the West Khasi Hills District Police have stepped up their checks on vehicles moving inside the district and especially at the border. and the state of Assam.
The purpose of the visit was to listen to the complaints of the farmers who have been cut kilos at the jhur market.
The policy has been prepared by the Water Resources Department together with experts and the aim is to protect water for the present and future generations.
On this occasion, Bah Martle N Mukhim congratulated the EC for bringing in this bill to run the Hima smoothly. Because he is the son of the thousand of the Hima Khyrim, there are still shortcomings in the Bill.
Five companies of CRPF were deployed to conduct the election. Awards were also given to those who came forward to cast their votes. The election was held smoothly. without any incident or disturbance.
The tournament will continue at 7:30 pm and the tournament will continue smoothly especially the nature of the tournament. children to play.
Bah Staising Kharbteng, one of the villagers of the area, said that it is necessary to strengthen the spirit of unity and solidarity in the society so that the area can develop in all aspects especially in sports.
The party said that they will announce in the second month of this month.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: U Bah Harkin Warjri, who has left the Congress party and joined the UDP from Mawkynrew Constituency, today admitted that the incumbent MDC candidate of the UDP, Bah Remington Pyngrope, will remain in the UDP. He will win the election on the 24th of this month.
President Bhalen Thubroo said that the union also urges the government to release the coal shallans as given by Coal India Limited to those people who have already been selected so that the vehicles can travel. earn money.
On the other hand, the JSU leaders in a statement said that the Union does not rely on the visit to these two hospitals and the Bloodbank but demands to show action by implementing these demands. .
Mawlai constituency in East Khasi Hills has the highest number of voters (33,869) and Dalu constituency has the highest number of voters (7,53,307). West Garo Hills has the lowest number of voters (15,979).
The implementation of the roster is prospective.
Some of the slogans on the placards were, Government of India should not turn our country into a garbage dump, should not have CAA, should not have AFSPA, indeed should have ILP, Government of India respects You are the owner of the country by implementing the Inner Line Permit.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh (Bah Pai), MDC Mawkynrew Constituency, congratulated World Vision India, East Khasi Hills for their collaboration with the Health Department and ICDS Mawkynrew. Block who have worked hard to make the National Nutrition Week a success.
Other winners in the 50 kg category were Senior, New Comer Tado gold medals, silver and bronze medals.
The Chief Minister has ordered to send 150 oxygen cylinders to North Garo Hills. Resubelpara CHC has 84 B cylinders, 15 D type cylinders and 15 oxygen concentrators.
The four MDCs who have resigned including PN Syiem, Mitchell Wankhar and Alvin Sawkmie from the NPP, Macdalyn Sawkmie Mawlong (PDF) and Latiplang Kharkongor from the NPP have not been appointed. He said the dissolution of the Opposition and the five MDCs from the Executive Committee is on the grounds that they want to get Trading. License from KHADC and MDC scheme.
During the visit of the JAC to Mawtamur, the Secretary of the Hima Sohiong in charge of Nongwah Mawtamur arrived at Mawtamur but did not attend the clean-up with the JAC or the officials. village.
On the allegation that there was a charge of T.200 tyngka in Umling to get a negative test, the Chief Minister's Secretary said that the government has heard of this and that is why the test has been conducted. RTPCR to avoid charges.
Police have suspected that the body found today belongs to a child from Laban whose family members have lodged a complaint with the police that she has been missing since the 9th of this month.
The assistance that the government will provide will be primarily for those areas that do not exist to improve them.
Mathou was accompanied by the Consul General of France in Kolkata Didier Talpain in the presence of Mawphlang Minister S Sohliya, Chairman of the Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya and Advisor to the Federation of Khasi States. John F Kharshiing, Secretary General of NESA and Chairman of SPIKAP, Bah Tambor Lyngdoh, Founder of Mawphlang Sustainable Tourism Societies and Bah D. Lato, Tourism Officer.
He said that in many countries, it is the head of state or the head of government, such as the President or Prime Minister, who has the power to forgive.
The meeting was attended by all the MDA leaders from NPP, UDP, PDF, HSPDP, NCP, KHNAM, independent MLAs and BJP MLAs AL Hek and AL Hek. Sanbor Shule.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Bah Daniel Khyriem President said that the party wants to clarify to the people that the party has not backed down from its demand for ILP in the state.
The Minister said that in order to be able to work in the parks, it is necessary to register the parks according to the MMCSR which includes the mining resources both large and small. In this regard, the Cabinet has decided to amend the Indian Stamp Act,
Furthermore, the winners of the School Games Federation of India will also have the opportunity to receive these titles.
The penalty shootout was attended by youngsters from all over the country, and the spectators were also impressed by the shooters.
Speaking on the occasion of International Yoga Day in Chandigarh, the Prime Minister said that the practice of Yoga helps people to achieve health in the poor. and the rich can also do this without any fiscal impact.
He said that the children should be able to study in their own state.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister congratulated the committee for submitting this report and its recommendations regarding the issues related to the people. It is very useful for the government in terms of development works and how the government will do even the blocks.
“The investigation is ongoing,” said the Addl.SP. On Saturday, the residents of Umpleng village found four bodies of the enemy. and the enemy shall be slain with all kinds of weapons.
The PHC in Wahrit will also be temporarily closed until all the High Risk contacts of the patient have been tested. 2021 and thereafter to quarantine themselves for 10 days.
The woman is Angelina Sangriang, a resident of Rangbalang Umsaitriew village and has two children.
Shillong, Lber 23: U Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday visited Ganesh Das Hospital Shillong on Tuesday. The allegation that it is due to the inability of the hospital to provide treatment that a mother has lost her unborn children.
He said that the Dorbar has monitored the work by meeting with the officials of the Government of India, and said that the meetings have been encouraging for the fulfillment of the demands of the Chief Executive Members in order to get the Schedule. and a special Council in accordance with the provisions of the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement 17 August
The PWD department has demolished the old bridge and ordered to build a new one at the same place but the work has stalled despite the erection of the pia on both sides. which is left of this work.
He said that about 1391 Home Guard Volunteers have been trained.
“The goal of the Vikas Bharat SankalpYatraka is to reach out to the people who do not have access to Central Government schemes for various reasons.
Therefore, the group of stakeholders of the Riti Academy has proposed that this initiative should be carried out in a thoughtful and sincere manner.
“Victory is sure when there is confidence,” he said.
The Board will also promote quality and safety standards and compliance with such standards.
At present, this health center is located in Nongmynsong and has adequate staff and the doctor of this health center is in charge of Rynjah. children in Nongmynsong area who have not received vaccination during COVID-1
The Minister met face to face with several beneficiaries and asked them about the benefits they receive from the schemes and also the challenges they face in receiving these benefits.
The GST Council, the body responsible for this, and the Dual GST system in India are the solutions to these needs.
It is believed that this is because it has been seen that the disease has increased in these areas.
Praising the trade sector in the state, he said, “Traders who are already involved in paying taxes are very happy with the easy implementation of GST while those from outside are also happy. have joined this system.
During the march from the Civil Hospital to the Secretariat, the police started to block the road but they stopped and in the middle of the march to block the teachers who supported other civil society organizations, they fired tear gas. eyes to the teachers.
The tires seized include an AK-56, a 303 rifle, a shot gun, a .22 rifle and 33 rounds of shot gun, 354 rounds of ammunition. 7.62 SLR, 112 rounds of AK 47 rifle.
Regarding the bombing of Agnes and Amita, police are conducting a search operation to track down the people involved in the bombing of these two mothers in Sohshrieh. on the 8th of this month.
Police have seized a Mahindra pick-up truck without number plate A/F and from this vehicle police have recovered 900 grams of heroin worth up to T .7.2 crore.
The President of HANM said that many of the people say that when they win the election, they will meet again. Shillong, Nailar 28: HANM urged the people to use their vote properly so that they can demand the rights of the people and the needs of the state, said Bah Lamphrang Kharbani President of HANM. The Jagi Road from Umsning to Umtrai on the Assa border is known as the Jagi Road from Umsning to Mawtari, but the road from Umsning to Mawtari is under the jurisdiction of the Meghalaya Road Construction Department for more than 10 years. you didn’t marmot this road.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: Police in West Jaintia Hills District have arrested two persons on suspicion of involvement in the robbery of a polling machine at Umladang village in West Jaintia Hills district.
After carefully considering this request, it was decided to respect their request, but to hold a smooth meeting is up to the organizations that convened this public meeting to ensure that there will be no canoe you are confused.
He said that some Congress and UDP MLAs have offered to join the NPP. On the other hand, Conrad said that the people's distrust of the Congress party is when the Congress government does something does only for their people and not for the people.
The Minister of State for Education, Meghalaya, Vice-Chancellor, Professor PS Shukla, teachers and students of NEHU took part in the convocation today.
“We are in India and of course, we have to work and cooperate on this issue and live in peace.
Police have been patrolling around Shillong to ensure that no incident occurs.
Only lights should be turned off.
He said what happened in Assam affects all the states of the North East and cannot be alone.
Prasad said accountability is an important part of democracy and all parties – from the government, judges and media – should follow this new principle.
The preparation for this annual meeting lasted for 10 years.
“We are still expecting the youth of the state to go to school through those departments that the government has, but as it is there is no satisfaction, but there is confusion, this is no longer a mistake but a mistake,” he said. said Marngar.
In this regard, the KHADC will hold a meeting with all the MDCs and Sirdars on the 7th of this month in Shillong at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall in Mawkhar to discuss this issue.
Shillong is known as the “Scotland of the East”, and tourists come to Khyndailad and the number of these people has really attracted the city.
The GHSMC urges all the people of Garo Hills to give their support to the 12 hour curfew to demand their own state for the Garo people.
Beijing views Moscow as an ally in opposing U.S. aggression in other countries around the world.
According to the information from the Central Government to the State Government, the salary of LP School teachers has been increased to T.19044 tyngka and that of UP School teachers has been increased to T.20493 tyngka.
According to the MRSSA, the village should have a census of all the residents, to know how many women, men and children, although some villages have a census of the residents but There are those who don't have to do this and don't have the financial support from the government.
Members of the UDP who welcomed Bah Tamdorlang to the party include Bah Skhem President Rangkitbok Snaitang, Secretary Bah Phrangsngi Nongsiej. Running Kharbani Treasurer Morgan and Bit Rangslang Leader of UDP Youth Wings Mawsynram Constituency.
Shillong, June 27: U Sengchattak D Shira, DTO of West Garo Hills District, Tura has lodged a complaint with the police that on the 18th of this month, a man named Anowar Hussain went to his office. and introduced himself as the person in charge of the Cyber ​​Crime and Crime Tracking Network System (CCTNS), Lakhipur Police Station, Goalpara, Assam.
: Heavy rainfall from Cyclone Remal in East Jaintia Hills District has flooded the National Highway-6 and cut off the road in Lumshnong village.
The Prime Minister said the government will do its utmost to help the three people who were injured in the incident and were taken to the International Hospital for treatment.
The KSU also urges the owners of houses who build houses that if the locals cannot do the work and when they bring in foreigners, please inform the residents and cooperate with the Dorbar Shnongs. to avoid any tragic incidents especially those that will affect the spread of this disease.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, has left for Delhi on government business and after returning, he had to be tested according to the rules laid down by the government. The result was positive.
In fact, there are 36 villages affected and out of these 13 villages are not under the land acquisition and some of them are already in Meghalaya and some are in Assam. the names of villages which are not in Meghalaya have not been included in the list.
According to the government announcement issued in 2022, the CPC and CrPC have been implemented throughout the state and the government has already set up courts in District and Civil Sub Divisions. The government courts have started hearing the cases of foreigners.
Yesterday (22/11/2013), the Dorbar Shnong has decided to implement the Work Order which has been received with the consent of all the residents since 02/12/2
Speaking to reporters, he said that there will be 19 games this time and the tournament will be held only in Shillong for now and discussions will be held in other parts of the state in the future. still going.
People with disabilities in Meghalaya are facing difficulties in their lives, due to the lack of services by public or government vehicles in the commute which leads to poor communication. or involved in society, it also causes extremely great loss of utility and also leads to isolation which is exactly the dress code that leads to poverty and loneliness.
He said the Minister has sent another meeting on Tuesday next month and before that the Union leaders will meet with the Mission Director of NHM Ram Kumar on Tuesday.
There is still a tin fence around the area and it is learned that they have received permission for about 500 sq feet and another 250 are being requested to build a bar area.
The Information Secretary of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo Peoples (FKJGP) Eldie Lyngdoh said, “With the government's silence on our demands, we the 10 organizations have taken the We have imposed a night curfew from Monday to Tuesday and on Friday and Tuesday there will be a curfew office. ".
The President of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Joe Marwein on Tuesday said that the 13 political parties who have demanded the implementation of the ILP in the state will give 10 months to the government to release it. immediately the 3 members of the organization were arrested and charged.
In a supplementary question, the MLA of Nongkren said that he received the same reply from the government on 5th July 2012 which shows that the government has not do something in connection with this important task of water conservation.
Speaking to reporters, Bah CK Passi, Rangbah Shnong of Rynjah, said that the colony cannot issue residence certificates.
Starwin Kharjana said that there are seven organizations within this group and their demand is that the government should implement the special job allocation for those with disabilities. members which is set at 4% by the Central Government.
Shillong, Naitung 29: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Shillong, on Tuesday said that permission has been given to water pipe trucks to pass through the Shillong Bye Pass to Mawryngkneng.
Jowai, Nailar 25: The Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has faced difficulties in paying the salaries of 1300 employees and 30 MDCs.
Shillong, Nailur 8: The absence of Congress Legislative Party (CLP) Leader Dr. Mukul Sangma from two Congress party meetings, one of the induction of three prominent leaders into the Congress party, and the attendance of RG Lyngdoh and PN Syiem were also present at the meeting.
N. Shadap.
Speaking to reporters, the President of KSU Ranikor Circle, Samla Marconi Thongni, admitted that many people living in Ranikor area are suffering from cancer. This may be due to the pollution of the Kynshi River in the Ranikor area which the residents used to swim, drink and eat the fish that live in the river.
“Unfortunately, the Government should not wait until Umïam's life is over.
The ECI, as it has done in the past, has issued documents to prove that they are voters. you are blessed.
Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, Silvester Nongtnger IPS, said that the 181 Solansar were seized during a search operation. roads, this patrol will continue to ensure that people drive cars or two-wheelers to it within the limits.
It is alleged that on this day, the leader of the Bhalang had insulted the policemen who were guarding the area.
The two-day festival will feature a detailed explanation of the iawbei rwai from Kongthong village and the main purpose of the festival is to release a film entitled “Ka Thymmei, ka Tynrei, ka Tyllong”. which they will display specially made.
If only one patient is in Tura or Shillong Civil Hospital, all patients will be transferred to private hospitals.
According to police sources, the group had come to the scene to hold a march but one of them, Bah Savio Maring, 21, was killed. He fell into the river and lost his life.
After submitting a letter to the Chief Secretary, the president of HANM said that they have given the government 40 days to remove the DC from the post. The party will call for a strong protest.
This stream passes through Laitlumkhrah Market, flows to Don Bosco Square which has been completed and flows to the Pamdieng River.
On the other hand, the BSF has urged Bangladesh to expel the insurgents from their country and to curb the smuggling of counterfeit money into the country from Bangladesh.
On the other hand, the leaders of these two groups said that the government employees did not own the land and it was built with public money.
Shillong, Nailar 30: The BJP State Mahila Morcha (BNM) today visited the 67 BN CRPF to celebrate Raksha Bandhan with its officers.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong came to witness the distribution of aid for the 40th time.
In a major step towards improving the income of farmers in the country, the Modi 2.0 government is the first to introduce this special initiative.
They went on to say that test-track-treat is an important method of early detection and prevention of COVID-1
On the last day of the session, the President of India, Pranap Mukharjee will address the MLAs of the Legislative Assembly.
Shillong, July 13: The Khasi National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) today submitted a letter to the Expert Committee set up by the government to review the employment situation in the country. state of Meghalaya.
The items donated include Syntax tank, sports items, school supplies, tables and chairs and many others.
The two CRPF personnel who were injured in the clash were identified as Khocsabar and Ventutchulum of the 120th Battalion of the CRPF in Resubelpara.
The capacity of the Dairy Plant is now 8000 liters along with other dairy products.
JACATAM has received this information today and will meet tomorrow morning to discuss whether to accept or reject the request of the Prime Minister to meet with the Chief. Secretary of State.
The total number of cases of COVID-19 in the state has risen to 139 and 45 people have recovered so far, the Chief Minister said.
In this regard, he said the MLA has also promised to talk to the bank officials to set up a branch in Mawlasnai for the convenience of the people (SP News).
“Is it true?” “As soon as the arrest of our two members was released to the media, those people who were seen in the video clip taking the soul of Lurshai until now we don't hear them revealing the names of how many people they have arrested.
This soldier who gave his life for the sake of the country, left behind a line of brothers and sisters and parents.
Police have seized drugs worth Rs 20 crore within 30 days.
Shillong, March 25: The Cabinet meeting today discussed how to introduce amendments to the Meghalaya Residence Safety and Security Act, 2016, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma, today said.
He said the government will not be able to pay for them, but the government will help them to return to their homes.
The drugs were seized from 51 cases registered and seized in the past few months from East Khasi Hills District. There are 10 cases, 2 cases from Ri Bhoi District, 14 cases from West Khasi Hills and 25 cases from West Jaintia Hills.
However, at the same time, the Federation of Riwar Mihngi Local Dorbar (FORMLD) expresses its deep sorrow and requests the Government authorities to look into the implementation of the construction of the Pyrdiwah Road and Bridge, which is under Raid Mukertila. , Hima Khyrim which is also a village on the border with Bangladesh as it is also a bridge and road which will be a source of protection for Meghalaya and India as a whole.
In his speech, the Prime Minister said that the present government has set a target that the people should have access to adequate health facilities. The Pradhan Minister Jan Arogya Yojana has been launched in the state.
He said it does not help the country to look at income by forgetting about income growth and urged the youth to focus on income growth of the country. on the achievements of education and suggested to link education with social development so that education can fulfill its role.
The Minister said that the purpose of the ban is for the COVID-19 Management Committees to explain to the residents how to take responsibility to fight against the COVID-19 pandemic.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Union Minister of State for Home Affairs, Nityanand Rai will inaugurate the Dawki Market tomorrow in the presence of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Preston. High Commissioner of India to Bangladesh.
At this meeting, the government ministers were directed to visit and understand the problems of the people living on the border.
The Prime Minister expects that within this month, the testing of suspected cases of COVID-19 in Tura will be able to start.
Shillongm, Nailur 06: The Minister in charge of Water Supply, Bah Samlin Malngiang today held a meeting with the officers of East Jaintia Hills District to discuss the issue of water supply. expedite the work that the government is doing for the benefit of the people.
There are integrated social security systems for borrowers and their families that were never imagined before! As we move forward, there are some Government welfare schemes and agriculture and MSME development schemes that can be better linked to MUDRA schemes, along with opportunities to use more fin-tech and start-ups to bring about holistic and sustainable economic growth.
This year, 31st June was the highest number of e-way bills with 31,56,013 e-way bills.
If at such a time we don't have unity and oneness of spirit, we will soon become slaves to anyone.
Shillong, Nailar 20: The sports department of NEHU will hold a football tournament among the colleges affiliated to the central government university.
This is after the HYC Nongthliew has lodged a complaint.
On the other hand, the Finance Minister of India, Chidambaram and Montek Singh Ahluwalia expressed their appreciation for the work of GVK EMRI in assisting the people of the country in the 16 states of India. India doesn't have a church.
Walkers who visit rural areas will have a healthier body.
Heavy fire has set fire to a house in Sohkynduh village, Khatarshnong area, Sohra, East Khasi Hills District.
Dr. Paul said that besides these events in the city we should have a goal to hold this great puja, “Therefore I congratulate the CPC and hope that God will bless everyone. Among those who attended the meeting were Bah Vincent H Pala, MP Shillong Parliamentary Seat, DD Lapang, Speaker of the Government, Roshan Warjri, Minister of Home Affairs, Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Urban Affairs. Sanbor Shullai, Deputy Speaker, Jemino Mawthoh, Paul Lyngdoh and ex-MLA Bah BM Lanong.
While the two robbers continued to shoot the man, he escaped from the tyrsim of the robbers and ran to a residential area in Risa Colony for help. The robbers laid hands on this girl.
It was also explained that the CAA came into force in 1971 when the Indian government provided accommodation to refugees from East Pakistan during the Bangladesh Liberation War.
In the North East, Meghalaya is the oldest and all saint state, he said, adding that there are 29 dioceses.
He said that they did not have any weapons in their residence and the police have found out the truth. He said that this is a plot by the police and there is a suspicion that this was done. The ANVC(B) has alleged that the ANVC(B) members have committed the crime in collaboration with the police.
Through telephones, information can be shared with the people around and this is a way for the people to know the changes of the times and the present era.
At the time of writing, the police department has not yet clarified whether the number plate of the vehicle was used by anyone and the woman who dared to disrespect the police at the police station. do not spread on social media.
Police have registered a criminal case at the Crime Branch Police Station, Eastern Range, Shillong under various sections of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act (UAPA).
This has helped the farmers as India exports these products abroad.
There are about 100 Lawkyntang covering more than 10,000 hectares and more than 150 community owned forests covering up to 2,500 hectares in Meghalaya and these have been maintained and protected by our people with the responsibility of robust.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: U Justice Paul Lyngdoh, Education Secretary, KSU Jaintia Hills District, on Tuesday said that there are still many nurses who have completed their studies and are living at home in the state.
In this regard, the party has also lodged a complaint with the MDC and MLA of the area and they will also submit the complaint to the Committee of the Legislative Assembly.
This is what former US President Ronald Regan said and shows how it is time for India to have big goals.
The reason for the withdrawal of companies from Garo Hills is due to the demand for money from the insurgents.
On the other hand, Dawki Village would like to ask the government whether there is a Panchayat in Meghalaya since then, what they know is that Meghalaya has Dorbar Shnongs and Rangbah Shnongs.
At the time of writing, MERIWU is still waiting for a letter from the Minister of Health and Family Welfare who has promised to issue a letter regarding the discussions. sun.
Referring to the peace and order in the state, the Governor said that the government has taken many measures and set up police stations in different rural areas and this will help. bring excitement to the people.
Speaking to SP News Agency, KSU North Khasi Hills President F Kharkamni said, “We are not against non-residents, but we want a Deputy Commissioner who knows the condition of the land. , because this district borders with Assam,” he said.
At this public meeting, the Chief Minister said that the NPP government has worked for the people in many development projects, he spoke about coal mining, factories, development projects, education. , Health, but they are still accused. This clearly shows the nature of the two skills working together.
The Shillong Traffic Police (STP) has also appealed to the public to be careful while driving and to follow the rules of law.
Other speakers were Samla Laitphar Syngkrem President KSU War Jaintia Circle, Samla Leningrad Tariang Organizing Secretary KSU JHDU, Samla Sonstar Nongkhlaw Assistant Finance Secretary KSU CEC. Shillong, November 09: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal. Speaking to reporters at the gate of the Governor's House, the Prime Minister said he had spoken to the Governor on the ILP and MRSSA. The Governor expressed his concern over these two issues and said that the Governor will take action to talk to the Ministry of Home Affairs. He urged the government to follow suit.
The Secretary, MoDoNER said that more than 250 garment manufacturers, farmers and entrepreneurs will take part in the Mahotsav.
The 1st Meghalaya State Level Kickboxing Championship and 3rd State Level Kickboxing Selection Trial 2018 will be held in Shillong from the 27th to the 25th of this month in preparation for the WAKO India. The National Kickboxing Championship 2018 will be held in Kolkata in November.
The Government of Meghalaya on 27/4/2021 has announced that the village of Mawlai Nongkwar in East Khasi Hills District; Raitong, Umran Dairy and Patarim in Ri Bhoi District and Nongstoin Pig Farm in West Khasi Hills District as the source of African Swine Fever in pigs.
Shillong, March 30: BSF troops on the border with Bangladesh have arrested some Bangladeshis who tried to smuggle into India with a plate. They broke the pla and were able to enter Bangladesh.
It is for this reason that the visits of Union Ministers to the region are regular.
The ANVC(B) has called for a curfew especially during the Christmas holidays.
On the other hand, the union also pointed out that in terms of health, there is only one CHC in Khonjoy village in the area. The CHC is located in Ranikor.
On this occasion, 246 winners of various competitions from nursery class to college students received buskets, certificates and commendations.
Seven minutes of stoppage time were added on by the fourth official and this is where RUFC came inches from an equaliser.
At this meeting, it was said that the word Tribal should be renewed, because as it is now, the state authorities are prohibited from buying land but the Tribals are allowed to buy land. The Khasi, Garo and Jaintia should be the only people.
The house of Bah Wanmon Pohshna at Kuliang village, East Jaintia Hills District has been completely destroyed by the fire.
India is a country with many ethnic groups, and this is not only in some, only in the dress code, but this struggle is in all aspects, even on holidays. There will be no day when this country will have many holidays, when it comes to the society, the customs, the food and drink.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Pala said that it is necessary to encourage science education.
Shillong, Iaiong 08: The President of the Hynniewtrep National Council (HANC) Ricky Sohlang on Tuesday said that the road to Mawiet has been deteriorated so much that it is impossible to explain. The government has not done anything, the people of the area will not take part in all the elections especially in the MLA
The purpose of this publication is to make it easier for the public to read the names and locations of the candidates who wish to contest the MLA election to be held on the 23rd of this month.
The Chief Minister said that the reason for his visit to Jowai to convene this meeting was to see that the number of cases in the district has increased. Speaking in the presence of the DCs and SPs of these two districts.
Commander Shangpliang urged the farmers, traders and the people who come to buy food to cooperate with the union and especially with the government by following the government's directives so that they can protect themselves. to avoid the closure of this market which is the food source of many farmers and traders as well.
Speaking before the committee, Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Dorbar of the Chief Executive Members of the Republic of Hynniewtrep;  The Spokesperson of the Federation of Khasi States, Dolloi, Sirdarships) has pointed out the serious violation of the Constitution of India, due to the lack of transparency of the Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raid and Dorbar Hima. , and in which the Hima within the Federation of Khasi States, have been sending for more than 60 years regular reminders to the President of India, and the Government of India to fulfill the promises and treaties according to the treaties and to express the provisions of the IOA & AA under Article 370 of the Constitution of India.
Senior state government officials participated in the programme.
There are no new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District today, while 1 case has been recovered from East Khasi Hills District, bringing the total number of recoveries to
Speaking as the chief guest, Dr Mukul said that he is delighted to be able to lay the foundation stone of the Engineering College which has been longed for by the people of the state for many years. .
Police have arrested the suspects, Hunlangki A Thabah, 21, and Stobarius Kurbah,
The BJP came to power in 2014 after the people were misled by the 2G Scam allegations against other parties in the Congress government. in Delhi at that time and as a party was accused.
He has registered as an independent candidate from Mawrynkneng constituency.
Shillong, July 14: A mother of Ialinda Warshong, resident of Smit, Shillong, was seriously injured when she was shot dead by a robber. the golden threads of this mother were cut off.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the party, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, said that they came to meet the VC after seeing that two voices have emerged in the implementation of the NEP- 2020. As you can see, after NEHU has decided to implement the NEP-2020, the implementation of the NEP-2020 will continue, which means that those colleges that are able to implement the project will start and those that are not able to do so will still be able to continue the old management system.
These are some of the problems faced by the people of these areas since the past until now and this has caused problems to the villages and the people during the implementation of the 100 days MGNREGS and also on the schemes under the National Social Assistance Program and other schemes to be implemented from the Block Office.
The aim is to set up a food processing plant in Meghalaya.
In this regard, Bah Ranee said that the Executive Committee will meet on the 10th of this month to discuss within the EC regarding this proposal of the central government. take a decision on the recommendation to be sent to the Central Government through the State Government.
Regarding the construction of Khnong Balai, it cannot be distanced because it has to be 10 meters away. It will be difficult to follow the rules of the government. It will go especially well that the food is given to them first because it is only at home.
However, after the government demanded that the village should return the money, saying that it was a mistake, the village filed a complaint with the Meghalaya High Court. which the honorable court hath judged the city.
They also said that the money collected by this person has gone to the state government's account. They also said that the HNYF will not hold hands on this. task.
Shillong, Naitung 21: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Prestone Tynsong today called for a meeting with the leaders of MSSASA to discuss their demand for salary. the government will pay for four months.
He said that Kong Chiarmon Dkhar will continue to do her charity work in the future, especially to the poor families who have been severely affected during this time. curfew due to COVID-1
“This discrimination by the State Government against the Khasi players raises the question whether the Meghalaya Government should promote the Khasi (Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War, Maram & Lyngngam) and Garo or not. The Sports Cell of the KSU strongly condemns the insult and disregard of the Meghalaya government towards the talented Khasi children. he played basketball.
Nehlang said that Meghalaya has 77 IAS officers but there are only 41 IAS officers and the shortage is 36 officers. It has disrupted the work of the government because it has become too heavy for the IAS officers and therefore there is a need to have its own team.
However, there have been some reports saying that people have already booked the second part of their Covishield vaccine and that these people have been sent back home from the vaccination centers without receive the second dose of Covishield.
These farmers' leaders came to Meghalaya to take part in the farmers' meeting of the state, but due to heavy rainfall, the meeting was canceled today which was scheduled to be held at Madan Malki. .
Latest news received by SP News Agency said that it is now up to the Chief Secretary to set a date to meet with the leaders of JACATAM for talks.
Shillong, July 19: The 5th Meghalaya Games 2024 has brought out the best men and women in weightlifting. Athletes from all over the districts have come to compete for the title. he k won.
At the same time, it was learned that the government has already issued a notice to appoint Bah Hector to the post of Chief Secretary.
Speaking to reporters, the president of the group, Anilkapur, said that for these trainings, the tocem will pay T.400 tyngka and this money is from the CSR. They should not lose their days when they come to this training.
In order to improve the supply of electricity to the villages to relieve the shortage of electricity in this regard, the Meghalaya government has received approval to receive T.784.72 crore.
KHNAM expresses not its condolences but its sorrow and grief for the children and women who have fallen into the hands of evil people, and expresses its sorrow for those who may have They are still suffering because their parents, brothers and sisters, their family members and we all have not taken action.
The arrest of the people in connection with the incident shows that it was an attempt to intimidate and intimidate the residents of the Punjabi Colony.
Those present were Syiem of Khyrim, Syiem of Nongkhlaw, Vice-President of Nongkhlaw, Lyngdoh of Mawphlang, Syiem of Langrin, Sirdar of Mawdon (Secy, Federation of Khasi States), Sirdar of Nongpoh Hima, Minister of Nongrum, Sohra, Chief of Nongkhlaw, Chief of Nongkhlaw, Chief of Malaisohmat, and others.
Shillong, Naitung 25: Two strong civil society groups in Riwar, HYC Riwar Mi Circle led by Samla Macfairson Dkhar and HNYF Southern Riwar Circle led by President Bah Reason Lymba have arrested Kharbangla from the village. which is located near Dawki, who have smuggled into the border of Sam of Ri Khasi Jaintia.
“We have received information that this area is a hotbed of drug trafficking in the city and a hideout for foreigners,” the union said in The petition was signed by the President, Bah Roy Kupar Synrem and the General Secretary, Bah Rhembor G. Saibon.
When asked, Bah Laloo said, “The MLAs in Jaintia Hills don't have unity and don't think of the people but think only of themselves.
Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, Chief Minister Cornad K Sangma said that it has been decided to introduce the Meghalaya Right to Public Service Bill, you shall not sit in the council.
The notice issued on 11/04/2021 has been replaced by a new notice issued today that the night curfew will be from 10 pm to at 5 pm this will be effective from today.
It will open up new markets abroad to promote export activities, research and manufacturing of new products, and promote our traditional knowledge for further benefits through further improvement of that is, they shall not be able to shynrai.
Shillong, March 26: TULBA Mawlai Unit has organized a cleaning drive on the 26th of October, which started from Petrol Mawlai. to Mawlai Phudmuri with the placement of dustbins on all the roads. From Mawlai petrol pump to bus stand.
Former Governor of Meghalaya, Ganga Prasad, honored Feridinand Suchiang for his achievements in front of the world, on 3rd June, 2018 at Raj Bhawan Shillong.
The letter was read out by the Secretary of MCCEU, Bah Pynskhem Lyngdoh. The employees of MCCL accepted the government's request for one day to fulfill their commitment by raising hands.
Total 130 candidates have registered in Ri Lum Jaintia, 16 candidates in Ri Bhoi, 24 candidates in East Khasi Hills. cases in West Khasi Hills and 6 cases in South West Khasi Hills District.
The Prime Minister will also release two books at the meeting.
Lamphrang Kharbani President said that HANM together with CoMSO is to demand ILP. Instead of intimidating, this summons is an encouragement to the government. members of the party to encourage them to work for the cause of the nation.
The Governor's visit to the pandals during the Durga Puja has brought great joy to all the people who visited the pandals to meet the Governor. .
Police are still searching for him and urged the public to inform the police if anyone knows him.
All three leaders said that the only thing they do not accept is that the government has said to remove the police after receiving the report of the Judicial Inquiry which the voice of the people of Mawlai does not accept. to this government proposal.
College, Jowai, under the banner of Govt.
Shillong, July 21: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma today inaugurated the Meghalaya Entrepreneurship & Start Up Summit 2020 at the State Convention Centre. NITI Commission, Amitabh Kant was invited.
The All Meghalaya Dancers Association (AMDA) under the leadership of Bah Kitbok Thabah today appealed to the people of the state to give their full support for the training of Palden Mawroh. Daphishisha Kharbani, a young girl who is currently competing to reach the 10th position in Dance India Dance, which is broadcast on the same channel on Sony TV. Bah Thabah urged the people and civil society to support these two youngsters who have represented the state in these competitions in the country.
Similarly, the victory of the Thomas Cup by the minton team has brought new joy.
Shillong, Naitung 10: After receiving complaints from many Longkmie, Elders and the public regarding the film "Awria" which will be produced by Bah Gilbert Thongni as the Director of the film. The KSU Sengkmie inspection team led by Samla Reallystar Nongspung as Chairman of the Environment and Cultural Protection Cell and Samla Forward Man Nongrem Secretary Environment and Cultural Protection Cell have conducted a thorough investigation and found that This is a film that is rude, unpleasant to watch and not appropriate for society especially when you are watching it at home because there are parts where this film has followed too much of the films of the West. From the way of fighting love, fighting and fighting Awria are parts that the Jaidbynriew cannot accept at all because it does not fit and does not fit into the overall thought, wisdom and way of life of the Khasi Jaidbynriew.
The Chief Minister said that there is hope and now they are waiting for the information from the central government and hopefully they can see in the next two or three days.
Marngar said that the teachers' union does not want to take to the streets to protest, but urges the government to take action to ensure that the teachers receive their salary from the month of July. as of July 2022 which means six months.
Meanwhile, the Meghalaya Upper Primary School Teachers' Association (MUPSTA) has expressed its full support to the strike by JACATCM. (SP News).
Among the four, three were identified as Ravi Rai, 23, of Elam, Meghalaya, Rajesh Rai, 26, of Dharan Sunsari, Koshi Anchal. Nepal and Nasar Kyndait, 33, of Dkhiah village, East Pohshnong.
In 1969, the establishment of the North East National Service was a talk and action for the development and cooperation among the youth. Dr RC Laloo, Honble Dy Chief Minister, was present at the launch of the NSS in Meghalaya. He said that the NSS is strong and active in Meghalaya and Meghalaya has received the Indira Gandhi Grant in the past years.
On the other hand, the MLA in this meeting with the Minister demanded that such illegal activities should be punished severely and they should be arrested immediately.
The meeting also discussed the delay of the state government in releasing the funds on time, which affects the implementation of the projects, because if they do not receive the funds on time, they too will not be able to. to provide a certificate that they have implemented, as of now, the “Untied Scheme for the year 2021 to 2023 has not been received, as a scheme in the field of health.
They are not related to the Common Service Centre.
The purpose of this training is to enable women to protect themselves in times of trouble without having to wait for the help of others. .
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the arrival of Bah Kimfa in the party will strengthen the NPP party and together with him they will be able to provide services to the people of West Khasi Hills. District and border villages.
The union said that the students have had to stand in line for hours because there is no proper instruction to go to the examination centres.
Gigur Myrthong has been appointed as the EM in charge of the Trade and Enforcement Wing.
The project was established on the directive of the Ministry of Rural Development of the Central Government.
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, this year this day was celebrated through electronic and digital means.
The recognition of such ADTCs shall be obtained from the State Transport Authority or any other body notified by the Central Government upon receipt of the opinion of such test center as provided for in Article 126 of the by CMVR,
He said that India is still a small country and every young person has a role to play in the development of the country in any way for the development of the country and reach that goal. There is a need to assist the youth to contribute to the country.
The meeting was held today to discuss the social agreement between Meghalaya and Assam in the border talks between the two states. to get lights from the heads of state.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya has been urged to start the water supply projects which will help in social distancing and which will help the people to earn a living along with the improvement of income in the areas. rural place.
The total number of recoveries so far is 730, the number of samples taken so far is 45151, 43020 have tested negative and 470 results are pending.
The union has now questioned the government after the collapse of this tank according to the information received on social media and the clear information we have received from the members of the union from South West Khasi Hills District who have immediately informed us who is responsible for the collapse of this tank. Therefore, I would like to ask you to consider the following questions:
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The General Secretary of the Achik National Volunteer Council (ANVC) Artis S Sangma has urged all the rebel groups from Garo Hills to come to the peace talks.
In another incident, the driver and passenger of an auto-rickshaw (ML-10A-8768) kidnapped a young girl and took her to the forest and committed rape.
The Cabinet also decided to set up a special recruitment body to be known as the Meghalaya Medical Recruitment Board (MMRC).
The Seng has also seen in the past that despite the ban on foreigners entering the state, they are still coming because the District Administration has not been able to check the vehicles properly. .
Secy- Louise Ch.
Shillong, Lber 25: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today left for Nagaland to meet with Neiphiu Rio, Chief Minister of Meghalaya. MP Elections in the state.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Mawlai MLA Embhah Syiemlieh said that the meeting unanimously decided to allocate land at Mawroh for the proposal to go to the government. The meeting was also attended by Bah PT Sawkmie MDC and the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and on their part they supported the MTDC to hand over the land to the government.
“According to him, it is the duty of the Central Government to implement the law to protect the rights and security of the citizens, regardless of their ethnicity.
They must tell us who did it so we can understand that their statement is correct.
It is a fact that the formation of the MDA government is the work of the BJP leaders together with other parties who have joined hands to form a strong MDA government and the BJP is one of the parties. politicians who are involved in this government.
Bah Reuben Mewanshuwa Hadem, the winner of the competition, was awarded a cash prize of 100 tyngka in the form of a song contract and Supriya Laimayum received a song contract worth T.50,000/-. Others were awarded a contract of T.6700/- to sing.
The first thing is that we have to expand the city, which means we have to move the offices, to move the workplaces farther away from the city so that there will be a change in traffic. of the people that they shall not be in the same place and there shall be no fear.
They were welcomed by MPCC President Vincent H Pala in the presence of MPCC Vice President RV Lyngdoh, MPCC Secretary Charles Marngar and RBDCC President Charles Marngar. Other party leaders were also present.
On the other hand, Bah Shangpliang said that as a sign of encouragement to the farmers of the state and in order to be able to market the products produced in the country, only jhur products should be allowed to Import from other states like Assam only jhur products which do not come from the state because jhur Khasi can no longer sell products from the state if a lot of jhur comes from outside the state and this creates problems for the farmers the state, he added.
The party urges the President of the BJP Meghalaya Unit that while he does not have the power to control the rain, while he cannot command the wind to blow in the direction he wants and while he cannot change the direction. uranium to another mineral before mining it should know and understand that there is no man-made mining policy that can protect against the mining of uranium.
On this occasion, at the Dorbar Shnong convened by the KSU on the night of 30/12/2013 in the presence of the members and office bearers of the KSU, the KSU explained the NREGS scheme to the people since the years 2008 and up to the present year and also the manner of expenditure and loss of funds.
On this occasion, the Syiem also expressed his gratitude to the Ministry of Tourism of the Union Government for its contribution for several years for the improvement of this facility for the visitors. tourists and more than dancers.
The Seng urges the government not to allow these foreigners to interfere in the security activities in the state because they have no knowledge of the Land Transfer Act and the 6th Schedule.
The office of the Director of Commerce and Industries, has urged the public to visit the relocated area for their own employment opportunities. Shillong, Naiwieng 16: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma, while speaking at the Journalists' Day. National Press Day” he stressed on the use of modern technology to provide information to the public on many issues.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: Unidentified persons have thrown stones at the vehicle of the General Secretary at Mawprem parking lot at midnight today. every juror.
During the meeting, the NPP assured the government that they are ready to work together to bring peace and provide assistance to those affected by the bloodshed in Manipur.
Shillong, Naitung 22: U Donbok Dkhar President of HITO today submitted a petition to the Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare, Alexander Laloo Hek from the party. BJP to send a petition to Home Minister Amit Shah during his visit to Shillong.
After the opening ceremony, a meeting was held with the participation of experts including teachers, those specialized in financial services, those specialized in various fields, those working in banks and others. .
As the NPP leader in the KHADC, he said that he had called a meeting and tried to recall the MDCs who had left the party. He said he urged all the ruling MDCs to think again on the question whether the NPP will support the UDA or the EC. The UDF, in this regard, has spoken within the party and in these days it will not be made public.
The KNGSU leader said that the number of students who wish to continue their studies at this college, which is the only Government College, has reached 700 to 800 students including those who have just passed Matric, XII as well as He said that as leaders, they were shocked after their fellow students were refused admission by the college authorities and they talked to the Director of Higher and Technical Education. to demand that he should expand the classrooms to accommodate the students who still wish to continue their studies.
These three civil society organizations are opposed to the University Grant Commission (UGC)'s plan to change what has been happening for a long time.
Shillong, Nailar 17: The Deputy Director of Education and Literacy (DSEL) has appointed Tlistidian Marbaniang as Assistant Director of Education and Literacy (DSEL). Teacher Officiating at Ryngi Kseh Govt LP School, according to a letter dated 21st July this year.
Even if you set the questions exactly from a copy or from your textbook, many cannot and many fail.
Shillong, Iaiong 21: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that there has been a complaint from the people regarding the increase in the price of food items in the districts.
Shillong, July 23: U Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Minister of Arts and Culture, today said that the Jaintia language should not be included like the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the National Anthem. The State Anthem is not in accordance with the Meghalaya Language Act
Shillong, Nailar 29: In these days, various crimes have happened around the market, such as the killing of people, drug users and criminals, especially theft and robbery, which have shocked the people. and they went to Iewduh.
He said that the Congress party itself has always ensured that the people of the North East, the different languages, religions, customs and ways of life, are safe and protected.
Another voice said that before reaching the government, all the four groups should have met together to discuss the writing of the Khasi language. They are the Presbyterian, the Seng Khasi, the Khasi Author Society, the Catholic and the Khasi Department of the North Eastern Hills University.
Regarding the draft bill of KHADC, Bah RB Shadap, who is also the Rangbah Shnong of Umdihar, said that the bill still needs to be clarified to reflect the unique customs and traditions of KHADC. Ri Bhoi, he said that in fact they have drafted the Administration Bill for the Villages, Raids and Himas at the same time not to introduce only the Village Act and there should be more detailed discussions. and the Raid and Hima Rulers on this Bill.
On the other hand, the Dorbar Shnongs have said that there is a need to have signs on the highway which passes through these villages to prevent the speeding of vehicles as there are many schools along the highway. Shillong Tourism.
Through your support for the success of this summit, we believe that GMIS has achieved its objective which has opened the door to promote regional cooperation, international cooperation who have a hand in maritime shipping activities.
Shillong, June 10: The Director General of Police, Meghalaya today informed the public that if the public wants to lodge any complaint without going to the police station, they can send it by mail.
Shillong, Nailar 5: The Hynniewtrep National People's Movement (KHADC) has demanded that the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) should pass a law to ban the marriage of non-Khasi women and men. This was announced by the Vice President of the HNPM, Bah R Donshiew.
On the other hand, the union will take these issues to the government, that it should appoint doctors to look after especially from the department in charge. to the animals.
The next day, a free eye camp was held in which hundreds of residents and others from neighboring villages benefited from the eye camp.
The States in the past have not asked for the authority to collect Service Tax, and to share in it.
In a petition submitted to their MLA, Bah Stephanson Mukhim, the village has requested for a computer, plastic chairs, sound equipment and a generator.
What is that lack? the disability is as in the form of a shatri which involves the dysfunction of the organs.
He explained about the opportunities available in space technologies and said that the country needs the cooperation of those working in these fields with responsibility to boost the income sector from the sky in the economy of the whole world.
The Customs Department is committed to protecting the community from the dangers of drug use and trafficking by conducting these awareness and drug eradication programs.
Shillong, July 25: The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills, Bah E Kharmalki, on Tuesday said that they are still informing the media regarding the remains of one body. I have not come to this day.
Sikkim has taken this step to improve the income of the people of Sikkim. KHNAM said that they do not see that it is difficult if the government has the will to improve the income of the people of Sikkim. court of the people.
The Seng also alleged that many of them are Benami and bring in foreigners by taking advantage of them in many ways.
Meanwhile, West Jaintia Hills beat West Garo Hills 2-0 with the goals scored by Dawansalanmi Malang and Tiros Kyndait.
Dignitaries who attended the ceremony included MP Shillong Parliament and MPCC President Vincent H. Pala, Pynthorumkhrah MLA and Advisor to the MPCC. Chief Minister Alexander Laloo Hek, MDC Pynshngian N. Syiem, Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima Pa'iem Ainam Manik Syiem, Samborlang Diengdoh, MLA candidate for the MLA election. to be next year.
Speaking to reporters, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, SC Sadhu said, “In fact, we have met with the SP last night. you for afternoon.
On the other hand, Deepak Upreti congratulated GVK EMRI for choosing Rajasthan to operate these three 108 vehicles.
Shillong, June 16: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government is clear that the first duty is to protect its own people. employment and entry and exit points are necessary activities.
Speaking to SP News Agency, SP City of Bah Vivek Syiem said that the vehicle was found at 7.30 pm this morning. I went to Lapalang yesterday.
The incident happened on Tuesday night when about 20 foreigners shot and tied with bottles of beer to these youths. and then hospital.
Momin explained about providing advance notice to establish requirements and setting up a team to monitor the progress of works.
“This year, the goddess Durga Puja has come in the form of a Palki and has returned in the form of a hati and this is a good sign,” said JL Das. U one of the members of the CPC. At present, the Durga Puja has become a big day as many people from all walks of life have come together to take part.
They had to walk from Nongspung and talk to the police at Pamphyrnai to help free the vehicle to reach the hospital.
Other speakers also spoke on the issue of tourist drivers.
On his part, he has personally taken seriously how to manage the collection of revenue and at the same time how to prevent revenue evasion and to address the shortcomings to improve the collection. treasury.
At the same time, the church wants to see that the victims of this tragic incident will get a fair trial. This was announced in a statement sent by JA Lyngdoh President of the Catholic Association and Barnabas Nangbah, General Secretary of the Catholic Association.
We have now completed the eight-lane athletic track, which is in accordance with international standards.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: Union Minister of State for Textile Industry Smriti Zubin Irani today arrived in Shillong and in her speech said that the Union Government has done many jobs for the development of garment manufacturers in India.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The Union Minister of State for Chemicals and Fertilizers and Renewable Energy, Bhagwanth Khuba today visited Nongstoin, West Khasi Hills District and inspected the implementation of Central Government schemes in the state.
The payment of loans for the year 2021-2022 will be T.1,047/- crore and the pension will be T.1,303/- crore.
Donbok said he is confident that under the leadership of the Symbut Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, action will be taken and requested that the Police Department will take action. for the safety of the police.
He said that as of now, people from all over the world buy Shynrai Lakadong.
Regarding the uranium mining, the party still stands on the same ground to oppose the mining of uranium in the state even if it is only for research in this regard.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has launched the Mission Indradhanush (MI) in November 2014, to provide special medicines to children and poor mothers. By 2020, the scheme will be known as the Universal Immunization Programme, said Dr B Mawthoh.
According to a statement sent by the Election Department, the polling in Amlarem Assembly Segment will start from the 12th of this month and is scheduled to be completed by the 13th of this month.
On the other hand, Bah John F Kharshiing, requested the Chief Minister, that the Government should announce from time to time the measures taken and done as part of informing the people about the want an immediate resolution to this ban on this work which the people have been doing for hundreds of years.
During these two days, police raided suspected drug traffickers and seized 390 grams of heroin, 15 grams of alcohol, 7 mobile phones and a vehicle. heroin, five mobile phones, one car.
Although most of the ASHAs and Anganwadis have informed the authorities about the problems they face, no one has listened to them. many different things.
DD News Guwahati also broadcast all the programs related to this iconic week.
He said that this MP election is not to form an EC in JHADC, or to form a government in the Assembly but it is an election to send only one person to raise the issue and the voice of the seven parties. districts of Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
Relatives of three of the four bodies of the victims were found outside Umpleng Market, East Jaintia Hills District on Saturday morning.
Shillong, July 08: BSF troops in South West Khasi Hills District of Meghalaya have seized T.3.4 lakh Bangladeshi currency from the border on Monday morning.
It will see the rise of Aatmnirbhar Bharat and the achievement of Viksit Bharat.
According to the latest news received by the SP News Agency, it is understood that a meeting of the members of the committee has been held and at this meeting it has been decided to give more time until 14/Naitung/2 groups or individuals who wish to write to the Committee.
If one's right to life would be deprived, then it means that we are taking that person's right to life," the statement said.
He said that the HNYM will fight against this issue with the entire Umtring village.
India under the skilled leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi has brought traditional medicine to the world.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, Bah DM Wallang, Project Director of the DRDA, West Jaintia Hills, said that such a fish farm is for the benefit of the farmers. public is the first in the state.
Those who have returned from abroad so far are
According to information, these new IAS officers will be in talks with many departments of the state government.
New Delhi, June 19: The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, on Tuesday said that the PTP-NER scheme is a very beneficial scheme.
He said that the North East is blessed in this regard and that Meghalaya is one of the best places not only in the region but in the whole country.
Before the release of the electoral roll, it has been directed that various meetings should be held in their respective states and districts and the DEOs or CEOs should also meet with the political parties to seek their cooperation. and when the electoral roll is published, it shall be distributed to all political parties in which the media shall be present.
The Minister said he does not want to blame, but the fact that the electricity bill has been suspended in the last 40 years and the signing with NTPC is a huge loss to MeECL. The price of the smart meter is T.3750/-, the Minister said, adding that the price of the smart meter is T.3750/-. male.
According to sources from the Congress party, more than 100 candidates have received their nomination papers from the party.
The Seng has requested all the Executive Members of the Seng Samla Seng Khihlang in the country of the 40 Syiems and the 40 Daloi to please release themselves to the Executive Committee of the Seng. in order to complete the remaining works.
"Young people's use of these vaping products has declined from their highs in previous years, with about 10% of high school students said to use them. e-cigarette my six years.
Shillong, Lber 14: As the fastest growing economy with a higher electricity demand, India will account for about 25% of the world's electricity demand between 2020 and Ensuring electricity supply and stability for our large population is essential.
An Appointment Acknowledgment Slip can also be placed on your mobile phone to display at pharmacies.
Shri Uttam Patra of NEIGRHIMS Mawdiangdiang , Shillong has lodged a complaint with the police that on 24th June at 10 pm , copper pipes worth T.1,60,000 tyngka were stolen from his workplace u.2.
Shillong, Nailar 23: Police today informed the public that on the 21st of this month they have recovered the body of an elderly man whose name is still unknown.
He said that there are some of their wrestlers who can compete in the Belt Wrestling and they will make announcements for this.
The death toll from COVID-19 in West Jaintia Hills District has risen to 1392 so far, according to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. day.
For all these reasons, we demand that the Executive Committee of KHADC should suspend him within 10 days from the date of receipt of this letter and hold a new election for the Lyngdoh. Hima Sohiong to have a suitable ruler for the future of the Hima Sohiong in order to maintain and strengthen the Trai Ri Trai Muluk and Hima Sima rule within the Jaitbynriew.
He urged the people to vote once again because the Nongshken MDC, which is part of the Pynursla MLA constituency, the people have an MLA with the rank of Deputy Chief Minister while the Congress MDC candidate has been elected as the MDC candidate. CEM candidates in KHADC, both of them are not worthy.
Dr Mawthoh said that by conducting these song competitions, the people have now begun to understand the dangers of this disease which is spread from person to person and how to avoid it.
In the last 10 years, the Modi government has invested more than T.145 crore to upgrade the workforce at NEIAH. crore," said the Minister.
This incident has shocked many people as this area is a place where many shops and at the same time it is a residential area. who opened the shop.
He said that the BJP has gained power not only in Meghalaya but across the North East of India where it has been able to rule in the states of the region. The people have seen the leadership of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Hundreds of people have come to take part in this protest. The protest has affected the traffic on this road and on the footpath. The permit has affected the movement of the people.
Residents should observe the following rules when going shopping. Only one member from one household is allowed to go shopping.
Over the years, SCOPE has facilitated regular workshops on key topics across the country.
According to a statement from the office of the Chief Electoral Officer, all the money was seized from a vehicle driven by a person with an Assam number plate. money and to investigate.
The HITO has demanded this inquiry after the Union Home Minister alleged that Meghalaya is a corrupt state.
Rowell Lyngdoh has served many times as an MLA from Mawkyrwat Constituency and it was during his tenure that he was able to create the South West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: U Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, the new CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), in his speech in the House, said that they have lost their power and have gone to ask for the Administrator Rule.
During the meeting, the Deputy Commissioner phoned the Inspectors to immediately inspect the shops in the market and if anyone is found taking advantage, they will be punished according to the law.
The Seng Khasi, Kmie, has organized this three-day Shad Suk Mynsiem every year as a sign of thanksgiving to God for the blessings He has bestowed upon mankind. .
It is learned that the destruction of the village by wild elephants is in the morning and evening twice a day and it is said that there are up to 7 wild elephants and these same elephants this year in The month of Lbet also destroyed the houses of Rajau.
Vivek Kumar, Director of the company, said that the pla is available in small sizes from packing waidong to those that can carry up to 7 kilos.
Speaking to reporters, Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma said that at this meeting, the CLP has decided to meet the Governor of the state to discuss the MRRSA. pass a law during the government of to detain people who want to enter this state.
On the other hand, the HSPDP, after electing a new president, will gather together all the supporters of the party who have left the party in the past years. organization, according to the news.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong L.Giri, Counselor Krippa Foundation, Shillong said that alcohol and drugs are diseases that do not regard gender, age, ethnicity but they are diseases. which affects all when we die and fall into them.
She said that the NPP has not forgotten its promises on the demand for ILP, on the inclusion of Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Eight Schedule.
The IMC 2022 will be held from 1st to 4th March under the theme “New Digital Universe”.
The arrested are Raymond Kharjana and Khrubok Dieng.
Shillong, Nailur 29: The BSF troops in charge of Meghalaya have taken land from the border villages with Bangladesh to send to Delhi for the construction of the 'Amrit Kalash Yatra' part of those who died in the struggle for the independence of the country.
They also recalled the past when there was any ethnic conflict in Shillong, Mawprem used to be one of the villages that affected the peace and order due to the large number of non-Khasis at that time.
“We are also surprised that not a single Khasi/Garo is in this Committee and apparently all of them are foreigners.
On the other hand, the RBYO has alleged that there has been insufficient work in the implementation of this project because the rice fields of the people inside Umktieh village have been damaged and covered with earth but there has been no any payment of compensation to the owners of the land who have been destroyed.
Shillong, Nailar 11: The Civil Society Women Organization (CSWO) today lodged an FIR against former Home Minister L Wanglat who is also a member of the Shillong Golf Club. his speech to the disciples in that place.
In his speech, the Principal of Tura Don Bosco College, Father John Parankimalil, said that Tura needs a training center for the students who will sit for the Administrative Services Examination.
In 51-South Tura Constituency, Conrad K Sangma of the NPP received 13655 votes and Charlotte W Momin of the INC received 5235 votes. K Sangma received 2211 votes, Chris Kabul A Sangma received 897 votes and NOTA received 218 votes.
The conference was also attended by the Union Minister in charge of Defence, the National Security Advisor, Child Ministers in charge of Defence, DGPs and IGPs of the States and UTs and the heads of the Central Police and the Central Army.
Shillong, Nailur 01: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today met with the Minister in charge of Rural Development, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar to urge the government to set up a The C&RD Block is located in Mawhati.
The decision was taken because the Legislative Assembly of the State will not hold a session until the end of the elections.
The festival was held as part of the efforts to attract tourists from all over the world and to promote the richness of culture, traditions and other activities.
He said that the interviews for the selection of Senior Residents are held almost every month to ensure the full number of Senior Residents in all departments.
As an MP of the Rajya Sabha, he has held the posts of Vice-Chairman, All Party Parliamentarians & Professionals Forum.
As an experienced teacher, he told the people to follow the new custom by using the ksing made in the shape of a box and having three ranks and having The places where the fish are stored, after the fish have been planted in those places, they will get good water.
Shillong, Naitung 16: The United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM) has urged the government to repair the LP School at Mawlai Umdang village in Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division of West Khasi Hills District.
The government's haste to pass the bill to ban the use of armaloi is an insult to anyone by the government, he said, adding that this is not good for the state.
There are families or clans who put phans and pray to worship and thank them from time to time.
The union has demanded that the government should immediately provide the necessary facilities inside the hospital so that it will bring confidence and confidence to the people to come for treatment in the nearest hospital to avoid suffering. to travel to Jowai and Shillong to get adequate treatment Especially for the poor.
During the meeting, the CEM of JHADC, accompanied by 8 EMs, expressed their readiness to take action on the issue. The CEM JHADC has promised to do whatever is necessary according to the recruitment rules of the Council so that the youth of Jaintia Hills can register together according to their various ranks. Thombor Shiwat in front of the leaders of the Sengbhalang.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: The desire to get a sports ground in Mawbynna Village, one of the areas under Kharang Village, has been a long-standing desire of the youth and residents of Kharang Village. The residents of Mawkynrew Constituency have attended the opening ceremony of the Maw Nongrim Sports Ground in the village. Through the initiative of Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MDC Mawkynrew Constituency to donate 5 Lak Tyngka The Special Assistance Scheme has been allocated for development works through the Chief Minister.
The NPP MLAs including the KHADC MDCs who are also from the NPP party were also present on the occasion. Amit Sinha, Sub Inspector of Police, who lost his life in a car accident in Gurgaon, Haryana on the 17th of this month.
Atul Kulkarni, Member, Board of Governors, IIM Shillong, who participated through the internet, expressed the commitment of the Dr Kalam Center to achieve the aspirations of the region, whether it is in self-employment, education. , the development of policies or training, and the opening up of the State Government to provide good governance.
Regarding the statement of the former Governor, they are not surprised at all because he is accustomed to making false statements and on his part he has nothing to say about this thoughtless statement. He used to criticize when he was a Lat and when he is no longer a Lat, he used to criticize klumar.
The Principal, Dr C Massar, said that the diploma course started in 2008 but the degree course has started this year.
: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District has submitted a petition to the Director General of Police (DGP) Kong Idashisha Nongrang to remove the Check Gate of the BSF troops at the bridge. Sonapyrdi, East Jaintia Hills District.
The party fully supports the proposal to amend Article 12(A)(b) to preserve the customs and traditions of the jaidbynriew especially in the countryside to improve this sector. said Bah KP Pangniang.
Regarding the complaint that there is a lack of funds from the government to conduct such blood donations, the Director said that he will take this complaint to the government to look into it. The blood of those who are sick is good.
For the welfare of the residents, which is the theme of the yatra, health camps have been held across the country and so far, more than 42 lakh people have been tested.
On the other hand, he strongly condemned the state government for not being able to provide security measures in the area, especially in Block II. “It's a stingy assumption by the state government that the Karbi rebels are also willing to use force against the Khasi even in the hot sun,” he said.
Shillong, June 04: The National Hynniewtrep People's Federation (NHPF) has appointed Youberlin L Sangriang as General Secretary and Damien Passah as Publicity Secretary. They have already installed a collection system for the collection of waste from hospitals at Syntian in Marten.
Speaking to reporters, Bah W Kharkrang, Chairman of Lawjynriew Village, said that this is a joint effort to fight against COVID-19 by delivering food items to the people who need food items. The government has imposed a curfew and people will not open the village shops.
“We hope and urge you as the Chairman of the Commission to take action on this legitimate demand for the benefit of the youth and the state as a whole,” said the Seng.
Our Government has also built health facilities such as Hospitals, CHCs, PHCs across the state to reach the most remote villages in the state.
The party is also pleased to say that being mainstream does not mean that we have to give up the right to land, customs, income and governance.
The Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, with his concern, said that if it continues like this as the servants of KHADC, it would be better before being handed over to others. The time will come for the Panchayat because as the servants of KHADC they have no basis to continue the Hima status which is subject to the rules of service and he said that every Hima should take care of this issue.
The following are listed as attempts to develop in what is still to be challenged with full authority over the language:: ka mut-mat is the most prominent face; I don't need anything.
Regarding the lack of Khasi books in the market, they will discuss this with the MBOSE. Regarding the price, the two teachers' unions have already met with the officials of the MBOSE. The MBOSE should tell the residents that the books should be adequate so that it will not affect the parents in terms of price.
The Joint Secretary, MHA, said that the Ministry of Home Affairs, Govt of India is conducting thorough discussions on the demands of the Garo Hills. However, if required by the MHA, it will proceed with the amendments to the Sixth Schedule for the Khasi & Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council.
He said that since the establishment of HANM this is the first time that the party has amended its Constitution.
The Syiem of Bhowal Hima said that the Government of India should not insult us because the IOA is still alive today, because the Government of India in 1947-1948 used the army to force the Khasi Syiems to sign the IOA and we as a nation will force the Government of India to grant ILP in our state.
Pyndap said that any decisions taken by the Central Executive Committee of the party, if approved by the majority of the members, will have to stand and cannot be applied for anyone.
The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Rosetta Mary, has been relieved of her post and appointed as the Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Applications under T.2 lakh will be made at the DC office, those under T.2 lakh to T.3 lakh will be at the Director's office and applications exceeding T3 will be made at the Director's office.
Samlin admitted that he is the youngest son in the party, and when you elect him as an MLA, when he reaches the Secretariat he will praise the government and I will continue to work wherever the money and scheme will come from. Secretariat and will flow to Weilyngkut, he said at a public meeting at the village.
Shillong, Iaiong 03: Unidentified persons entered the parking lot of Mawlai Police Station at 2 pm today and detonated a petrol bomb at a Gypsy with the number plate. ML02-0194 and this vehicle was damaged.
His latest work is “The Distaste of the Earth,” which also includes books to be published such as the epic novel Funeral Nights, HarperCollins, Time's Barter: Haiku and Senryu (HarperCollins), and Around the Hearth: Khasi Legends (Penguin).
Jowai, Naitung 16: The four-day annual Behdein Khlam festival of Riad Jowai after the planting of rice for the year 2017 concluded today at Aitnar Iongpiah with the participation of tens of thousands of people. they witnessed this special day.
The scrutiny of the nomination papers of all the candidates who have already filed for the election to be held on the 23rd of this month will be held tomorrow morning at all the polling stations where there are returning officers. as authorized by the Election Commission.
The DC expressed his gratitude to the police and the officials of Jowai Municipal for their cooperation. In this regard, thanks go to the members of the Sarbajan Puja Committee Jowai.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The Shillong Agarwal Samiti in collaboration with Bawri Nethralaya, one of the leading eye clinics in the state, will conduct a free eye treatment for the people of Meghalaya on 20th of this month at All Saints Hall and the eye treatment will start at 8.30 pm.
The ceremony was inaugurated by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, Ministers, MLAs, Chief Secretary, Director General of Police and party leaders. the world and its people.
In the men's category, Alexander Lyngdoh in the 80 kg category won the title while Hubert Paliar in the 70 kg category won the title. He received a gold medal in his right hand and a gold medal in his left hand.
Seven cases have recovered from the disease, 87 cases are still in critical condition, 21 cases are in hospital for treatment, 18 cases in East Khasi Hills, 1 case in Ri Bhoi and 1 case in West Garo. Hills 2 people.
The Bureau of Outreach and Communication of the Ministry of Information and Communications of the Union Government of Meghalaya has paid tribute to the soldiers who took part in the 1971 Bangladesh War. Two Khasi have attended the ceremony.
According to police sources, the kidnappers were between three and four persons, one of whom had a pistol at the time of the kidnapping. they.
“HANM will not allow those who intend to mushlia and ethnic discrimination in Meghalaya to make unfounded allegations anywhere and this is just a trick of someone,” he said.
On the other hand, the KSU together with the people strongly support the KSU horkit hordang and will not allow this railway line to come to the Khasi Hills.
The ban is from Pahamrioh to Umling to regulate the parking of heavy vehicles and coal trucks on this road which has affected the traffic of the people. pathar has covered the road.
The price of these calendars is T.20 tyngka for a single page calendar and T.80 tyngka for a multipage calendar.
The three largest markets in the border villages of South West Khasi Hills District and Bangladesh are Balat Market, Photkroh Market and Nongjri Market.
Besides the Assam government, the KSU also demanded that the JHADC should take action by talking to the Assam government and KAAC, so that the farmers from Khanduli village can be freed. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said the President of the KSU.
The Meghalaya government will now provide training for the purpose of making youth employable in other states.
The organizers of this public meeting should follow the decision of the Supreme Court of India on the use of firearms.
Shillong, July 18: U Samla Rangbah Rangdajied Kharpuri, former Leader of the KSU for the past few years, passed away today. He was arrested at Lummawbah Block -2 Upper Shillong.
(Section 8
The DC said that the ration shops have been set up by the government. (SP News).
In Garo Hills, the road from Tura to Dalu in West Garo Hills District has collapsed and many other landslides have also occurred.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: As usual, the Khasi Seng (KNU) has conducted a climb to Lum Sohpetbneng to thank the Creator with a prayer inside the specially built altar. on the clear mountain of Mount Sohpet Bneng.
During the march from Mawdan Syiem Sad to Lum Pomblang, there was gunfire all along the way until they reached the place of worship and this gunfire was also at the time of the blang Iewduh. ceremony.
In the complaint lodged by the four families, they also named Wanches Nongdhar, Jrek Mylliem Marbaniang, Kyrdon Shylla of Mawkduk and Kyrson Kharkongor. and Bah Krot Kharshiing from Lumdiengngan.
About 12 foreign traders including exporters and shopkeepers have surrendered before the KHADC.
There are 21 cases in East Khasi Hills, 4 cases in West Garo Hills, 4 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 2 cases in Ri Bhoi and 1 case in South Garo Hills.
On the same day, the body of James M Marak, 21, was recovered from Apex Bank Colony, Williamnagar. The body was taken to the Civil Hospital. Williamnagar to do what is necessary.
After the meeting this morning, we found that all the people wanted us to invite foreigners and the people gave their support to the EC and we took the decision of the Dorbar Shnong.
You will also receive water through the JalJeewan Mission.
Replying to a question on the ILP, he said that the Union Ministers come to the North East and submit a report to the Central Government on this issue. and the ILP on his part will also submit a report to the Central Government.
Shillong, November 22: U Madan Bahadur Thapa, 22, resident of Jhalupara, Shillong, has been arrested on charges of raping a child at Marvellene Inn. Rilbong has surrendered to the police today.
Jowai, June 14: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) and the Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) under the leadership of Bah PL Majaw, President of the JYF and Samla Emperor Bareh, General Secretary of the JYF, on Tuesday held a meeting to discuss the issue. They met with the CEM of JHADC, Ma Thombor Shiwat today to demand the immediate removal of the persons appointed by the former CEM, Ma Madonbai Rymbai. , without giving public advertisement in the media which is clear information to the youth of Jaintia Hills to be able to register according to the various grades they have completed in their studies. , as they have been educated by parents who have spent their time and energy for their children to get education and employment so that their future will be bright.
The SP said that the police department will continue to conduct checks on vehicles and two wheelers to ensure safe driving on the roads.
“The Government of India's investment in the JalJeevan Mission has helped the health sector as shown in this survey,” he said.
In Shillong, former Union Minister of State for Child Development Vincent H. Pala, who is contesting from the Congress, has had to contest against Shibun Lyngdoh, candidate of the United Democratic Party (BJP). Party of Bah PBM Basaiawmoit candidate.
Saiñborlang Basaiawmoit was sworn in as President, Probinus Siangriang was sworn in as General Secretary and other office bearers and members of the Executive Committee.
SARTHAQ will enable our youth to achieve their goals and overcome challenges and allow them to acquire modern skills along with knowledge about India's culture, traditions and traditional values ​​as envisaged in the National Education Policy
Speaking to reporters at the Khasi National Dorbar Halls after the election of the new office bearers of the party youth party, Banteidor said they are confident that the peace talks will succeed this time. long job does not end only in the newspapers.
There are 42 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 5 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 3 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 12 cases in West Garo Hills, 1 case in East Garo Hills and 1 case in South Garo Hills. Two cases were reported from North Garo Hills District and one case from North Garo Hills District.
The new government has completed 10 months in power and 60 laws have been repealed to make life easier.
The UDP has sought ways and means to nominate a candidate from this constituency to contest from the UDP. The MLA of Nongkrem and other UDP members from West Khasi Hills.
The closing ceremony of the tournament was attended by Bah Kyrmen Shylla, Minister of State as the Chief Guest and Bah Synshar Lyngdoh Thabah MLA as the Chief Guest.
Shillong, July 23: There have been 318 new cases of COVID-19 in the country today, 1 from East Jaintia Hills and 201 from East Khasi Hills. , Eastern West Khasi Hills 3, Ri Bhoi 24, South Garo Hills 1, South West Garo Hills 8, South West Khasi Hills 2, West Garo Hills 70, West Jaintia Hills 6, West Khasi Hills There are 198 cases in East Garo Hills, 1 in East Jaintia Hills, 1 in East Jaintia Hills, 140 in East Khasi Hills, 6 in Ri Bhoi, 3 in South West Garo Hills, 28 in West Garo Hills. There are 84,841 cases in Jaintia Hills and 4 in West Khasi Hills.
The meeting was led by Bah Kmen Myrshiang, Secretary of the CCIB, who has been fighting for many years against the CEM of KHADC. while the boundary has not yet been determined.
“It has been 30 years since I started farming and since then I have not stopped,” said Bah P.Marwein from Mawtnum village in Ri-Bhoi.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, he congratulated the organizers and also promised to support the project.
On the other hand, the KSU expects that the university will take action to complete the appointment if the talks are not successful. choose people to appoint.
“As it turns out, the minister does not understand and does not know well the working of the dangle education department,” said Bah Nongsiang.
Shillong, Lber 14: Police today arrested Bah MB Rymbai, Chief Executive Member and former Chief Executive Member of Jaintia Hills District, Shillong. date of this month.
A short program was conducted by Edie Malngiang, General Secretary of Mawlai Circle and a keynote address was delivered by Franky Lamin, General Secretary of Mawlai Circle. the Unit Collector who has explained the purpose of the unit on the donation here at the Creche.
Pynshngian introduced the Bill, “The Nomination, Succession and Election of Syiem, Deputy Syiem, Lyngskor, Bakhraw, Longsan, Mansan, Shnat Raid, Rangbah Shnong or Sordar Shnong and Administration of Khyrim Syiemship Bill”. , 2024, the amendment was added to the bill introduced in the House.
“Yoga promotes physical, mental and spiritual fitness and also promotes social harmony," he said.
On the other hand, he said that if the government gives permission, they cannot oppose the government but it is up to the higher authorities. Trading License, a license only to own a property, or a license to operate a casino.
The Instrument of Accession and the Annexed Agreement were ratified by the Government of India on 17th Aug
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Central Body strongly condemns the Chief Minister's statement that 'No Work Permit is required in Meghalaya' for foreigners. Those who come to the state to work but have to register with the Labor Department.
The presence of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere is necessary for the greenhouse effect because the greenhouse effect protects the earth from the sun's rays.
He promised to follow up on this matter and also to discuss with the CPWD department why the work could not start even after it had been handed over for complete preparation.
He said that the program to provide employment opportunities to the youth in the Government of India is ongoing.
The office of the Federation of Khasi States immediately informed the officers of Parliament about the delay in the letter inviting them to appear before the Parliamentary Standing Committee on Home Affairs in New Delhi.
Shillong, March 21: Police in charge of Dalu Police Station have received a complaint that Rasthy A Sangma has raped his 16-year-old daughter in November. art and eye.
This is why the likelihood of it having an effect is very low.
It is vital, then, that we hold fast to the teachings of justice and love that Jesus taught us.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The KSU Lawse Village Council today held a march in the village in the morning to condemn the robbery of Biangkupar Nongsiej who committed the murder of his wife. Saralin Wanniang, Tiehsaw Village.
The BSF said that the reason for the smuggling of cattle from this area is that it is a forest area and at the same time it is an area that has not been cleared.
Besides that Meghalaya has already reached the bottom in terms of literacy in India, it will continue to fall even further than Bihar which is the bottom state.
I would like to thank the Indian Air Force and the entire team of Air Force Station Tezpurki for arranging this flight.
Unfortunately, in a meeting with Dr. Mukul Sangma on 6th September 2011, he promised to set up a Blood Bank as soon as possible. They visited the Civil Hospital Jowai and asked the Superintendent to provide all the necessary facilities.
The union urges the public not to trust UCIL on this issue as UCIL is like a shymprong that has turned back and does not understand where it wants to go.
The HSPDP strongly opposes the mining of uranium.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, the Minister in charge of Road Development, Martin M Dango, said that thanks to the government and the hard work of the MLA of the area, Bah Dorphang, this village will be able to The construction of the 9 kilometer road will soon be approved.
At the same time, the union would like to suggest to the government to introduce only the food and beverage trains and not the passenger trains in Byrnihat.
Shillong, July 13: As part of the Media Tour organized by the Press Information Bureau under the Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra, a group of journalists from Uttar Pradesh visited Umden-Diwon Eri Silk village, 70 km away. from Shillong on Friday.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Balajied's mother R Synrem, family members and supporters of the UDP party from the constituency where he won the mid-term elections.
During the visit, the Director of IBSD, Prof. Pulok K. Mukherjee explained to the students how to improve the quality of science and technology. use them for the protection of the environment.
Regarding the show today, all the shows were packed except for the show at 7 pm.
The Samla Shnong Seng explains that the Samla Shnong has been raised, cared for and invested by our ancestors since ancient times for the benefit of us. The High Court has declared us Umsawkhwan Village as the owners of the Mawpalai Forest.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: A sudden storm has destroyed 20 houses in Mawlynrei village under Mawryngkneng Block at 10.30 am today.
He stressed on the involvement of all in financial services, information sharing and continued efforts to bring about holistic development in the North East.
He agreed that the time demanded special legislation to protect the rights of minorities through legislation.
He urged the people to go to Umpleng AD Camp if they have any work, said Bah K.Iangrai, MPS)A sstt.
Minimon Laloo, one of the prominent writers of Meghalaya, has received the India Nepal International Friendship Award 2013 in recognition of her contribution to literature.
In 2017, he was appointed as the first Vice Chancellor of Captain Williamson Sangma's Technical University in Jewilgre by the Government of Meghalaya.
On the other hand, Kong Khonglah expressed her special gratitude to the Minister in charge of Forests, Bah Tynsong, the PCCF, the DFO(T) of Jaintia Hills for listening to what they said. This was announced by the members of the union regarding the smuggling of Mawshun and Mawreng to the north of Bangladesh.
KHNAM has urged the leaders from various units of Shella constituency and also the supporters of the party to take the time to attend the meeting, said Bah James Nengnong Secretary KHNAM Shella. Constituency.
PWD Building, Information and Public Relation Department, Labor Department, Information Technology and Communication Department.
Answering a question, Bah Marwein said that if the government calls for talks again, they will go only if the government says that it will accept to implement the ILP in the state. thoughts on this same subject will not go away.
There is an unenforced law known as the Prevention of Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act
He said that in JHADC there are nine polling stations where the polling stations have started to leave until 7 pm and these are still on the way.
Hundreds of men and women from all over the Nongtung Raid and Ri Bhoi District have attended the festival. Speaking on the occasion was Bah Albinus Timung President of All Meghalaya Karbi Cultural. Society, Bah Binus Maslai of the Tiwa community of Umhi village, said that this dance has brought about unity among the people who have been affected by Raid Nongtung.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: A transformer at Nongrah near Hubert Memorial Umpling School has suddenly caught fire at 7.15 pm this evening. to the houses around it.
Police said that Bah Rymbai was arrested from Wapungskur village on 16.11.2018 on suspicion of involvement in the bombing of these two leaders. development organization.
John F Kharshiing strongly condemned those people who attacked the journalists in that incident as it appeared in the media.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: Dr. Amin Nongrum, Head of Health Center at the Additional Secretariat, said that this is for all the employees of the Secretariat and for the police.
Khasi Disabilities Association (KDA) who visited her at her office.
There are 18 presiding officers, 12 in Khasi Hills and 6 in Garo Hills. 1269 cases and 836 cases in Garo Hills.
On the other hand, the General Secretary of the party, Bah Allfonbirth Kharsyntiew, requested the Minister through a memorandum to increase the allocation for agriculture so that it will benefit the farmers.
This has left the farmers in a state of shock.
Shillong, November 23: The Baptist Church of Garo Hills has launched its quarterly religious magazine from Tura on Saturday at Rongkhon, Tura by its leader Rington T Sangma.
Tura, July 15 : The President of India, Droupadi Murmu, has inaugurated the 5th Meghalaya Games 2024 at the PA Sangma Stadium in Tura. .
When the Seng went to check to find out the truth, it found that many of the windows and doors had been broken as well as the tin taps from the house.
“We cannot implement it now across the state but the government has decided to start the construction of the Housing Complex soon,” he said.
In the morning they will meet with the media.
Robert said that this protest does not mean that the jaidbynriew will remain peaceful. If Delhi listens, it will say that they will speak after the end of the Assam elections. West Bengal can't trust them now.
Although six months is a very short period, in retrospect, it is a remarkable achievement that the Modi 2.0 government has achieved, wrote the Union Minister in charge of Environment, Forest & Climate Change. ; Information & Broadcasting; Heavy Industries & Public Enterprises.
This conference highlights the need to include the customs and traditions of the people according to the traditional stories so that writings or any educational materials can be produced for the ECCE to be in line with the National Curriculum Framework (NCF, Oct 2022) and the new Education Policy
The Megha Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) Phase 5 and the Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana (PMJAY) will be implemented from 01st November 2022, according to a statement sent by the CEO. Shillong, July 28: The employees of MeECL under the banner of MeECL will resume their strike tomorrow by holding the flag until 31st July
For now, the KHADC will focus more on the shops as many of them have done too much by building too much and the garbage has been dumped in the streets.
The Chief Minister's Deputy Prestone said that the people should not take advantage of the unemployment, the law enforcement agencies will do whatever is necessary.
Regarding a complaint at Rynjah Police Station that two children have disappeared after receiving a request from the East Khasi Hills District Police that two girls have been abducted and these two children have been abducted. He was released from Kherapara in West Garo Hills.
These teachers have taken the initiative to train the children in collaboration with groups under the Persons with Disabilities Act (1995) and the National Trust Act (1999) in class IX to XII, those with disabilities and for women has a special view for them.
Shillong, Nailur 18: U Bah Banshai Marbaniang, Chairman of the Awakening India Movement of Meghalaya State Unit, on Tuesday said that the World Wide Rally is a rally to protect the people of Meghalaya. The COVID-19 vaccine has been forced to be given to the people around the world.
The DC of West Garo Hills welcomed the guests and at the same time the officers of the state tourism department gave the welcome speech and the welcome speech was delivered by Ava Shereen Sangma, officer in charge of tourism.
In a statement, Bah John said that the most important thing in the protection of the jaidbynriew is that the Khlieh Nongsynshar have been banned from the Hima politics from taking part in politics.
Drivers and EMTs to improve and serve the public who need the assistance of 108 employees have formed this union as a group to bring closer the relationship between the employees of EMRI108 and the people who need help.
Momin (West Garo Hills District) (Bronze) Donbok Nongrum (East Khasi Hills District) (Bronze) Men Freestyle Wrestling ( 61 Kg ) Pynshngain Bareh (East Jaintia Hills District) (Gold)
The Academy congratulates Mebanpynshngaiñ Khyriem and Mangpaka Nongkynrih for their success in this Trial despite the fact that it was not easy for them to enter the National Camp of Reliance. to showcase their talents with 56 children of the country.
Shillong, Nailur 4: Two members of the Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) today appeared before the Sardar Police Station. carrying the flags of the party to the entrance of the police station.
As a sign of honour, Bah Shaniahbha Dkhar, President of the MSCSO, presented a Certificate of Achievement in the form of a memento prepared by the MSCSO to the school. Principal, Mrs. Theily Dkhar, and also with a Cash Prize Award of Rs.5000/-.
In the procession, the winners were honored for the book 'Khubor 'Iing Khristan' received by Kong Mercy Kharkamni by the Archbishop and the launch of the book by Dr. Emil Nongbri. In the afternoon, a large procession led by the cross followed, in which the participants of the bands were three Cathedral Band, Savio Junior Band and Don Bosco Band and the car carrying the Sacrament.
The Government has taken the suggestion of the 13 Sengbhalang at a meeting held on 28th June. On this basis, the Government has set up a committee to look into where to set up the entry and exit points of the Sengbhalang. Foreigners have been involved in many government activities in this regard.
This happened just two years after the dome of the new Legislative Assembly collapsed on 22nd June,
In the future, the government should ensure that there will be no more uranium mining, otherwise the party will not be able to think of anything else.
At present, there are two prominent leaders within the party to take over the post of president, they are Bah KP Pangniang, former MLA of Rambrai Jyrngam and former MLA of Pariong. let Tuberlin Fly.
In fact, it should have been looked into before introducing this Bill to ban the use of weapons,” he said. which is great on the part of the government".
Such games will be held at different places to raise awareness among the public about the dangers and at the same time to inform the public that there is a cure if you take action to take medicines.
He said these centers would provide assistance to the state in the fields of education and agriculture.
They include Biangbor Paliar and Dakishanlang Malngiang in charge of the KSU North Khasi Hills District Unit, Sonstar Nongkhlaw and Barikular Nongsiej in charge of the KSU South West Khasi Hills District Unit. Rapborlang Nongrum and Spaindarsing Lyngkhoi will be in charge of the KSU West District Unit. Manly Nongpluh and Ostarnic Marbaniang will be in charge of the KSU South. Reallystar Nongspung, Raymond Kharjana and Vincent Makri as the inspectors of KSU Mawryngkneng Circle and Eric Nongkynrih and Pynshaiborlang Rani as the incharge of KSU Sohiong. , Tyrsad, Mawphlang and Mawnap Circle.
Strengthen self-monitoring of compliance with rules: Strengthen self-monitoring of compliance with rules by establishing Content Evaluation Committees and transforming the existing Inter-Departmental Committee into Broadcast Advisory Council' which is more involved and more widespread.
It was at this time that he and three friends mixed alcoholic beverages with alcohol and gave her a drink until she lost consciousness.
Tura, Naitung 8: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today visited two districts of South West Garo Hills and West Garo Hills. districts in the Garo Forest.
On this occasion, u Bah Hek said that the priority jobs to be provided will be for the jobs that can be used in the state and the result is that the market can be run within the state itself. because the most important thing is the market.
Shillong, Lber 10: U Dr. Mukul Sngma MLA and TMC leader in Meghalaya on Tuesday said that it is the Congress party which has announced its candidates for both the MP constituencies in Meghalaya.
Dr Vincent has focused on his work on the environment, in recent years he has written many books on the environment, especially the problems faced by the indigenous peoples. of this eastern region we have met.
Hooid, the authorities have tried to install the transformers in the past few months but as they are old, they have broken down again after a few days of installation.
This is an issue related to the health of our children, who are the future of the state, we need to take good care of them.
At present, the training center is operating from the rented building they are currently occupying.
At the same time, the EM said that the KHADC has its own law which can prohibit traders without proper documents within the border. Bah Sanbor, the oldest MDC in the KHADC, should understand this.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The Executive Director of Meghalaya, Shillong today estimated that 29 villages across the state have been affected by the cyclone on Tuesday 5/5/2 Meghalaya, 483 houses have been destroyed and 949 people have been affected.
Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills, Jagpal Singh Dhanoa, in a statement sent to the media, said, “On the 24th, during the public awareness campaign inside the premises of the M/s Meghalaya Cements Limited, Thangskai: A video of the incident has appeared on Batesi TV's Youtube channel. many people shouted with loud words.
The CEM of KHADC has urged the Chief Minister to find ways and means for the dewbilat factory to resume operations so that the problems of the workers in the country can be solved. with the factory.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has set up a 24×7 Control Room in Shillong to report cases of money laundering.
The people of Mylliem did not think that Prah would be strong if they knew that Prah was strong, they gave their full support.
There are 153 cases in East Khasi Hills, 104 cases in East Khasi Hills, 25 cases in West Garo Hills, 11 cases in Ri Bhoi, 2 cases in North Garo Hills, 1 case in South Garo Hills and 1 case in South Garo Hills. West Garo Hills 1, South East Khasi Hills 1, West Khasi Hills 1, the total number of cases is
In the past, when mobile phones came, people used to hang out only when they got their phones.
According to sources, the KHADC has not been able to make rules to recognize the Khasi medicine practitioners according to the KHADC for six years. legislation, the rulemaking process is said to be underway.
The reason for the smuggling of cattle from the border is that many of the areas have not yet been able to complete the signboard.
According to information received, it is understood that these injection needles, which were broken up to three boxes of books at the same place, were said to have been used.
The government has appointed a Magisterial Inquiry headed by a Magistrate to find out the root cause of the riots in Ichamati.
New Delhi, Naitung 23: “Ye AkashvaniHai” was spoken by Anurag Thakur at the Rang Bhawan Auditorium in Akashvani Bhawan today.
Impossible, how can they properly balance the books," he said.
The mother of Kong Ciona came to speak to reporters while holding a homemade tool.
The purpose of setting aside next year as the Year of the Family is to ensure that Catholic families run smoothly.
Speaking to media, Bah Teiborlang Pathaw said that the meeting with the Minister was to expedite the work in a timely manner and also to complete it within the time set by the Government.
Ed) belonging to the first group of 2013 where the result was released on the 22nd of this month by cheating and this is the third time that they have released the result. The same mistake was made in
So far, more than 51 lakh sanctions have been approved under these schemes to improve the livelihoods of street vendors.
In a letter sent to the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Niman Shadap President said that the permit for trucks to carry coal should be 9 metric tonnes and these trucks are inspected by the police. There is no police station.
Police have conducted a search warrant for the suspect.
“The SP said that the people of Assam have come out and demanded that the Meghalaya Police should return to the place where they came from as this place is still under the jurisdiction of the state. Assam.
Lamphrang Kharbani said that the party's suggestion to the KHADC is that the chiefs and village headmen should pass laws that Khasi women should no longer marry foreigners.
The government has appointed a magisterial inquiry into the incident and the letter is headed by the Commissioner Division of Garo Hills PW Ingity while the civil society wants a judicial inquiry.
The President of the Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union (MEMRIWU) Roypar Kharraswai said, “At this meeting we have discussed the salary payment after the meeting. The Government has said that it will increase the Annual Increment by 7 percent from the current salary.
The four children who were rescued by the BSF are Leading Stone, 6, son of Mintu, Abhijeet, 7, son of Ajit Dev, Tranky, 5, son of Ajit Dev. Hesting and Barik, 16, of Daman, all four are residents of Lyngkhat village in East Khasi Hills Meghalaya.
This was announced in a statement by HYC Mawlai Circle Organizing Secretary Shanbor Marwein.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya has congratulated the people of Raid Mukhla who have been able to hold this ritual because this ritual has been able to be held after two years due to the outbreak of COVID-1 I am pleased to take part in this ceremony because this is a sign to the world and the government gives its support to preserve our culture and traditions because this is very important. big.
He said he was happy to be with these young people who are the future of the country.
On Thursday night at 7.30 pm, BSF troops received a tip that some people were on the border with Bangladesh in Shella area of ​​East Khasi Hills District. but these robbers managed to escape.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister stressed the need for cooperation between the government and the education sector in order to introduce appropriate policies.
A welcome speech was delivered by the President of the party who welcomed all the guests especially the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District PS Dkhar.
“I want to assure the country that the selflessness of our troops will not be in vain,” he said.
Pynshai Rani, Spokesperson of the KSU, said that all the offices on the border of Khasi Hills when there are special days of the jaidbynreiw on which the government has declared public holidays, all the offices are closed. to honor that.
The union has suggested to the DC to convene a meeting with all the various groups to discuss and achieve this goal.
“After returning to India after completing his law studies in England, Sardar Patel went on to follow Mahatma Gandhi's non-violent campaign against British rule.
Shillong, Nailur 16: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh today convened a meeting of the High Level Committee of the Legislative Assembly. this is about the collapse of the Dome.
They said that when they drive to this area in a place where they can comfortably travel, they are worried about their health because of the condition of the road. the rocks in the midst of the rivers.
“A golden opportunity only happens once or twice and it will never happen again.
Finally, the union urges the Minister of Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Bah John F Kharshiing, Working President, and especially other office bearers of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association to take action to resolve this issue immediately. to listen carefully to this issue so that we will not be ridiculed in front of the North Eastern states.
Referring to parts of Garo Hills, he said that the electricity supply is not sufficient, as it is now, the 132 KV power supply from Agia has been completed and he is confident. that Garo Hills will also be expelled like other parts of the industry.
During the meeting, Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley welcomed the group and promised to look into the matter. This office is located in Shillong.
We are grateful to you Father that this research of yours has benefited many readers of Khasi Literature.
“There are also steps to strengthen more than 2 lakh small scale enterprises engaged in food related sectors,” he said. on the need for vocal for local.
The CAA prohibits them from becoming citizens of India unless they come to live in the Normal Area of ​​Shillong Municipality.
Speaking on the occasion, DG-CSIR Dr Shekhar C Mande said that the Dry-Swab Direct RT-PCR test is inexpensive, easy to implement without the need for new equipment and existing personnel can do this without the need for training courses and will therefore be a great contribution to strengthening rapid testing capacity in the country.
Shah said it is the habit of achieving success that makes a person and a group good at work and this is an example of walking in the right path in one's life, by which are successful and firmly established.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: Police of Ri Bhoi District today conducted a raid and seized a vehicle and seized 2.34 kilos of gold worth T.1.5 crore from it.
He said that the purpose of the inspection was to see whether it is still suitable for small vehicles to drive only to reduce the traffic jam on the Mawiongrim to Umïam road.
This was announced in a statement sent by the General Secretary of the party, Donal V Thabah.
“Today, I have instructed the staff not to issue licenses to anyone until we issue the order," he said.
All the participants from Mizoram, Nagaland, Assam and Meghalaya came as individuals.
Promising to cooperate with the new office, Samla Shiningstar said that through this new office in the village, the KSU does not promise to bring about development or anything else but the KSU promises. to promote the development of “Zingsngain” in the entire region when the work demands.
On the 17th, police received a tip that there were drug traffickers passing through this road. Police from Mawngap Police Station have set up a Nakas to stop vehicles on the road. part of Hynniewtrep.
At present, there is no place for children to play in the urban areas. With the provision of this place from the Central Government, Upper Lumparing has made it possible for children to play in the Upper Lumparing. 12 years old.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: Customs at Dawki on Tuesday seized 122 kilos of Akor timber from a vehicle smuggling to Bangladesh.
On the existence of old trees which endanger the traffic and lives of the people, Prestone said the Forest Department is responsible for them.
The entire Garo Hills this year has been affected by the unprecedented heavy rains which have caused floods and landslides in almost all the villages and areas. in Garo Hills.
In this regard, HANM has also given its opinion to the KHADC on this issue.
The Anti Ragging Committee of the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) on Tuesday decided to send a letter to the Director General of Police (NEHU) Dr. LR Bishnoi. DP Wahlang and the Superintendent of Police of Tura to urge them to expedite the investigation into the assault on a student at NEHU Tura Campus.
Because this is the greatest benefit to the Shnong Umkiang, especially in terms of cleanliness, the surroundings of the Shnong Umkiang.
Mr P.Kharwanlang (Sirdar, Mawmluh) then gave a speech on behalf of the community as he thanked the representatives of MLCU for the initiative of publishing a book that not only educates but inspires children to appreciate the beauty and importance of caves while also emphasizing the importance of educating others who visit our cave to preserve cleanliness.
Yoga also promotes peace of mind, the Prime Minister said.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa,im Ainam Syiem, on Tuesday urged all the people not to get any information before accusing the Hima of Mylliem. The BSF troops at Lokhra-Beltola have been arrested.
At the same time, the Mawhati Block Congress Committee strongly condemns the action of the Assam Government which has just put up a signboard and a wall in Sabuda Village which reads “Welcome to West Karbi Anglong, Assam”.
“Bah Bull Lyngdoh has passed away at the age of
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah M Ryngksai said it is surprising that the BSF troops patrolling along the Dawki River and the Home Guard troops guarding the Dawki Bridge cannot. Bangladeshis enter India to steal private ships.
On the other hand, the Speaker of the House said that the MLA's statement cannot be accepted because nothing was said at the time of the Privilege Motion and the House has accepted it. decision.
Three roads have been temporarily closed due to the landslide, Mawkynrew to Mawlat, Lynshing and Mawlat, Mawkdok to Khatarshnong. The PMGSY road to Kshaid which falls under Shella Bhollaganj Block has also been closed.
On the other hand, the CE of PWD said that from now on there will be no master roll within the PWD. plant a new one.
The Central Government has allocated T.6000 crore for this project, only T.240 crore has been spent in 2015-2016 and only T.200 crore has been spent in 2016-2
This day is commemorated by the Army every year on 16th November. This day is the day when the Indian Army won against the Pakistani Army. This is the day of Bangladesh.
Explaining in more detail, the Minister said, The Y20 Summit is a unique opportunity for the youth to give their views on policies and to use this platform to express their views to the world.
At the same time, he urged the people not to be afraid and to be vigilant and not to be stingy, and to follow the rules and regulations laid down by the government.
The measures to protect the rights of the Hima and the children of the thousands are through these Acts and Rules passed by the District Council and approved by the State Government.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) today submitted a petition to the Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, who is in charge of the Ministry of Home Affairs. request for clarification regarding the transfer and appointment of police officers within the police department.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: There are 37 new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 20 in East Garo Hills and 7 in East Garo Hills. There were 266 cases.
He said that the statement of the Chief Minister's Secretary, Bah Prestone Tynsong that there is a shortage of food is true and the traders today have informed the KHADC, but the problem is the rules and regulations of the KHADC. The KHADC will take this opportunity to discuss the removal of the slip.
All this has become a source of income for the Syiem and some of those involved in the same purpose.
When talking about the issues within the party, it should remain within the party, it is not to talk and it is better to resolve the issues within the party and as leaders we should avoid doubts. There are 13 MLAs in the country. This news has been written since
“By announcing his intention to win from Shillong seat, Bah Pala told us about the victories of the Congress in the past 15 years.
We strongly urge the KHADC authorities to urgently convene a Special Session to approve and enforce the Rules of each Hima for the peace and order of the people in this Ri Khasi Jaintia.
Shillong, Nailur 27: The Women Organization of Ri Bhoi District (WORD) has expressed its gratitude to the MDCs who have supported him to become the CEM of JHADC. He expressed his concern over the stinginess and irresponsibility of the doctor in charge of Umsning CHC to look after the problems of the people of Umsning and surrounding villages.
If Non-Tribals can ignore the rules of JHADC, why can't indigenous people ignore any rules of JHADC? Why only the indigenous people have to follow the rules of the JHADC? Therefore, in relation to the Trading License, the union also demands that the JHADC should discuss and discuss this issue of Trading. License in this Dorbar Tlang.
Speaking at the National Convention on Transforming Northeast India, Dr Jitendra Singh said that the progress in the field of roads in the last two years has been significant. , together with the hard work of the government authorities, has led the youth to turn to this area to start their own businesses.
At this meeting it was also decided that those who wish to settle down, should obtain permission from the Dorbar Shnong and the owners of houses who wish to rent houses to foreigners to trade or set up shops should obtain permission. permission of the Village Council.
In a letter sent to the CEM of KHADC, the CCIB said they want to know what the KHADC has done to protect the land from the government's plan to take land in the area. Mawshun and Pyrdiwah are located in the district of East Khasi Hills.
On the other hand, Sohan said the government should think about the party's proposal for peace talks and the party demands the immediate release of the party leader. Branch Champion".
Paiem Laborius Syiem, former Syiem of Mylliem Hima, and Adviser, Federation of Khasi States, in his speech said that it is necessary to strengthen the four Dorbars, namely the House Dorbar, the Kur Dorbar, the Shnong Dorbar and the Raid Dorbar. and the Dorbar Hima which are the foundations of the country and the nation.
The Chief Minister said that his father PA Sangma has a close relationship with the leaders of India. Despite the busy schedule, he took the time to take part in the celebration of the 125th birth anniversary of Subbhas Chandra Bose.
There are 59 polling stations in all the polling stations and the Election Department has provided all the necessary security measures to ensure that the elections will run smoothly in all the polling stations.
During this two-day festival, there will be many performances and music by prominent bands and also those bands that are still struggling to showcase their talents. in the fog.
The result of the MLA elections will also be surprising and unexpected after the 2nd March 2023 which is the new polling day in the state.
The BSF has received a complaint from the forest area near the border with Bangladesh. When the BSF called them, these people resisted and fled. Ganja was seized from the area where the people fled.
This is a pride for the country.
At the same time, the Cabinet has decided to pay T.800/- to those who have passed degree, those who have passed diploma to those who have passed class XII. T.600/- per month and those who pass class V to class VII will receive T.400/- per month.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that the sudden death of Munde has brought a great loss not only to India but also to the BJP. He was from a small community and worked hard for the people until he reached this position but this tragic incident has brought a great loss to the country.
“The encouragement of doctors and nurses to the patients is very important,” he said.
All private satellite TV channels must comply with the Program and Advertising Codes of the Cable Television Networks (Regulation) Act, 1995 and the laws made.
What has happened in the political elections in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has put the people in shock and surprise, as in the Legislative Assembly of the State, the National People's Party (NPP) has joined hands with the United Democratic Party (UDP). The Indian National Congress is in the Opposition.
Shillong, March 03: Ferdinand Suchiang of Meghalaya Home Guard won the gold medal in the Jeet Kune tournament held in Hong Kong today against a Filipino in the Jeet Kune tournament. Of the Championship.
There are 387 cases in East Khasi Hills, 142 cases in West Garo Hills and 96 cases in West Garo Hills.
Teachers under the banner of MCTA today held a flag raising ceremony at their respective colleges to protest against the government's failure to respond to the demands of the teachers. better allocation of funds in education to wade through and appoint teachers in all the vacant nets.
On the other hand, the Officer in charge of this matter has promised to the Seng that he will not accept foreigners and will appoint foreigners who have been trained in the land related fields. Port Authority of India.
The BJP Meghalaya State Unit has expressed its gratitude to the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi for the continued distribution of foodgrains to the poor and needy people. 19 has affected the income of the people.
The construction of the Land Port at Dawki was approved by the High Level Empowered Committee (HLEC) of the Ministry of Defense of the Union Government on 4th June
On the other hand, the villagers of Lyngkhat have praised the BSF troops for rescuing these four children from drowning in the water inside the village.
(SP News).2 Central Wars, 3 West Wars, 7 Nangbah Wars, 13 Saphai Wars, 16 Shangpung Wars, 17 Jowai North Wars and 29 Bataw Lakadong Wars.
In 1987, I didn't go to school, I didn't go to work or I didn't go to class.
The State Planning Board urges the public to register on time so that they can use the MHIS Card in times of health problems.
According to the government announcement issued today, the new civil sub division has 258 villages and the names of the villages are as follows: , Poriu, Nonghawei, Mawsmai, Dobakdrop, Malang Khasi, Siminaguri, Ranighat, Ranighat, Moipara, Umshiak, Salpara, Aradonga, Athiabari, Umsaitwait, Mawkhrang, Baspani, Malapara, Salbaang, Chisimpara, Khasi, Khasi , Upper Kijiang, Thunaguri, Dilbot, Aberam, Hahuapara, Upper District, Mawehrang, District.
The behavior of these people is unacceptable in the society and the MSCW strongly condemns this act of violence.
Until now, those laws are still pending in the state government and have not yet received the approval of the Governor to become a full law.
Speaking to reporters, Lamphrang Kharbnai, President of HANM, CoMSO, said that the ILP has not been implemented in the state by the central government. Kharbani said that when 60 MLAs of the Legislative Assembly accepted the decision of the Legislative Assembly to demand ILP, The state has said that 30 lakh residents of the state demand the implementation of the ILP in the state.
Shillong, November 10: The people of nine MDC Constituencies will elect their leaders for two District Councils on the 13th of this month, one for JHADC and seven for JHADC. In the past few months, the most active election campaign has been held in the two constituencies of Nongkrem and Nongspung-Sohiong Constituency, while other constituencies have been as usual.
He said that the request of the union not to drive at night has expired on 2nd March 2023 at 5 pm and has been in place for 10 months. that is, from the 25th of November.
New Delhi, November 17: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will visit Arunachal Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh on November 19,
Deborah said leaders should be people who can speak for the people.
The closing date for receipt of online application forms is
The purpose of this currency exchange is to curb terrorism, money laundering, and to curb counterfeit currency.
Bah Sambun Dkhar has been arrested by the police on charges of involvement in the murder in
Special thanks to Dr.N.Momin in charge of Nangbah PHC together with the staff of PHC who have come forward to take responsibility for the The test to these villagers is not a sign to prevent the spread of the disease.
Tura, July 03: U Howelson D. Sangma has stabbed his wife Helen M Sangma to death at Dawa Nengatok village in East Garo Hills.
It will help the people to increase their income.
Celebrating the plethora of differences within India, the song attempts to contribute to the NVD 2023 theme which is ‘.
This award is based on food manufacturing.
Dr. Ampareen was accompanied by NPP State President Prestone Tynsong, NPP National General Secretary Sniawbhalang Dhar and others. NPP East Khasi Hills President Gavin Mylliem, Comingone Ymbon, Minister of State, Banteidor Lyngdoh, Wailadmi Shylla, Santa Mary Shylla, Pynïaid Sing Syiem, Fantin Lakadong, Carnes Sohshang and others. NPP East Khasi Hills Secretary Aibor Tynsong and others were also present at the meeting.
At this meeting, the SWA has released 11 applications to set up jobs in Meghalaya and the cost of setting up jobs in the state has reached T. crore rupees.
All three are from Mawnai Pyllun Village.
At present in Delhi, there is a lot of insult to other ethnic groups and this is against the Indian Penal Code. The police should enforce the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes Act. The killers were arrested, said Suhas Chakma, director of the Asian Center for Human Rights.
He said the KHADC should summon and ask for clarification from the people who sold the land, and if found guilty, they should be punished.
At this meeting, the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills District was directed to cooperate and support for the implementation of the medical school to be completed on time.
The training was attended by Bah J Lyngdoh, Head of IT in charge of CSCs in Meghalaya, Bah Kyrmen Uriah, President of MEMA and Chief Editor. Batesi TV and Peitngor, Bah AK Nongkynrih who is a lecturer at NEHU and others.
The union through the President of Shillong Circle and its members have lodged a complaint against this number and tracked down the truecaller from West, Uttar Pradesh and claiming to be in Mumbai. inside their office.
He said that Meghalaya will celebrate its 40th anniversary but without a proper and accurate boundary we should not accept the map of Meghalaya because many places have been destroyed. lost.
“It is gratifying that the Deputy Commissioner has approved that the implementation of Section 144 CrPC will apply only in polling stations and surrounding areas,” he said.
The Seng questions why NEIGRIHMS cannot conduct the job examination itself and has to give it to agencies like HLL and NORCET and through these we see that many people from other states get jobs. , perhaps it may also be that the authorities in charge of NEIGHRIMS want to admit people from their own states.
“Therefore, I urge him to clarify on this basis that he has spoken to include us all.
The KSU has decided to continue its struggle no matter what the path.
On the other hand, the General Manager, BSNL, Meghalaya, has expressed his concern over the negligence of the contractors of the National Highway (NHAI) who have slowly destroyed the road and their expensive cable signs in both the areas. Shillong-Guwahati and Shillong-Nongstoin roads.
Investigation revealed that the jail in Jowai was divided into three parts, the first and second parts were guarded by the police of the 6MLP battalion while the third gate was guarded by the staff of the 6MLP battalion. District Jail All these differences are located at the fourth gate.
The NDRF and the district authorities together with the police have done their utmost today to rescue the coal miners who were trapped inside the coal mine. pray for them.
Speaking on the salary and salary, Bah Lamare said that the salary of Adhoc teachers should be equal to the salary of Government school teachers. teachers of Deficit schools.
“Almost every time when robbers commit crimes in East Jaintia Hills by killing people, they break the bodies within the boundary of the village and this is unacceptable. “If such people are found, the Dorbar Shnong has decided to take strict action against them,” said Bah Satly Ryngkhlem, Waheh Shnong of the village. the village of Wapungskur.
Sultan Ahmad, DIG, SHQ BSF Jowai inaugurated the meeting and DS Rathore, Commandant of 30 Bn BSF Pyrdwah and Dwaki was also present.
JSU General Secretary Samla Emperor Bareh said in a statement.
Shillong, Lber 09: U Latiplang Kharkongor, Leader of the United Democratic Front (UDF) in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), on Tuesday said that the overcrowding on the roads will be accepted.
The Government of Meghalaya, according to the Act, has to seek permission from the landowners, the Dorbar Trai Ri and the District Council when acquiring land in tribal areas.
In a statement, the GNLA has accused the ASAK especially its leader Reding T Sangma.
“Ka seng expresses its deep sorrow over the insecurity of our youth, men and women in these days in Ri Khasi-Jaintia.
Doctors will listen to patients on the scheduled days from 9.00 am to 12.00 noon and 2.00 pm to 4.00 pm.
On this occasion, each child was given one tree to plant in their own areas and about 100 tyngrai were planted in the areas of these two schools.
On the other hand, the party is concerned about this natural disaster.
“The Minister urged the MENA countries to join the Global Biofuel Alliance in order to advance international cooperation for sustainable biofuels and also to achieve the goals of the Alliance.
to Crosspillar Marak, Sub-Divisional Agriculture Officer, Agriculture Department.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with party workers at the party office, he said that under the leadership of the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, not only does he love the region but he has also done For this reason, the allocation of funds for the North Eastern States has been increased.
Those who benefit from the Government schemes also had the opportunity to explain their experiences.
The KSU, after receiving information about the harassment of the Khasi by foreigners, left for Manipur and met with Biren Singh, Chief Minister of Manipur under the leadership of Donal V Thabah General Secretary. organization.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday announced that a person who tested positive for COVID-19 has been in contact with the public. Wahshnong and Nongshiliang villages fall under Mawkynrew Block.
He said that the cleanliness of the surroundings of the village is not only once a year but as the residents of the village we should take care every day by breaking the garbage such as nuit ki nier, jhur ki jhep, ki bitor pait and others should be placed in places where they should be broken but not on the streets or footpaths.
In connection with the incident, the Superintendent of Police, West Khasi Hills, Bikram Marak, together with the Crime Scene Unit from Shillong, accompanied by the Langpih Border Out Post, have been present since last night. in Mynniar, police conducted a thorough investigation at the scene of the body and found three nar rods used by the robbers to bomb and tied the two teachers.
Many travelers have been involved in this crime.
The registration of those who are eligible for the benefits will be done based on the experiences gained during this Yatra.
Sangma of Mukdangra and Conrad K Marak of Tura have registered a case against them and the investigation is ongoing.
They were arrested after an investigation by the Nongstoin Police Station and this led the police to find their hideout.
In addition to ongoing technical assistance, through the National Health Mission, the State Disaster Response Fund, the Emergency COVID Response Packages, and the Prime Minister's Ayushman Bharat Health Infrastructure Mission, financial assistance has also been provided to the states. prevention of Covid-1
At this meeting, the Union Home Minister was informed that the proclamation of the President of India under paragraph 12A (b) of the 6th Schedule of the Constitution of the Republic of India has been issued. is within the provisions of the Mines and Minerals (Development & Regulation) Act
To Ravi Goel, Sr.
This problem cannot be solved by the use of weapons.
The JAC Wapung C&RD Block will not stand idly by but will continue to monitor until the matter is resolved and to restore the temporary office of the Wapung C&RD Block at Wapungskur. The full office of the block shall be located as notified by the Government.
Shillong, Nailur 8: To promote peace and love among people which is the teachings of Mother Teresa, the International Film Festival will be held in Shillong from 6th to 9th of this month. Nailar at the Soso Tham Auditorium.
Superintendent of Police, Sylvester Nongtnger, who inspected the fire at Laitumkhrah Police Station, said that the clash between the two parties started on the road on the night of The incident continued even after the two men had lodged a complaint at the Police Station.
Bah Pyniaid said that as leaders from the rural areas, they understand this problem because many of the rural areas have only LP and UP schools and those who do not study higher education can get away with the shortage of education. get the court.
Nengkhra CP 3.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government has already considered the new salary of government employees. should get their rights.
The MLFOA will work together with the Ri Khasi Jaintia Farm Group and other groups who are facing difficulties due to these various laws, as well as the need for wood even the C&RD department of the government through MGNREGA demands. The government needs thousands of tonnes of stone to complete the construction of the PWD road. To urge the KHADC authorities to clarify the parmaw forms in their respective areas. There are words “lease” which means lease, should the KHADC authorities warn the people and the rulers to stop issuing NOCs in such a way? MLFOA across Khasi and Jaintia Hills to be ready to hold an emergency meeting in these days to uphold the right of land ownership.
Addressing the conference, Sonowal said, “Today, I feel privileged to join all the students of this great institution.
The purpose of the PMKVY is to train people how to work in factories in the country and also to go to other parts of the world. for those who go on to be trained for higher positions.
Shillong, Nailar 27: The SBI Bank today handed over certificates to the employees of SBI Bank and ATMs at 3Mile, Upper Shillong in the presence of Mr. AP Sooting, Branch Manager and staff.
Even among the state governments in this region have tried their best to help, it was only in 2017 that 24 students passed from this region which is the highest number of IAS students. and IPS.After that year, the pass rate of people from the North East of India has decreased, in 2019 only 13 students passed, in 2019 only 11 students passed. and in 2020 there were only nine.
“In fact, the union has urged the village authorities or district authorities to look into the current situation in Shillong regarding the construction of houses and to conduct an inspection. details on the construction of houses and street shops.
Jowai, July 18: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle led by its Vice President Samla Phanuel Tongper on Tuesday inspected the NH-44 road.
In addition, District, Block, Circle and Unit Leaders, for special recognition or awards, can call 8837287374 or 9366601874 which belongs to the President and General Secretary of the Central Body.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The Meghalaya government has announced that all schools and government offices, as well as KHADC offices in the 26-Langrin MDC constituency will be closed on polling day. on the 28th of this month.
Preparations to host the G-20 Summit in Shillong are underway at the State Convention Center Shillong. The Summit will be held at the State Convention Center Shillong. In India.
It is said that this year's celebration is auspicious and that there will be peace and harmony in the kingdom.
The program was conducted across India.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: There are 71 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 66 cases in West Khasi Hills, 2 cases in West Garo Hills and 2 cases in West Garo Hills. There were 356 cases.
Answering a supplementary question regarding the social agreement between the board and the residents, the Minister said that there are 83 households in Block-5 and those who have received electricity poles are 25 houses.
The national COVID vaccination program includes recommendations from leading experts in the fields of vaccination, public health, infection control and IT.On assurances based on scientific knowledge and epidemiology, the program focuses specifically on strengthening the healthcare system in the country by protecting healthcare providers and people working in COVID response activities as well as protecting people who are more in risk of infection.
“As the Police have done what is necessary according to the law regarding the smuggling of petrol, it was also discussed that there should be no punishment for those who fulfill their duty to deliver petrol to “The Police Department through the Crime Branch will do whatever is necessary to conduct an investigation,” said Pravin Bakshi.
In the under-17 women's category, Mookyndur Secondary School won by 1 to 0. In the women's final, Mookyndur Secondary School beat Police Public School Jowai by 10 goals. Heisami shooting.
The Administrative and Police Station will be built along with sports grounds and other facilities at a cost of T.1,200 crore,” he said.
According to the current estimates, 76% of these confirmed cases are male and 24% are female.
The Chief Minister said that this road is very important to reduce the traffic jam in Shillong. On the other hand, the Chief Minister said that this is not enough and there is still much to be done. other other de.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District has informed the public that the District Administration has set up buses to transport the people to Madan Polo for the celebration of the Independence Day of India.
Shillong, July 03: Mrinal Kanti Modok has been allegedly abducted on 26th June from Chipit village in East Garo Hills.
The circle has decided to hold a 2 Mawlai Interschool Knockout Tournament as part of the celebration of the 25th Anniversary of the Seng Kmie. Hynniewtrep and the nation as a whole.
We strongly condemn such bloody acts in Manipur,” said the petition.
Efforts are underway to increase this to 450 MMT by
Mizoram's revenue from T.25 crore in 2020 to T.20 crore in 2021 decreased by -23%, Nagaland's revenue from T.38 crore in 2020 to T.34 crore in -12%, while Tripura's revenue in 2020 was Rs 74 crore and Rs 68 crore in
Mishra has lodged a complaint with the Assam Petroleum Mazdoor Union (APMU) and the union has not allowed him to transport petrol to these four petrol pumps. Mylliem-HPCL, M/s Nongstoin Highway Service Station, Nongspung-OCL, Ri-Lyngngam Service Station, Riangado-OCL and Power Point Service Station Khliehrijat-HPCL. He said that he had met with the Director of Food and Civil Supplies, the DC of East Khasi Hills but they failed. They went to the Guwahati High Court and said: also got an instruction on their side but it would not work.
Latest reports from the Congress party said that the removal of these two ministers from the cabinet is because the party has understood that these two MLAs of the party will no longer contest the election. MLA election in 2018 from the Congress.
It is suspected that the suspects demanded money from the driver of the vehicle up to 10 lakh tyngka.
Jirang MLA Sosthenes Sohtun in the presence of Additional Director General of Police H Nongpluh and Deputy Inspector General of Police O Pasi.
“This is a seven-year high school that’s built from experiences.
The Chief Minister was accompanied by Joint Secretary to the Chief Minister Arun Kumar Khembhavi, CVD Diengdoh and Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills Ram. Lion.
Shillong, March 14: Police have arrested RBYF Kyrdemkulai Branch President Borningstar Nongbsap on charges of inciting the people and charged him under the Meghalaya Maintenance Act. of Public Order Act.
