There are 34,335 students in Class-XII who have sat for the Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate (HSSLC) examination including Regular, Private-1 and Private-2, Non -Regular, Improvement bad Compartmental.
Shillong, Nov 05: Meghalaya Police Chief Peter James Pyngrope Hanaman and Assam Police Chief Jayanto N. Choudhury will meet tomorrow morning in Guwahati to discuss the bloodshed on the Meghalaya border. Assam.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: KSU Mawshynrut Circle under the leadership of Samla Korbar Marthong and members of the KSU Mawshynrut Circle on Tuesday seized a pickup truck (As 18 AC 6193). dap smam and that bar state.
Our Constitution is not only a creed but a document with a life of its own.
I would like to point out that this is only a draft and not the final NRC.
Replying to the discussions of the Members of Parliament on this issue, Bah Teinwell said, “I don't think any government can abolish the powers of the District Council”.
Shillong, March 10: The Chief Minister today said that the government has received two plots of land in New Shillong, 50 acres for the construction of the stadium for the National Games 2022 and 71 acres for the construction of the stadium. Games Village in the same area.
During the meeting, the Minister, who is also the MLA of East Jaintia Hills District, promised to follow up on the request of the people to have a DFO office in East Jaintia Hills District. for the convenience of the people of the District.
The CLP leader named some of the developments that the Congress government has brought, such as the North Eastern Hill University, the North Eastern Council, the North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health and Medical Sciences Shillong and others.
The suspects who abducted these people took them to the nearby forests. Police of South Garo Hills on receiving this information rushed to the scene to search for them. these kidnappers and to fight for the release of these merchants.
Care (including maternity, neo-natal and infant care), legal advice and support and insurance for children and infants in one place to enable access to justice and the revival of the lives of these children.
Regarding Madonbai Rymbai, although he won the MDC election this time, the Congress party does not want him to be in the Executive Committee because of the allegations against him during the election. u to CEM.(SP News).
The meeting was attended by NPP President Dr WR Kharlukhi, Minister of Industries Sniangbhalang Dhar, Williamnagar MLA Marcuise N. Marak, Mawshynrut MLA Gigur Myrthong and Sohryngkham MDC. Led by S.King.
The nearest ATMs in Umsning include the ATMs in Nongpoh and Umiam which are 30 KM and 22 KM away respectively. This affects the people who come from far away who have to spend the fare but find the ATMs are not working.
He urged the state government to use the funds allocated by the central government for the development of the state.
The villagers have been searching for a way to get this footpath for a long time because many of the villagers have been injured in road accidents because there is no footpath and when the Block The village has been given the NERGS scheme and the PWD has also given permission to build this footpath on the land of the PWD. The PWD is not responsible for anything, said Bah A War.
Jowai, Jymmang 04: The 7th A Side Open to All Football Tournament of the Dorbar Dong Tympang has been held through the Sports & Youth Affairs Committee of Jowai. A Side Football Tournament This tournament is held every year. This is a nine-a-side football tournament. This tournament to other villages in the state is also a golden opportunity for the football fans and also for the football players of the state.
India is a democracy where all the people have the right to express their views and India has experienced this.
The President of the Petroleum Dealers Association of Meghalaya (PDAM) on Friday said that the Association will work hard to curb the theft of petrol from petrol vehicles on the National Highway and He also strongly criticized that this is no longer a small theft and a theft worth tens of crores of rupees per annum.
Other speakers at the meeting were Dr Eureka Lyngdoh Mawlong, Dy Chairman, MSPB and officers of both Mawthadraishan C&RD Block and Mairang C&RD Block.
The Minister took note of this and asked the KSU leaders to go and arrange with them and the Rangbah Shnongs so that this work can go smoothly.
The program was attended by the SSSM Office bearers and students of Presbyterian Secondary School, Mawlangwir. place.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah AL Hek said that Meghalaya and the country as a whole have celebrated the National Milk Day to commemorate the birth anniversary of Dr. Verghese Kurien, the father of the White Revolution. , who has worked tirelessly to develop and transform the Dairy Sector and through his hard work and contribution, dairy farming has become one of the most beneficial sources of income for the farmers. farmer.
Speaking to reporters at the BJP office, Hek congratulated the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi for his leadership of the NDA government. It is now 10 years old in Delhi for the second time.
This shortage of electricity has angered the residents of the area until some of the residents have not been able to refuse to pay their electricity bills.
In another incident, BSF troops have seized sarees worth T.20 lakh from the border with Bangladesh in East Khasi Hills and East Jaintia Hills District. They were arrested and sent to Bangladesh.
The announcement will be signed by the Chief Secretary, RV Suchiang. The announcement will be signed by the Chief Secretary, RV Suchiang.
Police have taken action to investigate the matter as the vehicle caught fire and was damaged while it was parked at the scene and it is understood that the vehicle belongs to PWD Shillong. , Jymmang 13: Members of the Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations of West Khasi Hills District today carried placards in front of the Union Minister of State for Child Development to demand the implementation of the Inner Line Permit. in the state of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Nailur 07: The United Democratic Party (UDP) General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh on Tuesday said that the party is against the passenger railway to enter the state, but they will accept the goods railway. in Benihath.
Head Office and also had a meeting with him on the issue of not to suspend Bah P.Rani, Accountant of MCAB Ltd.
Shillong, July 06: The State Government in its Cabinet meeting today has decided to appoint a Search Committee to search for experts to become members of the Expert Committee. Review the Reservation Policy of the State.
He said that if the Chief Minister of West Bengal can help to recover the money of the people, how can the Assam government not do so?
At this meeting, MEPA submitted a petition to the Prime Minister containing 10 issues for the benefit of newspaper owners and for the welfare of journalists and those who who are involved in this newspaper business.
“We are ready to submit a request to the High Court to help fight against the problems of the youth if MeECL cannot do anything on their demands,” said Bah Thomas President of KHNAM. Shillong Youth Wing.
Other issues brought before the CEM were the demarcation of the boundaries of all the Elaka in Jaintia Hills, and also the enactment of laws to protect and preserve the rivers. such as the Myntdu River, the Lukha River and others.
The reason for taking this strong decision is after they have found foreign smuggling of contractors and coal miners without counting the lives and livelihoods of the people especially in the border areas with Bangladesh. .
Four of the Khasi youths who were bombed and tied are undergoing treatment at the Civil Hospital Shillong.
He hopes that these devices can help reduce pollution of water bodies and the environment.
If you want to investigate the children, give them a letter, call them to the police station and I will come quickly,” said Ribok.
The total number of cases in the state is 1196. The number of cases by district is 854, West Khasi Hills 45, Ri Bhoi 55, East Jaintia Hills 18, West Jaintia Hills 2, West Garo Hills South West Garo Hills 3, South garo Hills 14, East Garo Hills 80, North Garo Hills 9.
Shillong, Iaiong 10: Since the launch of the Rozgar Mela inaugurated by the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi in April 2022 with the aim of providing 10 lakh jobs in various jobs .
The Seng Khasi Kmie has decided to hold a thanksgiving ceremony at Lum Shyllong after seeking permission from Pa'iem Ainam Syiem. on the 24th of October, 10 days after the Seng had completed its thanksgiving ceremony at the Khasi Seng Hall, which was held yesterday.
He said the National Games-2022 will be held in Meghalaya, which will also coincide with the 75th Independence Day of India.
Police are still searching for the suspect.
However, the amendment clearly states that a Khasi woman who marries a non-Khasi will no longer be a Khasi. pass to the courthouse.
Nongstoin, Iaiong 12: The Meghalaya Government has allocated T.25 lakh to the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills for the distribution of relief to the families of the victims of the tragic incident. struck by Mariang.
He said that the party is not against the relocation of the Petrol Pump to another location but the party will oppose to allocate land in Upper Shillong as the party feels that it still needs the Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department to build them. office for the development of agriculture and not for the benefit of the Petrol Pump.
The juice is manufactured in Bengaluru and the packaging process is done in seven stages to preserve the juice without any additives to preserve the juice.
The 36 teachers from across the state who received the District Award are Dr. Careen EG Marbaniang, Assistant Teacher of Mawkhar Christian Higher Secondary School, Shillong for Secondary Section; Wallamkupar Lynrah, Assistant Teacher of Mawsiatkhnam Prebyterian School (SSA) for the Upper Primary Section and Kong Dafrit Nongkynrih, Assistant Teacher of Tynring Govt.
Shillong, Naitung 15: There are 33 new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 16 cases in Ri Bhoi, 1 case in South West Garo Hills and 1 case in West Garo Hills. 10, West Jaintia Hills 1, West Khasi Hills 1, the number of cases has risen to
Nisanshwa Lyngdoh won the Runnong medal in the K1-48 kilo category, Bantei Sungoh in the Low Kick – 60 kilo category, u Arthur Cornelli NK won the 75 kg category and Pynnehbor Mylliemngap won the Hard Style category.
The letter was hidden inside the shyiap and besides hiding the equipment of the NBCC. After stopping the vehicle, the BSF troops who searched the vehicle found that the sugar was hidden inside the vehicle.
He said that the government has received many complaints that there are many villages which have quarantined those people who have traveled from one district to another and even those who have come to Shillong. They should not do this anymore because the people who walk around are only the people of the state who come and go.
They are very grateful to USHA International for their support in conducting these successful training programmes.
The DTO office should remove the owners of vehicles and foreign drivers who commit illegal acts,” said Bah Chyne.
All 11 districts of the state will benefit from this.
Hundreds of young men and women participated in this rally and called for the need for health in our lives.
Although the elections to the Khasi and Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will be held on the date of the election, the supporters of the HSPDP Nongstoin Unit have demanded that the party's top leaders will elect the candidates. party office bearers in Nongstoin Constituency.
Hon’ble Governor of Meghalaya, Shri.Phagu Chauhan graced the occasion as the Chief Guest while Meghalaya Chief Secretary, Shri.D P Wahlangwas the Guest of Honour.
On the other hand, the union has strongly warned the Longkmie Gas Agency not to reduce the number of gas tanks in the delivery to the households of the residents of Laban.
Some of the patterns of violation of the MCC observed in the last elections are as followsUse of inappropriate language against spokespersons of other political partiesFalse, unclear allegations , unconfirmed, false,Sweeping statements that there will be punishment from God / self-righteousness,Use of social media posts that insult othersShow social media posts in an inappropriate manner and truth by intentionally spreading misleading or providing false information.
He said that in the past five years, nine social agreements related to peace and border have been signed with various states of the North East, which have brought peace in many areas. The Union Defense Minister today said that more than 9,000 members have surrendered and the Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA) has been repealed from 85 percent of the land in Assam.
During the investigation, they revealed that they had robbed a mobile phone from one person and threatened to kill and robbed the money from another person. A complaint has been registered at Ampati Police Station.
He said the government has set a specific target to build roads by focusing more on roads to the villages and the government has also spent a lot of money on roads.
If Manipur cannot be granted peacefully, why is it difficult to grant ILP to Meghalaya,” said the Seng.
Amedius Therlang Marbaniang won one silver medal in the cycling category while Nicholas Syrti won the Rynong medal.
Rotary Club Shillong Heritage President Vishal Amarnani and General Secretary Jasbir Singh welcomed the guests. Secretary Bah Vivan Kharkongngor.
Speaking to reporters at the NPP office, Dr WR Kharlukhi said that the comments on the youtube channel show that as an MP he was involved in corruption. .
The Chief Minister said he had discussed with the ministers in the government during his meeting with the Chief Minister of Assam Himanta Biswa Sharma that the government would take the voice of the people in this demarcation.
The broadcast on cable TV regarding the session will be broadcast on all days of the session until the end of the session except Saturday and Sunday.
Guwahati, March 14: The North East Students Organization (NESO) has decided to hold a protest in all the states of the North East. On the 25th of this month, we went to sit in front of the Raj Bhavan.
The BSF has handed over to the state police to take action according to the law.
Police have conducted raids in the area day and night in Garonadha and Rangsakona areas of South West Garo Hills and West Garo Hills.
Shillong, July 01: Tens of thousands liters of liquor have been seized by the Shillong Police on New Year's Eve.
The Union of Village Authorities of Par Umkhen, which falls under three districts, East Khasi Hills, Ri-bhoi and West Jaintia Hills, has expressed its strong opposition to the proposal of the Urban Development Department of the Government. State to relocate the Marten from Mawiong to Lumsohlait in Nonghali.
The Adviser of the Youth Congress from Syngku and his team have left the Congress party and supported Bah James. you're at the party.
So far, Nikshay Mitra has supported 82 needy people by providing food items. Others who came forward to provide food items are Abraham T. Sangma, Superintendent of Police, BK Marak, Housing Officer, Hasmuddin Ahmed, Doctors Association and Nurses Association of Civil Hospital, Williamnagar, staff of TB Hospital.
The disposal of these plastics affects the environment and human health.
When they cleaned him, he was lying on the ground and when they stopped, he stood up and shouted, “I am the branch manager.” After the police released him, the shooting continued. and it lasted about 15 minutes.
When asked whether the Working President Bindo Mathew Lanong accepts his joining the party, Antonio War said that his relationship with Bindo M Lanong has been a friendship since ancient times. “I am happy that he has accepted me into the party,” said Bah Antonio.
And that level of cleanliness must be the same among all people in society, and also change must come from within.
Prof Badaplin urged the KSU leaders to support her and the Khasi Author Society to achieve the aspirations of the people which we have longed for.
The most important thing is to urgently repair the Dispensary at Umlaper, it is true that it is run by one organization, but the government building, in this dispensary needs to be repaired. delivery room because this is also necessary.
The BJP has won the most MPs in the 15th Lok Sabha as of 10.28 pm on the website of the Election Commission of India. The BJP alone will win 240 MPs. The Indian National Congress (INC) will win 99 seats, the Samajwadi Party 37 seats, the All India Trinamool Congress 29 seats and Dravida Munnetra. Kazhagan won 22 seats, Janata Dal (United) 12 seats and Telugu Desam 16 seats.
Shillong, March 06: The contract teachers who have been dismissed by the MDA government after a month-long protest in front of the statue of Kiang Nangbah today turned to the secretariat to inform the government. their request for reinstatement.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: The Deputy Commissioner of Supply, East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, today informed the public that the ration rice and AAY rice have been released to the people of East Khasi Hills District. you are in November.
“Today I have inspected the implementation of schemes of all Government departments and district authorities,” he said.
The party has announced through newspapers that it will contest the upcoming elections to the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly in 2018 which is only one year away.
He said that this decision was taken at a meeting held on 28th June 2024. The meeting was held to discuss the preparation of the Office Memorandum issued by On 13th November 2014, the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has decided to issue a certificate to the Tribes.
The meeting will be held with the MLAs, MDCs and Dorbar Shnongs of Shillong on Thursday at the State Convention Center Shillong at 2.00 pm to discuss how to fight against the the spread of drugs.
The Government, through the National Food Security Act, recognizes the right to safe food for all the people of the country.
The NPP has also taken a step to resolve the border between the two states and regarding the issue of relocating the Motor Areas, the party has made a decision,” he said. Samlin at a public meeting held at Weilyngkut, Sohiong.
New Delhi, Naiwieng 10: The Ministry of Information and Broadcasting has approved the Digital Advertising Policy, 2023 to empower the Central Bureau of Communications, the advertising agency of the Government of India, to launch campaigns. in Digital Media.
The Balat road from Mawpen road to the east has been constructed in the last 2 and 3 years by the PWD Road department, but the road inside our village, no one looks, no one sees.
In the meeting with the farmers, the Union Minister encouraged them to increase the number of fish species produced in the state. On the same day, he also released fish seeds into the pond.
Shillong, July 10: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek today said that 43 people who have been in close contact with a man from Ri Bhoi District have been tested positive for COVID-1 the results obtained are negative.
In the complaint, TUR said that the CAA 2019 is against the fundamental rights of the tribals including those living in Bangladesh, such as Khasi-Jaintia, Garo and many others. who live and reside in Bangladesh.
Hundreds of Rangbah Shnongs and Secretary Shnongs attended the meeting and received a detailed explanation from all the officers within the Block through the departments. different.
The Sports Cell of the KSU strongly condemns this insult and disregard of the Meghalaya government to the Khasi children who have the talent to play basketball.
The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, said that 16 cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Nongrim Hills, Laitumkhrah, Mawlai Kynton, Massar and Malki. they are from out of state.
According to the order, the Commissioner of Food Safety said that information has reached the Office of the Commissioner of Food Safety that out of 40 fish tested, up to 30 fish have tested positive. injection of formalin solution.
The group led by Momin, which the GNLA has named Command Jackfruit Momin, has been attacking the police.
According to the IATA Traffic Study, our country, which is currently ranked 7th, will rise to 3rd position in 2023-24, overtaking the UK, Japan, Spain and Germany.
So far, more than 23,83,473 cards have been distributed to the beneficiaries.
On the other hand, the CEM said that the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima has sent a letter to express his dissatisfaction with the decision of the government. The KHADC will invite the Chief Executive Members to meet again on this issue.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: Meghalaya Police today after receiving a tip that there is a camp of a gang at Ambare Chiring in North Garo Hills. This is the hideout of the United Achik Liberation Army (UALA).
The meeting was part of the celebration of the golden jubilee of the North Eastern Council, which was established in
Shillong, Nailur 02: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 211 people have tested positive for COVID-1 The total number of cases is
Shillong, Jymmang 08: U Ankit Kumar Singh, SDO Civil of Sohra Sub Division today handed over the ST Certificate to the first applicant through e-Services who applied through the internet.
In this, let us recommit ourselves to ensuring the realization of the ideals of those who fought for our freedom, the beliefs and aspirations of our ancestors.
The union also visited the PWD road from Umraleng Ujakrem to inspect the deterioration of the PWD road in the presence of the elders of the village.
Together with other Army Chiefs in Shillong to pay tribute to this Chief of Army Staff who will retire after sacrificing his life for the sake of the country.
“What is more surprising, when I received the letter of appointment as Adviser, Bah Hek telephoned me to send me to his room and when I went to the room he greeted me and asked how do you get the appointment letter, who will approve you, I said I got it from the Prime Minister," he said.
“We have also told the DC and DTO of EJHD that we as four organizations are ready to assist their office at any time they need our members for “Implement our demand,” said Bah S Ryngkhlem.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Vicky V Kharkongor General Secretary of the party said that the race will start on the 14th and end on the 16th of this month.
He said that in meetings with government officials, they have asked whether the health department has jobs or not, the answer is that there are jobs but why do they leave? those who are already there, why don't they reinstate those who are in this field.
Shillong, Nailur 10: Unidentified persons have thrown a mobile phone into the water tank supplying water to Nongkseh village today.
“The announcement to implement this project was made within the Presbyterian Church and not within the Dorbar Shnong which is the village governance system.
As one of the leaders of the Seng Khasi, Mawngap, Bah Kerios Wahlang has made many contributions to the society.
Bah Kharbuli said that the tournament was also opened to men and women with disabilities.
In a letter, Dr Mukul said he would like to inform him as the Chief Minister that in the past few months there has been a widespread transfer of police chiefs in the state and this has affected the the work of the police in many ways.
“There are some Adhoc schools which have not been able to appoint new teachers for more than 10 years in the vacant posts just because those who have passed the MTET have not applied for the job.
This includes T.6400 crore for the Prime Minister's Jan Arogya Yojana (PMJAY).
Furthermore, 55 persons will receive Home Guard & Civil Defense Medals on Republic Day,
Regarding the discussion by the Members of the KHADC, the Chairman of the KHADC, Bah LG Nongsiej, has put forward the proposal to the House whether to accept or not. Shillong, Lber 26: The Special Session of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will be held tomorrow morning. They will discuss only one issue and that is the allegation that T.1.52 crore of KHADC money has been withdrawn from the professional tax and deposited into the accounts of private individuals.
Of course, the Seng does not want to interfere but it should be clear about all these issues so that if the Seng receives any complaints or information about the incidents later especially in these areas, The Seng will inform the public that if there are such cases, they should go directly to the relevant authorities so that they will not cause any problems to the public.
He said that this discrimination is not only against those who have the disease but also against those who talk about it. From 1981 to 2007, 25.5 million people died from the disease worldwide.
In your hard work for more than fifty years, you have produced many songs on nature, youth, humanity, patriotism, religious songs and human life in society.
This will run from 1st June to 30th July.
If you haven’t stopped moving, success also chases you.
U Bah Kerios Wahalng was a football player in his childhood and youth, but he did not forget to sing and compose lyrics in all the colors of the rain in his village in Sohra, especially during the Ram Krishna Mission School.
On the same day, the Mawkynrew Cup Committee (MCC) has honored Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh (Bah Pai) Advisor of the MCC who is the MDC of Mawkynrew Constituency but who is now an MLA and He is also the Minister of State for Sports and Youth Affairs in the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance Government.
In this decision, it was clear that the letter written by the Secretariat of the Governor of the State did not contain any error and the Court will not challenge it.
The Principal of Khadsawphra College, Bah Boldness L Nongum, said that the college authorities have been looking for ways and means to train the students not only in education but also in sports.
City Gas Distribution (CGD) networks are recognized as 'Public utilities' under the Industrial Dispute Act (IDA)
The total allocation for this year has reached Rs 15,21,72,500 crore.
to fight against Corona virus.
He also encouraged them to ensure their future and for sustainable success in this industry, which will benefit the farmers and the income of the state.
Police have completed the investigation into the incident.
On this basis, the MDP leaders from the constituency and its supporters have decided to give their support to the Congress party by joining the party and strengthening the party. I don't want to win this MDC election.
The Khelo India University Games 2023 Ashtalakshmika kicked off on Saturday at the Sarusajai Stadium.
The Minister urged the officers to work hard and better to improve for them so that they can escape from being trapped in poverty, said the Minister, Marak.
He said that don't wait for the laws and regulations of the Shnong or the Police and Government authorities to be set.
Bah P Majaw president of JYF, said that since they met with government officials on this issue for more than two years, the people are in darkness, as JSU and JYF request The Governor of the State should take action on this issue and not to delay this report.
The party expresses its gratitude to the family of Bah Cheris who have requested the residents to wait for the report of the Judicial Inquiry.
The government is ready to assist the people affected by this natural disaster.
MD Syiem, also known as Bah Deng Syiem, is a resident of Umroi, Jaiaw Central and holds the post of General Secretary of the Umroi Pyllun Dorbar.
In this shooting, the residents also became angry and set fire to the water tanker in front of the Raj Bhavan and unidentified persons also set fire to another vehicle.
On this occasion, let us convey our gratitude to the teachers who have contributed immensely towards the causes related to bringing about a strong and prosperous India".
On this occasion, the letters of appointment were handed over to the new group, including Darihun Marbaniang, Moromi Marak, Vice President, Dakaniwan Shullai as State Women General Secretary and Matilda Kharbuki as State Women General Secretary.
Kumar Mangalam Birla, Chairman, Aditya Birla Group said the advent of 5G will bring about changes that will showcase India's strength and also spoke on the role of telecom technology as the foundation of India's economy. you are growing up in India.
He said the peace talks between the ANVC and the government have the hope of bringing peace in the state.
There is still a lot of volatility in terms of start-ups in the country.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the CEM, Bah Hamar Lyngkhoi, General Secretary of the party in charge of West Khasi Hills, said that the party demands that the construction of this road should start. for the benefit of the people, but it should not enter Mawthabah.
“I am surprised and ask a question because I have walked and been advised of the foundation of KHNAM which has stood firm and has never backed down, especially with issues that affect life and death.
This group has spent all the expenses to build the footpath with siej in the middle of the night.
It is difficult to travel on such a road and it is impossible to imagine the suffering of the passengers especially the farmers, school children and those who are in need of health.
The Minister said that “this matter needs to be known exactly because it poses a threat and the relevant department will not allow anyone to do as alleged”.
Bah Thangkheiw was one of the founders of the HALC in 1987 and in 1997 it was converted to the HNLC. to the rank of General Secretary.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 125 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in all districts of the state. East Khasi Hills 56, West Garo Hills 16, Ri Bhoi 13, West Jaintia Hills 11 cases.
All this has come to a standstill because Parliament needs to amend the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act 1957 in order to amend it.
Chairman of the committee IG BSF Anil Kumar distributed the prizes to the participants.
The Government will now talk to the Central Government to maintain the education system as it is now.
Bah Kybdait was the oldest MDC in the KHADC. In all these years he was also the CEM of JHADC, who held many positions in the District Council. He has been elected as the Chairman of JHADC, but does not want to have any differences within the Congress party. He has left the Congress party and will now contest as an independent candidate in this election. MLA election is coming.
The Cabinet has decided to sign a new lease with Maxim Infrastructure Private Limited, Guwahati Shillong to operate the Marriott Hotel Shillong for a period of 30 years.
To avoid the Kali fever, we the people need to take a strong medicine to avoid the Kali fever.
The Constituent Assembly has spent three years in deliberations on all aspects of governance and has produced the greatest document of our country, the Constitution of India.
The first relates to the design of research and treatment facilities.
The Hima Mylliem charges T.250 tyngka per cow, the increase in the price of cows is due to the fact that many buyers are not sellers of cows. Shillong, Iaiong 03: The government has demanded that the government should set a kilo price for cows and register the farmers to prevent buyers from smuggling cows to Bangladesh. The Shillong Cricket Association (KCCA) has won the U-14 Inter District Tournament 2021 by beating 60 runs against the North Garo Hills District Cricket Association (PLA) today.
Shillong, March 31: The KSU Tyrsad Students' Union (KSU) today submitted a petition to the Chief Engineer of MeECL Distribution. u Bah KN War on the tragic incident in Nongthymmai-Neng Lyngiong village in which many people have lost their lives.
At the same time, he said that many of the people in India do not know how to use these documents according to the present era and even the banks are not available everywhere. This is also a problem for the people in the villages where to put their money and what is even more difficult for the Income Tax Department what will it do after the end of this period.
The performances were attended by representatives from various branches of APSTA from the state.
At this meeting, it was decided to write to the State Government, the Deputy Commissioners of both the States and the District Councils to show that the Raid Labang Nongphylut is part of the Raid Labang Nongphylut. state of Meghalaya.
The Sports Authority of India (SAI) Training Centre, Shillong on Tuesday held a talent identification program under the Khelo India Rising Talent Hunt (KIRTI-MyBharat). Public School.
The Seng has nothing to criticize Bah Che who has recently retired from the leadership of the Seng.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Shrenly Khriam, Amanda Pakyntein, Cahirperson MCC who is also the wife of Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh (Bah Pai). Shillong, Lber 11: Chief Coordinator MCC, Babu Daniel who offered a special prayer and also Mem Sumarlin Wankhar, Head Management of MCC. The election for the Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly will be held tomorrow morning at the Legislative Assembly in Rilbong.
Shillong, Naitung 30: Two MDCs of the HSPDP, Bah Pyniaidsing Syiem and Telenia Thangkhiew, will attend the meeting convened by the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem on Tuesday. together with the church.
The office blockade called by the NGOs today went smoothly without any disruption to the government employees.
“Dr.C.Daniala, Medical Superintendent, delved into the complexities of advanced surgical techniques.
The meeting was attended by the leaders of the JAC, KSU, JSU, FKJGP, HNYF, TUR and the Meghalaya Rural Tourism Forum.
On the other hand, he urged them to be strong in mind to avoid any misguidance which once misled can become a lifelong misfortune.
The HNYM has announced that it will raise the flag on the occasion of the 50th Anniversary of Meghalaya. This was announced by the President of the HNYM, Bah Louis Dohtdong. The flag will be raised at the venue where the government will celebrate the 50th Anniversary of the State.
During the meeting with the Union Minister in Delhi, Conrad discussed many of the schemes that the state government has sent to the department for the construction of sports grounds, stadiums. studied in different parts of the state.
We have issues that affect the country, so we don't have to go to the people to remind them of what has happened in the past three years.
On the other hand, the Vice President of the union, Bah Rangdajied Donsiew, thanked the village council for allowing the union to use the hall of the school.
The Police Department has not taken any action to search or investigate those people who shot the Khasi youth.
The union urges the law enforcement authorities to arrest and punish immediately this person involved in such crimes so that such incidents will not happen again in the future. Khliehriat Police Station has registered a case against Loukas Rymbai but no arrest has been made yet.
Referring to coal, he said that there is no longer a ban on coal mining in the state, but those who want to work have to apply for a mining lease and so far there are 20 applications for coal mining. and the power is delegated to the state government.
Shillong, Lber 15: The Military Hospital Shillong has inaugurated a two day workshop at the Military Hospital Shillong by Major General SK Dutta. meeting.
Tura, July 23: Civil society organizations in Garo Hills will hold a public meeting in Tura on Saturday to call on the civil society organizations to come to the peace talks with the government and to stop forsake their works of righteousness.
The Dorbar was conducted by Paiem Freeman Syiem, Syiem of Sohra Hima, in the presence of Ministers, Lyngdohs, Sirdars, Secy Hima, Rangbah Shnongs, Sordars and Elders of the area. Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MIDC, and Paiem Nangtei Syiemiong, Syiem of Langrin Hima, after receiving the explanations of the Dorbar at Sohra, Welcome to take action to prepare to invite the Kur Dorbars, Shnong Dorbars, Hima Dorbars and Seng Bhalangs and the people, elders, women, youth, women and men to this Special Dorbar Ri on 13 February , which was called under the Hima Nongkhlaw to be the source of honor and reputation for the whole nation.
The Minister in charge of Education said that the government has sent teachers to teach temporarily while there are no teachers. everything.
I pray to God the Creator that through this Behdeiñkhlam he will bless all the children of Ri Jaintia to have a healthy body, peace and prosperity in all aspects. income, education and in all their activities and also to bring about unity among the Jaitbynriew so that the country and the Jaidbynriew will grow equally in the days to come. come.
Shillong, Lber 30: The residents of Nongpoh to Umden area have expressed their difficulties in traveling due to the bad condition of the road from Nongpoh Market to Umden. .
On the other hand, Bah Roykupar Rsawai, one of the leaders of the EMRI staff, said that the meeting today was due to the delay of the flight from Delhi. He sent a message to meet tomorrow at 10.00 pm.
The first office bearers of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar, Wapung Circle.
The program was also broadcast on Doordarshani in a special manner for those with hearing impairments.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Myrthong stressed on one issue and that is that there is a need to develop this area as it is still lagging behind compared to other parts of the state. .
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the Chief Minister, Bah Sohtun MLA, he said that during the meeting, the Chief Minister promised to look carefully at this question.
In his speech, the Governor touched upon all the government departments besides those mentioned above. In this speech, the Governor mentioned many of the works that the government has done and those that are not yet done. in the fiscal year 2022-2
A poster drawing competition was also held on the theme, “Proud of your mouth”.
In a statement sent today, Bah Aristotle C Rymbai President of MSSASA said that as teachers we should understand that not all problems can be solved by strike, but the actions can be resolved. discussing how to solve the problems because there is a state and a federal government.
On this occasion, the House released the budget of the KHADC without any discussion.
Agnes Kharshiing sustained serious injuries to her body and was taken to the hospital in the absence of anyone. but of my whole body.
Shillong, November 06: Kiren Rijiju, Minister of State for Youth Affairs and Sports and Minister of State for Minority Affairs and Rameswar Teli, Minister of State for Minority Affairs, The Chief Ministers' Conclave of the North East Food Show 2019 as special guests, today at Polo Ground, Shillong.
Speaking to reporters on Friday, Meiieid Kmoiñ Wahlang congratulated Bah Binning Lyngkhoi who is the pioneer in the marathon and also other elders who have been with her until these days. .
The order was issued on the 8th of this month and released to the media on Tuesday.
These groups have raised awareness in the villages about the disease and the ways to protect themselves from COVID-19 such as the use of masks, hand washing and social distancing.
She said that the police have done the right thing because when they receive a complaint they have to act according to the rules of law to summon them. When the FIR was lodged against the education scam, the land grabbing in Umsawli, the law called those who were complained about, as the law should be the same for all. did she ever do that or she just did it to the poor and stupid".
The Minister promised to make arrangements to visit Meghalaya.
Shillong, Lber 24: The Mylliem Lum Sports Association (MLSA) in collaboration with the Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan (NYKS), Shillong has organized a “3 Days Life Skills Education Training” from 21st – 23rd March. 2013 to provide special training to the youth of the area on how to live a healthy life and build society by using the 10 Cores of Life Skills " (a.
In the petition, the union said that within the health department in Ri Bhoi District, there are those who are unemployed, this employment by one person affects the employment of others.
For winter rymbai in rice fields after harvest, protection against white spots using clean and appropriate methods can be done to reduce diseases from this pest.
Shillong, July 31: There are 210 new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 124 cases in West Garo Hills and 32 cases in West Garo Hills. , 13 in South West Garo Hills and 12 in Bhoi.
Ms Ampareen said that there is a land of the village in the area where they will build temporarily so that they can resume the work and this will take about 10 to 15 days. get jobs while you don't get shops.
The arrest of Wankmen Susngi from Mawlai Nongpdeng with the assistance of the Dorbar Shnong was selling heroin.
This was stated by Reebokstar Diengdoh while speaking at the memorial service of (L) Bah Lurshai Hynniewta at Pynthaumdan (Ichamati) village which falls under Sohra Civil Sub-district. division, East Khasi Hills district.
The Superintendent of Police, West Khasi Hills District, has rushed to the scene to ensure that no incident occurs.
In this meeting with the Chairman of the NC in charge of Tribal Affairs, the KHADC said that at present the District Councils fall under the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Government. If possible, it should be submitted to the Ministry of Tribal Affairs for better allocation of funds from the Central Government.
Pastor Lyndan in his speech, urged the students to use their education for employment and income generation.
The head of the Bangladesh delegation thanked the Indian Customs for organizing the meeting and ensuring that the talks led to results.
What he wants to understand is whether this death of fish will affect the people if the government authorities can look into the cause of the death.
The Minister praised the achievements of the Tokyo 2020 Paralympics held in November-November, 2021 where Indian athletes won 19 medals including 5 gold, 8 silver and 6 bronze medals.
The Days of Indian Culture in Nepal: Namaste Nepal will showcase the culture of the North Eastern Region of India.
Prestone urged all religious groups to take part in this prayer at their respective places at 12.00 noon.
Also present on the occasion were the Director of Health Services, Dr A War, DHMO Dr Basaiawmoit, Zonal Magistrate HML Kynta, MK Pathak SI and other policemen of Laban Police Station, Dr M Sohliya, Dr M Sohliya, Dr. J. Rynjah, Rangbah Shnong, Headman, President and Secretary of the villages of the 19th South Shillong Constituency.
I rely on the support of all the youth of Meghalaya and I will do my best on my part to achieve your goals.
On the other hand, Bah Parait also launched a video prepared by the Meghalaya Basin Development Agency.
A team of Laitumkhrah Police Station immediately rushed to the forest and found that a girl and an 18-year-old boy had gone for a walk in the forest. the three robbers.
42% of SBI employees in North East are foreigners.
The Prime Minister's remarks came on the question whether it is true or not that there will be a replacement of his ministers as it appeared today in the media.
All the states have chosen Option-I. Twenty-eight states have been approved to borrow additional funds up to T.1,06,830 crore (0.50% of GSDP).
The Minister said that the CM-Elevate scheme is a 75% assistance depending on the types of jobs that the youth want to start. He said that between 10 and 15 years from now we will see a change in jobs.
But, still, we haven’t lost hope at all.
New Delhi, Naitung 24: According to the National Commission for Minorities (NCM), the states that have set up the commission are Andhra Pradesh, Assam, Bihar, Chhattisgarh, NCT of Delhi, Jharkhand, Karnataka, Kerala, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Manipur, Punjab, Rajasthan, Tamil Nadu, Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, and West Bengal.
V. Mahadik, Group Commander NCC Meghalaya Group, Col (Retd) GK Rai, Director Sainik Welfare Board, Dr M. Rani, Principal Synod College, Shillong were also present on the occasion.
Thomas A Sangma, Advisor to the Chief Minister, said that education has changed rapidly according to the changing times.
The training was conducted under the supervision of the Director, IBSD, Prof. Pulok K. Mukherjee to strengthen the dissemination of information to the public. There are no syntiew skut in this state.
Of these, 8 cases have been confirmed positive in East Khasi Hills, 6 cases in West Garo Hills, 6 cases in North Garo Hills and 6 cases in North Garo Hills. The police and those in Ri Bhoi did not come from abroad.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNLC) has expressed its deep sorrow over the violence that has been happening from time to time in Nongkhlieh, Briwar and Samasi areas. Those who eat fish from hand to mouth are afraid to go to work in these areas.
Referring to the preparations for the 2018 election, he said the party now wants to contest alone, but even that is up to the party leadership whether they will cooperate with others or not. the parties to that cannot say.
However, in the recent announcement of the Police Results announced on July 28, 2023, 41.63% (420) Khasi-Jaintia have been selected and 46.18% (466) Garo have been selected. This means that the results have been announced based on the Roster System that works behind the scenes.
Finally, the Joint Parliamentary Committee of the Parliament of India has requested the Government of India and the Ministry of Home Affairs to seek a report from the Government of India and the Ministry of Home Affairs to explain why they have delayed the completion of the project. the promises and agreements through the documents.
Police have taken over the case to investigate whether he committed suicide or whether he had committed suicide.
The KSU also supports the request of the FKJGP South West Khasi Hills District that “the Ministers of the Hima Maharam should gather together with the children of the thousands to discuss this issue and also on their demand from the KHADC to speak or do anything on this issue. this ".
Bah Sanbor has distributed this assistance to all these employees from the constituency from his salary as MLA. The total cost of this assistance has reached T.4,00,000 lakh. as a tribute to these workers who have worked hard in this fight against the disease.
This is understood from an interview with the Director of USTM who was arrested.
People who used to be happy to have a railway station now say, “It's enough but when will we get an airport?” In the past, people used to ask, “When will the road be cleared in our area?” Now they ask, “Will the road be 4 lane or 6 lane?”
In a letter sent to the three, the Party alleged that the three had spoken against the party.
Minister Rangbha Duh said the revival of Nalanda near the ancient monuments will showcase India's working power to the world and will also show to the world and countries with a strong faith that they can to bring about a better world by re-authorizing history.
It was discussed at the meeting that from different states of the North East at the meeting to be held in October in Arunachal Pradesh they will discuss issues affecting the North East. other.
Until now, all the experts who have been brought from all over India to assist the state government in rescuing these people have been allowed to enter the coal mine. while you are still tan you are still full of shidap.
Dr. Bharati Pravin Pawar, Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare, attended the meeting.
Farmers will face challenges in the future.
He said that if he goes for the UDP candidate, it is difficult to refuse because he has a close relationship with the family of Dr Donkupar. The PDF candidate is not good because they are in the UPF.
Regarding the patients in hospitals, to help them, the government should increase the allocation of funds from the MHIS scheme and simplify the payment method to alleviate the problem of patients. Hospitals in the fight against COVID-1
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: The Shillong Chamber Choir has taken part in the commemoration of the victims of the 26/11 terrorist attack in Mumbai.
The five days for the dorbar shows that the State Government wants to avoid many issues that affect the state as a whole,” said the Working President of KHNAM-CEC. Thomas Passah said in a statement sent to the media.
Shillong, Naitung 14: After the start of the search for talented people from Mawkyrwat, on 9th November 2022, the Edge10 team led by Ian Campbell and the MSOA led by Mr. John F Kharshiing, Working President, Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA).
However, other states in the North East including Nagaland have their own Medical Colleges in their States.
Shillong, Naitung 01: The former Chief Election Commissioner of India, H Brahma, in his speech at the inauguration of the Unite Mission in Meghalaya held at the JN Stadium, urged the Young people to elect leaders whether to the Legislative Assembly or to the Legislative Assembly to elect people who can work for the people.
All the decisions and orders of the Government shall be solonsar for all and not to be elected by one or two as ruled or managed by private individuals.
The special Ambush party observed a suspected Three Wheeler bearing No.ML-08 F-7148 coming from Baghmara side and going towards Dalu.
“Now from technology to healthcare, unprecedented facilities have come to BHU.Youngsters from all over the country have started coming here to get educated," he added.
On the other hand, the Minister of Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri, said that the special police force will be known as the Special Force
The union also alleged that there have been many incidents which have been covered up and others are the actions of the government.
When contacted by SP News Agency, the army said they had no information whether the helicopter was from Bangladesh or from India. hi.
The Nongkrem festival was held at Smit, the capital of the Khyriem Hima. This festival is known as a religious festival to thank the Creator who is known as the ruling God who has blessed the agriculture of the country. people.
He said that the Khasi and Garo people living on the 443 km border with Bangladesh have been banned throughout the state and can no longer go to the markets in Bangladesh.
The KSU urges the relevant authorities to look into which areas to fight and how not to fight, if the government does not help who will help and urged the Minister of Home Affairs to help the farmers.
Sagar, who won the silver medal at the CWG 2022, of Railways, also defeated Navjot Singh of Chandigarh in the super heavyweight category 92kg.
Ronnie Wahlang, MCS, Additional Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, was the chief guest to distribute prizes and gifts to all the participants and winners of the final competition. 2.
It will also be the first time to exchange information on entrepreneurship training for indigenous youth between the two countries.
Shillong, Lber 25: To curb illegal activities in Shillong, the police have convened a meeting with the owners of hotels in Shillong, where about 125 people have been arrested. They didn't come to this meeting.
She today visited the BOPs on the border with Bangladesh in South West Khasi Hills District to understand the situation on the border in Meghalaya and congratulated the BSF troops who have surrendered. During the visit, she also opened the new BOP buildings at Nolikatta, South West Khasi Hills District. also village officials on the border with Bangladesh.
Shillong, November 29: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of all commercial vehicles in Meghalaya has decided to take part in the march on the 2nd of November. Shillong, which is called by the All India Trade Union (AITU) across the country.
NEIAH has conducted 35 health camps and 4 CMEs during the same period.
These channels and websites belong to a news agency operating from Pakistan and disseminating such news on some important issues related to India.
The court has issued a circular to all the states including Meghalaya, which should not exceed 50%.
All those who attended this free treatment were 150 wives of the army officers.
The lack of light for two months has caused a lot of trouble to the public and especially to the school children who are still in the mid-term examination.
For the colleges which fall under the “Green Filed” category, which means that the colleges exist but do not have adequate buildings, the government will allocate T.10 crore each for the construction of the college.
He said that in the north of the country there are two Neharpunji, one Old Neharpunji and one Old Nehrpunji.
If anyone continues to take advantage or misrepresent the Union, the Seng will take strong action and will not be responsible.
This has led many of these Khasi students to complete their studies part-time from the university due to their inability to tolerate the insults of the teacher.
According to the report of the MLA and MDC and the report of the observers of the meeting, the office bearers of the 19 Jaiaw Constituency Committee unanimously approved to authorize the Central Body to take action, because two candidates have applied for tickets. out of 19 Jaiaw Constituencies are the office bearers of the Central Body.
He said that as of now, the Legislative Assembly has become the Legislative Assembly.
I wish her all the best and hope that she will continue to work hard in the coming days.
People today don't know much about this great missionary, but we hope that through this short drama we will be able to learn something about this man of God,” said Bah. R.V. Lyngdoh.
Shillong, Nailar 04: The BJP Mahila State President Susuki Pariat today renewed the office bearers of the State Mahila Morcha in Meghalaya at a meeting held at the party headquarters today. in Shillong.
In his speech, the Secretary of KSU Umsning Circle, Samla Lester Nongbet, congratulated Kong Lakyntiew Syiemlieh, who is one of the women who has surprised the youth, the elderly and also the women who have passed away. Continuing his speech, he also concluded with the words “Whether you are weak or weak, Jar jar la phi You must not cry, Those who say that you have not reached, To the rank and fame.
At this meeting, the Union Minister emphasized on the status of schemes implemented by the Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, Fisheries and Border Areas Development departments in the district.
On the other hand, the drivers who have passed the examination are very worried that if the time runs out, they may not get government jobs anymore.
Shillong, November 23: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Sngniawbhalang Dhar and MLA of Jirang, Bah Sngniawbhalang Dhar, today visited the factories in Ri Bhoi District. Sohtun and officials of the state industries department.
Various projects include the opening of 4G mobile towers, of which 320 have been completed and 890 are under construction, the new campus of IIM Shillong at Umsawli, the Shillong-Diengpasohka road to improve roads. to Shillong and four other road projects in three states of Meghalaya, Manipur and Arunachal Pradesh.
"It is clear that no approval should be obtained but only to inform the Governor and a report should be submitted to the Governor through the Deputy Commissioner. approval, and that nothing is required from the State Government because the Autonomous District Councils are not Departments of the State Government but that they are Autonomous Bodies without any authority from above.
These weapons seized include 10 light machine guns, 10 assault rifles, four MA-3 rifles and 39 grenades, pistol silencers, telescopic sights and 30 magazines. bad with a thousand bullets.
When asked why Jha has rejected the authorities, he said that while there are still ways to protect himself from the law, he has to find out and when all the ways are exhausted, he will be handed over to the law.
Suddenly, a group of people carrying stem flags came out and shouted, threatened and insulted the members of the TSF and the Jaidbynriew ethnic groups.
It is learned that the promise of these two households has been so high that the belongings in the house have been destroyed in the fire.
It is surprising that in the North East, the Government of India has implemented the RAP (Restricted Area Permit) to prevent foreigners from entering the country.
Robert said that this visit was a mistake in the place where they came to encourage but they received from the people of this village a spirit of courage as they have expressed they too received encouragement from them.
He said that if the resort opens in the market, it will benefit not only himself but also others and the community.
These include PMAY, PMJAY, NRML, Atal Pension Yojana, PM Jan Dhan Yojana, Nano Fertilizers and other schemes.
The choice is theirs, as a country and as a society we must ensure that they have their rights and opportunities and implement that choice.
The allocation for government food providers per patient in public health centers is T.150/- tyngka and the fee for food providers is T.55/- tyngka. - money you are sick.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The North Eastern Hills University Students' Union (NEHUSU) today staged a protest at the office of the Vice Chancellor, NEHU to demand the suspension of the Prof.FA Qadri has been arrested within two days on charges of rape.
Before congratulating the party office bearers, the President of the PDF expressed his satisfaction that the people have come together to attend this meeting to prepare for the 2018 Election.
Najim said that the union has tried to talk to the companies many times but they have not listened to them. According to the current era, especially in the case of illness, the network in these areas has not been available for many months.
The meeting was conducted by Prof. DK Nayak, Vice-Chancellor incharge of the university and Prof. SR Joshi, Registrar Incharge.
“We demand the transfer of Block I because the survey has been conducted since 1951 by the two district councils of Meghalaya and Assam,” said the Chairman of HBRF. They received a tip that a vehicle was coming from Assam to Meghalaya carrying illegal beverages.
MLA Martin M Danggo and MDC Manstudy Nongrem were also present to mark the occasion.
These smuggled goods were seized by the BSF Meghalaya on Tuesday.
Prestone said the government has decided to allow mining companies such as Lafarge and others to operate in mining companies.
It may be recalled that on 12th July 2007, a Public Hearing was held and in this Public Hearing the residents expressed their concern and opposed the plan of UCIL to mine uranium. .
Speech was delivered by Bah R.Thabah, President of the All Meghalaya Muster Roll Workers Union.
In this first call for recruitment, the recruitment will be for two positions in all these departments: “Relationship Officer – Assets” and “Relationship Officer – Liabilities”. pass degree and have worked for three years in banking.
Regarding the remaining light bills, Mayralborn said that the CMD has expressed that they also need the funds to run the Corporation so that they can run the Corporation during the day. ban come spirit.
The Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) on Thursday lodged a complaint against those involved in illegal collection of money in the name of land dealers.
D) and postgraduate students in science and technology to work in laboratories.
Marakka is a beneficiary of PM Kisan Samman Nidhi, Insurance and other schemes.
In this way, it creates another new form of behavior that causes problems in vehicles.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Reachingson Kongwang who said that the party is still alive in the area because of many great works it has done in the past and the people themselves still want to continue. Once this organization, which has skilled leaders in the District and in the Central Body, will revive once again and work better and more efficiently for the people of War Jaintia.
Among the winners, Bah Langpen was the winner of the title of Mr Meghalaya 2013. Among the five winners, Bah Langpen was the winner.
The affected villages are Doledonga, Talimara, Mawdongkop, Dorkinuli, Mekahmidol, Warigro, Umthali, Hasem, Umbah, Dariphang, Umdiangsiar, Umdiangthing, Sarupani, Barigoan and Ukiam. ,Borjhar, Chicago, Malangoan, Krishnapur, Kapili, Matunggoan, Srigoan, Nongpsung, Kyrshai, Rajabalu.
The HANM Women's Wing said that other members of the party who have been arrested by the government have been released on bail but Bah Arphul has not been released yet and he is still being held by the MPDA. He was involved in these incidents and he was innocent.
Shillong, Lber 12: Nine students were injured when a school bus of Little Start School, Khanapara, Ri Bhoi District overturned at 8.30 pm today. They were taken to hospital for treatment.
The MPMC invites the public to come and take part in this day.
Mawlai Voice of the People Party BRIGHTSTARWELL MARBANIANG (WINNER), 16.
With the departure of these four MDCs from the PDF, only two MDCs from the KHADC, Bah PN Syiem and Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, are left.
Out of the 13 schools, 9 are Secondary Schools and 4 are Upper Primary Schools.
All three are from Maimensing District of Bangladesh and live in Borlaghat.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Minister said that education is the greatest wealth that parents can give for their children.
According to police, the vehicle was coming from Guwahati to Shillong. The driver of the vehicle, Jayantai Deb, when arrested by the police, said that he had hidden the song inside. Arneston Dkhar, 20, of HP Petrol Pump, Mawlai, was arrested on Wednesday morning.
All businesses have increased where one penny to lend helps more now in the economy.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: The Sheila Dorbar Shnong will not allow any resident of the Shella Village Council to register on the Electoral Roll of the Sheila Village Council without proof or Residential Certificate. Sheila Village Council.
There are many varieties of plants in the seed production center and this will be a seed production center and the purpose of the visit is to see how this is going so that the farmers of the state can benefit.
He was an intelligent man in that he could explain problems no matter how big they were, in just one word or question.
“To publish a book is not easy but if you have a job, you have a way through hard work,” he said.
Shillong, March 16: The All Khasi Hills Chick Federation (AKHAF) has expressed its deep sorrow over the destruction of 12 houses in Kalapahar village under Ranikor Block. They didn't help 10 klio of shitnum households.
At the same time, the Prime Minister said that there are two areas which the government cannot ignore, namely to protect the coal miners and at the same time to protect the coal miners. the environment, which the government cannot control.
Once at the DC office, the police beat him with sticks until his head was broken and his blood was lyngkien on the ground floor of the DC office.
Answering a question regarding the demand of the Joint Action Committee to return the land to the Hima Sohiong, the Syiem said that they will not say yes or no, because they don't have a way. , should be returned through the District Council.
“With pride and arrogance, It is right in Lakyntiew Syiemlieh that reminds us of ourselves, we want to work hard, and we get.
Paul Biswal Makri, a member of the KSU Umrit, Ri Bhoi, has been shot dead by the Government.
The BJP in the MLA election in 2018, the party candidate received 2500 votes and in the MP election, Bah Sanbor Shullai received 4770 votes. The registration of people from this constituency who have joined the BJP has reached 7000 and the BJP is confident of winning the mid-term elections.
Speaking to reporters at the MLA Hostel, he said that in the coming days he will visit the coal depots and invites the public and NGOs. “Save Meghalaya” if you want to save Meghalaya.
At the conclusion of his visit, Dr. Bhagwat Kishanrao Karad spoke on the responsibility of all to achieve Viksit Bharat before 2047, as envisaged by the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi.
Jowai, Jymmang, 04:The AJYWO Central Body in a statement issued by Bah MH Dkhar, President of the AJYWO, strongly condemns the people who have turned themselves into wild animals and committed wild animal acts. They have raped women and children, and even children who have not yet known the heavens and the earth.
This year, the office of the Governor has announced that the public will be allowed to visit the residence of the Governor for those who wish to see it from 3 pm. and it was five o'clock in the morning.
But we don't know whether the law will allow us to create good," he added.
Some of the people who went to apply for the challans to pay the tax said how can the KHADC increase the tax suddenly without announcing publicly the increase.
On how to preserve culture, she said that Maharashtra is a state that has developed well in all aspects but has forgotten how to preserve its customs and culture.
During the raid, the police also seized the parsi kyiad and threw it on the ground for disposal. The police also seized the parsi kyiad. I'm going to the shop.
Background:To introduce a gas-based economy and ensure its participation in the country's energy sector, the Government has taken steps such as increasing gas production in India, the construction of infrastructure such as pipelines, City Gas Distribution (CGD) and Re-gasified Liquefied Natural Gas (R-LNG) plants and the development of the gas market by opening up opportunities for people to connect and gas acquisition activities.
On this occasion, 375 trees from the state were planted using the planting method of Akira Miyawaki.
According to the Waheh Shnong of Khasi Village in Khedagor, Temenglong, Manipur, it is the Bengalis who have affected the Manipuris.
On the other hand, Bah Paul urged the Dorbar Shnong to take care of these items for the benefit of the village as a whole.
Before the implementation of GST, taxes payable to the Central and State Governments for goods exceeded 13%.
Until now, this Bor has not been appointed by the Governor of Assam.
Meghalaya Police on receiving this information and searched for the number sent from Assam and found that this is the number registered in Meghalaya. number 9856930587 is from Rynjah.
After the success of the 5k run last year, the MSOA is ready to hold this competition again for those over 10 years old, with the hope that schools and youth organizations in the Sohra area will In this regard, preparations are in progress and the union is still seeking permission from the AFI and is awaiting a decision.
In his speech, the chief guest of the first session, Justice Hrishikesh Roy, Judge, Supreme Court of India said that this is not only a meeting of people involved in legal matters but also a meeting of people involved in legal matters. a coming together of people from different sections of society.
The establishment of schools by organizations, groups and individuals is not something we have not seen in our country especially in these days.
On the other hand, the KSU said that this issue should be discussed and find ways and means how to prevent the influx of foreigners into Meghalaya. discuss.
The districts with the highest number of cases are East Garo Hills 20, East Jaintia Hills 3, East Khasi Hills 213, Ri Bhoi 14, West Garo Hills cases in West Jaintia Hills and 19 cases in West Khasi Hills.
Shillong, Nailar 5: U Bah Lakhmen Rymbui, Minister in charge of Education, Shillong, on Tuesday said that there has been no discussion on the issue. it is the post of speaker within the party.
These days, point-of-care testing continues to improve rapidly, with the introduction of 4generation technology-based rapid tests. than the previous 2nd and 3rd generation tests.
The union has urged the Superintendent of Police East Khasi Hills to take action in this regard as it has become a disgrace to the image of the tree and the how the police work.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the MJACCV leader said that the government has not listened to the complaints of the owners and drivers and the strike has affected the markets. However, due to the government's refusal, they were unable to continue their protest.
Millions of other species of insects, which farmers call niangsaiddho, have emerged and destroyed the leaf.
These 50 schools were inaugurated at a function held at Yojana Bhavan in the presence of Minister of Rural Development, Bah Hamletson Dohling, DP Wahlang. Minister of Education, BDR Tiwari.
Currently, the Fit India Freedom Run 2.0 will start on 13th July, 2021 and end on 2nd March,
The event was enriched by songs and short plays by the Riti Academy and welcome speech by Bah Don Kupar War, Secretary of the Khasi National Dorbar.
Thakur said this year's calendar can be accessed digitally and the calendar will also be used to share information on government activities and welfare activities.
The bodies of these four persons were found by the residents of Umleng village on Saturday morning and the Umpleng Anti Dacoity Camp Police were informed.
On the other hand, the two parties have raised the question whether it can be done within these 10 days.
Matangini Hazra is a hero and activist of the Quit India Movement.
Union Minister of State for Development of North Eastern Region (DoNER), MoS PMO, Personnel, Public Grievances, Pensions, Atomic Energy and Space, Dr Jitendra Singh chaired the meeting with senior officials. Gujarat government officials in the city today to discuss preparations for the festival.
The Judge said that the ban on becoming a member of the Dorbar is not a good decision, therefore he ordered the Dorbar Shnong Shella to allow Bah Ksanlah (complainant) to take part in the Dorbar. .
Shillong, July 10: KHNAM Youth Wing President Thomas Passah and General Secretary F Marpna today lodged a complaint against Vinu Sisupal Rampal. ) Titosstarwell Chyne on the allegation that this person has taken and used the Pariat clan.
According to the Bill, if passed by Parliament, the Central Government will have to pay a subsidy of up to T.1,24,724 crore per annum.
Shillong, Lber 15: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has announced that this year it will celebrate its 40th anniversary since its inception on 20th October
The KSU said that at present the people of the North East across India are not happy and this has spread to Bangalore where the people of this region are fleeing to study.
The sugarcane was seized on the border with Bangladesh in East Jaintia Hills District near Sonapur. The BSF seized the vehicle carrying the sugarcane. Documents may be provided to show that the sugar transported will be sold in India.
The swearing-in ceremony of the Protem Speaker was conducted by the President, while the Members of the House were first sworn in by the Prime Minister of India and The swearing-in ceremony will continue until the day of the swearing-in ceremony.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Dorbar of Chiefs of Meghalaya, which includes the Federation of Khasi States, Sirdarship, Dorbar Ki Dolloi and Council of Nokma, today met at Lumjingsuk, Shillong. Chiefs, Sirdars, Lyngdohs, Ministers, Sirdars from various Himas under the leadership of Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Dorbar of Chiefs of Hynniewtrep and Spokesperson of the Federation of Khasi States, who spoke on the occasion. Some of the issues which the Dorbar of the Federation of Khasi States has been monitoring to date are; The Schedule Tribes Order 1950 together with the Amendment Act 1976 and Amendment Act 1987 and Part XI Meghalaya and Rule 128 of the Constitution of Assam and Meghalaya Autonomous Districts Rules, more than 50 tribals and other non-tribals if they are permanent residents who have lived for more than 12 years in the Schedule Tribe Areas which will seriously affect the rights of the 54 Hima/Elaka –which is in violation of the provisions of the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement 1948 of the Hima Federation of Khasi States.
They have been searching for the foreign fugitive from home to arrest the Khasi youths while in the incident of 4-5 days ago they did not go and they just wanted to bring them to the negotiating table and have peace.
They are Roshem Myrthong, RR Marak and Kuringstone D Shira.
How much more so if the questions are different from those given.
Human Rights.
After the protest, the NEHU authorities have summoned the leaders of KSU NEHU UNIT and KSU Education Cell immediately to discuss the issue. The VC in the presence of the Nehu administration has decided to find ways and means to conduct the entrance test so that it will not be biased and to ensure that the state residents should get more shares. in various departments as required by the party.
Therefore, the Seng strongly urges the State Control Pollution Board to take action on this issue at this juncture in the state and the Seng expects the action of the District Administrations. all so that it will not affect the drinking water sources, the cleanliness of the environment around these sources and also the health of the people.
The public can use the Helpline Number 14410 if they have any complaints on drugs and others, so that we can explain to them,” said the statement.
Speaking to reporters at the Shillong Press Club, Marcus Marten, President of the HNYF North Region, said that in a meeting with the members of the HNYF, the Controller of Examination of MBOSE has promised to for the matric examination in 2019 will be held at Umsohlait.
The charges against the RBYF leader are under sections 384/511/506 IPC, which state that the leader is sentenced to life imprisonment ( The current president of Umsning Circle, Samla JJ Lapang.
It can also be said that the negligence and negligence of the previous government authorities has turned this road into a deteriorating area with the passing of the days. The spirit of evil is not allowed on this road.
Replying to a question on the ILP demand of Meghalaya, Union Minister Rijiju said the Chief Minister of Meghalaya is well aware of this and the Union Government is considering it. .
The MDA government has found ways to raise funds from the central government or financial institutions like the World Bank for the development of the state, said the Chief Minister at the opening ceremony of the school. in Dalu.
At this juncture, the HYC would like to point out that perhaps one of the reasons for the rapid spread of this disease in the State, especially in the rural areas is due to the return of many residents from other villages. other States whether they are studying or working and also the non-compliance of the residents with the rules and regulations of the Government authorities.
The meeting of the alumni of SPS began with a holy mass in the morning and in the evening there were many games to entertain and remember the old days. are during their studies at this place.
The ITBP and Assam Rifles have come forward to find talented children in the rural areas.
The certificates were distributed by the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, who urged the young women not to neglect what they have learned.
Different types of mula have come from all over the West Khasi Hills, Eastern West Khasi Hills and Ri Bhoi.
The public is requested not to feel anything.
These office bearers were confirmed by Commander Shangpliang, President of the party in the presence of General Secretary.
When asked whether the Congress is trying to defeat him in the mid-term elections, Danggo said, “I don't have anything to say but it depends on their wisdom and those who want to contest the elections. want to promote economic development and it depends on them maybe they have their own way of thinking".
The Neuro surgery will soon start tele-follow-up for patients who have come from other states, who have been treated at NEIGRIHMS and who have been sent home.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: The Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya in charge of Home Affairs, Bah CVD Diengdoh today announced that the ban on Mobile Internet will continue for another 48 hours.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: The resignation of Bah Enbin Kharaswai, former General Secretary of the HSPDP and joined the KHNAM party along with their supporters at a public meeting held at Mawkyrwat. The HSPDP party has been supported not only in Mawkyrwat but also in other parts of the Khasi Hills.
In another incident, a mother identified as Hailsentinari Marwein, 25, drowned in the landslide at Jashiar village in SWKH District.
In order to raise awareness among the public on the problem of mobile phones, the DoT has implemented an Integrated Voice Response System (IVRS) in Delhi, Mumbai, Punjab, UP, Uttarakhand, Maharashtra and Goa on the 23rd of this month and in other parts of India will be held soon.
On the other hand, the Director commended the NGOs for their hard work in the fight against violence against women.
The Rangbah Shnong of Mawpat, Bah K.Ryntathiang, said that the Dorbar Shnong has sent a proposal to the Government to build this Center on 28th Oct, 2013 and within a few months it has been used. scheme and the work has started.
He urged that if possible, the deployment of troops should be expedited at the request of the state governments.
I am grateful to the State Council of Science, Technology and Environment for helping me to have a scientific mindset and I try to do the same for the children I teach,” he said.
The Viksit Bharat SankalpYatra is a symbol of the Government's approach to the people of the country.
Thus, the business has a lot of ideas.
The People Democratic Front (PDF) under the leadership of Bah Ivanlumlang Marbaniang has divided the ethnic parties in the state, such as the UDP, KHNAM and MDP. The NPP leader has shown the spirit of leadership by his participation in Parliament.
According to the party who wants to remove Bah Pynshngianglang Syiem from the post of CEM, there are 16 members in the 29-member Assembly. These 16 members are from the UDP, NPP, HSPDP. There are also members of the PDF who are members of this group.
Regarding the food fees of the school children in the state, the central government has already sent all the money to the state government, and he asked where this money is now, the government. it must pay off the students.
He said the monthly light bill is T.1.40,000 and the monthly bill is T.85,000, so they cannot produce this money every month because there are very few customers. Especially in the past two years due to the Covid-19 pandemic, we have reached a crisis and we have to withdraw money from the plan to pay to the government.
Currently, it is published in 23 languages ​​including 22 Indian languages ​​and English as well as 29 indigenous languages ​​(25 from the North East and 4 from Chhattisgarh) and also in Types of Foreign Languages.
New Delhi, July 21: The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi today addressed the country through video conference on the occasion of International Yoga Day.
He said that faith has a role in fellow human beings regardless of race or ethnicity.
The award ceremony will be held on 12/10/19 at Nartiang.
Police have recovered 8 silver crosses from a warehouse at Chandmari, Tura.
The incident happened at 11.45 pm.
Shillong, Nailar 04: The Ri Bhoi District Police have arrested seven robbers from a group and seized clothes from them. police.
“The Chairman of the Regional Committee of Ribhoi District should immediately take action by stopping the illegal construction of road by the Assam Government at Bakhlapara within the border of Meghalaya,” he said.
Earlier, as part of the National Integration Tour (NIT) under the auspices of the Spear Corps and Red Shield Division, 20 students from Loyola Senior Secondary School, Zakhama, Nagaland, attended the ceremony. The teachers also met with the Governor of Meghalaya at Raj Bahvan Shilong.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has reported 8 deaths from COVID-19 today, 1 from East Jaintia Hills, 1 from East Garo Hills, 3 from East Khasi Hills, 2 from West Garo Hills. Khasi Hills 1, The death toll has risen to 939 so far.
On the other hand, the union suspects that there is something wrong through the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District because 22 posts should have gone directly to the school authorities, the Managing Committee or the Managing Committee. The villages to be able to build pankhans and hand washing facilities, but it was handed over only to one person known as Bah Daoohipaia Chuulet.
In a meeting with the Sengbhalang Leaders on Saturday, he did not say a word about what the Government of India thinks on the demand for ILP as a State. The actions of this Minister are a violation of our wishes and desires as a State and we strongly condemn this actions of him.
DCIC-East Khasi Hills won the first prize, while DCIC-East Khasi Hills won the second prize and District Animal Husbandry and Veterinary came third.
The Government of Meghalaya through the State Nodal Agency of Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) has authorized the implementation of this scheme for the benefit of the people and before the implementation of this scheme, training has been conducted. for those people who have to take responsibility for the welfare of the people.
There are three trangenders, two from Shillong and one from Tura.
When asked about the relationship with the incumbent leader of the VPP, Bah Pyniaid said that those who have experienced the working methods have understood and many of them are no longer there. mad you said.
On the other hand, the Governor said that children with disabilities should be empowered through this computer training and knowledge of computers is essential.
Shillong, Nailar 31: Four political parties including the KSU, FKJGP, HNYF and RBYF today met with the Minister in charge of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh regarding the The registration of students for B.Sc Agri in Imphal has been against the special allocation of the state.
All those who have been appointed are requested to arrive at the State Central Library on the 24th of this month at 10 pm.
Ambulance 108 from Markasa took the injured to Markasa PHC for treatment and later to Mariang Civil Hospital for treatment. The injured were taken to KJP Robert Hospital Shillong for treatment.
There are 3512 polling stations in total, 326 polling stations in urban areas and 3186 polling stations in rural areas.
A two minute silence was also held in memory of former Speaker Purno A Sangma and in honor of him as one of the great personalities of the North East. in India.
In a statement, Superintendent of Police East Khasi Hills Rituraj Ravi said, “Furthermore, we appeal to the people to maintain peace and order.
The traffic jam on this road has also angered the passengers who have been stuck for many hours in the middle of the road.
We understand that we are all focused on COVID 19, it doesn't mean that we have to ignore other difficulties to treat if we are fighting COVID
A rule of law that respects the feelings and expressions of others.
Although they did not meet Amit Shah when they were summoned according to the letters, they were able to talk to the Union Home Minister on the CAB and the reason they gave was that the CAB should not be implemented in the state as demanded by the government and civil society.
The opening ceremony was conducted by Samla Fernando Nongkhlaw, General Secretary of KSU Laitkor Unit and welcome speech was delivered by Samla Kyrmenlang Mawrie, General Secretary of KSU Laitkor Unit. the President of the KSU Light Unit.
So far, the filing of nomination papers for the Shillong Seat has reached five candidates including the NPP candidate Dr. Amparen Lyngdoh who filed her nomination papers last month.
On the part of the Vice President, he said that education is essential to empower people in economy, society, politics and culture. , it is for this reason that knowledge is so important.
Also present at the meeting was the Principal Secretary to the Governor, Harish Chandra Chaudhary IFS.
This synthesis is against the rights of the individual.
The letter was sent to the office of the Deputy Chief Minister, SDO Pynursla, Syiem Khyrim, Sordar Raid Mukertila, Sordar Raid Mawshun, Rangbah Shnong Pyrdiwah and the Contractor.
This ritual is usually held after the planting of rice. The purpose of this ritual is to pray to the Creator God to bless the agriculture and to protect it from the plagues. destroy in nature.
The vaccine program will also use Co-WIN, an internet platform developed by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, which will provide immediate information on the availability of vaccines, their storage in adequate coverage and identification of those who should receive the COVID-19 vaccine first.
The Rajabala MLA said five temporary shelters have been set up for the people who have been forced to leave their homes for years.
The amount of money taken from the REC and PFC in the next 50 years will reach T.2000/- crore, but it will be more than the amount of money left over. they take a voice of 18% while to REC and PFC have to pay interest of only 9%.
I urge all those who wish to return to the state to please note that they should not come to the state from the 10th to the 9th of each month. They should understand this decision of the government.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Shibun said that what they are doing now is that in every constituency, the BJP has invited party members to join the party. Parties who wish to contest the MLA elections can submit their applications but the application to select the candidates will be made when the elections are announced.
What is the role of that relationship between parents and that work?  For example, there may be family members of police, ministers, MLAs and others involved in illegal activities. Does this mean that those police, ministers and others will be accused or involved? ha how that work.
The construction of the Center was constructed with the assistance of the District Rural Development Agency (DRDA), East Khasi Hills and a grant of T.9,94,360 lakh was allocated.
The march demanded that the Delhi police should arrest the killers and demanded that the perpetrators of the murder should be punished.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: The BSF troops conducted a free medical treatment at Dawki village in West Jaintia Hills District by a team of 108 BSF personnel deployed in East Khasi Hills, Meghalaya.
Nadeem Kausor, manager of the company, said that the report that three people have died is false. During the working hours, it is impossible to know what will happen because every day there are about 200 people working in this dorbar hall.
On the other hand, the Leader of the Opposition, Dr Mukul Sangma, has strongly criticized the MDA government led by the NPP. party came to take part in this meeting to open the office.
Shillong, Naitung 09: The General Secretary of the Meghalaya Hills Farmers Union (MHFU) on Tuesday said that in a meeting with the Minister of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh today, The Minister said that the government is ready to take the farmers of this state to other states to look after their farming methods.
To bring peace and harmony in the society, to create opportunities for the youth not to get involved in corruption or to do other things as well as to bring about a clean and transparent working method to eradicate corruption and also that the law enforcement agencies should provide special services to the poor and the villagers.
Their lack of ability to do their daily jobs has caused us to lose the salary that they should have received because they are paid according to the jobs they do and as They are now paid only from the Covid honorium of T.1000 per month.
The Committee will also consider the recommendations made by the ASHAs at the meeting held today.
When they arrived at the scene, there was a crowd and during the search, police seized a tin of gold, four small song packed in paper and one song of khia. about 0.65 gm and suspected to be heroin.
The management played extra time for 50 minutes, but the teams could not score until the end of the match.
At the same time, hundreds of people gathered at the office of the Chief Minister of the state and started throwing stones. you have to shoot lyer.
The District has always received the first rank in the field of Health and Nutrition, in 2021 it has received the first rank in the category of Education which has also been awarded by the NITI AYOG Shiklur tyngka.
The purpose of this Act is to prevent illegal immigrants and robbers from getting shelter in the state and to enforce the law to prevent illegal entry of workers. illegals who can enter and stay in different villages.
Nineteen women from all over Ri Bhoi District took part in the competition of which three were the winners and there were also special prizes in five categories as usual in the beauty pageants.
He said that for Class I and Class II schools should not provide writings to write at home, the teaching should be only in the language for Class I and Class II to Class V. language and mathematics should be taught.
The salary increase has been increased from T.173/- to T.181/- for those who have not yet learned the job. T.184/- to T.215/- and those who are well skilled in the job have been increased from T.215/- to T.225/-.
SS Lyngdoh, Secretary, NPP, Ranikor Block, announced that Air Marshall Diengngan is the NPP candidate from Ranikor Constituency to contest against Martin. M.Danggo, who has been an MLA from Ranikor Constituency for 20 years.
On the occasion of Mahatma Gandhi's birthday, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma laid a wreath at the statue on the ground floor of the Meghalaya Main Secretariat in the presence of others. of government.
Because of the meeting with the Prime Minister's Secretary, they could not speak at the FASTOM meeting, so they decided to meet tomorrow morning to take a decision to conclude. They have stopped this protest to respect what they have heard from the government.
Hep Heimon suffers from rheumatism and is currently undergoing treatment at NEIGRIHMS Hospital Shillong.
The leaders of the union urged the Prime Minister to introduce the ILP Act first and then look into getting the railway in Jaintia Hills.
“Police have registered a case under sections 153B/503/504/506 of the IPC and the investigation is ongoing.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: The Khasi Indigenous Foundation (KIF) has organized a traditional sow competition titled “Khasi Traditional Sow Online 2023”. Melisha Shylla from Umsiang, Ri Bhoi District came second and Dawanrihun Lyngdoh Mawlong from East Khasi Hills District came third.
Shillong, March 15: The KSU Jowai Circle today under the leadership of Samla Morningstar Pasi President in the presence of Samla Justice Paul Lyngdoh, incharge of the KSU Jowai Circle. Executive Engineer of PHE Jowai, West Jaintia Hill District.
After returning, the police were shot by the militants who tried to come to the scene.
Also present on the occasion were DoNER Minister G. Kishen Reddy, Minister of State for Science & Technology and Space, Dr. Jitendra Singh, Minister of State for DoNER, BL Verma, Meghalaya Chief Minister, Conrad Sangmabad, Heads of Central and State Governments.
Those who have found that the Authentication Machine and other Aadhaar equipment are not working can also file an affidavit.
This is written in detail so that many students in universities in the state, India and overseas come to us from time to time to seek clarification and explain as we understand. the new Khasi people, the Khadar rule and the judgment.
The ammunition seized includes 7 LMG rifles, 7.62 rounds of ammunition, 14 rounds of 5.56 rounds of INSAS rifle and three empty boxes of unused ammunition. , one hand grenade, one empty magazine of an INSAS rifle and three empty magazines of an AK-4
In her speech , Dr Mrs CAR Diengdoh expressed the challenges facing the AYUSH department and to find ways how to improve the AYUSH department in the future by focusing on three issues academics, research and various outreach programmes.
In fact, the playgrounds are cleaner and more spacious in the countryside than in the city or suburbs.
During the investigation, the drug users confessed that they bought the drugs from a man called Boit and the injection needles were obtained from the drug treatment centers. in Shillong and even in government hospitals.
This ability to release the results on time will help a lot as it will make it easier for the students not to waste their time waiting for the results.
In his speech, Principal Secretary, Health and Family Welfare, Sampath Kumar, said that this day is a day to remember that the government has taken this step to treat those with disabilities. This will also help the poor households to know their status and this will prevent the suffering of people from this disease in the state.
The Minister also thanked the Speaker for starting the work in the new House by approving the Nari Shakti VandanAdhiniyam.
Prime Minister Duh said India's G-20 presidency comes at a time of great challenges.
At this meeting it was said that Quallapaty is the first Dorbar Shnong to receive these CCTV cameras and other villages under the Jaiaw MDC Constituency will also receive them.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek today convened a meeting between GVK Company and the leaders of the Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union (MEMRIWU). 108 Ambulance will now be launched.
Speaking to reporters after handing over the resignation letter, Bah Manstudy said that the party has already withdrawn its support to the EC. Bah PN Syiem, I don't think I should be in office anymore.
These are just a few of the rules laid down by the BJP-ruled Government of India. The Khasi Jaintia and Garo Hills should stand together. one to fight against such laws which cannot be accepted by the people.
The Minister said this decision is evident from the 60 visits of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to the North East since 2014, while his Cabinet has visited the North East. more than 450 times.
“In his speech, Swami Sarvabhutananda, Secretary Ramakrishna Mission, Shillong, spoke about the training of students.
Delip Jaswal said that the Minister of State (MoS) Home Affairs has visited and stayed for 20 days in Manipur. to take all necessary measures to restore peace and stability in the state.
The five MLAs will be welcomed by the National President of the party, Conrad K Sangma, who is also the MP of Tura. .
Although several meetings of the ASHAs under the umbrella of the Meghalaya Asha Workers Union (MAWU) with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, the group has not been able to respond. to render a decision on their points of claim.
This was announced by Arristone Thabha Vice President of KSU Mawprem Circle.
Only the CoV will be the authority to verify the right of market vendors to sell in the identified areas.
In his speech, the Union Minister of State for Child Development said that the Hima in India have fought against the British to expel them from this area. In 1757, this battle was known as the Battle of Plassey.
The deceased are identified as Rosemary Bamon, 26, Sani Bamon, 8, Anita Bamon,
“This means that through the PM Ayushman Bharat Health Infrastructure Mission, there will be a platform for service delivery from health care to research in all parts of the country,” he said.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, attended the funeral of Clement Marak, who was also a Minister of State.
On the other hand, the teachers should check the plans of the students from time to time.
Also present on the occasion were the village officials, Asha, Aganwadi and residents.
The training was conducted in collaboration with the National Sample Survey Office, Field Operations Division (NSSO), Regional Office, Shillong, Ministry of Statistics and Program Implementation (MoSPI), Government of India and Byrnihat Industries Association.
Samla Twinklely said that she went to take part in the competition on the 2nd of June and she said that her journey was difficult because the competition was held for the She had to sing in Hindi so she didn't lose hope and won the Best Performance Award for the Infian Talent Fight Season.
Senior officials of the Ministry of Home Affairs, Assam and Meghalaya attended the meeting.
There were 12125 students who took the examination without taking the test, 11978 students who came to write the examination, 6301 students who passed and 52.60%.
The Iewduh, which is one of the largest markets in the state, will soon become one of the new markets to attract tourists after the Government has allocated T .50 crore, said the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, while speaking on the budget on Tuesday.
This is not the first time that vehicles have been involved in a traffic jam in Pamphyrnai but every time there is a competition, this happens.
Sabita D Sangma from Garo Hills said that the JVK is fighting to dismiss the employees of EMRI by transferring those from Garo Hills to Khasi Hills and those from Khasi Hills to Garo. Hills this process causes people to resign from the industry.
For without writing nothing can be done.
The 2nd Inter Hima Samla Kur Knockout Football 2016 was played between Kurkalang and Khongsngi 5-4 in the penalty shootout. .
Shillong, Naitung 27: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) today met with Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). the need to strengthen the laws of the Dorbar Shnongs to curb the illegal entry of foreigners into the villages.
Furthermore, the MSOA has handed over to the Wrestling Association of Meghalaya to send the wrestlers for the Belt Wrestling.
He said that they don't want to talk about the recruitment policy in the government, but if the companies in Jaintia Hills and Byrnihat cannot provide jobs to the people of Meghalaya, what good will it do them? in this state if you don't have the benefit of the youth of the state.
The Meghalaya Lokayukta has also sent a notice to the complainants that the hearing of the complaint has been fixed on 23rd November, 2024 at 2:00 pm.
Speaking at the public meeting, Titos said that Mawmluh Cherre Cement Limited (MCCL) has been standing on the basis of the fact that the government should run the factory itself. the industry cannot manage how it will manage the rest of the state.
On the other hand, the MMOEA said that Dajied came to Nongjri area because of poverty and it is sad that such an incident has happened. whoever is pleased to release this young man immediately.
Regarding the preservation of our own culture, he said the government will set up training centers in all the blocks to teach how to preserve our traditional music.
The CAG report also criticized the Meghalaya Mining and Geology Department for the inability of the Meghalaya Mining and Geology Department to cancel the lease of these forests for mining shun and also to fine these companies which violate the rules. the MoEF in violation of the Forest (Conservation) Act
The residents of Langpih area from Meghalaya and Assam have protested that if the 60 meter dam is built, it will flood 25 villages in the area which fall under these two states. Meghalaya and Assam.
With the nomination of three candidates by the KHNAM, the Congress has nominated Highlander Kharmalki and the NPP has nominated Pyniaid Syiem.
The library does not require membership and is open 24 hours a day.
Police have revealed that they abducted Monsing Sangma and took his life on the same day. you are in the field of money.
Forest; November 27:The Consecration of the Holy Priesthood I Dn.
to provide funds for the repair of 15 Village roads.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: Santa Sharma has lodged a complaint with the police that a man named Parashu Ram Deka has raped a 10-year-old girl.
The SDMA, after receiving the warning from the IMD, has informed the public through all media to urge the public to be vigilant during this rainy season to avoid any injury.
In the past few days, political party leaders, BJP and UDP leaders have met with Dr Lapang and during the meeting they have expressed that if he you can work with them.
The Leader of the Opposition, Dr Mukul Sangma, in his speech, expressed the greatness of Dr Donkupar Roy because he doesn't turn away, but he is the one who has been betrayed and has the answer to what has been said. discuss.
The government has issued an order on 18th November 2022 that 157 teachers have been disqualified from working in the government. shawei spirit is forward.
For the reasons witnessed in the past years, the Seng has urged the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to ensure that if the youths who are Khasi or Garo, if they are able to enter or reach the hospital, Open Category, Such students should be included in the Open Category, so that other students from the reserved categories can also participate in the categories allocated to them.
The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has asked the Government of Meghalaya, the SDO of Sohra Civil Sub Division, the Minister in charge of Land, the MLA who is the Speaker of the The Legislative Assembly, whether your MLA has been involved in violating the Land Transfer Act.
This is happening all over the world and even in India, the reason is due to the widespread destruction of forests.
We have to monitor this and we have to ask for clarification from the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh,” said Bah Marbaniang.
The Seiñ Kur Dkhar has accepted their request and promises, and for this reason, the Seiñ Kur Dkhar has not yet taken any action. but it shall look into what they have promised together with the writings before it.
In West Jaintia Hills, a ceremony was held at Syntu Ksiar at the place where the statue of Kiang Nangbah was erected. phlang as a covenant.
The program was honored by the annual cultural fair, which started on Ram Navami.
Dr War said that out of the 38 people who tested positive for COVID-19 today, most of them are those who work in the market, those who sell jhur in the market and those who go to work in the shops selling clothes and bill build ing.
Shillong, Nailur 13: The Assistant Inspector General of Police, Bah GK Iangrai, today said that the Byrhinat Police Out-Post in Ri Bhoi District has been temporarily closed due to the confirmation of a positive case of COVID-1 -19 positive.
Shillong, July 11: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Thomas A Sangma today received the resignation letter of Saleng A Sangma as MLA from the 56th Gambegre (ST) Constituency, West Garo Hills District. .
Only 26,629 thousand out of 51,280 students from 656 schools passed the SSLC examination held at 157 centres.
It is also recommended to provide a 4-digit code to pharmacists before receiving the vaccine.
The award winners were Ibadalin Kharbuli, Alisdora Kharkongor, Bandlala Kharkongor, Welkin Stone Shadap, Glorify Kurbah, Ferddy Banteilang Jyrwa, Kynsai Kharmawphlang, Daphilahun GH Wahlang, George Wahlang. , Bony Brodson P Warjri, Wallam Jingsuk Khongshun, Kampherika Thangkhiew, Robinson Jyrwa, Christopher Wahlang, Ryan Nongkhlaw, Aiborlang Kharthangaw, Mordekai S Kharpuri, Jonathan Ïawphniaw, Donbok shabong, Gabriel Jeffernel Jyrwa, Samlaap Samluy Pnllu Lumwein, Seng , and the Spring of Hope Children's Home.
Now it's up to the Congress party if they can nominate educated candidates who don't have any writings they will do well. People from above look down on the Congress but they will be surprised. candidates success will be more than they think.
We are still fighting against the terrorists.
Shillong, Naiwieng 09: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, today said that all the Parliamentary Secretaries have resigned and he has accepted their resignation. Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma.
The apology was made after the spread of a controversy between her and the Rangbah Shnong of Lumdaitkhla, regarding the Cherry Blossom Festival to be held at Lumdaitkhla. village without your permission.
“We urge the Dorbar Shnongs of Madanriting to take action like the Dorbar Shnong Madanriting has taken a decision in which it has exercised its powers properly as a Dorbar Shnong and has not done anything wrong. The Election Department has not listened to the Dorbar Shnong, and the Dorbar Shnongs should not just obey what the Election Department does from time to time, but should show their authority as the Dorbar Shnong where the whole nation recognizes. and respect the Dorbar Shnongs and the Village Authorities to whom the people have given strong powers.
The HYC feels that this issue has been neglected and if there is any problem, the HYC is ready to hold protests in accordance with the rules and regulations.
Speaking to reporters, Samborlang said that his reason for contesting the election is to provide a clean and transparent governance and he admitted that he has received the support of the people. The people of this constituency.
The portal also allows students to receive training in Yoga, Values ​​Education, Personality Development and Drawing.
Referring to the allegation of illegal coal trade, Sanbor said that the handover of the coal that is still on the ground to Coal India Limited should be expedited as soon as possible.
New Delhi, Jymmang 08: A group of youths of the North East Students' Organization (NESO) today met with the Prime Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Manmohan Singh at his residence in Delhi.
The restrictions under this proposed QCO include, The Group will not publish online reviews from people who have been collected with the intent to have a bias.
He said that he has informed the Ministry of Jal Shakti many times to resolve the issue.
Other office bearers of the party were retained as they were.
The main point he mentioned was the incident at Jallianwala Bagh, Amritsar (1919) which reminds us that the unity among the Indians regardless of religious or ethnic differences shocked the British rulers.
The journey will focus on many areas related to critical thinking for change.
Mayralborn Syiem from Nongpoh, Jason S Mawlong from Umsning and Mawhati MDC Charles Marngar said that the petition was submitted to the MP and MLAs.
Shillong, July 26: After the opening of the dorbar of the Khasi Hill Automobile District Council today, journalists met with Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). The opposition has not yet reached the end of the Dorbar.
The union urges the government employees to join hands with the union in their struggle not to go to work on the 23rd and 24th of this month.
Speaking to reporters at the party office in Lachumier, he said that Dr Mukul Sangma has wanted to criticize the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government from time to time. explain outside and even inside the synagogue.
During the meeting, the Minister said that he will look into the incident tomorrow after talking to the officers in charge of the matter.
“The Founder President of the Khasi Jaintia Deficit School Teachers Association (KJDSTA), Babu Teibor Shanpru, is still alive. .
He said that usually it takes years to prepare a vaccine but here, in a short period of time, not only one but two vaccines manufactured in the country have been released.
From the Xerox report received from the elders, it is clear that the KHADC has already paid T.35,25,039/- tyngka and the problem in this area is 11,750.13 feet square.
In this regard, several meetings have been held with the Ministry of Agriculture, the Ministry of Food Production and other government departments involved with the farmers to discuss how to improve the situation. to trade problems.
I have suggested without delay that the officers should immediately issue a correction to correct this mistake so that the youth will not lose their rights,” said Bah Nongrum.
During the meeting, MP Agatha Sangma and MLA Subir Marak thanked Dr. Karaduba for taking the time to visit the area and listen to the concerns of the people and some of the issues in the implementation of the schemes and also promised to do whatever is necessary to resolve these issues and work with the Central and State Governments.
Also present on the occasion were the Vice President 7-Village Congress Circle and other members and guests.
All the leaders of the Central Trade Union groups said that this will bring about a major change for the welfare of the non-government employees who are also the builders of the nation. Shillong, Nailar 26: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Shillong, Nailar 26, 2013, urged the groups of employees in the states to give their full support to this good work of promoting the names of employees on the e-SHRAM portal. Cornad K Sangma has convened a meeting of the Chief Executive Members of the three District Councils in the state to discuss the proposal of the Central Government to amend the Sixth Schedule.
According to information received, the construction of this market has started again, after the government has released the works, the people are eager to see that this work will be completed for the benefit of the people. market dwellers.
Police said the two Nigerians were arrested while they were searching a bus number ML05-M-1899 coming from Agartala to Guwahati.
The BSF has worked hard to curb the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh.
The leaders and members of the HYC Jatap Unit include President Pyndapbor Shongwan; Vice Presidents: Teibor Diengdoh and Bankyrshan Nadon; General Secretary- Pyndaplang Laitmon; Secretary- Mr. Lightmon and Mr. Rapmai; Sports Secretary- Starwell Phin and 20 Executive Members.
There were also expressions of concern regarding the number of students who came first from one center including seven students who scored 718 and one who scored 719 or all five. Two of the students who passed away were those who went for the examination at one Centre.
The Symbut Myntri Rangbah said that after receiving the information, the government will phone them so that the government can take the necessary action.
Shillong, Jymmang 5: The Government of Narendra Modi has appointed Kiren Rijiju MP from Arunachal Pradesh as Cabinet Minister in the Union Government. to the federal law department.
The elders of Seng Khasi had the honor of participating in the Conference where they engaged with elders from various countries representing indigenous faiths.
Meanwhile, Bah Daniel Wahlang from Mawsynram was expelled for campaigning against the party candidate from Mawsynram in the 2023 MLA elections.
He said that this special campaign will help in the development of the country.
“The Association has decided to continue the Social Media Protest and urges all AYUSH doctors and the public to protest against the Government's negligence in the AYUSH treatment in the state,” said the statement.
He highlighted the critical role nurses play in the often tense and fast-paced environment of the operating theatre.
Other speakers were Tura MP Conrad K. Sangma, Bokajan MLA Numal G. Momin, Cherak W Momin, Brigady N Marak, Samuel. Chief Executive Member, GHADC, Denang T. Sangma and other MDCs. Goalpara districts in Assam, he was the first Garo ruler to fight against the Dohlieh without bloodshed. He died on 27th July 1916 and was buried at Bakrapur Hill. of Christians and this area now falls under the state of Assam.
Shillong, March 05: The Special Police Force (SF-10), consisting of 223 commandos and 115 rangers, today took the Passing Out Parade. the special training over the past six months, and special training to fight insurgents.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Prestone Tynsong, Secretary to the Chief Minister, said that the government has already awarded the contract for the construction of the road from Umshing to Mawroh and the government will ensure that the work does not start. He urged the MLA and MDC to work together for the smooth running of the construction of this road.
Shillong, Lber 27: The Legislative Assembly of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today discussed the report submitted by the House Committee. The members of the House have decided to send the report back to the Executive Committee and will bring it back to the House in the next session.
On the other hand, the KSU urges the government to pay the outstanding salaries of all the employees which they should have received or else Khliehriat which is the head quarter of East Jaintia Hills District will become a dirty town. SS Niangti President KSU Khliehriat Circle SS Niangti President KSU Jaintia Hills District said that the council together with the council together with the The Municipal Board should take action and expedite this issue and if the government does not do anything on this issue, the union will not sit idly by and will not just watch especially in relation to the cleanliness of the morning and more. In the coming days, the union will meet with the authorities in charge of this issue to ask for clarification and to demand immediate implementation. to walk in other ways.
On the other hand, KHNAM condemns the arbitrariness and violence of the Secretary of 17North Shillong for his own benefit and for the benefit of some of his close friends.
The deterioration of buses beyond the boundary of this road in many parts, has affected the traffic of the people who should use this road.
She also informed that the Krishi Sanchayi Yojana has provided Rs 3 crore to 180 households.
Shillong, Nailur 12: U Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui on Tuesday said that four escapees from the District Prison and Correctional Service Jowai District have been killed in the bomb blast.
The government had tried to introduce the Bill in the last session but AGP MPs Biren Baishya and Kumar Deepak Das had rejected the Bill in the House.
In fact, Meghalaya is considered to be a forest-rich state, but when implementing the water supply scheme to households, it was found that many water wells have been destroyed due to the widespread deforestation. to protect the future generation there is a need to preserve the trees.
The people were so happy that they didn't think that the church would build a house for them.
At the same time, we pray that this New Year will be a bright and prosperous year in all aspects and that the nation will enjoy prosperity, peace and health. .
In his speech, the Principal of St Edmunds' College, Dr Sylvanus Lamare said that 97% of the students who have passed in the 3rd year have held 74 positions. Electronics and Environmental Science have passed 100% and he hopes that this will continue.
Speaking to reporters in the presence of CEM Titosstarwell Chyne, he said that they will not be sent to find out whether they are in office or not. investigation has to be done to find out the truth.
To prevent the stay of people in the state, in terms of the rules of the Meghalaya Safety and Security Act, the government will issue a government notice before 15th November and on The rules will be announced on the occasion of the Independence Day of India.
As the weather is expected to rain, MePGDCL will have to release the water from the Umiam Dam. If the water is released, there will be a sudden increase in the water level in the river. Umiam, the residents have been advised to be vigilant not to stand on the banks of the river or to work near the river.
At the same time, he also informed about the many schemes that the government has to do for the people.
The Principal Secretary said that 44 applications have been received for the Transit Pass, but due to the introduction of the Model Code of Conduct, the mid-term elections have been postponed.
The father said that Kitboklang left home on Saturday with his friends but did not return home but it was not until Sunday that his body was found. a forest near this village with signs of mong on its face.
The investigation into the incident is ongoing to identify others involved.
Later one of my teachers had to go to RBP Secondary School Nongpoh to study B.Ed, so I had to help her for ten years.
On this occasion, u Lyngdoh Sad said that today's women have appeared and progressed even in the society compared to men although in the field of work women have become more skilled.
He said that after this meeting, the party will go to different blocks to prepare for the MLA election.
However, after the expiry of the three months requested by the family members of Ramesh Dkhar, if it is found that they have not done as they promised before the Seiñ Kur Dkhar, the Seiñ “We will not hesitate to take a strong decision against them,” said Teras Dkhar, President of the Dkhar Kur Association.
The Government of Meghalaya on 19th November 2019 has approved the implementation of the ILP in Meghalaya and the decision of the House has been sent to the Central Government which has not yet approved the ILP. decide.
The drive for development and the determination to bring benefits for the people is strong in our two countries.
The Association has encouraged the youth to continue their preparations for the Zonal and National Championships. .
The union urges the government to release the rights of people with disabilities in the state.
The Shillong College football team represents the East Zone of India.
Shillong, November 26: The Seinkur Langstang, Suiam, Swer today held a march at Rtiang village, the hometown of Manti I Langstang, West Jaintia Hills District. They killed and raped the schoolgirl who was also a child.
Shops selling food items and shops selling agricultural products registered with the government will be open on these days.
The lack of indigenous people in various departments of the State Government has caused a lot of problems because people who come from other states can run and do whatever they want. They don't understand the problems and challenges we face as a nation.
Working President of the party Deborah Marak, while talking to SP News Agency, admitted that there was a meeting between MPCC President Bah Lapang and AICC President Sonia Gandhi today. They said that Bah Lapang will return to Shillong on the 26th of this month.
The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement Nongkhlaw Circle today held an awareness program at Wah Khri, Nongkhlaw where the fish were released. This is up to 5 quintals.
They also urged the Prime Minister to lead the delegation to meet the Union Home Minister on this issue.
In his opening remarks, Mr. Kobarnes Tlang, who conducted the meeting, said that this shop is like a rynsan and the farmers will be able to sell their products.
In the last five years alone, seven airports have been built in the region.
The estimated cost of this project is T.27.30 crore.
At this meeting, the Cabinet also approved the Meghalaya State Sports Policy 2018. The policy was approved after a streamlining of many aspects of the policy.
Shillong, June 24: The Deputy Speaker of Meghalaya, Timothy D Shira today inaugurated the two-day session of the National E-Vidhan Application (NEVA) at the Annex Hall in the Assembly. Members of the Legislative Assembly and officials of the Government of Meghalaya.
Deputy CM Prestone Tynsong, NHAI PIU, Shillong and DC office have been informed several times.
Shillong, November 14: Since 2006, the World Health Organization and the United Nations have decided to celebrate Diabetes Day on the 14th of November every year.
Tura, July 25: Four traders were abducted by militants at Kantanagre village under Dadenggre sub Division in West Garo Hills this morning.
When the Government tried to collect taxes and mushlia and traditional beliefs, the people of Jaintia Hills were filled with hatred against the foreigners.
However, he said that the election has gone smoothly in the state without any incident. This congratulations goes to all those who took part in the election. a continuous lexicon.
The Prime Minister said that in the past many lives have been lost due to the poor condition of the road, but now the government has done its utmost to turn these bad roads into roads. at the same time the government is working to provide better and more adequate health services to the people.
This is the first time that the value of Khadi and Village Industries has exceeded T 4 lakh crore and has created more than 4 crore jobs in Khadi and Village Industries.
After committing the crime, the perpetrator also took away T.7,620/- tyngka and a mobile phone from the girl along with a byrngem byrsit and committed suicide. Shillong, November 08: The announcement by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma to increase the salaries of teachers in Higher Secondary Schools and Secondary Schools has angered the teachers who teach in Higher Secondary Schools and Secondary Schools. Lower Primary and Upper Primary Schools do not receive the same rights from the government.
Sangma said the construction of Patharkhmah College is nearing completion and the remaining works include the completion of the water supply system and other minor projects.
Public vehicles passing through the National Highway-6 from Umïam to Shillong have been hit by heavy traffic jam from Umïam to Shillong due to the start of repair of the Damsite Bridge which has started to collapse and endanger the road. Vehicles had to drive only on one side of the road to cross the Umïam Bridge.
The meeting was conducted by KSUP Chairman Rast Thabah, KSUP Leaders Erwin Sutnga and John Kharshiing. to return this land to Meghalaya.
Members of the KSU together with the Barak Valley Khasi Jaintia Welfare Organization (KHAWO) have met with the police in charge of Laia Police Station on receiving this information. in the family of the abducted girl.
To resolve the issues, the powers of the Regional Director have been increased from T.5 lakh to T.25 lakh under Section 441 of the Act.
The cause of the fire is still unknown but police are conducting an investigation to find out the cause of the fire. and the house shall be destroyed in a moment.
It is learned that the school was founded in 1965 by Bah Mohan Massar, but because of the success of the school, many people came to enter the school. new house hopefully the children will come to join to learn at this school.
In the women's category, Ralinda Marbaniang won first place, Smarless Marwein came second, Ibameri Shullai came third and Kmoin came third. Wahlang, who is 70 years old, has reached the fourth position.
“The Government of India has honored him and has erected stamps to honor him, while the District Councils in KHADC, JHADC and GHADC have not honored him on this day,” he said. He added that this shows that we don't respect this great man who led the way to protect the Khasi-Pnar people.
The annual cleanliness drive was attended by the elders, mothers, fathers, young men and women as well as children. which was built for the families of the parakur parakha, as a sign of remembrance of them.
The campaign was to show support for the party candidate Roynath D Sangma from Barabari constituency. Also present on the occasion was the MLA of this constituency, Esmatur Mominin.
Referring to the Umroi MLA's statement on the existence of counterfeit shallans, the Minister said that the existing shallans can be stolen by people to escape from the sale of shallans. The Government is now ready to build new shallans according to the present era.
The question we want to ask the Meghalaya government is, how much do these ad-hoc teachers have to suffer? Isn't it the duty of the government to compensate for the suffering of the prices of their products? The salary of ad-hoc teachers should not be increased two or three times in five years.
They arrested him in November 1862 and hanged him three days later.
The government has sent more police to the area to deal with any incident and to prevent criminals who want to take advantage of such incidents.
At various meetings of the RozgarMela, the meeting has been scheduled to be held tomorrow at 45 locations across the country to distribute 51,106 appointment letters to the newly appointed candidates.
The allocation for the 60 MLAs in the state under the SRWP scheme to implement their work in their constituencies for the year 2017-2017 is Rs 2 crore and also for for the fiscal year 2017-2018 is also Two crore.
“As a party, we don't have such a statement, what we hear is only in Hamsaia. He said that the cabinet in this state has only 12 members and we can't get more than that,” he said. .
After the screening, smart cards will be issued to the people in their mother tongue which will enable them to understand whether their children in the future may get sickle cell disease.
The Northeast Wing of POWERGRID has worked hard for the smooth running of this programme.
He said that the factory department has had the opportunity to check the documents, to see that the owners of the land, the villagers have given their approval on the part of the leader can not challenge, but the allegation that you have nothing to do with benami.
We expect that in our state too, it will be the same and the BJP will rule one day and you will see how much we have lost in the past years.
When it comes to the North East, India is indigenous, Meghalaya is indigenous and this is the first time that he has come as the head of the Niti Aayog to this region. the nature of the nation.
Anyone can support the fight against smuggling at the border by providing information to the Customs Department.
Registration for those who wish to participate is, they can register.
I am pleased to say that India's economy will also reach new milestones.
The Governor praised the theme of his speech “Peace, Unity, Nature” which has to do with religion and mankind these are important in being a human being. person.
“We urge the office to arrange for this by issuing an advertisement and calling for an interview so that the youth can get the opportunity to compete for the interview.
It is for this reason that the Ministry of Labor in 1996 has directed the State Governments to set up Welfare Boards for the employees in which the employees will be included in the Regulation of Building and Other Construction Workers. Act, 1996 and all the benefits of employees are included in this Act.
Shillong, November 13: The Education Department of the KSU Students Union (KSU) under the leadership of Raymond Kharjana, Education Secretary and Samla Reuben A. Najiar, Assistant Education Secretary, KSU Parent and other members met with the principals of the two schools.
: the meaning is not ryngkhi within any rank; it is the highest Kynrem.
As doctors, we are sad that such things are happening more and more in India, that if a patient dies, it is because the doctors have done wrong, and they injure them to destroy, and destroy the hospital.
In Tura, Agatha was defeated by Congress candidate Saleng A. Sangma who won by 1.55 lakh votes out of 6.74 lakh voters.
venues were linked to the Mela during the speech of the Prime Minister.
“There has been a demand from the people to include the Garo language in the Khyrnit Baphra and the officers of the Ministry of Home Affairs have agreed to include the Garo language in the list of languages ​​for approval,” he said. said Agatha.
Khliehriat, Naitung 29: The East Jaintia National Council (EJNC), one of the political parties under the umbrella of the CoMSO, has strongly condemned the Assam Police for their violence from time to time in the border areas. between Meghalaya and Assam.
KHNAM Ribhoi said that the Infiltration Check Gate Byrni has turned into an infiltrator gate.
Get off motorcycles or agricultural vehicles that can cause fires and explosions.
Shillong, Naitung 23: 73 years ago, the first Minister of State of India, Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, visited the Khasi Hills. January 1 and 2,
The Dolloi and Sirdarships will meet on the 4th June at 11 am at Lumjingsuk, Demthring, Shillong to discuss these issues. upon these letters, and other matters.
In his speech, the BJP leader urged the members of the party to work hard as there is still a lot of work ahead of the party. this can be done with everyone’s cooperation.
He said this at a press conference today, on the eve of the 10th International Day of Yoga.
This government does not belong to the people but it sees that it is the government of only a few powerful rulers.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The Rotary Club of Orchid City today celebrated a day to honor those who have improved in their work at Hotel Heiga.
The total number of people who have tested positive for COVID-19 since the outbreak has reached 96688, the total number of recoveries has risen to 95010 and the total number of deaths has risen to
Others who attended the ceremony were the King of Belgium, the Deputy Prime Minister, the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Belgium, the Chairmam of the Rajeev Gupta, Union Minister Dr. Shashi Tharoor and other government officials.
In 2020, the Ministry of Agriculture has attempted to enroll Khasi in the Khasi-Jaintia Category when their marks have to enter the Open Category to study B. .Sc.
The Garo Hills Party has strongly condemned the VPP for turning the issue into politics but has not brought back clear and truthful information to the people.
He said that through the Indo-Nepal Friendship Treaty 1950, the influx of people from Nepal to Meghalaya has increased which has been witnessed so far in Shillong and the border areas even though Nepal is thousands of km away from Meghalaya. .
On the other hand, the ANVC spokesperson said that the ANVC has expressed its readiness to grant the demands of the ANVC. demands they perceive as difficult to grant the organization withdraws them.
It has been requested from the Khasi Himas, Raids and Villages that we will not allow foreigners and foreigners to decide our land and the boundaries of the Khasi Himas.
In his speech, Bah W Kharphuli, in charge of the education department of the university in voluntary activities, said, the important thing is how to change the mindset of the people in it is with the women.
The union also recalls the murder of a 45-year-old woman from Donaskur village, East Jaintia Hills District which happened in the past few months. At the same time, the union has complained that the police have not yet arrested the robbers involved in the murder of the woman.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: Three MLAs today sent their resignation letter to the Assembly Secretariat requesting that they resign from their posts as MLAs. He has joined the BJP to contest the MLA elections in
However, what surprised them as parents was that the government did not listen to their requests.
Shillong, Naitung 26: The BJP President Shibun Lyngdoh today clarified that the North East Democratic Alliance (NEDA) is not a political party but only a group to discuss development issues. After the BJP came to power, there was a need to have a group of MLAs to speak in the Houses. NEDA has now opened its office in Guwahati, especially Meghalaya and Mizoram where the BJP does not have MLAs. All the ethnic groups in the North East do not send their resources to the Central Government through this group.
Regarding the constant light outage, this has affected the students who are preparing for various examinations especially for Class X and Class
During these days, the participants will be taken to various tourist attractions and the main one will be the Rih Dil Lake, in Myanmar this lake is in the shape of a human body. where the ancients believed that when a person dies he goes to this place.
On the opening day of the meeting, the illegal activities on the border between the two countries were discussed. , Gold, Drugs, Counterfeit Money and discussed the issue of illegal mining and other development projects.
However, the Government of India should also take action to grant us our right to ILP so that we can protect ourselves from being overwhelmed by the foreigners in our own country and state.
Mutual respect should be in all aspects, whether in the family, neighbours, in any group and community and especially in society as a whole.
All four candidates who have filed their nomination papers have completed their nomination papers.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah R Blah said that it is true that today they have sent a letter to the government not to take part in the meeting to discuss the issue. The Bill of the Government will be launched by the Prime Minister tomorrow.
Shillong, Lber 01: Contract teachers appointed by the government today staged an indefinite strike at three places, Shillong, Tura and Jowai. shall be cut off from the work of teaching.
The delegation of responsibilities to the districts has helped in the fight against COVID-1
Members of JACATAM were urged to meet with their MLAs and MDCs in all places and demand from them to speak out on this issue as they have been elected. MLA for the purpose of looking after the welfare of the people.
“We should not be slaves of money in this 2013 election.
Shillong, Nailur 09: The Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya today on the opening day of its session commemorated the death of nine Members of the Legislative Assembly of the country who have passed away.
On the other hand, the village of Umsawkhwan in this regard, said that it is the authority of the village to the former MLA to do whatever is necessary in this regard and the village has done. they have won the case twice.
Shillong, June 05: U Bah John F Kharshiing today sent his resignation letter from the post of General Secretary and Vice President of the Congress party to the President of the MPCC, Dr Celestine Lyngdoh. This is a great loss for the Congress party because of the upcoming MP elections.
Police in East Jaintia Hills have also arrested two persons and seized two vehicles, one number AS-11T-1645 and one number ML05-N-9 Two mobile phones were also seized from them.
This discussion clearly shows the maturity and maturity of the leaders of the PDF party, as a former leader he gave a responsibility in their service to the constituency they lead and also to the state. whole.
At the same time, he said that the people should cooperate with MeECL. Others who attended the meeting were D Phawa ADC who conducted the meeting, L. Kharkongor who is the MeECL. Chairman of the Consumer Grievances Redressal Forum, Bah SJ Laloo, Ombudsman of the Commission and many other dignitaries were present on the occasion.
Shillong, Nailur 03: Hundreds of Tripura residents of Meghalaya today held a march in Shillong to protest against the bloodshed. on the 23rd of last month in Agartala.
Jowai, Jymmang 30: The KSU Laskeiñ Circle congratulates all the students who have passed the SSLC and HSSLC examinations this year.
Regarding the election of Pala as President of the party, it should be recalled that Pala has been a Union Minister and has won the MP election three times in a row despite the party's presence. In the shortage of MLAs, it should be understood that he is not from Delhi but from this state.
In a statement sent to the media, HITO President Bah Donbok Dkhar said that the HITO strongly opposes the MLMDF led by SK Choudhary to hold a protest against the incident. Two foreigners killed in Ichamati, Shella.
Like the Rohingya, the Kuki-Zo have suffered persecution and violence by the Myanmar military and have become refugees.
The Vice President of India, Venkaiah Naidu, has expressed his deep sorrow and grief over the tragic incident in which the Chief of Army Staff of India, along with his wife, passed away. my condolences also go to the families of those soldiers who lost their lives in this tragic incident.
Strings for CP 8.
He said that on the 9th of this month, a farmers' dorbar bah will be held in Tura.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: Ka Arusha M. Sangma has lodged a complaint with the Laitumkhrah Police Station that on the 26th of this month, a man who identified himself as Kunal Ch Momin, has been arrested. You can pay T.5 lakh per phone.
ADB officials, PWD building department, village officials were present to witness the handover of the new school building to the management of the school. Welcome speech was delivered by Principal Dr R Bhattacharjee and the meeting was conducted by J Goswami Vice Principal.
Shillong, March 15: At about 7.20 pm today, people who covered their faces went to the Petrol Pump at Mawksing in Mawsynram and cleaned up the place. Sunjay Sharma, manager of the petrol pump, sustained injuries to his leg.
In his speech, the Minister said that the Viksit Bharat SankalpYatra is a campaign across the country to provide information for the full implementation of schemes of the Government of India in all rural areas and rural areas. place nearby.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: Police of Cantonment Beat House today at 11 am found the body of a man lying dead in Mawlonghat road near Iewduh.
He said that in order to do this, Aaykar Seva Kendras have been opened at 22 stations in the area.
Shillong, July 22: The Iewduh Market has reopened today after being closed for three months due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Two deaths have been reported from South West Khasi Hills and West Khasi Hills, bringing the total number of deaths so far to
This program encourages the participation of women in these discussions as they are the ones who know best the situation and needs of the family.
Aliewsen Ryngksai, Kit Ryngksai and Silius Lamin Gayang, Chief Executive Members of Darrang Elaka, said that they too do not want this project to go ahead immediately, to protect the lives of the people. Many people are still afraid of the current situation in relation to this disease.
Your Seng is the first to come with your suffering to endure the rain on the footpath for 2/3 hours to leave the benches and desks,” said the residents.
Replying to a question on the presence of the 11 Gorkha Regiment, the Home Minister said, “I cannot say what is inside Assam. I can say, but I can't say anything about Assam.
Therefore, the union urges the government to expedite as much as possible not only the work but also the operation of the mynder Entry & Exit points so that it will be a protection for the people from being overwhelmed by these people. mirror.
Bah Shylla urged the meeting to urge that it is very important to love one's nation.
He said that since the police no longer allow blue vehicles to enter Shillong, it has created problems for the owners of vehicles who have tried to stand on their own feet by taking money to buy commercial vehicles.
Shillong, Nailur 06: The President of the HSPDP, Bah KP Pangniang today welcomed Bah Good Leaderson Nongsiej MDC Nongstoin in the presence of Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar. MLA of Mawkyrwat.
There is now a new idea to bring in more lat to produce sustainable and sustainable employment opportunities in order to increase employment opportunities across the country, which are used in health. , Water, energy production and climate change.
The Seng understands that if this Bill is implemented, it will be a great threat to the minority communities in the North East as well as to the Khasi community which has only 13 lakh people.
One of the passengers inside the vehicle said that they had received permission to come from the police in charge of the traffic department. The vehicle was heading from Assam to Shillong.
To bring about peace and stability, the meeting decided to set up an interfaith forum, a group of all religions together with the District Administration to urge the people to be vigilant to ensure that Your peace and harmony will come to Garo Hills.
Because the aim is to gradually strengthen this plot to destroy India's independence in the belief in any religion or independent government without discrimination against any religion.
“The past years under your leadership and guidance have truly been a valuable experience.
The meeting was held in honor of the Vice President of the country.
The petition was signed by Sanbor Shullai and AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare in the presence of the President of the Meghalaya State Unit of the BJP. Bill 2016.
He said that the friend was rescued by people near the river.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The MLA of 17-North Shillong, Bah Adelbert Nongrum on Friday delivered 12,000 masks to the Dorbar Shnongs of the constituency. The time of the fight against the enemy of the world Covid-19, known as Coronavirus.
The Meghalaya Safety and Security Rules were issued in a government notice on the 14th of this month following the protests by civil society organizations in the state to curb the illegal entry of people who are outside this state.
He said the meeting with him was in Kolkatta where they discussed many issues, but his sudden death is a great loss to the state. earth.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: Police in East Jaintia Hills District have seized drugs worth T.10.6 crore in the past four days. East Jaintia Hills Police today seized drugs worth T.1.1 crore and arrested three drug traffickers and seized a vehicle worth T.1.1 crore. number ML05-X-7741.
Along with other Executive Members of FKJGP Mawnianglah Unit, the office bearers who were sworn in on this occasion were Bah Hopewell Kharkongor as President, Bah Pynshngainlang Nongkhlaw as President, Bah Pynshngainlang Nongkhlaw as General Secretary; Ferry Star Nongkhlaw, Assistant General Secretary Sharilang Kharnaior, Organizing Secretary Banteilang Warjri and nine other office bearers were also elected.
Those areas in Assam have quickly turned the Kupli River into drinking water because the water from these coal mines flows directly into the Kupli River.
These countries have not yet been able to eliminate for many reasons.
On the other hand, R.Lyngdoh said that this training has helped him to improve himself in the skills he did not have.
Police said that the clash in the area has been stopped and police have conducted an investigation. Police have sent three teams of companies to the area. to guard.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya at the opening ceremony expressed his satisfaction that Shillong has been able to host the International Tourism Mart for the second time.
PMs remarks at the G20 Development Ministers meeting via video conferencing on June 12, 2023.
It was only on the day of the march that the MACS office announced that they have appointed another team to replace VHAM and this new team will take over the work. VHAM staff who have experience in the field.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Hoping reminded the party that the foundation of the party is to protect its own people.
On 25th June 1971, in heavy rain at 3 pm, two Pakistani leaders broke into and shot Kilipara.
Shillong, Lber 27: Answering a question by Bah Gabriel Wahlang, the Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma, said that the government has taken measures to improve the quality of teachers. by approving the Meghalaya State Education Policy.
The Minister in charge of Industries has requested the money from the House to pay the four persons appointed under the Meghalaya Infratech Consultancy and Innovation Corporation.
“As of now, the World Health Organization has announced that a new virus has emerged.
According to information received, Tripash Sangma left his house in a Scooty (AS01-EA7149) with his son Master Moncembirth Marak to pick up the Scooty. A truck (NL01-AB-9291) belonging to Sunil Kumar Jha of Kamrup Assam collided with a scooty and a truck (NL01-AB-9291). Tripash Sangma was shot dead while his son was seriously injured.
New Delhi, Naiwieng 28: Renowned filmmaker and actor Rishabh Shetty took part in a media interview at the 54th International Film Festival of India (IFFI) in Goa today.
In his speech, Dr Jemino expressed his satisfaction that the party has set up an office for the youth.
Having electricity in every community, eliminating open defecation, eliminating homelessness, eliminating poverty, are goals we can achieve today.
The central theme of Tielarun has emerged from the stories and legends of the Khasi people, but it has not been explained in the story to be understood according to the society of today.
In this meeting, Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MSPB, gave many suggestions to them so that they can be of assistance to the people and the Government to collect important information (such as account summary) for the Government.
Because here they are talking about the court's order to the Meghalaya government to amend the Reservation Policy, which does not have any provisions to protect the tribes in Meghalaya.
Shops in Cantonment, Mawlong Hat and Paltan Bazar will be closed on Saturday while shops in Anjalee will be closed on Saturday.
Speaking to media at the MLA Hostel Hall, Hima said it is sad to know that the ADC of Jowai, Bah Shemi Laloo has been assaulted by the MLA Hostel Hall. and on the same day he was transferred from Jowai to Ampati.
The Rangbah Shnong said that on the 20th of this month, the Dorbar Shnong had gone to close down the factory on the grounds that the management had not been able to control its own employees.
In addition, he and VP Menonkila created the Standstill Agreements and Instrument of Accession which sets the rules and allows the rulers to demand changes.
At present, only timber trucks have reached this area, and trucks can only travel during the rainy season as there is only a timber road from the past.
The Shiv Shakti Point of the moon also brings a sense of connection with the Himalayas to Kanyakumari,” he added.
Shillong, Nailur 11: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Diengiei Circle under the leadership of Bah.
The appointment of Rohit Prasad as Headmaster of the University is T.75,040/- without payment of travel expenses and the appointment has been approved by the Executive Council. authorize the VC to appoint a judge.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Bah F Kharkongor, Chief Electoral Officer in charge of the Election Department in the state, said that the purpose of the meeting was to urge all political parties to look into the issue. and to assist in the registration of youth who have reached the age of 18 to 21 years to be included on the Electoral Roll.
The JAC said that this will seriously affect thousands of farmers in the area and those who earn income from tourism if the Wah Umngot is dammed.
Besides, the Engineer said that in Mawsynram, the JJM has not been able to build water wells or water tanks but only Top Ums have been built to enter the houses of the people. ," said Mr. Marbaniang.
The number of cases by district is 1, East Khasi Hills 76, North Garo Hills 4, Ri Bhoi 33, South Garo Hills 4, South West Garo Hills 6, West Jaintia Hills West Khasi Hills 2, the total number of cases is
According to a statement signed by the Secretary Home (Police), Bah Cyril VD Diengdoh, among the names of IPS Officers approved by the Employment Committee of the Union Public Service Commission (UPS) ) at the meeting held on 2nd June, 2024 and for the information of the public, the Governor has approved the appointment of Kong Idashisha Nongrang, IPS Officer from the Batch of 1992 who is currently holding Shillong, Shillong for a term of two years from 20th June, 2024 to 19th June,
Khliehriat, Nailur 19 : The Village Leaders and Members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District Unit have expressed their opposition to the request of the National Highway Authority of India to open the Toll Gate. The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has blocked the road while the National Highway-6 has not been improved.
“The face is something that is difficult to wear and all of us don't know it.
In the letter, he wrote that if the central government increases the tax on synsar, it will be a huge loss to the farmers of the North East and many farmers will lose their jobs. loud.
Speaking to reporters at the NPP office in Lachumierm, he said that the party is not against the purchase of sugar but against the price that the government intends to buy at a price that is too high. market, this is the expenditure of government funds.
Police have seized a taxi number ML05-M-7648 and seized heroin worth T.70 lakh from the suspects. T.4000 tyngka, three phones and three ID cards.
Many youths from Bangalore took part in the event to perform the traditional dances and songs of the Khasi people.
Shillong, Nailur 26: Ka Sougaijam Bidyalakshmi Leima, 18, one of the volunteers, has organized a cycle march to urge the people to stop the violence against women in the North. East.
According to the HYC leaders, the mother gave birth to a child after being admitted to the hospital for the second time. The mother gave birth this evening but the child died.
The election is not about the inability of the government to win the election but the victory is about the hard work that will help to win the election. The party builders should not be insulted but should say what they will do if they come to power.
The Post Office has issued a government notice regarding the language in the state, but the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in Meghalaya are still additional languages, so the language of work in Meghalaya has to be written. in English or Hindi.
On the other hand, the union wants the government to implement this training center for teachers.
On the other hand, the KSU Umlaper said that the people want to see a mobile phone ring and if the company cannot implement the tower, what is the point of installing this tower in this area?
The month of June was also the month to increase the quarterly return for Composition Dealers.
The 14th Children's Tournament of SKSR is also part of the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of the Children's Association, Mawkhar which was founded in 1969 and the first Children's Tournament. was held at this location.
The allocation of T.1000 crore for the year 2015-2016 has been increased to T.1.00 crore for 2016-2017 and T.500 crore for the year 2017-2 He will meet with the Union Finance Minister at the end of this month or in the first month of next month.
Shillong, November 09: The Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya will conclude the fifth session of the Legislative Assembly with a three-day session from the 11th to the 14th of this month. The general election to elect the leaders of the Sixth Legislative Assembly will be held in the last month of June.
Many farmers face anxiety when it is time to sell their crops, because the price of their crops has been reduced by the traders and the protests from time to time during the season. to sell the goods in the market.
The Union would have expressed its gratitude to the political parties for their willingness to think for the welfare of the students and for the smooth running of all the examinations.
The visit will be led by Agnes Kharshiing President of CSWO and Nehi Rapthap President of KWWADA. They urged the people to join hands in the protest to demand that the government should implement the demands of the people.
When SP News Agency tried to contact Dr Lana, who is in charge of the PHC, she could not be reached due to the lack of network. take action to ensure that this disease does not spread.
Speaking to reporters, Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, Sylvester Nongtynger said that after receiving a complaint from the Deputy Commissioner, they have registered a case with the Sardar Police Station. number 159(7) 2020.
While natural gas prices (Japan Korea Marker) have increased by 228% between July 2021 and June 2023, in India the price of CNG (Delhi Representative Market) has been limited to 83%. .
The Director said that a directive has been received until 1/12/2021 that those who have tested positive for COVID-19 should undergo the genome sequence to determine the type of virus. Three persons, four from Meghalaya and one from Assam, have recovered and are still in critical condition.
Chiliangraij Village, Jowai and Forest Wild Life, Division in the spirit of preserving and protecting the beauty of nature and the presence of wildlife such as shrieh who came to live in these forests today visited the These signboards have been installed to educate the public on the value of the environment.
Jha surrendered to the police on the orders of the Supreme Court of India.
The office of the District Child Protection Officer has informed that if no one comes to work, the office will not be able to provide a job. This will be if no one comes to work within two months. District Child Protection Officer, District Child Protection Union, Child Welfare Committee East Khasi Hills District,
: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, SC Sadhu on Tuesday imposed Section 144 CrPC against anyone who sets fire to forests within the border of East Khasi Hills.
“We wish him all the best to reach the goal of victory as he has been determined to serve the nation better,” said the statement.
Speaking to reporters after stepping down, he admitted that the NPP will win more than 31 MLAs in the 2018 MLA elections and can form a government in the state.
diesel, LPG, light bill and others are harmful and threaten the development of education in the State as a whole.
“Besides this case, Cleenstar Shabong is also involved in 10 criminal cases, in which he has been charged in only one case.
The farmers who are preparing to take part in the Meghalaya Farmer's Parliament to be held on November 4 and 5 have already prepared the questions to be put before various departments of the State Government.
Shillong, November 21: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today visited those injured in the protest in front of the Governor's residence to demand the implementation of the Inner Line Permit. state of Meghalaya.
India sees this as a new responsibility and international confidence in the country.
In the hospital category, the winner was the Sanitation Department of NEIGRIHMS. In the poster drawing competition, the winner was Barbie Kalita of Lady Keane College and Robinstar Ryntathiang.
Father John Madur in his speech said that the duty of women is to ask God through prayer. love, patience, righteousness, and righteousness.
Avoid non-metal structures and roofs made of tin and steel.
The group said that Patel is not only for Gujarat but for the whole country.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: The BSF on Tuesday said that the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh has spread from three districts, West Jaintia Hills, East Khasi Hills and East Jaintia Hills. The BSF has arrested seven Indians from near Dawki in Bangladesh. The BSF has arrested seven Indians from near Dawki in Bangladesh. West Jaintia Hills and 53 cows were seized from the trucks in violation of the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act.
Many of those standing in line, it is not clear whether they are from Nepal or other parts of India.
Referring to the peace and order, the Minister of Home Affairs said that the North East of India has become more prosperous and the number of tourists has increased and the government will now focus more on cleanse the safety mechanisms.
KB Chettri of Police Reserve, Shillong has lodged a complaint that Ajay Thapa, driver of a vehicle seized by the police, has assaulted him at Police Bazar on the 18th of this month. moon at night.
In a statement, the Managing Director of MMDSL, Ramkumar S, said that on receipt of the report from the State Warehouse, the batch no.
For the remaining three districts, Ri Bhoi District, East Jaintia Hills District and West Jaintia Hills District, discussions have progressed and it is hoped that soon they will be able to open their offices within the district. These three Districts are also the same.
The National Flag Guard comprising 32 officers and one officer from the Defense Force, Navy, Air Force and Delhi Police will take part in the Rashtriya Salute during the flag raising ceremony. of India by the Prime Minister.
He said that it is through their presence that they have been able to discuss better the GST Bill, the Compensatory Afforestation Fund Bill and it is through this Bill that the money has been allocated. to the state governments to plant trees and to improve the environment, he congratulated them for their contribution in many areas.
'SankalpSaptaah' will be held in all 500 Aspirational Block.
During the inspection of the Trading License, it was witnessed that out of the 44 shopkeepers, they had already closed their shops and this showed that they did not have proper documents regarding the trade in Majai.
–: means that it is full without passing through and escaping from anything.
He requested the government to allow the opening of jhur shops like khaw shops and pharmacy shops so that the market can be operated every day with strict compliance with the rules and regulations laid down by the the Ministry of Health.
On the other hand, the NPP has alleged that all these remarks of Dr Mukul Sangma are because he has understood that the Congress party has no place anymore.
Shillong, November 01: The BJP Meghalaya today announced that it has not taken any decision whether to contest for the post of MP from Shillong Seat.
The rally started from Hanuman Temple at Garikhana.
The surprising thing is that although the land owners have won the law in court, but some police chiefs, officials from the Pnar Hills have turned the land of the land owners into par and knieh shi syndon. your rights.
The Center is run by NIEPMD-Chennai, Department of Social Justice and Empowerment, Government of India.
govt.
On the 15th of this month, police have seized a vehicle number ML-05-L-8177 and after searching it was found to be carrying drugs.
The seizure of these drugs was held today 21/3/2024 in the presence of the officers in charge of the Drug Destruction Team from the Customs Office and the DRI. The purpose of the Customs is to complete the distribution of these alcoholic beverages in a proper manner for the safety and welfare of the people and this is to free India from the Drugs.
To register is easy if the mobile phone of the patient is registered with UIDAI using eKYC and if not yet registered patients should register as newly registered patients without Andhar and Patients will receive proof of registration by receiving an SMS to their mobile.
The number of TB tests per 10 lakh people has increased from 646 lakh in 2021 to 1433 lakh in
Through the introduction of the Look East Policy (LEP), the approach to neighboring countries.
All the arrested persons have been handed over to the police and a case has been registered against them.
Nongbri said that the man who lodged a complaint with the police that his daughter Sumi Sinha had been abducted by the contractors was not a resident of Kulang.
Referring to the NPP candidate, Ransom Sutnga, MDC Rambrai, he said that the 17-North Shillong constituency is the backbone of the state. said Ransom.
According to the DoT, there are 6459 villages in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Nailur 06: There are 16 new cases of COVID-19 in East Jaintia Hills, 1 in East Khasi Hills, 7 in Ri Bhoi and 1 in South Garo Hills. Garo Hills 5 cases, 80 cases.
There has been a strong request from the public to take stringent action against these Apps which affect the national identity and objectives as well as the personal privacy of our citizens.
On 18th November, police seized 100 kilograms of gold near Kathmandu Airport.
“I don't care if the national president of the BJP invites me, I'll go and meet him if he comes to Shillong”.
Speaking to reporters after inspecting the shelter, Kong Khapuri said that the shelter has violated the directive of the state government to close the shelter. Although the DCPO has been informed since November 2013, the owner of the orphanage has not registered under the Juvenile Justice Care and Protection Act. “It is not believed that the Act is to protect the children according to the provisions of the Act,” said Kong Kharpuri.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The construction of the Special Area Games (SAG) at NEHU by the Sports Authority of India (SAG) is something that needs to be mentioned. for as it stands the completion of this stadium will be far off.
NEHU also has a rule that those who have worked for more than 50 years should be given full recognition as employees of the university, but they don't want to ask why they don't want to be recognized. them as full-time employees.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Dr DM Thappa, Director of NEIGRIHMS, said that he has no information that there are any cases of Coronavirus in the hospital.
In the midst of this terrible incident in Israel, 27 Meghalayans have been forced to take refuge in Bethlehem.
Shillong, Nailur 01: A meeting between the civil society groups opposed to the road and those supporting it within the KHADC, after talking for less than three hours, reached a goal not to issue NOC. The road from Nongstoin to Wahkaji and from Wahkaji to Ranikor.
What is more encouraging in this small initiative is that it was recorded that there were about 36 (36) tourists from other states such as Na, and especially foreign tourists such as RiHa. There were 163 vehicles parked at one of the football grounds, Nongmadan Smit. According to the information collected, the Pomblang and Shad Hima Khyrim is a special day. The day is especially for him, as well as for the Khasi from other Himas and it can be said that the people express their identity and unity as a nation in this Pomblang and Shad Hima Khyrim.
During the meeting, the Chief of Army Staff explained to the Governor the work of the Army and its capabilities in many areas.
Ks JSU has demanded that the BSF should better patrol the border as there are many robbers from Bangladeshis who steal and destroy their kwai and other crops without permission. The JSU has also demanded the immediate removal of the BSF troops standing on the roads so that there will be peace inside and near the village and that there will be no tragic incident. .
There are 495 cases in East Khasi Hills, 419 cases in East Khasi Hills, 287 cases in BSF, 111 cases in civilians and 21 cases in Ri Bhoi, 41 cases in East Jaintia Hills. West Jiantia 8, West Garo Hills 15, South West Garo Hills 4, South Garo Hills 2, East Garo Hills 1 and North Garo Hills 1 case.
In his speech, Bah PN Syiem said that this is only the beginning and he will follow up and create opportunities in terms of development works as well as services to the people in the constituency.
On this occasion, the people of the Hima were present to witness the receipt of the Sanad by the Sirdar of the Hima, along with the family members of the Sirdar.
Speaking at the programme, the IMF stressed the importance of basing the discussion on the development of tax authorities on the basic principles for implementing international tax reforms. .
He added that the unique characteristics of the Khasi people are; 1) We have the same heritage which means from that Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum and the word 'Khasi' is a word that belongs to the children of Hynniewtrep.
“ For their safety traffic is stopped, when my paid child gets sick I have to take him to the hospital how can I take a baby in this population when 90% of the area has been “There are roadblocks for non-native vendors but they are all from Bangladesh and sell clothes with GST,” said Jhunwala.
He said that one of the most important parts of the NEP is to emphasize the teaching of the mother tongue in small classes.
The state, which has been able to host the tournament, is preparing to host the tournament with modern facilities and equipment for the games which will be brought in by ships from all over the world.
The NCAP, launched in 2019, aims to reduce PM2.5 and PM10 by 20-30 percent by 2024 in 131 cities that have not achieved clean air since until 2015.
At present, the Heritage Village, despite the cost of crores of rupees, has not been able to be built in the proper manner. form a special committee to look into the matter.
Gandhiji not only led us to the struggle for freedom.
Any private individual who owns water wells within the SWKHD should register immediately without delay at the office of the EE of the Water Supply Department in Mawkyrwat.
“On the other hand, the party does not agree that such committees should be at the Subdivisional Level as this will not bring about reconciliation between the Border Guard Force and the residents of the border villages,” he said. Publicity Secretary of WJSU in a statement sent to the media.
During the talks between the state government and the central government, it was promised to accept the request of the state government to turn this road from Mawphlang to Mawsynram to Balat to Ranikor as a National Highway.
Of course, criticism cannot be banned, but to take sides in criticism is something wrong.
On the same day, the delegation also met with the Doctor Incharge of the CHC, Dr.N.Diengdoh who said that he has already informed about the lack of space to break the ground. The garbage from the CHC to the higher authorities of the Health Department and requested for a proper garbage dump but the inability of the department to do what is necessary has prevented them from putting it inside the compound.
Because as the Seng has witnessed in the past years, many students of the state have to leave the state to study abroad due to the lack of percentage of students in the state. .
In his speech, Dr Sangma said that this is to allow the rulers to participate in development activities in accordance with the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
Blah said that the state government under the leadership of the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma has given its support to the district council to hold the Monolith Festival again not only to promote the culture and uniqueness of the people but also to promote the culture and uniqueness of the people. This festival will promote Mawphlang area in terms of tourism.
The rishotubalai will oversee the development of mechanisms to accelerate the filling of vacancies by startups in achieving the SDG goals or groups in need of attention to participate (such as women entrepreneurs). , persons with disabilities) – in activities suitable for all countries.
Speaking to SP News Agency, she said that the Congress Women's Wing is pleased that the party has elected Wansuk as the candidate for the Rajya Sabha Bye-Election. in India.
The total number of COVID-19 positive cases in the state has risen to 297 as of 5.00 pm.
He said that as leaders, it is the responsibility of each and every resident to instill the spirit in the youth so that they can stand on their own feet and also in many areas in the development of the society and economy.
Regarding the complaint against the Syiem of Raid Marwet, he said that they will investigate and after the hearing they will take action.
At this meeting, they discussed the salary increase which will be looked into by the Education Commission and the delay in the salary, which will be released every three months.
Furthermore, the KSU South West Khasi Hills District has warned other government offices especially in Ranikor Block to remain open on all working days. Ranikor Block should work not only for the personal gain of anyone but for the benefit of the people.
Answering a question by Gavin Miguel Mylliem MLA Sohra, Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, Head of Health Department, said that to upgrade the PHC to CHC, there should be 80,000 residents.
There are 68 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 59 cases from West Khasi Hills, 5 cases from West Khasi Hills and 4 cases from West Jaintia Hills. , the total number of recoveries is
The activities to be monitored under this campaign are, Raising awareness among women on the operation of water treatment plants and water testing stations, Promoting participation and participation through souvenirs and articles by SHG of women, Awareness and training to women on the AMRUT scheme and its assistance in providing water related resources. on water treatment systems, sense of ownership and responsibility, promotion of participation, empowerment of women's SHGs, social inclusion and foundation for future steps.
He said that it is necessary for the youth to take part in politics and the party will also hold an essay writing competition on the special state of Khasi Jaintia. “It's been a long time since we've been here,” said Bah Ryntathiang.
The Secretary of the HPC said that as it appears from the speech of the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma that the acquisition of the land should be completed within a day. The decision of Justice Sen on 15th October 2019 states that the title suits should not be filed against the land.
It also said that through his words, he is like a broker of the central government and the foreign authorities who have invaded the North East.
Shillong, Naitung 21: The Governor of Meghalaya has ordered to hold the election for the post of Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday 24/7/2
The office bearers of the forum include Eddie Murphy H Passah, Vice Chairman, Joshua Sajem, Secretary, Wympher Lamare, Joint Secretary and President. JSU General Secretary Jesrsom Shylla and JSU General Secretary Treiborlang R Suchen were the speakers of the forum.
“This statement of Conrad shows that he does not know the meaning of the Detailed Project Report (DPR) because in the DPR it is clearly stated that those who benefit from any land through social agreement or purchase they should provide the documents," he said.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Prestone Tynsong, has announced that those residents of Meghalaya who have returned to their homes and villages will have to stay. at home for 14 days without mixing.
Therefore, if only 20 lakh people flee from Assam and come to Bri U Hynniewtrep, it means that the Khasi have become low paid in their own country.
They were identified as Balkarin Ch Marak Co-Chairman of GHSM and Alprin R Marak. Police also seized a vehicle ML05-E-6 Shillong, Lber 30: The Additional Director General of Police (CID) of the Meghalaya government on Tuesday said that social media is a threat to the society. together, the availability of the internet is dangerous for those who use it in a bad way.
Therefore, we urge the Village of Mawsynram not to speak against us.
Nine issues were also discussed at the meeting including the IT Promotion Policy which is to create jobs for the youth.
On 10th November 2022, when the guard entered the third gate, the seven men attacked the guard and managed to escape by shooting the guards at the second and third gates as well.
This article has gone viral on social media.
C Khorkongor has been appointed as the Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District.
Police said that Bah Kharbuli is a member of the political party KHNAM. Police tried to arrest him on the day of the meeting in Nongthymmai Nongshiliang but he escaped. of the police.
Police have arrested the suspects from Mihmyntdu village, West Jaintia Hills District and the investigation is ongoing.
Revenue and Disaster Management, Excise, Social Welfare.
Here too, the farmers have decided to cooperate with the HFU to raise their concerns with the government authorities and others.
Shillong, July 11: Traders, job seekers and those who have to pay for jobs to the government who have to pay with shallans have faced problems due to the lack of shallans and vendors at the Shillong Bar Association.
Shillong, Naitung 11: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek today said that 47 people have tested positive for COVID-19 today, of whom 30 are BSF personnel and 17 were civilians.
Speaking to reporters, MBBA President Rohit Ranjan Das said that this is the first time from Meghalaya to be selected in such a competition. The party has been in existence for 44 years in the world.
Many other officials of the Bank, Bah DF War MD of the Bank, Bah WK Kyndiah Chairman of the Bank and the public who came to witness this memorable day at the Bank. MCAB's work. (SP News).
So far, the total number of people tested positive for COVID-19 has risen to 96643, the number of recoveries has risen to 94973 and the death toll has risen to
Speaking to media, Bah Synrem said the DGP has informed that the State Government is in the process of setting up a Special Team to investigate. only in connection with the seizure of drugs under the NDPS Act.
However, the police have found the body of the man dead in the Umiam Lake.
NEEPCO has sold 147.53 MW of electricity to MePDCL. If MePDCL does not pay the bill by 20/03/2021, it will have to suspend the supply of electricity to MePDCL, said NK Mao, Executive Director. NEEPCO's electricity supply in the letter.
Hek said this has nothing to do with the government, the elections run on their own and the government runs on its own, as a national party it has to nominate its own MP candidate. David Kharsati said the BJP has hope of winning the MP election because it is different from the MLA and MDC elections. he said.
Regarding the jobs, he promised that if anyone comes to the office to talk, he said he will try not to be biased, he said he understands that when he is in power he has to but the most important thing is that they are in this House for the people.
He said that this will help in the work without having to hide anything.
The Kaseng will take strong action against those who drink and those who come to sell bih without thinking about the future of the area.
Shillong, July 2: The total number of deaths from COVID-19 in Shillong today has risen to 24, with 2 deaths in East Jaintia Hills and 13 in East Khasi Hills. The death toll in the state has risen to 616 so far.
Robertjune Kharjahrin, General Secretary of the party, told SP News Agency that the three-day march started at 7 pm today. They will finish today at Mariang.
On the road connecting Mawlai Motsyiar to Mawlai Umjaiur, he said that due to the heavy rainfall, the contractors will start the work as about 70 percent of the road has been completed. all that remains now is to cleanse the colour.
Shillong, July 12: The recruitment for Mizoram youth will be held at the Rajiv Gandhi Stadium in Aizawl on the 15th of this month.
Valentina Shylla, UD Assistant, Jowaiu Howard N Arengh, UD Assistant, Water Resources Department, Shillong; The Khasi, Pnar and Garo people have performed songs and dances in this celebration of the 42nd Anniversary of the State.
Shillong, December 12: Amit Biswas, Director Travel and Tourism Bazar, Shillong, together with Roland Wahlang, Coordinator, Shillong, have said that they will hold a A three-day general information session for those who wish to travel during this rainy season.
The arrest was made after the BSF conducted a vigilant check on the movement of people in the border areas.
The Minister said that he understands that this is a time when everyone is facing difficulties, he urged everyone to be careful and when going to buy something there should be no hesitation to buy carefully.
Prestone said that the Quarantine Centers are not a place to live as they please. The delay in receiving the results of the RTPCR test is not because of the government but because there are too many. This has taken time to be patient as the government has a responsibility for the health of the people of the state.
Other speakers at the meeting were PN Syiem, who left the PDF and joined the NPP, where he said he saw that there were benefits in Conrad's meeting. for the eastern part of India.
During the meeting, they informed the Minister of Health and Family Welfare that there is a need to repair the government buildings at the PHC and to build a fence around the PHC. The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, has said that there is a need for a government health center in Nongshyrkon 'A' village which is located on the banks of the Rwiang River. hang.
“We demand that the Lokayukta office should have many members from different fields such as lawyers, members of the community and others.
: Police of Pillangkata Out Post and Umiam Police Station, Ribhoi District, on receiving a tip from the Eastern Command, conducted a raid at 9th Mile Baridua, Ribhoi District. They arrested a resident of Mizoram.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: The Speaker of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday announced in the House that there has been a motion of no confidence in the Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). Teinwell Dkhar and Lamphrang Blah of the Congress Party.
The PDF has already filed the nomination of Bah Morning Mawsor for the post of Dy Chairman of KHADC but it was withdrawn due to the lack of support from three MDCs.
“Therefore, in exercise of my powers under Section 144 CrPC, I am prohibited from standing within 1 kilometer of the Coke Plant. -law at Kyllonmathei, Shallang, West Khasi Hills District,” said the District Magistrate.
At the same time, he urged the people to follow the government's directives issued from time to time to prevent the spread of this disease which has affected the entire country, the state and the country. also to the villages.
All those who have exceeded this limit will be allowed to run as scheduled.
Shillong, March 25: Members of the KSU Umdohlun Circle under the leadership of Samla Aiciless Lyngdoh, General Secretary of the KSU Umdohlun Circle and accompanied by Samla Pauldeep Tongwah, Secretary Employment and Development Cell of the KSU South West Khasi Hills District. to raise awareness about the increasing shortage of electricity in the area and also to raise awareness on the need to provide electricity to the villages which do not have electricity yet.
Shillong, Nailur 29: The session of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will start on 27th March 2020 and will last for only two or three days.
Regarding the demand that the government should take over the operation of the 108 Ambulances, the agreement between the government and GVK Company will expire in
The total number of students who received this gift from the government is 2000 students.
The film will be released on June 21 or
We have to criticize because we know.
The evening showcased the richness of the culture of Meghalaya through the “Shad ShohKba” or the harvesting of agricultural products by the people of Jaintia, Bharatnatyam dances by the Geetanjali Dance Academy and music by Sur Nongkyndong. Orchestra.
The WSC, Indore was established in 1962 and operates from a rented premises.
Shillong, July 11: The Integrated Development Basin Development (IDBL) together with Pyrnai Village and school children today planted more than 20,000 trees in Pyrnai Village at a site donated by Bah Bise Khongtim.
Donlang Sohklet, Filed Marshal Mawphniang, RR Makdoh Ex-CEM of KHADC and other dignitaries from Ri Bhoi District.
It is for this reason that these village leaders have lodged a complaint with the DC regarding their problem with the PHE Department Jowai.
, the Taxation, Housing Department, Sport and Youth Affair Department, Excise Department.
COMSO expresses its gratitude to the 60 MLAs who have taken the decision to implement the ILP in the state, but the struggle is not over.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Bah Syiem said, “If these three MLAs from Ri Bhoi love the people, they should leave the government of Dr Mukul Sangma. , and if they continue to support this government, it means that they are not patriotic".
Police have taken the injured to the Civil Hospital for treatment.
The vehicle, which has the number plate of Assam, was registered as a Tourist Permit UBER. I don't want to go to Meghalaya.
They also wanted to know whether the Hima Khasi States were in contact with the authorities of the Government of India.
The Top Scorer title was awarded to two players, Testbor Thabah who scored three goals and Badondor who scored three goals.
On the occasion, Kong Regina expressed her gratitude to the KSU for the good deeds, she gave a happy smile and at the same time she thanked Kong Streamlet Kharbih for donating the a place to build a house foundation.
This includes the installation of a children's park and a gym inside the Cave Park to encourage the residents to stay healthy. .
He also urged the bank to cooperate with the government in conducting any training programs to improve their skills and knowledge in the fields of poultry farming, pig farming, fish farming and others to assist them so that they can improve their work.
To do this, the Central Government should implement the ILP in all the states of the North East.
The organizers of this public meeting should ensure that there will be no disruption to the traffic of the public, vehicles and school and college students.
Their awarding ceremony in Mumbai on the 28th of this month is an honor not only for their group but for the entire North East.
On receiving a tip, the fire brigade from Byrnihat Police Station rushed to the scene to extinguish the blaze. It took several hours for the police. put out fires until they can put out the fire.
This book is written by twelve different authors who have expertise and passion for the topics they have written about.
Shillong, July 26: Speaking at Polo today to mark the 75th Republic Day, the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan, said that through the Green Meghalaya scheme, up to 1500 villages have received assistance in the maintenance of forests.
Applications can be obtained from the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Mairang from 20th July, 2022 during office hours.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: The Hill Farmers Union (HFU) under the leadership of Bah Commander Shangpliang as President of the Central Body of Shillong Garo Hills.
KHNAM has expressed its dissatisfaction with this and urged the CEO of the state to suspend it because in the letter written to the Rangbah Shnong of Harijan Colony as this land is still available. In the absence of qualifications, to become Rangbah Shnong, you have to get a certificate from the Syiem of Mylliem Hima.
On this basis and with the concern to promote and preserve the Khasi language, the Seng invites the public to attend this public meeting as a sign of support for this initiative.
At the same time, to oppose the construction of the railway line while no laws have been passed to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners into the state.
Referring to the presence of the BJP in Ampati, he said it is not new. The BJP has been in existence since 1991 and in 1993 he contested the election and won as an independent candidate. The BJP has fought to establish the party in many parts of the state and has won some MLAs. “It's a good idea to have a job in this state. Those who speak should know and speak”.
Regarding this road, according to the public announcement posted on the village streets, the length of this road is 4 km and the construction has started since 4th June, 2012, but The contractor, Bah T Dorphang, has been suspended by the PWD department. (SP News).
Besides the drugs packed in 32 rounds, the HYC members also seized Ganja, Injection Thyrnia and Dendrite.
Shillong, Nailur 05: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) has received a complaint and accurate information from some residents of the village regarding the existence of a chemical factory. Shri.Petro Chemical Mercantile Pvt.
Speaking on the occasion, the President of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Eastern Border, Bah Blickstar Sohtun, said that they do not accept the installation of post bording electricity by the Assam government in Sabuda. The Government of Meghalaya has installed electric posts at Umsohlapher village.
As James K. Sangma is also the Minister in charge of many government departments and also the spokesperson of the MDA Government, it is the responsibility of the journalists to meet him to hear what he has to say. government thinks or has to do in relation to many issues of the state.
On the other hand, Dr PR Lyngdoh submitted a memorandum to the Chief Minister.
With this decision of the Cabinet, all non-residents of Meghalaya have to register themselves when they come to the state.
Shillong, March 15: The bodies of 10 children have been recovered from the Umngot River by the villagers of Shnongpdeng village today.
This is a special occasion for Yoga has become popular all over the world today.
In response to an RTI request by the ACHR, the Ministry of Home Affairs said that the President of India said that there are still nine cases of death sentence. who are sued.
The PBWA is now preparing to send a letter to the government as the work as it is now will not be completed by July.
In another incident, a youth named Teilang Iawphniaw, a resident of Nongrah, has tried to commit suicide by cutting himself from his neck.
Herbalists, pharmacists, pharmacists, including garment manufacturers, expressed their concern over the difficulty in obtaining herbal medicines and expressed the need to think carefully on this issue.
In the quarterfinal, Green Town Yuhua Taohuayuan of China scored three goals against Shillong in the penalty shootout. India scored four goals and lost the match.
After that date, the public will be able to attend.
Speaking at the meeting, Samla Pynshai Rani, Asst.Education Secretary, KSU CEC and President, KSU Tyrsad Circle, said that if the ILP is still their demand, it will take time. It remains only in the talks between the State Government and the Central Government.
He delivered a welcome speech and answered the questions raised by the participants.
The issuance of this order is part of the prevention of the spread of Covid-19 in the area and also to prevent the entry of people without proper information, whether true or false. They didn't shisha, because they were very angry with the Elaka.
During his visit to the accommodation, the Prime Minister wished all those who came to take part in the tournament in 23 different games to reach the victory.
The goals of PM POSHAN are to address two of the most common problems faced by children in the country namely hunger and access to education by increasing access to nutritious food for middle-class children classes Bal Vatika and I – VIII in government and government aided schools.
Selsella MLA Ferlin CA Sangma informed the House that there are 23 schools in Dadengre Civil Sub Division without teachers which should have 184 teachers and many school buildings have been destroyed.
