Speaking on the border issue with Assam, Umsning MLA Dr C Lyngdoh said that it is the fault of the ethnic parties that has brought about this. The Congress has tried to resolve the issue with Assam.
He said that according to the People Representation Act, parties are not allowed to make such promises and such a promise happened in Uttar Pradesh by the BSP to provide 300 units of light. Bah Ernest said that the party officials have already prepared a letter and will send a complaint to the ECI of India in “The people should ask what will happen if it doesn't come to power,” said the president of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit.
Eleven soldiers were also killed in the incident.
The government has decided to suspend the production of drugs in this area for three years and the drugs that are used in the area have been banned. part of the population was bought from abroad.
The COMSO Chairman said that they have been waiting for two months and as a group they are still thinking that as MLAs they will go to Delhi to present their demand for ILP after it has been adopted. a decision within the House to take responsibility, but they don’t see that.
Shillong, Nailar 02: The All Khasi Hills Chick Federation (AKHAF) on Tuesday met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and submitted a petition to him to express to him the deterioration of the roads to Ranikor. Maheskhola which falls under the districts of West Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills District.
On this occasion, the KSU also visited the banks which opened on this day and this behavior of the banks happens every time they open their offices on such days. Therefore, the party has gone to stop them.
Guwahati July 08: With the aim of protecting themselves, especially women in this age, the Nari Artha Samajai Samity (NASS) has launched a special training for women. come from poor families in the field of martial arts.
“If they get sufficient evidence from time to time, the departments of the Central Government will do their job and find out.
Sewing, repairing and printing of clothes and others in one place to reduce labor costs.
Shillong, Nailur 20: The Joint Action Committee of the All Teachers Association of Meghalaya (JACATAM) today decided to accept the directive of the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma to He met with the Chief Secretary of the State.
Shillong, November 15: The Shillong Chamber Choir, Shillong, has been invited to the National Assembly today to perform Christmas songs and present them to the President of India. CD of Christmas songs sung by this group.
Enhancing the capacities of tax authorities from developing countries is essential to ensure that international negotiations lead to a systematic tax structure, in accordance with the today.
Research has shown that clean water has prevented about 4 lakh deaths from diarrheal diseases and saved 8 lakh crore people's cost of cleaning water and treating diseases.
We have our own but we don't respect and despise it.
Regarding education, KHNAM has made it clear that this policy should not be used for many years without any clear authority. always in jobs and not in studies.
Shillong, July 28: Meghalaya will play against Haryana in Group C of the Hero Junior Football Championship at Polo Ground today.
Shillong, Naitung 09: The Rangbah Shnong of Umsur, South West Khasi Hills District, has requested the authorities to release Bah Ricky Marwein without injury.
On this occasion, Conrad said that you the people of 51-South Tura who have given your support to him in the mid-term elections and with this victory many development works have been done in Tura and also in the state.
“As young people, when we look at the state which has been in existence for 51 years, we don't have an Aggregator in this state.
The meeting was attended by many dignitaries including the Governor of Meghalaya, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya Conrad Sangma and the Chief Ministers of the North Eastern States.
The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, SC Sadhu IAS, has issued a notice that colleges will be closed tomorrow morning 28/5/2 three districts.
Here are some key do’s and don’ts to ensure safety:DO’s: Before cyclone: Ignore rumors, stay calm, and avoid panic.
Speaking to reporters, Shibun Lyngdoh said the party has written three letters to the party leaders in Delhi and on Friday they have given permission to contest the election. The mid-term elections for the 26-Shella Constituency will be held on the 21st of March next month.
The Government has noticed that the villagers are facing difficulties in going to the toilet. Many of them go to the forests near the village and this has caused pollution in the drinking water wells and has caused the displacement of the villagers. pain.
Many of the women have benefited from this support and are now running clothes shops and other businesses.
Regarding the curfew, people have been ordered to stay at home and not to leave. After the end of this period, the government will sit again to decide whether the curfew will continue. This will be based on the report issued by the District Administration.
The EC said that kilo cutting should be eliminated as it is a disease that can also kill farmers.
Gideon Lyngdoh, who came fourth and Bansiewdor Dohling, who came fourth (out of the Top 10) of the HSSLC examination, was also awarded. (Arts)-2020.
On the other hand, the Director of Labor Department, B Hajong, said that these students who have come to register are only those who have passed matric examination. also with this department.
“Even universities like AIIMS, New Delhi have not set strict requirements but have recognized those who are skilled in the field especially in terms of employment.
Nirmala Sitharaman said that this will be a bright era for young people skilled in technology as there will be an allocation of up to Rs 10 lakh crore for 50-year interest-free loans.
The cooperation of the people along with the hard work of the doctors and health workers has helped a lot to control the situation and they are still continuing this work.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today announced that 29 new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills. Two cases have been confirmed in Bhoi, two in West Khasi Hills and two cases in West Garo Hills.
Also present on the occasion were MDC Pyniad Singh Syiem, DGP, GWahlang, Sordar Diengpasoh, DC of East Khasi Hills District, PS. Dkhar who read out the government announcement and handed it over to Bah B. Marbaniang, Officer-in-Charge of Diengpasoh Police Station.
On the other hand, the union has sent back these people who came to the area in collaboration with the police, they do this because they want to see that those who enter the state should have proper documents. leaves are not shuwan without space.
When we look at other nations, we see that they have improved and this is a threat to the nation, because if this continues, we will be the last in all aspects among the nations. According to the age, education is the greatest tool in promoting economic development and strengthening the nation.
The villages are now moving forward to start the cleaning of garbage, organic waste, plastic waste and also the cleaning of cow waste.
Answering additional questions by the MLA, Prestone said that the department has already paid for what has been done and those who have done this work are the PH Department and MeECL. 14867 were built for women and 13501 were built for men.
Shillong, Nailur 03: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills today issued an order to temporarily close down four shops in Shillong due to the positive cases of COVID-1 their.
Regarding the demand for ILP, the party stands firm on the same ground as all the parties who have been working together to demand that the government should implement the ILP in this country. state.
(this matter is within the legislative competence of Parliament).
Speaking at the opening ceremony, Minister Roshan said that this is a scheme of the Central Government to sell medicines in the low-income dorbar for the poor. .
They are surprised to see that like AL ​​Hek, who won the first seat from the BJP, he has now changed his mind.
The first issue of the petition is that the Army should hand over the Garrison Ground or Kyrkit Ground to the Sports Department of the State Government for the purpose of hosting the National Games in This is the state of Meghalaya.
The East Khasi Hills Police Department is urging the public to exercise extreme caution and avoid falling prey to such quick money schemes.
According to a statement sent by the Mumbai Police Station, seven Nigerians accused of involvement in the murders in Mumbai have fled India via Meghalaya to Bangladesh.
HANM said that the HANM will talk to the companies in the state to take the trucks of the state owners as at present the companies take even the trucks from outside the state. He said that he feels sorry for his own people who have had to set up their trucks for two months.
Speaking to reporters, James K Sangma, Minister in charge of Electricity, said that the power plant was approved in 2008 and in 20013 the construction was increased. The project cost T.332.68 crore.
Jowai, Lber 25: U Bah Vincent H Pala, MP candidate of the Congress party, at Raliang, West Jaintia Hills District, on Tuesday urged the people of Raliang constituency to He was given another five years as MP to oversee many of the affairs of Delhi.
Shillong, Naitung 15 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma today inspected the Khatarshnong Laitkroh C&RD Block to inspect the progress of development works.
Speaking at a meeting held outside the office of the DC of East Khasi Hills District, she said that the operation of these vehicles has started across India and in Shillong too. He said that in East Khasi Hills District there are 102 offices in charge of land related to the elections. The use of these EVMs was in the MLA elections in Goa in 1999 and in other states in 2003 and in the MP elections in
According to sources, after the District Council Affair of the State Government has found shortcomings in sending the names of the EMs to the Governor for approval, the The NPP and UDP have immediately resolved the issue and sent it back to the DC(A) for approval.
Equality among people, tolerance, peaceful coexistence and faith in democracy have always been human characteristics and have been ingrained in society for thousands of years. now.
The police school will be on par with other leading training institutions in the country, he said.
Shillong, Nailur 20: The District Administration of West Khasi Hills District has ordered the closure of all the Coke factories in Shallang which do not have proper permits according to the directive of the Assembly Committee on Environment.
The Congress candidate received 14399 votes, the NPP candidate received 11068 votes and the independent candidate Subhankar Koch received 360 votes. NOTE 208.
According to reports, the four men were from Thangshalai village, the owners of a pusari shop on the side of the road. The deceased were a mother and an elderly man.
The KSU's request for this is that the vehicles passing on this road are speeding too fast.
“We must not allow any interference with our democracy and the institutions under the Constitution," he said.
The Academy of Visual Arts, Meghalaya, has organized an exhibition of artists at ICSSR, NEHU which was inaugurated by the Head of Department of Arts and Culture, Bah Frederick Roy Kharkongor.
Speaking on the Independence Day, the Prime Minister spoke about the preparation of 15,000 Self Help Groups of women to use drones for agriculture and other purposes. related activities.
If they get permission to set up a gate like the Hima, they will give plastic bags to the tourists to throw their garbage and when they come back, they will wait for the garbage to be broken by the Hima. “This is to get rid of the pollution,” said Bah Rymbai.
All the BRIC countries and a central center to be located in Faridabad as a Regional Center for Biotechnology, where students will receive three months training from the “Grand Challenges India” programme.
To fight against the disease in India, the National Sickle Cell Anemia Elimination Mission (NSCAEM) was launched on 1st November 2023 in Shahdol, Madhya Pradesh by the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi.
They will now appeal to the High Court to suspend the election of Chairman and CEM in KHADC. Pynshangian said that according to paragraph 16 sub paragraph (a) of the Sixth Schedule, It is clear that if there is a failure to run the Council, the Governor shall take over the power and not the position.
Ms. P.Mukhim will be the closing ceremony of the competition and at the same time she will distribute the prizes to the winners at 3 pm.
Rymbai said that when we tried to meet with (Dr) D.Pyrbot who is the Nodal Officer of NIOS to look after Meghalaya, they found that the When inquired from the staff of DERT, they said that Dr Pyrbot has taken leave. When asked when she will return to work, the staff of DERT said that the office has been closed. they say they have no knowledge of it.
The meeting also discussed how to prevent the spread of the disease where there has been an increase in some areas and the government is also thinking how to raise awareness among the people. is related to the COVID-19 pandemic.
The ceremony will be held at Maharam School.
The Chief Minister said that talks with Assam to resolve the border issue are ongoing and the talks will be held after the Lok Sabha elections.
On the other hand, the party leaders have accepted the government's invitation for talks.
The surprising thing is that the Local Tourist Trekking Team from Wahkhen has been able to work hard by spending time, energy, days and nights, money, etc to improve and build such a place. surprising to the extreme.
The investigation said that he joined the party to raise the money he spent during the election he contested from Rongjeng constituency from the Samajwadi Party.
CANDLESM40UNIDEPENDENTIND1
On the other hand, Bah Pala said that the prayers of the people have led to the bringing of the body of the Archbishop to Shillong. He went to San Francisco and had only two hours to get a visa.
We are surprised that even though the Sengbhalang did not hold any protests in respect of the voice of the Chief Minister or the Prime Minister of the state, what happened on Saturday night, the police of Ri Bhoi District They raided the houses of leaders in Ri Bhoi District and arrested Samla H Wahlang from his residence in Killing.
Robinus-Syngkon as independent of E.C.Bamon.
Rev James Joy Mohan Nichols Roy has lived for 75 years and has accomplished many things on this memorable earth which has been a great blessing to the descendants of the Khasi-Jaintia people.
Shillong Lajong beat Goa 2-0 in the first leg of the tournament.
He said that the District Council has done this on the basis of Article 29(1) of the Constitution of India which clearly states that no ethnic group within India which has its own The Riti Dustur has the right to protect it, and it is on this basis that the KHADC has introduced this Bill.
The RBI has informed that the new Rs 500 notes will arrive in the state within this month and this will help alleviate the suffering of the people.
The honor was given to Ms. Amory for her hard work in introducing children to the Junior Red Cross at the school where she teaches, where she has been able to instill in her students a spirit of respect. Her hard work with the Red Cross Society has been going on for 30 years.
Amit Shah said that the last Prime Minister, Modi has led the Cooperation Department with great vision.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today handed over an Ambulance to the Mawlai Pyllun Youth Association under the scheme of the Chief Minister for the year 2021-2 The meeting was held at Kiri Sing Syiem Memorial School, Mawlai Nongpdeng.
In his short speech, the president of MEPA congratulated all those who have started selling newspapers even in the midst of the lockdown.
Shillong, Nailar 04: A memorandum of understanding was signed between the Martin Luther Christian University and the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council today. The Khasi Hills Autonomous District (KHADC) Act, 2011 has been passed.
Shillong, July 12: The M/s Jims Flame LPG distribution company in Willamnagar, East Garo Hills has prepared to suspend operations and close down immediately after receiving The Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) has received a letter demanding up to T.25 lakh from the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA).
Suren, a meat seller, said it was good to play, while Jadu Gogoi, 63, said that this fight is for all people.
The Seng strongly requests the SP to take action against such incidents so that such incidents will not happen again in the future and the Seng strongly condemns the bloodthirsty people who killed Kyrshandame.
By the end of the match, these teams had ended in a draw.
It is essential to remove the share of money from drug trafficking in elections and also to protect the future of the youth and the country. Drug corruption is T.3958 crore which is 45% of all the crowns.
Agens Kharshiing today lodged a complaint against L Wanglat at the Pasture Beat House, Polo Shillong.
He said that he knows that the Congress will not win the election because the Congress has a lot of paid people but the election for the speakership is a sign that in the democracy there is no need for the election. election.
All the party leaders know that the lack of power is covered by the Sixth Schedule but they don't want to tell the truth.
The Seng appeals to these two villages which fall under the Bri Hynnietrep as it appears in the newspapers in these months to look in the right direction so that it will bring peace and unity in this and will not cause any tragic incident among the brothers and sisters.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed one new case in East Khasi Hills District today, bringing the total number of recoveries to 92227 and the death toll so far. there were 1593 of them.
The guidelines on how to proceed in this field will be released tomorrow morning on the opening day of the mission football.
The RBI has directed the public to inform the RBI through the website if they receive such notices through emails or messages. ().
Shillong, March 21: The turnout of voters in the mid-term elections in the 26-Shella Constituency will reach 80,000 today. %
APEDA has worked with the state governments to implement the policy of the central government to ensure that agricultural products can be exported to other countries of the world.
The floods were caused by the overflow of the Brahmaputra River and affected parts of the Garo Hills.
At this meeting, the members of MEPA recalled the hard work of Bah Lambok Thabah and his dedication to his work and as a group that has lost one of its members, on behalf of MEPA The meeting was conducted by the President of the party, Bah Monrak Shabong. The meeting was conducted by the President of the party, Bah Monrak Shabong.
The RPF raid was to protect the property of the passengers and at the same time to curb the smugglers.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister also recalled the great deeds done by the Prime Minister of the country and what he did at that time has brought about the fruits that the heritage has now received. to harvest.
Shillong, Lber 01: The States have been informed about the detection of Tablighi Jamat participants as this has increased the risk of efforts to curb COVID-1
In the recent meeting of the Transport Ministry, the Haryana government has requested to address the educational qualifications of drivers from Mewat region which is economically backward where the residents depend. to earn a living in a low-income job including driving.
The Union Minister thanked the Government of Meghalaya for providing assistance including the provision of land for the start of the school at Mawdiangdiang, Meghalaya.
Shillong, July 29: To ensure the smooth running of the elections, police today conducted a search operation against vehicles in Mawlai Mawroh area under the 15-Mawlai Assembly Constituency. some carry too much money.
This is to ensure the safety of people coming to the state, as at present the NRC is being conducted only in Assam, most of them have EPIC, driving license and if They don't have a name in Assam. If they move to another state, they will become Indian citizens.
The Air Marshal graduated from the National Defense Academy and joined the Air Force in July
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Twitter today, said that during his meeting with the Union Minister of State for Child Development, he briefed him on the work on the water supply in urban areas through the scheme. AMRUT. At this meeting, the Union Minister was urged to release funds for the implementation of water supply schemes in government areas in Meghalaya under the title of “Urban Water Scheme”.
The Deputy Commissioners have been empowered to inspect the areas whether they are suitable for the opening or closure of schools. DC as Chairman, DSEO as Member Secretary and Principal.
Another bike, cash worth T.3.5 lakh and three mobile phones were seized from them. The investigation is ongoing to find out who is involved and the police have decided to fight against the drug traffickers.
On this occasion, the villagers expressed their gratitude to the Governor of Meghalaya for visiting their village and this is the first time that the Governor of Meghalaya has visited their village. to this village on the border with Bangladesh.
On receiving a tip, SWAT police raided a house in Dobu.
Speaking to reporters at the party office in Lachumier, Nongrem said that the MPYC leaders are children who don't know the truth. The MPYC demands that the MPYC should apologize so that they will not be silent.
The tournament will be held in the following formats: team match, singles match, doubles match, doubles match between the winners and doubles match between the winners.
In a statement, the Chairman of NESO, Bah Samuel Jyrwa, said, “We strongly condemn such an incident and demand that an inquiry should be conducted by the Magistrates. these people are injured".
The president of the Women's Wing thanked the KSU Nonglum Unit and Mawlai Circle for their willingness to donate to the children's home under the leadership of the Women's Wing.
The union has held an emergency meeting to send a petition to the government for assistance and to investigate the incident.
The Prime Minister of India's visit to the North East to witness the inauguration of the Prime Minister of India will be the first time. India is the largest country in the world.
Police have recovered weapons from the nine militants and arrested the Area Commander of the group, said SP Davies Marak.
At present, Mawkyrwat is ruled by the Khasi in all aspects from the shatri makers, juti makers, milk sellers, sniuh makers to shopkeepers.
Regarding the ambulances, Meghalaya will receive 11 ambulances which will also have security guards from the DoNER department. now.
Regarding the news published in this online news regarding the lack of shallan of the people from the outlets set up by the government, it was found that the reason is due to the lack of shallan from the Government Printing. Press.
Saleng A Sangma, who is now 45 years old, won his first MLA election in 2008 from the Congress in Dalamgiri, the former constituency.
Shillong, Naitung 29: Leaders of the KSU SWKH District, on Tuesday said that the police should arrest the AMD and UCIL officials who created this riot, said the KSU General. Secretary of the party, Samla Jitkhem Nongsiej.
In this regard, the Seng will be ready to cooperate with them and this allocation of resources although small but not the last for the Seng to continue to cooperate with them. The Dorbar Shnongs for the benefit of the people of the country as a whole.
Mizoram (Chakma, Mara, Lai ATC), Meghalaya (Khasi Jaintia and Garo ADC), Tripura ADC, and Tripura ADC are different from each other. from the land tenure system, to the system of governance from the Shnong, Raid to the Hima.
In June this year, he had written to the Chairman of the Board of the trust, Bah GS Massar, to clarify the matter but no explanation was received.
The Prime Minister of India today inaugurated the Meghalaya Khadi Plaza Market Complex at Barik Point, Shillong. book of people.
Without wanting to be named, they said that they have informed the Minister of Mylliem Hima in charge of the market because they don't know where to go to complain, but this has remained true. now more than a year or less.
What is more surprising is that even when the sky is bright, in the morning there is enough light while when it is time to use it, it goes out.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: Tuberculosis, commonly known as TB, is a disease caused by a bacterium known as Mycobacterium Tuberculosis.
On the other hand, the party said that the minister should remember that this issue has been decided to be postponed in talks with the chief minister and the government. The State shall first inform the public regarding this issue throughout the State.
This behavior of the SPSUs poses a threat to Meghalaya.
There is something wrong with the appointment of 22 jobs to one person. The union has to disclose this to the outside world so that it doesn't happen again in the future. The government should take responsibility that many people want to remove the incumbent DC from Ri Bhoi District and bring in someone to work within the district and the area.
Samla Eric in his speech urged these youngsters to work hard to achieve victory in their sports and also to develop their fellow youths because sports is sports. This is another way to keep the youth away from alcoholic beverages such as drugs which are very common in our state.
Through the railway, it is clear that foreigners and authorities can easily enter the state.
On the same day, he laid the foundation stone of the fourth block in Ri Bhoi District. The meeting was held at Lumdaithkhla.
(iv) A Tribe Certificate from the relevant authorities of the areas under the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) is required.
Meanwhile, Congress leaders were on their way to Keshloor after returning from the Parivartan Yatra in Sukma.
To ensure health, more than 2,000 water quality testing laboratories have been opened in the country so that people can sample their water at a reasonable price and send it for testing at a reasonable price. low.
The selection of people to be included in the list of beneficiaries is up to the State Government.
On the other hand, the police have decided to take action to stop this payment in collaboration with the public.
At the same time, she said that her selection will be an encouragement to others to come forward in such competitions.
After the abolition of Article 370, development in Jammu and Kashmir has been rapid.
He added that the MMER has allocated T.27.49 crore for the years 2022-2023 and 2024 and the total expenditure so far is T.12.46 crore.
Speaking to reporters at the Shillong Press Club, Peter said that he has been a member of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) since he was President.
Three policemen were injured in the blast. The Prime Minister himself has ensured that the victims will receive treatment. The cause of the blast is being investigated by the police. the criminals.
The Central Government will assist in this regard.
Speaking on the current situation in the country and the state due to the COVID-19 pandemic, Bah Metbah urged the residents who have not yet received the COVID-19 vaccine to get vaccinated. as part of the prevention of the spread of this disease in the state and India as a whole.
Depending on the investor’s recommendation, market conditions, and the development of the company, forecasts may change at different stages of the investment.
Sports Minister Zenith Sangma hoisted the flag of India at Resubelpara of North Garo Hills while Health Minister AL Hek hoisted the flag of India at Resubelpara in North Garo Hills. the country of India in Dadenggre.
Talk goes back and forth between the sellers and buyers which brings closer the community.
The union has been informing the government from time to time that it can expedite the establishment of the Fire Service Station in Mawryngkneng so that if there is any incident of fire in the house or forest, it can be resolved in a timely manner. because of you.
Shillong, November 02: CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing today explained the reason why the party has withdrawn from the ILP protest. The president of the CSWO has clarified that all these allegations are baseless and false.
The Commission has also taken a Suo Moto on the incident and at noon on Tuesday the Vice Chairperson of the Meghalaya State Commission for Women and members went to meet the Superintendent of Police of West Garo Hills. to investigate into the incident and informed the Commission that the Police have arrested those involved.
In this raid, police have arrested four drug traffickers and seized drugs worth T.1 crore along with T.45,000 thousand.
The JSU in the petition said that the safety of passengers and drivers is important to protect passengers from injuries and demanded that white signs should be placed on the roads that have to pass from across the street.
Noting that the COVID-19 pandemic has been a stumbling block this year in education, he said, “We should not lose hope and we believe that one day this pandemic will disappear and we will cannot be the same as before the outbreak of this disease".
On this day, there were about 50 to 20 vehicles that wanted to dump garbage, and garbage trucks from Mawlai were banned from dumping garbage at Marten.
The owners of the land have been asked to participate in this inspection to ensure that there is no error.
Shillong, July 06: After a thorough discussion with family members, friends and especially after discussions within the Nongkrem Block Congress Committee, the Nongkrem Block Congress Committee (NIC) has decided to apply for ticket from the Indian National Congress (INC) to contest the MLA elections. election 2018 to the 22nd – Nongkrem Assembly Constituency.
He also promised to take these findings to the Government authorities.
Shillong, Lber 20: The Executive Committee of Bah Pynshngian N Syiem of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has appointed a Sub-Committee to consider the amendments to the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution. of India.
Samla Marcos R Marthong Publicity Secretary HYC Sengkmie, Samla Jop Kharnaior Assistant Education Secretary and the swearing-in ceremony was taken by Samla Rhembor G Saibon, Vice President.
For more information, please call 9615400135, 6009440830,
The deadline for registration on the electoral roll is 26/12/2
During the discussion, many issues were raised in which journalists find it difficult to do especially for small newspapers published in Meghalaya.
The crowd applauded and applauded.
He said that as the MDC of the area, he will seek more information on the bill light issue by MePDCL. He alleged that all this is a mistake by MePDCL. discuss to correct this error.
He said that under the MHIS, the assistance to the sick is only T.2,80,000/- but under the National Health Protection Mission, the assistance will be up to T.5,00,000/-.
The Chief Minister said that there are many constituencies where the Congress party has contested tickets and the State Election Committee of the Congress party will send the nominations to the Central Election Committee of the AICC. ai him the decision.
Shillong, Nailar 04: The family members of Saborika Dhar, resident of Bivar Road, have lodged a complaint with the police that she has been missing since the 2nd of this month.
Therefore, the casual workers of NEHU on 16.05.2022 have temporarily suspended their work while talks between the higher authorities and the casual workers at NEHU are ongoing.
All these things happened in
Shillong, Nailar 09: The All India Movement Meghalaya today held a mass protest known as the “Quit India Movement” as part of the protest against violence and corruption. Speaking at the briefing, Bah Banshai Marbniang, Chairman, said that the WHO has been appointed as the Chairman of the World Health Organization (WHO) in India. At the State Central Library Shillong, he said that the Quite India Movement means that Mahatma Gandhi, the father of India, fought for the independence of the country from British rule.
Shillong, Iaiong 21: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today inspected the Mawlai Road by- passed in the presence of Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie, Umroi MLA George B Lyngdoh and government officials.
“The political parties will not use only from one side but from many sides and our cooperation in the District Council is because they are the MDA-UDP and NPP allies. The Sixth Schedule has been amended and if the NPP asks our leaders to think about why we should leave our own 'jaidbynriew', we too have the right to express our views on the new amendment. the Sixth Schedule.
Speaking to reporters, he said that as teachers who have the responsibility for the welfare of the people, they don't want to hold protests that could affect the community, but they have other protests that will not be public.
During the meeting, they also demanded that the Chief Minister and the Minister of Home Affairs of India should return the Garrison Stadium to the Laban Sport Club so that the state can host the national team. games in 2022.
He asked why the Shillong Municipal Board has issued a written notice to the residents of this area when the HLC has not yet submitted its report and the hearing is ongoing in court. The report of the HLC and the decision of the court will be considered.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has taken them all and now they are being placed in quarantine facilities set up by the government.
Rajiv Gauba, Secretary in charge of Urban Affairs, Union Government, said that these villages should be recognized as urban areas within the Urban Local Bodies (ULBs) so that the government can throw a lot of aid to these villages.
The meeting ended with a traditional dance and song of Meghalaya.
The department calls on the Implementing Support Agencies (ISAs) to inform the public about this mission and the need for clean and safe water.
In this meeting with the health officials, the Minister was requested to recruit more personnel, including nurses, laboratory workers and ambulances at Manikanj PHC and Damas PHC. Shillong, Jymmang 22: Hiar KSU Mawthadraishan Circle has inspected Pathew PHC as part of the fight against COVID-1
In the complaint, the Rangbah Shnongs said that all these trucks were going to unload coal to Bangladesh through the Tamabil port.
On the other hand, the CEM of KHADC said that this should be resolved regarding the land within the Hima Jirang.
On this occasion, three kurs include Marbaniang, Sohtun, Kharkongor, Kurkalang and Nongkhlaw-Rngi, while the other kurs are Kharrubon, Langstieh, Kharmawphlang, Kharmon, Nongdhar, War Nongjri and War. Tynghah, Kharlang, Mylliem Umlong and Kharlukhi have arrived to witness the ceremony.
Dozens of villages have been affected by the natural disaster especially on the border with Bangladesh. which shall not be distributed to the people in the morning, as a temporary relief until the full census is received.
Carmo Noronha, Executive Director, Bethany Society, was awarded two National Awards for his outstanding services at the Montfort Centre. for the sake of education.
The Government in its meeting today also decided to increase the number of Corona Care Centers especially in East Khasi Hills. he who has no work.
“In response, the CEC has appointed Teimiki Laloo as the new Vice Chairman for six months,” he said.
“We covered about 192 villages.
Two others were identified as T Sangma, 40, and Suresh Sangma, 32, of Adogre, the SP said. The Police Station received the complaint on 24th June.
Shillong, Naitung 17: The District Administration today sent police and magistrates around Shillong to collect land vendors on the streets around Shillong.
The scrutiny will be held on the 11th November 2018 at the office of KSU NKHDU at 1 pm.
On the other hand, the BJP supporters have also expressed their concern that they don't know how to move forward because they don't know who will get the ticket from the party.
The signing of the Karbi-Anglang Agreement in November, 2021 has resolved the conflict in the Karbiha area of ​​Assam.
Answering questions, Bah Warlarpih said that it is the government's lack of action to curb the illegal smuggling of cows to Bangladesh which has led to the increase in the price of cows in Khanapara market.
From the NPP, Conrad K Sangma from South Tura and Martin M Danggo from South Tura have already nominated candidates for the Ranikor Civil Sub Division. K Sangma has refused to release her brother Conrad K Sangma.
At present, the Shillong Peak Lodge has been registered with the Tourism Department of the Meghalaya Government.
The Minister said that according to the ordinance, it has already been applied to the states.
He said that the loss of MeECL is due to the fact that the electricity they buy instead of sending it to the profiteering areas has been sent to the losing areas.
He also directed to prepare trained personnel as oxygen plants, ICU rooms, new machines to reach the two hospitals in the blocks will require such personnel.
Shillong, June 25: The General Secretary of the All Khasi Hills Chicken Federation (AKHAF) John D Sangma today said that the party will work with the CoMSO to demand the government to implement the You have issued an Inner Line Permit in Meghalaya.
But he said that order is also unclear.
M.Syiem President of the Association said that Meghalaya has the opportunity to produce various types of wine from the soybeans produced in the state but it needs the recognition from the state government.
Regarding these two bridges on the border with Bangladesh which are also important for the security of the country, the state government is ready to seek assistance from the World Bank to build the two bridges on the Shella River. bad Khasiamara who don't have a friend.
During the raid, police seized several uniforms, ID cards belonging to IPS officers in the rank of IGP, a vehicle with a light saw and flags.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 06 : The Ri Bhoi District Authority has imposed a penalty under Section 144CrPC on the installation of rnga along the National Highway-40, Shillong By-pass and other places. The road is located in Kane's district.
Under Article 4 of the Constitution, if a member of the House fails to sit for 60 days without the permission of the House, the House may declare that he the seat will be empty.
The nomination will be held on the first day.
Jowai, March 4: The Hynniewtrep Border Disputed Reconciliation Forum (HBDRF) has demanded that the Meghalaya government should take immediate action to stop the construction of the Assam border road at Pdeiñ Sharieñ in Lapangap village, West Jaintia Hills District.
At the PM-Kisan Sammelan program held in Sikar, Rajasthan on 27th November, 2023, the Prime Minister handed over 1,25,000 PMKSKs to the country.
Under the Ayushman Health Cards scheme, these children will receive free treatment up to T.5 lakh.
Regarding the testing of immigrants, the RTPCR has been increased from 72 hours to 48 hours. The government has taken care to ensure that the disease does not spread. spread in the state.
He informed the team that 11,432.00 kilometers of roads have been constructed with NEC funding in the North East.
Because since the independence of Meghalaya, the leaders have forgotten to resolve the border issue of the state, it is on this basis that the border disputes between the two states have arisen until now. Meghalaya has turned 49 years old and will celebrate its 50th anniversary in
AMA president Jova C Marak said that some groups in Tura who have registered have started taking over the business of selling jhur and this has led to an increase in the price of jhur in the country. There is no place to fight to increase the price because it has affected the people.
Therefore, the Seng together with the people will not refuse to hold this program through a public meeting together with the dongmusa and also to burn the tyngshops of MePDCL and the MDA-II Government. Leaders of the Seng from the Unit together with Leaders from the Sengkmie including Samla Rangbah Roy Kupar Synrem, General Secretary and others.
In fact, in 2018, when the government issued the announcement, it made it clear that on government land, the government will issue permission to build houses and on district council land, the district councils will issue building permits. In 2019, there were more changes and now this announcement is complete.
In the letter to the CEM of KHADC, it was said that the State Youth Wing of the National Awakening Movement (KHADC) has visited the companies and shopping malls in Shillong. KHNAM has found that the office of Relience and the show room Pantaloon near the market square do not have a trading license. jury of the organization.
The injured include SP City Vivek Syiem, OC of Madanriting and two other policemen who sustained serious injuries.
On the other hand, Bah Boney J Kharbani, President of the Electrical Contractors Union Nongstoin, said that only 50 out of 100 residents of this area come to pay their bill lights. also to those who do not pay their bills as informed from time to time, and if this happens, the Franchisee will not refuse to turn off the light.
Police have taken the vehicle to Umroi PIC for further investigation.
Speaking to reporters, Conrad said the swearing-in ceremony will be held at 11.00 pm and it is expected that the Prime Minister will attend the swearing-in ceremony. India and the Home Minister will be present.
He said that the government through CSIR-CIMAP should conduct a thorough research and put it in writing.
On the other hand, Bah J Lyngdoh, while giving a training to the youth, urged the youth to use Internet Banking so that it will bring benefits in saving money and will also make it easier in buying and selling.
Shylla said to strengthen the KSCL Bills, the EC will bring a bill in the House which will be known as the “Clan Bills” and this is to inform the kurs and the kur will vote. it does not belong to its own kur in terms of the prohibition of cleanliness.
According to the complaint, Dikseng A. Sangma said that his wife and two sons had gone to Tura market on 17th June, 2024 but have not returned home since. day.
The driver and follower were taken to hospital for treatment.
He said that the government collects royalty from this mineral.
We have got the opportunity to lift the country to new cliffs.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and the Minister of State for Education, Lahkmen Rymbui today inaugurated the new classrooms at Manakanj Secondary School and Damas Higher. Deputy Speaker Timothy D Shira at a meeting held at Mendipathar, North Garo Hills District.
We have also published a book recently on the history of the Federation of Khasi States from 1973 to 2017 and has put it online for those who wish to read and download it free of charge. State of Meghalaya.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, has expressed the need for improvement in various sectors in the field of education.
“At present, the implementation of the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act (MRSSA) has been suspended by the High Court and the ILP has not been granted by the Government of India,” he said. more and more of Mr. Jyrwa.
The second match will be played on the 4th November 2016 at 11.30 am between Nongbri and Khongwet at 1.30 pm. ) and at 3pm the Kur Nengnong of Khyrim Hima and Kharumnuid of Khyrim Hima.
No.ML-08D-6902.
At the third swearing-in ceremony of Narendra Modi as the Prime Minister of India, leaders of the world from four corners of India were invited to attend the ceremony tomorrow.
This upcoming G-7 Summit, and to discuss important issues for the Northern Hemisphere.
There are more than 1000 contract teachers in Government LP Schools in the state and these contract teachers have been renewing their teaching posts since 2010 onwards. In June 2021, the DSEOs did not renew their contracts.
On this day, we should remember the freedom fighters of the country and the people of this state who produced Tirot Singh, Kiang Nangbah and Pa Togan N Sangma and many others who did not. but they fought to fight for freedom.
During the five-day training, experts from government departments, NGOs such as NESFAS, Meghalaya Cooperative Apex Bank and Basin Development Unit came to train these youths.
Three Indians were arrested near the border of Gasuapara village in South Garo Hills District.
Shillong, Naitung 17: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawlai Circle on Tuesday held a function to commemorate the 185th Anniversary of Tirot Singh. The round road will be completed from Mawlai Pump, Nonglum, Mawdatbaki to Mawroh.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed that no deaths have been reported so far, bringing the total number of deaths to
Provision of training, education, sharing of experiences and promotion of knowledge which includes promotion of cooperatives, integration of training and self-employment, reception of women, youth and those who are in trouble.
It is learned that in 2015 they had held a similar protest to demand a salary of T.5000/- tyngka and now they are protesting again to demand an increase in their salary.
He said that looking at the passage of time, there have been changes in the political, income and strengthening of the military forces and this is still going on and with these changes there has been a need for closeness. people and armies, whether on the ground, in the air, or in the sky.
Shillong, Nailur 23: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, AT Mondal today launched two books at the Assembly Hall, entitled “PR Kyndiah as I Know Him” and “Meghalaya”. .
Virtual service delivery, E-commerce empowerment, Electrical manufacturer promotion, IT and ITes promotion including BPOs, Virtual payments, Innovative thinking on private business and the security of businesses working over the internet.
From time to time, the party has been demanding a fast track court for rape cases. They hope that the law will punish this MLA quickly and quickly so that it will be an example to many. .
Shillong, March 20: Today, 57 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 17 in West Garo Hills and 3 in East Garo Hills. , South Garo Hills 3, West Garo Hills 3, East Garo Hills 2, North Garo Hills 1, Ri Bhoi 1, South West Garo Hills
The question is whether the Sixth Schedule has been amended - (said Bah HS Shylla, former CEM) the forest has been passed by the Forest Conservation Act Many land owners have applied for bills under this Act.
Regarding this, he will not say that the talks have been successful, because the CoMSO will not consider the talks successful until it sees that the government has issued a government announcement that the law has been implemented. or the state legislature has adopted a national security law.
The tourist attraction has been decorated with footbridges, fences, footpaths, mawbynna and the natural beauty of the area.
In the case of the Indian Space and Research Organization (ISRO), the team has worked hard to meet this demand for space-related services and at the same time has understood the need to monitor the research to come up with new technologies," he said.
Pala said that according to his understanding, the BJP wants to amend the Sixth Schedule which applies to the 11 ADCs in the North East including Meghalaya.
At this meeting, Bah Mihbiang Lyngdoh in charge of East Jaintia Hills District urged the members of the KJNU to work for the welfare of the community. region and for the state.
Thousands of Catholics attended the funeral service at Laitumkhrah Cathedral Parish.
At the same time, he praised the NCC for its contribution in many fields to the country and the state as well. such as these teachings.
Before the meeting, the Co-Chairman and Deputy Chairperson, met and talked to the Gram Sevaks, to listen and understand the problems they face in their work and requested the State Planning Board. to create opportunities to establish their own cadre in order to open up opportunities for them in promotion as they do not have the opportunity for promotion in their jobs.
Shillong, Naitung 26: Many villages and areas in Shillong which have been declared as containment areas have been blocked with barricades on the roads to ensure that people should not enter and leave these areas. .
The Minister said that as of now, the number of oxygen cylinders has been increased from 700 to 1500 and the construction of oxygen generating equipment in hospitals in The state has been working hard to improve the number of Civil Hospitals in the district.
The date on which the Rangbah Shnongs have to submit their application for the NFSA scheme and if there are any complaints they have to submit them to the office of the Deputy Commissioner Supply East Khasi Hills District on 30th date of this month.
Shillong, Nailur 01: To commemorate the birth anniversary of Major Dhyan Chand Singh on the National Sports Day, the Border Guard Force (BSF) has organized a friendly match. throw the ball in Mawpat.
The union expects that the relevant authorities will receive this letter sent by the union and also to look into the East Jaintia region as a whole.
She has a job card and has received more than T.26,000 through MGNREGA to build this house.
Therefore, the union strongly warns the cow owners and cow trucks that if there is any outbreak of Corona virus in War Jaintia, the cow owners should be responsible for the people of the area.
Shillong, November 09: The KSU Khliehriat Town Unit and Ladrymbai Unit on Tuesday met with the Additional SP of East Jaintia Hills, Bah Banraplang Jyrwa. Traffic jam in Ladrymbai and Khliehriat market from morning till night almost every day.
Shillong, Nailur 20: The Sports Department of the Government of Meghalaya and H Elias Higher Secondary School today welcomed the winners of the Subroto Cup 2019 held in Delhi. on the 17th of this month.
The Government has launched the Production Linked Incentive (PLI) scheme worth Rs 2 lakh crore to boost manufacturing in India.
This was discovered by the water supply officer in charge of the water tank this morning.
Shillong, Lber 20 : The Green-Tech Foundation's hard work this year will be a message of hope to the people of Shillong and especially to the government that if there is the will and responsibility, there will be no problem in implementing the Green-Tech Foundation. The Umkhrah and Umshyrpi Rivers are the most polluted rivers in the State even if they are not flooded.
This will help to promote tourism to the beautiful places in East Jaintia Hills District.
However, this young man went to another kingdom and was ruled by another king, whose name was Mawpator.
The Children's Minister said the newly opened CRC will provide services to people with disabilities (Divyangjan) and develop the skills of people in Meghalaya.
BJYM State President, Meghalaya.
SP, CID, WA Kharkongor, Assistant Director, MACS, Rangbah Shnong, Madanrting, Executive Members of Madanrting Dorbar Shnong and other leaders. the church and the church.
This is why the EC is not responsible.
The dorbar hall was built with the contribution of the Nongtnger Kur and was completed at a cost of T.50 lakh.
The union also urges the people not to be afraid and not to allow the loss of confidence in the midst of this crisis but to work together with the Ministry of Health and the government authorities to overcome the crisis.
Four people have died of the disease today, two from East Khasi Hills, one from Ri Bhoi and one from West Garo Hills.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the government, Kular Khongjeerem, president of the Deficit Teachers Association, said that the discussion was pleasant because they first talked about the salary of the deficit teachers. get this for the old man.
The National People's Party (NPP) President and Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and State President Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday welcomed the two MDCs. The Congress has joined the NPP and former MDC of Sohra, Bah Donevan K. Wanlang.
“The livestock industry falls under the jurisdiction of the State Governments and the necessary medicines are available in the veterinary hospitals/dispensaries of the States/UTs. cure from such diseases.
Women police officers were also present in the raid.
To strengthen the party in its work, it has set up its office in Umpdeng Unit which includes all these villages.
The cyclone has included cyclones in the eastern part of Bangladesh which is only 0.9 km above sea level. speed 30km to 40km per hour.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The common platform for the four MDC candidates from Mawlai constituency has been held today at Mawlai Phud Mawri Square. These four candidates in their speeches did not explain what they want to do if they win as MDCs, but They expressed their own wishes and shook hands with each other.
: Environment and Mushroom.
There are 397 cases in the state, 62 cases in hospitals, 48 ​​cases in East Khasi Hills, 4 cases in West Garo Hills, 4 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 2 cases in South West Garo Hills and 2 cases in Eastern. West Khasi Hills 2, North Garo Hills 1, Ri Bhoi
A social memorandum of understanding (MoU) was signed on 30th October, 2020 between the Government of Meghalaya and the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly. created on the 20th of November,
In his speech, he said that the central government has a special view of this region.
Tynsong acknowledged that the government intends to create more blocks in the state for the benefit of the people.
Four RNLFA militants were killed in the clash and police managed to release the officer.
New Delhi, November 14: The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, inaugurated the Janjatiya Gaurav Diwas and launched the 15th installment of the PM-KISAN scheme at Birsa College, Khunti, Jharkhand on 15th November .
The Government has received the responsibility for this road, as it connects South West Khasi Hills District and South Garo Hills District. He said that even if the double lane cannot be built, the government will upgrade the road to Intermediate.
At the same time, within the HNLC, there is an old man from Lapalang village who is known as Donboklang who was also known as Bah Palangrwai.
For example, plants produce their own food and animals eat plants.
There is a recovery of forests in all rural areas.
These agencies have promised to provide them with renowned and skilled educational institutions but as soon as they arrive in Bangalore, these students are placed in institutions which even the government has not recognized them.
On the other hand, Bah Lyngdoh said that he has written this complaint to the Minister of HRD with regret that the principal should have been in office for at least two or three years. more than that.
Rikular Khongtiang, who is the lead actress in the film, said that she is very happy to have won this role and hopes that the film will be a success. They have worked hard to act well so that the film they act in will be beautiful and the people want to buy the CDs. This film is very beautiful so the people who want to buy the CD cassettes They can be purchased and obtained from various cassette shops in Shillong as this film will be released soon.
On the other hand, Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman of the Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, said that the time demands that the Rangbah Shnongs should be smart and vigilant, read the laws and rules. the responsibility for the people to receive proper governance, khadar and justice.
The Minister said that this area has not yet experienced the growth as it has in the last six years.
According to residents, someone had set fire to the house and left it without extinguishing the fire.
The Waheh Shnong has been reminding these Saheps about this incident or the loss of the transformer, but the answer received from these Saheps is that they have already informed Shillong, but until now no No reply has been received for the purchase of a new transformer for Pahar Umkiang Village.
“Many of the agencies when they provide counseling from Shillong do it in one way but when Khasi children arrive in Bangalore it is different and in many cases Khasi children face many problems,” he said. state.
The remaining camps are in Jowai, Khliehriat, Nongstoin and Ampati.
In the petition, HANM said that before 1951, the United Khasi and Jaintia Hills Districts were divided into two Civil Subdivisions and Jowai Subdivisions. It falls under the Doloiship of Nartiang because the tax is paid to the Doloi of Nartiang.
Although there is no shortage of medicines with the States and UTs, the Central Government continues to meet the needs of the States and UTs. Point in the states in order to deliver medicines as needed.
Adeline Vancauwelaert, Director of the organization from France, said that this is the first time in the North East and it will benefit the people of the region.
On the other hand, Bah Stanliwise Rymbai MLA of Umroi, due to a mistake in the first nomination, had to file another nomination.
These organizations will hold public meetings in all districts to explain and explain to the people the basis on the Inner Line Permit (ILP) and the dates of the meetings will be fixed in the coming days.
The two-day meeting, which will be held on the 8th and 9th of July, will be inaugurated by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, while the Union Minister of State for Child Development, Dr Jitendra Singh will be the chief guest. Two Secretaries of the Union Government will also attend the meeting.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister, Cornad K Sangma, today said that he attended a meeting held at Mawnai on 31/Lber promise to open a district in Mairang.
The march was to express their protest that the government has not appointed them till date.
Children also imbibe the teachings through the religious texts and epics introduced to them usually by the mother.
Shillong, Nailar 12: The Crystal Gayle Kharnaior Memorial Award was held at Raj Bhavan in the presence of Governor Phagu Chauhan in the presence of Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Minister of State for Home Affairs. bad Dearity.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: U Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, on Tuesday said that he has spoken by phone with the leaders of COMSO that he wants to meet with them today. called.
KSU President Marcony Thongni and General Secretary Wanboklang K. Lyngdoh said that MeECL has promised to replace the transformer soon.
Guwahati, Naitung 28: Speaking on the recent bomb blasts in Lakhimpur and Karbianglong, Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi said that ULFA leader Paresh Baruah has been killed. I don't want to be forced because I'm sorry.
Leaders of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit said that it was the Home Ministry which had ordered the Governor to resign over the allegation that he raped a woman inside the Raj Bhavan. to the constitutional office.
Latest reports close to the DC(A) said that the desire to bring about the division of constituencies in the District Councils is too close to the election. election as it is now.
The letter was handed over to the Officer in charge of the Police Station, Bah Philothius Lamare, East Khasi Hills District. Special Director General of Police, Meghalaya.
In addition, the hospital will soon open a Jan Aushadhi Medical Store and a Pradhan Mantri Bhartiya Janaushadhi Kendra (PMBJK) which will sell medicines at low prices without profit. .
The two recipients of the award are Inspector George A Monin of 2MLP Battalion Georagre Tura and Jiten Klein Naik of 1MLP Battalion Mawiong.
Shillong, Nailur 12: The Meghalaya government has nothing to do with the increase in the number of sleepers in Shillong.
If you have any information to the Government with evidence, the Government will not hesitate.
There are 9 recoveries today, 1 case in East Khasi Hills, 1 case in West Garo Hills District, 8 cases in West Garo Hills District. there are 1594 people.
You can phone or send messages to the leaders of the party and they are ready to meet and discuss.
Guwahati, Naitung 10: Union Minister of State for Electronics and Information Technology and Law and Justice Ravi Shankar Prasad will launch the Digital North East Vision ' tomorrow at the Radisson Hotel in Guwahati.
Shillong, July 21 The first Amphitheater in the state was inaugurated by Bah RV Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of Cultural Affairs, Mawlai Nongkwar.
The President of HANM Ri War Mih Ngi said that it is suspected that there were two persons in the Maruti vehicle of Bah Seiborlang. They died in this tragic incident.
The HYC said that before the lockdown, the people used to get T.1250/- or T.1300/- 50kg for rice. The lockdown in our state is part of the prevention of the spread of covid19 which has spread rapidly around the world.
“If we prepare any project just because it is our duty to do it, it will not work, the heart must beat and then it will work,” he said.
The Chief Minister said that these three persons have been tested twice and both the results have been negative. Out of the 44 cases of COVID-19 in the state, 18 have recovered and 25 are undergoing treatment and one has died.
Shillong, March 11: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Prestone Tynsong today laid the foundation stone for the upgradation of the Tyrsad Sub Center into a Public Health Center at Tyrsad village in the presence of the MLA of this area. Speaking at the foundation laying ceremony, Prestone said that this is to provide for the needs of the people to get health services for all. and the villages that are round about this city.
At the same time, Prestone said that the government allows the slaughter of pigs only if the pigs are from within the district. the disease shall also die when it is cleansed.
“The decision was taken after the resolution was signed by former EM in-charge Trade Sanbor Shullai, Pynthorumkhrah MLA AL Hek and Head of Relief & Rehabilitation Colony Ushanta Kumar Das. year 2007.
It is to be recalled that the district authorities have imposed section 144 to restrict the movement of the public from 10 pm to reduce the spread of Covid-1
Shillong, July 21: U Bah Wis Mawlong, who works at Meghalaya House Kolkatta, has been suffering from illness for about a month. .
On this occasion, he also distributed M.Tabs to the students and launched the vehicles.
According to the Association, there are 83 wrestlers who will take part in the tournament including Sub-Junior, Junior, Youth, Senior, Master, Grantmaster and Para-Athlete. Specially Abled.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: The Steering Committee of the Kur Dorbars, Shillong, on Tuesday announced that their general meeting will be held on November 7, 2019 at Bharat Scout and Guide near Pine Mount School.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh has urged the residents of the state to take responsibility for their own testing at nearby health centres. PHC, CHC, if you have any fever because in the past few months this month the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has found that in the northern parts of Garo Hills Dengue is very common.
Speaking at the meeting, which was attended by school children and officers from the education department, the Chief Minister expressed his satisfaction that this scheme has been implemented to repair the houses. schools and expects to raise questions.
He said that in the fight against terrorism, the spread of discrimination should have a common understanding between countries which needs to be implemented immediately.
This law is exactly like that bad food or Khaw-ot which if we eat it will make us sick.
On the occasion, the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Dr Mukul Sangma, Dr RC Laloo, Dy-Chief Minister and other Cabinet Ministers were present on the occasion. The petition was signed by the Prime Minister.
The Chairman of the Foundation, Bah H.Bansiewdor Nonglang, while speaking to the media, said that the hopelessness of the cleaning of the Wah Umkhrah is only for the shopkeepers here. It is necessary to come together to clean up this river which has carried tens of lakhs of tonnes of garbage from all over Shillong.
Shillong, July 04: AICC President Rahul Gandhi today renewed the office bearers of the All India Women's Congress (ANC).
The CEM of GHADC, Rakesh A Sangma, has resigned on Monday to respect the feelings of the people.
At the meeting, two Acts relating to the rights of street vendors, the THE STREET VENDORS (PROTECTION) Act passed by the Legislative Assembly of India, were discussed in detail. OF LIVELIHOOD AND REGULATION OF STREET VENDING ACT, 2014 and the Meghalaya Street Vending Act,
Shillong, Naiwieng 25: MPCC President Vincent H Pala on Tuesday said that there is no difference within the Congress party, but the difference is with those MLAs who have left the party. and Charles.
The Meteorological Department said that the heavy rainfall will continue from the 14th to the 17th of this month. they will take their precautions.
The High Commissioner of India to Bangladesh, HE Mr. Pankaj Saran and others were also present.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The registration of residents of Meghalaya for the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) will be temporarily suspended on July 30, 2013, said Bah Lari Rymbai, Minister of Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS). see this registration.
Shillong, Lber 13: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has not yet announced the mid-term elections for the 13-Mawryngkneng ST Assembly Constituency. .
Ratacherra, Rungchera, Sakhri, Shymplong, Sonapyrdi, Sunachera, Thangskai, Tongseng (Narpuh), Umkiang, Umlaper, Umlong, Umlong, Umrasong, Umrasong, Umtyra, Wahiajer, Wakhoh, Bambaithol, Diruphai, Sakhri, Shymplong, Kaieng, Khaiengpha , Nachangzol, New Michikhur, P.Zoar, Saitual, Sakwa, Salain and Sialkan.
He said that in the next few years, PHCs and CHCs including hospitals will be improved.
Up to 88 households in this village have received 15 kilos of rice, wheat and flour.
Shingly Nongkhlaw, resident of Mawlai Mawroh Main Road near PTS Golflink, will be buried on the 17th at 1:30 pm at the Chinese Graveyard Upper Mawprem.
The General Secretary of the Jaintia Hills Coal Miners and Dealers Association (JHCMDA) said that the tourists have been in fear because of the overcrowding of money demanders and robbers at the daily Umplang market.
Shillong, Naitung 27: MLAs from Meghalaya and Assam together with MDCs from the two states attended a meeting to discuss the peace and stability on the border between Meghalaya and Assam at Sabuda today. that District Council.
The group recently met with the Chief Minister Conrad Sangma on 7th October 2024 with a request that their demand should not be taken seriously.
Do not leave your home during bad weather, especially to work in the fields, feed the animals, fish, boat or go for a walk.
New Delhi, Nailur 30: Prime Minister Narendra Modi today inaugurated the 10-month program for Aspirational Blocks in the country known as 'Sankalp Saptaah' at Bharat Mandapam, New Delhi today.
Speaking to media on Saturday at Shillong Press Club, he said that at the time of independence, all the ethnic groups were included under the Presidential Order 1950 which included 53 ethnic groups. tribes belonging to the northeastern part of India.
The Meghalaya Steering Committee (Minor Mineral) Mining Lease Holder with regret has gone to discuss the matter with the Government.
It is worth mentioning that Ravi has received a complaint from many quarters regarding his visit in the middle of the night to take Bindas Syiem for a medical check-up. without limits for days near the Additional Secretariat.
Thanks also go to the Mawlai Iewrynghep Youth Association and the Rangbah Shnong who have provided a playground for them every day at the Community Hall.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: The Director of Health Services (DHS) today said that 117 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 53 in West Garo Hills, 47 in South Garo Hills and 8 in South Garo Hills. There are 925 cases in South West Garo Hills, 2 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 1 case in Ri Bhoi and 1 case in West Khasi Hills.
There are 19 recoveries from East Jaintia Hills, 2 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from Eastern West Khasi Hills, 1 from North Garo Hills, 1 from Ri Bhoi, 2 from South West Garo Hills. South West Khasi Hills 1, West Garo Hills 3, West Jaintia Hills 3 cases.
The President of the CSPTA, Thengrak M Sangma, said that the teachers have lost hope because they have been in the teaching profession for several years. three works for.
At present, the BJP has decided to nominate a candidate for 1-Shillong but at his request, the BJP will support Bah Paul Lyngdoh, the UDP candidate. that Bah Paul will be a man who can lead the people of the North East of India.
Many filmmakers and producers as well as those involved in the film industry attended the event.
To apply , to take the recruitment examinations and the conduct of the recruitment examinations in a clean manner without any doubts applicants feel that it is their right as applicants and therefore they believe that you may receive these communications.
They will look into the textile and handicraft industries, agricultural products and tourism.
The Returning Officer of the 1-Shillong Parliamentary Constituency has enforced Section 144 CrPC to prohibit the gathering of people.
As the Cabinet led by Dr Mukul Sangma did not attend the meeting, the party has decided to continue its strike. On 26/7/2017, on 27/7/2017 they will hold a meeting of members of the party at the Additional Secretariat and on 29/7/2019 the party has invited all the MLAs who There is a meeting in the ruling party to discuss the same issues.
Bah MD Syiem, welcomed Bah Lumkamai and expressed his gratitude to him for coming without any rules and his courageous spirit, to come forward as in This time to improve the quality of life of Umroi Constituency.
He said that the union will continue to monitor these shortcomings in these health centers and if the government continues to act silently, the union will not hesitate to take other measures to fight against them. The government for the rights of thousands of people in these rural areas has said that even the most serious illnesses have to be sent to PHC Mawhati and Shillong.
He said that the opposition to the implementation of the Roster System since 1972 is not only the issue of the KSU but the issue of everyone as it is the life and death of the nation as a whole.
D 5 PGP graduates, 238 PGP graduates, PGPEX graduates 43 PGPWE2020-22 graduates 16 PGPWE2021 graduates Speaking at the ceremony, the Chairman of the University, Shishir Kumar Bajoria, congratulated the students who have completed their studies and said He said that these students from IIM Shillong will be the leaders in society.
The Chief Minister said that the government will spend T.400 crore to improve development works in the rural areas. agriculture.
There are about 18,000 vehicles under the JCCCV and this has affected 100,000 people and 15,000 households in Khasi and Jaintia Hills alone.
SHILLONG, Naiwieng 11: After several days, there has been a strong demand from time to time to reconstitute another MDC constituency in Ri Bhoi District, Umsning. The CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, in a meeting with the leaders of the Ri-Bhoi Youth Development and Social Organization (RIDO) (RBYDSO), Rangbah Shnong and other leaders promised that a committee will be set up to look into the demand for a new MDC constituency for Umsing. This demand was also made after there was talk that the KHADC has suspended the division of constituencies since 2008, when Bah Cleophas Ban Syiem, former MDC of Nongpoh, I was appointed as my CEM this year.
Wellbith Rani, convener of these three organizations, said that what they want is that the government should implement security measures to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners into the country. state, according to the rules and regulations which the Government has already enacted.
The NKFI also met with Satpal Singh, Secretary, who agreed to make kickboxing a regular sport recognized by the government.
The office bearers of the Union have requested the leaders of various Kurs in East Khasi Hills District to attend this meeting to discuss and explain the intention of the Union to elect the office bearers. and to confirm on this day and others.
This day is also the anniversary of the opening of the Degree Course at the College.
Speaking to media, he praised the initiatives of the Chief Minister of Assam, who has been monitoring from time to time the progress of the work with the Minister in charge of Public Health. Jayanta Malla Baruah for the progress of the Jaljeevan Mission Project in Assam.
Shillong, Naitung 19: U Pa,im Mewel Shadap, 87, Syiem of Raid Nongtung, Khynriem Hima, Shillong, has passed away on Tuesday at his residence in Umpowin, Ri Bhoi District. bat a few months.
In the past few days, the JSU has said that the government has refused to grant ILP to the state after informing the central government many times through the Union Home Minister.
Without delay, I, Bah Banshai Marbaniang, had a face-to-face meeting with Bah O.Nongbri who is the Managing Director (MD) of MCAB Head Office Shillong and I expressed the urgent need to set up a Automated Teller Machine (ATM) in Mawsynram.
The meeting also discussed the demand for Inner Line Permit in Meghalaya and urged the Governor to discuss this with the Prime Minister and the Minister of Home Affairs. house in India.
Regarding the National Highway 127B from Nongstoin Maweit to Nongjri which is 75km long which the government declared on April 5, 2017 as a national highway, said Anthony Umiong President Mawiet.
The scheme, which was launched today, targets people in the garment industry.
If they are found to have Corona virus, they will be taken to government health centers and if they are not positive, they will be allowed to go to their villages in the districts where they are.
“In the North East, if you say in Manipur we support the MNF and in Nagaland we support the NDPP led by Neiphu Rio because they are part of the NDA,” he said.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, President of the Academy, Bah Franky Kharumnuid, said that most of the tournaments are for boys. There are no women's tournaments in Shillong except for the league organized by the Shillong Sports Association.
Regarding the management of these schools, the central government will allocate funds for five years and after five years the state governments will have to take over the management of these schools.
She also congratulated the KSU Malki Circle for taking the initiative to recognize those students who have done well in Khasi subject in their examinations.
The Chief Minister said that through the Building Bye Laws, taking into account the directives of the High Court, the State Government has agreed to empower the Town Committees (to be notified) which will fall under the Building Bye Laws. The KHADC is not established in accordance with the provisions of the Meghalaya Town and Country Act
The public is urged to be patient.
At the same time, it was learned that the state government will provide T.50,000 to the dead and T.10,000 to the injured. unfortunately in this car change.
Dr DRL Nonglait, who was the chief guest at the meeting, in his speech, said that in taking part in this meeting, there should be no discrimination. to allow anyone to speak directly to the subject they should speak.
According to a statement from West Jaintia Hills Police, the bus was coming from Jiribam in Manipur.
Ms Bindas also posted a sign in front of the Sher Dar house that she has been staying indefinitely at the parking lot opposite the Additional Secretariat office.
The allocation of DoNER for the year 2019-2020 is T.26.70 crore.
At this meeting, COMSO explained to the Minister of Home Affairs that its members are on the border with Bangladesh and Assam to assist the police. The Infiltration Department has decided to prevent the entry of foreigners into these states.
Regarding this demand, the Prime Minister said that he has sought a report from the Urban Development Department and the Land Department to clarify the matter. and the cleansing shall be upon them.
“Three times I have come to Jaintia Hills to inspect the site.
In any part of the world, any act of violence is a struggle against humanity.
Shillong, Lber 02: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today called an emergency meeting with the Minister in charge of Electricity, James K Sangma and the offices to discuss the issue. At this meeting, the Minister of Power, James K Sangma, said that the reason for the light outage of MeECL is that there are The National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC) has been working hard to ensure that the lights are turned off.
The Bangladesh team will arrive in Shillong on the 24th of this month.
Thousands of people have lost their lives in these countries.
The Prime Minister said the government will introduce measures to improve revenue collection.
“Criticizing the Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Pala said, “Another important thing is that it is difficult, you know if we build a church, any religious leader has to consecrate it. But now the Prime Minister of India is just trying to promote the Ram Mandir instead of allowing the Sadhus to do their duty, the politicians are doing their job.
The Minister said that the law will take action against those who commit illegal acts.
Shillong, Naitung 01: The 7-Shnong Congress Circle has distributed foodgrains to more than 100 poor households in Moolang, Moosniang Rim and Rangad. .
and other singers who took part in this event.
The Minister of State for Education, Dr Subhas Sarkaru took part in the RozgarMelaha Shillong where he distributed appointment letters to the newly employed youth after the speech of the Prime Minister.
On this occasion, the Minister also distributed certificates to those who have completed the training.
Shillong, Lber 12: The Meghalaya Film Makers Association (MFIMA) has congratulated the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma for his promise to introduce a film policy for the development of filmmakers. does not make films in the state.
These are the 'poor and happy', 'women', 'young people' and 'farmers'
Agens Kharshiing has faced many problems in relation to the police following the shooting death of Full Moon Dhar at the hands of the police in
Bantei Rynghang General Secretary of the UDP Umroi said that in fact the party has already announced the name of Bah FFD Ramsiej as the candidate, but after discussions it was agreed to reopen the party. If you or Bah Mangara Pathaw gets a ticket, you will be able to cooperate.
There is a lot of traffic but not all the vehicles are smuggled into Bangladesh.
The meeting was attended by KSU, FKJGP, HNYF, SSSS, KJWA, KSU NEHU Unit and Hynniewtrep Research Scholars' Association.
In his speech, Bah B.Mawlong, Joint Secretary, Department of Agriculture, Government of Meghalaya, said that since ancient times, the people of Meghalaya have been involved in agriculture and until now 80% of the The population of the state is farmers and 60% of the farmland is food producing.
The rules of the ZED have been simplified to include more than 10 million MSMEs in the ZED. All industrial groups and technical institutions have joined together to participate in this scheme.
He said that the party has already submitted 14 demands to Dr Mukul Sangma and one of them is that the government should implement the ILP in the state and if the government wants you can do it.
He said that this is to inform all the branches of the SSA Teachers Association and the 4th Teachers who are the Presidents and Secretaries in the Districts, Blocks and Units to know that the Meghalaya SSA Teachers Association (MSSASA), The party has dismissed Bah Dkhar from his post for violating the rules of procedure of the party.
Shillong, Naitung 05: A meeting between the KHADC and the landowners and traders at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall today decided to submit only one affidavit to the Khasi National Dorbar Hall. The Supreme Court of India on the ban on mining in the state.
The Food and Nutrition Department has informed the public that if they have any questions, please call 1967, 18003453670 and 0364-2
– Newspaper: means the news published on the front page of the newspaper.
This order shall apply to all parts of East Khasi Hills District until further notice.
The advice of the mother is always beneficial for us.
The two organizations also discussed the issue of discrimination against Northeast and South Indians under various central government laws such as the forced use of Hindi and the displacement of other ethnic groups. you are from Meghalaya or Tamil Nadu.
Passah urged the District Council not to issue a Trading License to any foreigner.
The family members of the deceased have lodged a complaint at Nongpoh Police Station and requested the police to conduct a thorough investigation to track down those involved in this crime.
In NE, there are 12 cities eligible for this scheme.
Shillong, July 10: The KSU Jaintia Hills District has urged the state government to hold peace talks with the HNLC which is the only armed group in Hynniewtrep.
There are 26 recoveries, 17 from East Khasi Hills, 17 from Ri Bhoi, 3 from West Garo Hills and 1 from West Jaintia Hills.
Places where smoking is prohibited include hotels, restaurants, coffee shops, pubs, bars, airport lounges, auditoriums, hospitals, stadiums, offices, courts, educational institutions, libraries, etc. public places, railway stations, bus stops and other public places.
Kharjahrim said that there is no point in talking to the state government if these two departments of the central government cannot attend the meeting to understand the purpose of the construction of these projects. street.
When asked whether he has decided to support the EC led by the NPP or not, he has turned his back on the UDP because it has allowed him to continue as an MDC. “I have been appointed as MDC with the approval of the former President,” he said. of the UDP, (L) Dr Donkupar Roy.
As part of the Citizenship Amendment Bill
Shillong, Nailur 09: The KSU on 9th November 2021 has launched a protest against the demand for ILP, border, Khasi language and early implementation of the MRSSA. The North Khasi Hills District Unit through various departments has placed signboards in the border areas to draw attention to the Government's response to the demands of the Jaidbynriew.
The letter states that the KHNAM State Youth Wing has sought information through RTI on the mismanagement of the Council's funds in the year 2007-08, and the KHADC has not responded to the KHNAM. The Council has not calculated VAT from 155 work contracts for the year 2007-08 which has resulted in a loss of 8,05,756.31 Tyngka.
In this regard, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare will send a report to the government as he is a government employee.
The residents have asked when this bus stop will be completed.
If they get money from the MLA/MDC, they help, if they don't get money from them, they don't have the opportunity to help others.
Shaining Puwein (Former President of Mawshynrut AYC) and other leaders also signed a memorandum to set up a PHC at Seinduli and a Sub-Centre at Riangkang.
He promised Modi to cooperate in all areas especially in the North East of India.
Surprisingly, leaders from other parties were invited to speak at the meeting, but the true explanations according to the RTI reply were not discussed at the meeting.
I hope you will use the Y20 opportunity to educate us and take responsibility to ensure that the declaration you bring to the G20 leaders is one that achieves the aspirations of all young people in rural and urban areas, in developing and developed countries.
In 2023-2024, 340 Rohingyas and Bangladeshis were arrested from the border. The RPF and the army are on patrol to ensure that foreigners do not enter India.
Expunction- Wengnia shall not expel the opinions of the members of the Legislative Assembly from the report or the bill submitted to the Legislative Assembly.
Please return to this juk now.
Hundreds of teachers from all over the state came to take part in this strike.
On the other hand, Ban Pynshkhem said that the party congratulates the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) for passing a law ban ban issuing trading license to foreigners. This is the main decision of the leaders and members of the Council in order to promote the development and income of the indigenous people.
The mother said that she would not go to the doctors if her daughter did not force her because she did not have any peace or security.
Since the mining industry plays a vital role in economic activities, the GSDP of the state declined in 2014-15 by 2.1%.
The B20 Conference of the G20 Presidency has given Mizoram a golden opportunity to showcase its heritage and tourist attractions including traditional games, statues, sacred places, beautiful hills, heritage sites. specifically wild animals.
If the Sub Post Office in Mawsynram has to look after other Branch Post Offices in the Block, it will cause more problems to the people who don't use the Post Office as a place to save money. and other activities.
Hydropower generation in the North East has increased by 113% since 2014, from 852 per month in 2014 to 1817 per month in 2022. 600 MW Kameng Hydro Power Station, The project at a cost of more than T 8450 crore is located on an area of ​​80 kilometers in West Kameng District of Arunachal Pradesh.
The resolution should not request for ILP but that the Government of India should re-register the Khasi and Jaintia Hills and if it is the Garo Hills District as they have been since before the independence of India.
The other constituencies will be announced in the coming days while the constituencies are being finalised.
The fire damaged three rooms of the office, including the Strong Room, where documents and money were kept, a source said. head government.
Police said that if anyone knows the body, it has been placed at the morgue at the Civil Hospital.
The ANVC(B) says the government should expedite the peace talks or the party will leave the peace talks. but now they are turned into darkness.
Another purpose of this meeting was to ensure that as a kur, the jaid should hold on to the foundation of the village society so as not to lead to bloodshed between the kurs.
From this truck, members of the party found 10 Dkhars hiding behind this truck.
From time to time, the cent has gone to close down such places, without respecting the customs and traditions.
The lack of electricity has been going on since the evening of 3rd July 2023 and until now the village authorities on the following day on 4th July 2023 have informed the officers of the department. MePDCL in Ummiam.
Shah said there can be no peace in the country and in the border areas of any country without a vigilant police force.
They also rushed to the scene of the fire to lend a helping hand even though they had to put themselves in danger.
If our country believes in unity among differences, it (the Government of India) has the right to recognize our language, the language which has entered Kolkata University since
She said she is grateful to the Meghalaya government for providing 10 acres of land at Umsawli, East Khasi Hills district to build a perfect house for the CRC. it shall be planted in these days.
Shillong, March 28: The Catholic Church today lost Father Varky Chittoor who passed away this morning.
On the other hand, the KSU leader said that this is a clear message that the leaders have not taken the decision that the indigenous people should sit in power.
The meeting will be held at 11 am.
The second objective is to provide education to all children without discrimination between genders and he urged the parents of Mawrah to send their children to this school so that they can get an education. The fourth objective is to provide quality education from an early age especially in science and mathematics subjects which our children are more interested in. respect.
I said I will fight to win, but I will not win without your support.
The people of Meghalaya have had a close relationship with nature since ancient times.
Many such incidents have been reported in different parts of East Khasi Hills district in the past few months and the investigation is ongoing to arrest the suspects through the “Online.
The approval of the anti defection law, the prohibition of one man one post and the transfer of District Councils to Territorial Councils.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: Catholics from all over the states of Ri Khasi Jaintia today attended the annual procession at the Cathedral Parish on Sunday. of November each year.
The JPC will be in Shillong for two days. The meeting started today at the State Convention Center Shillong and will continue tomorrow morning at the same venue. The people of Meghalaya have received a letter from the people of Meghalaya on this initiative of the Central Government.
This new block was formerly part of the Dalu Block.
Prime Minister Duh said it is certain that the opportunities in India and the opportunities in India will have better confidence and that this confidence should be taken as opportunities. new.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Minister said that the complaint has been received that there is a snowstorm of soh niamtra trees in the state and after receiving the complaint, officers have been sent to investigate. how much color affects.
The Chief Minister said that this is in the budget of the state government.
The BSF said that the counterfeit notes seized from the two Indians were made in Pakistan. The BSF has been vigilant and has been patrolling the border to ensure that There is nothing wrong with that.
The village authorities have informed the BSF troops in Dawki to talk to them about the BGB and to complain about the entry of Bangladesh troops into the village. The BSF of India did not come to the scene.
With this, the mobile network has been extended to 5540 villages in Meghalaya by various licensees of the DoT. 743 Base Transceiver Stations (BTSs) and 507 villages have not yet received them in Meghalaya.
Peter J. Lawai, Asst.General Secretary, KSU Central Body, has sent a letter of resignation to the KSU. He was also a member of the Seng and said that it is not for his own personal reasons.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Kong Amparren said that the purpose of this visit was to see that the work should proceed smoothly as the government wants to complete it soon. to ensure that the construction of the roads should be as planned.
Shillong, June 28: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) of South West Khasi Hills District today met with the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui. Khasi Hills District and Mawsynram Block.
Bah MH Dkhar said that in the recent meeting of Bah MH Dkhar with some of the poor households who lived in coal mining in the past, they expressed their deep sorrow. NGT has banned coal mining in Meghalaya.
If this is the true wish and desire of the people as it appears on social media, our state will undoubtedly bring about a change with a new way of working with new people.
Women's SHGs have come forward and many of them have taken over the villages for Shramdaan.
The main reason for the difficulties alleged by the union is that in these years there has been no development work and the worst thing is that instead of helping the youth who have passed The DSC examination was conducted to extend the time but nothing was done to help them.
At present, their status has been put in question because they have not been recognized by the Assam government whether they are low paid or not. They are Khasi, Pnar, War, Bhoi and Lyngngam but this demand of theirs has been ignored until now and they have been used only as a vote bank of political parties.
Shillong, Lber 20: U Bah Ransom Sutnga, on Tuesday said that he has already sent his resignation letter from the post of Executive Engineer, Construction Department of the Government on 7th October accept en em is no longer your fault.
All these activities are aimed at making the club have its own income.
Shillong, November 07: The Inquiry Commission headed by retired Chief Justice Justice Rahkhowa has completed all its investigations and will submit its report to the Government on 11th July .
“We carry only 18 tonnes of food items while the night vehicles carrying mawiong carry only 30 tonnes.
The purpose of this new scheme is to bring about development projects in this region and the North Eastern Region of India so that it can keep pace with other sectors in terms of economic development. such as roads, water supply, electricity and especially schemes to promote tourism, construction of schools and health.
Bawan Nongsiet Vice President of the party said that the party cannot accept this allegation if there is any incident the party cannot remain silent, the government should arrest immediately. like these people.
The Princess met with the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma and welcomed the name of the state government as it has been accepted as a “State Quest”.
Because it is in the rural areas, there is a need for guides by the villagers and the guide fee will not be less than 500/- tyngka per group.
The condition of the NH-44 is a great shame to the State of Meghalaya and has hampered the trade as this road is the bloodline of economic development.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Charles Marngar said that the people have been insulted by the Karbi in which they have set up gates to collect from the farmers especially those in the Umsohphi is the only one who rules.
Because of her hard work in the field of education, she has made a great contribution to NEHU and the state of Meghalaya as well.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has also issued guidelines to the public on how to prevent the spread of the disease by staying away from each other and wearing masks in public places. .
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, said that to achieve victory, there is no shortcut to reach the goal in life but what is needed is not only hard work. all of them are responsible for their own work.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, today visited parts of Wallonia, Belgium in the presence of the Commissioner and Secretary of the Ministry of Home Affairs. the Chief Minister and a delegation from the Agriculture Department of the State Government Sampath Kumar.
Shillong, November 29: The power outage of MePDCL in Shillong this November will be from 9.00 am to 11.00 pm every day and in rural areas from 9.00 am to 11.00 pm every day. 4.00 pm.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITA) has decided to increase the price of petrol and diesel in Meghalaya and across the country by the BJP-led NDA Government. The NPP-led Party (NPP) has congratulated the Government on its initiative to increase revenue.
The Joint Inspection Team (JIT) appointed by the State Government has arrested 1800 hectares (18 square kilometers) of forest land in the state. What has the Central Government done about the discovery of the cement plans? Ask a question.
At the same time, the Seng expresses its concern to the Dakhars who are of Hynniewtrep (Khasi/Pnar) origin and requests for their support to work with the Trai Mukul Sangma on this issue.
They both swore in English in the name of God.
The union has sent a letter of recommendation to the Deputy Commissioner of the district on how to protect the children and youth from this evil.
The union strongly condemns this brutal behavior of the police of Mawkyrwat Police Station which is illegal to touch or shoot people especially in police custody.
With this victory, Lajong will prepare for the North-East Derby against Aizawl FC on Tuesday at 2 pm at the SSA Stadium, Shillong.
Tura, March 26: U Abdul Kalam Azad has been arrested by the Garo Hills Police on charges of involvement in the murder of Ram Chandra Thakur of Bhaiybhari village in West Garo Hills on the night of the 25th. He escaped from the hands of the police while they were taking him to Phulbari CHC. Kalam escaped when he said he had a pain in his body and could not eat now. Two or three days later, the police who accompanied him to the government health center put him on a chair but did not arrest him, while one of the policemen was leaving. When asked by the nurse who works at the scene, the man fled the scene when the police saw that he was no longer at the scene.
The HNLC expects the HNLC to be involved in the peace talks so that they can resolve the issues of the Jaidbynriew which have been pending for more than 70 years since India gained independence. The Dohlieh, therefore, are ready to negotiate with the Government of India without any conditions whether within or outside the Constitution of India.
The Congress party has condemned this increase.
Referring to the relationship with other parties in the MDA government, the Prime Minister said that even if they are in the government, when the elections come, they can put their votes. of the candidates, if they do not nominate candidates, they shall support each other.
Public administration is not only to elect a government during elections, but this meeting where all are at the same level should be improved and strengthened as the days go by. the only difference is that they are distractions to go beyond the Constitution of the country and these acts are shameful in the eyes of the people.
This is according to the estimates prepared by the Election Commission of India.
Police are investigating the incident to arrest all those involved.
The scheme‘has led to a 16-point increase in the number of girls and boys since 2014.
On the first day, 19th March, 2020, four Rangbah Kur including the Chief President Bah DL Warjri, Saiñpynïar, Sunshine Warjri along with other members of the Kur.
On this day, it was seen that the vendors have opened their shops and the sale of goods and services has gone on as usual. The nine-hour curfew has made it easier for the people to pay their bills.
On the same day, the Supervisors were also elected in each Circle as part of the efforts to strengthen and facilitate the work of the Seng.
Nidu has been arrested on charges of rape registered under Case No. 7(4) 17(1)(m) of the POCSO Act.
I'll follow the example of my ancestors, I'll follow the example of the ancestors.
Shillong, Lber 05: The new Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the biggest challenge facing his government is the unemployment of educated youth. .
To resolve the border between Meghalaya and Assam to claim that this is the territory of Meghalaya and that belongs to Assam will not reach anywhere because Meghalaya is The Chandra Chuk Committee has been appointed.
These new office bearers were confirmed by the President Joe Marwein and after this the Seng laid flowers at the statue of Tirot Singh in Mairang and held a 10 minute silence. 178th death anniversary of Syiem Tirot Singh.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: The Director of Health Services (DHS) today announced that 71 cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills, 53 cases in West Garo Hills, 3 cases in Ri Bhoi, 3 cases in North Garo Hills. 2, West Khasi Hills 1, 858 cases.
Shillong, July 8: The road connecting Lumpyngngad to Muktapur Road has been damaged due to heavy rainfall today.
At the same time, he said that there is a danger that if he returns to Tibet, China will arrest and imprison him, because the authorities in China call him a devil, but the whole world. one knows what is happening in Tibet.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Pyniaid said that at this meeting they submitted the list of 16 MDCs in the UDA and at the meeting they requested the Governor to look into it. to this.
He said that according to the documents of the company, the company should have shut down the company which has been running illegally. The company does not have the necessary documents to be authorized by the government.
Therefore, instead of creating new dialects, it should be added to the Khasi alphabet in addition to those that have A to Y. Khasi language and customs have suggested to include 'C', 'Cj' and 'Oo' to be more accurate and perhaps to remove 'G' because 'K' is appropriate in all words.
“We are a small nation and if the railway is allowed to reach us, we will be overwhelmed and expelled from here, we will be deprived of our land, employment and trade. Therefore, I will not allow you to build a railway line.
The author said, “This book was written by the voice of God who spoke to my soul to write this book and without the call of God it cannot be written and it cannot be written. complete this court.
He pointed to the increased security evident through the increased number of tourists to the Kashmir valley.
At the same time, the SPC sends its condolences to the family of the journalist.
The committee will be headed by Dr. Shankar Acharya, former Chief Secretary and PV Rajaraman, former Cabinet Secretary and PV Rajaraman, former Secretary in charge. The Tamil Nadu Government and other members were also appointed.
The program aims to enable all the people including students, intellectuals, traders, artists and others from the region to come together in one place to share their knowledge and customs. work best and that they learn from the experiences of others.
On the other hand, the union reminds that in the struggle for the state, the struggle was fought without any violence.
This was arranged on the directive of NESO and mass protests were also witnessed across the North East.
Shillong, November 02: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Latiplang Kharkongor has said that the meeting will be held at 2.00 pm on Monday. He said that more than 100 files belonging to the Trade Department have been stolen from the office and now they are being sent to the officers to find out where these files are.
Speaking at the party office before filing nomination papers, NPP National President Conrad K Sangam said the party hopes to win in all three Assembly constituencies. victory is based on the work she has done in the last three and a half years.
There are 44 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 26 from East Garo Hills, 9 from East Garo Hills, 6 from West Garo Hills, 2 from West Jaintia Hills and 1 from East Jaintia Hills. there are 11927 people.
Police said that they have not yet identified the name of the woman and they are still trying to find out the name of the woman. Police have taken her away. The body was taken to the Civil Hospital Shillong for treatment.
Similarly, Laitumkhrah is indeed the most developed constituency in Shillong.
Tynsong said that after the issuance of notifications in the past years to implement the Meghalaya Building Bye Law, the Government has empowered MUDA and District Councils. to Check carefully.
He said that as a member of the Education Policy Committee, he wanted the names of the teachers to appear in the policy.
The purpose of the meeting was to understand whether they support or oppose the ILP. Speaking to reporters after the ruling MLAs did not attend the meeting, The HYC has decided to hold protests in the constituencies of the ruling MLAs and this protest will now be known as the “Iada ka Bri Hynniewtrep Mission”.
To allow the Dorbar Shnongs to look into the matter, it has been decided that if they have any suggestions, the Dorbar Shnongs can submit them to the KHADC on or before 15th November
Speaking to media after the meeting, the Deputy Chief Executive Member (Dy.CEM) of the Council, Bah Pynshngain N.Syiem, said that the meeting decided to oppose the bill. The NDA Government has its own objectives to violate the rights and customs and traditions.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Titosstarwell Chyne on Tuesday said that the government has not yet sent to the District Councils the announcement. marrep was released in
The KDA supports this demand and we hope that the talks to be held on the 2nd will bring results, not just the promises.
The talks went smoothly throughout the day in the meeting with various groups but in the middle of the night while the talks were going on inside the office of the Prime Minister who usually holds meetings, suddenly unidentified persons attacked. stone the police.
Other demands of these organizations include the inclusion of the Khasi language in the fifth schedule of the Constitution of the country. CAA, the demand for the rectification of the border and the implementation of the entry and exit points which are already included in the MRSSA Act. East Jaitnia Hills District.
Shillong, Nailur 27: Students of Shillong from all over the city today held a march from Iewrynhep Square to the Additional Secretariat to demand from the government authorities to improve the environment.
Before leaving the venue, the HYC members threw blue balloons with the slogan, “No ILP, No Rest.
She said that between the 10th and 15th a letter will be sent to relocate the vendors from the Police Point to the Beat House for the convenience of the passengers while passing through Laitumkhrah.
He said that in other states like Kolkata, Maharashtra and others, they have seen a rapid increase because the government has those issues, but in Meghalaya it has not. don that stay cut beat.
If the park management groups in the city and suburbs are allowed to earn money, then the rural areas should also be allowed.
Banshailang alleged that this clearly shows the violence and violation of property rights by Dr. Mukul Sangma.
The union understands that if the construction of the temple goes ahead, the union will invite other private individuals or groups to claim the land belonging to the government and build their own houses or land. They are located in East Jaintia Hills District.
The three-month training was conducted by the Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) with the financial support of SIDBI, Shillong.
Referring to Preston Tynsong, he said that in his speech, National President Conrad K Sangma said that the constituency where Prestone leads is the constituency that produces the Prime Minister.
November 11: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, today said that according to the decision of the Hon'ble Meghalaya High Court on 11/11/2016 in the WP(C) case.
Speaking to SP News Agency, UDP leader Allantry Dkhar said that the Congress party's proposal has been made since the MLA elections before the formation of the government. The party did not say anything because the proposal remained a proposal.
He said that the presence of this engineering college in the state will prevent the flow of money from the state to other states of India and education will be one of the transformers. Shillong Government College of Engineering will be one of those colleges and the existence of this college will help the students who have completed the Diploma to enter the engineering course.
To date, the number of Tests Per Million (TPM) in the country is
Shillong, Nailar 12: The Chief Officer of Meghalaya, MS Road, today said that a meeting with religious leaders was held to discuss the rules for the reopening of churches. rules for marriage and to support the vaccination campaign to prevent the spread of COVID-1
Speaking to reporters, Jambor said the KHADC has lifted the ban on holding elections and the elections in various himas will start in November.
“NEHUSU through its Secretary strongly condemns the inability of the Vice Chancellor to look into the issues of the students even after the Union has raised many demands from time to time. .
At this meeting, the UDP State Youth Wing leaders decided to hold an election on the 28th June at 11 am at the residence of (L) Dr Donkupar Roy and He invited the UDP youth from all districts of the state to attend the meeting with about 20 people from each district.
On this day, the parents and relatives of these four Deacons, religious people and faithful who came from near and far to witness on this most special day in the life of these four Deacons. young.
The total number of cases has risen to 121, while 45 have recovered.
The Prime Minister said that one of the things that has affected his life is to bring about a change in human beings. He said that he believes that as scientists, officers and citizens we should strive to bring about change for the better in this person in his or her personal life every day, this is with the right of every human being because all are human beings.
As a leader, Bah Joy has contributed a lot in the political field to advocate for the country and the nation as well as in the work of God, he said and we should remember this great man on his birthday. His birthday is July 12, 1884 and his death date is July 1,
In Ri Bhoi, 11 cases, 54 cases in Garo Hills, 9 cases in Jaintia Hills and 24 cases in Tura.
Robertjune Kharjahrin said that the number of Bangladeshis has increased in the North East and in India as a whole.
Therefore, we don't see that the Assam Government will be able to turn more and more to the border of Nagaland as they turn to the border of Meghalaya.
The people who intend to go to work, their day ends in driving all day while their work stops without reaching anywhere.
The DC said that the shops selling food items in Paltan Bazar, Iewmawlong and Iewduh will open to allow traders from other districts to come and buy after getting permission from their DCs.
Some families accept, some reject and some hide all the facts.
Today, it was seen that the parking of trucks from ICAR, to Umiam and on to Lad Umsaw, and in Umsning police have parked trucks along the road and this has caused more than a thousand trucks to have to park. Stand on the road from Shillong to Guwahati.
The union has complained that the government has not been able to stop the illegal activities in the area as it is a coal mining area.
The Assistant Rangbah Shnong also urged the members of the KSU to be like a light to those who have fallen into darkness and to be like a light to those who have fallen into darkness. who have suffered the loss of many lives.
Congress leaders who took part in the visit to the RBI office in Shillong were Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, Amapreen Lyngdoh, Ministers in the State Government. Shillong, July 18: Assam MLA S Husian, Chairman of the MPCC and many other office bearers of the MPCC, Shillong, July 18: A tree has burnt down inside the party. The damage to the Bareh Shopping Complex in Dhakheti has been estimated at more than Rs.
Shillong, Iaiong 08: Twenty-nine students of St Margareth School in Laitumkhrah have fallen into a rock and 11 of them have been admitted to Nazareth Hospital. don ha Intensive Care Unit.
The houses in this area show the characteristics of the Hima according to the land as this area still has many needs to be improved to hold the tamsa bd at present there are 11 houses. trep from the 54 kingdoms.
The driver of the truck (AS01 DC 3843), Skhemborlang Jana, escaped without injuries.
Taxi drivers today stopped working as a sign of protest against the shooting of one of their fellow drivers.
A Khasi almanac has also been published which contains market days across the parts of Bri Hynniewtrep.
Miani said that when she arrived at the scene, Daryl ordered the magistrates to take pictures of the fingers, but at this time Agatha said that many of them had touched the weapon. “We cannot find out the truth,” said the Congress candidate.
The current problem is not the increase in income in the state but the increase in the price of food items and this affects the poor people of the state, if there is an increase in income Even if the price increases, it will not affect much but the income will decrease while the price increase will affect the people.
Besides the ILP, other demands include the renewal of the National Registration of Citizenship 1951, the removal of the AFSPA 1958 from the region, the amendment of the CAA. region.
The Government should also set up a special health center for newborns, implement the Family Planning Scheme set aside by the Government of India, and set up a special clinic within the Mawsynram CHC. Because we know clearly that all these are the most important parts of this age in terms of health whether it is for the poor or the rich as well. Regarding the proper delivery of medicines to the hospital, all the special allocations from the government through the NRHM under various programs such as the implementation of JSY, JSSK, MHIS, School Health Program and others should be provided properly. The implementation of the Ambulance should be in accordance with other programs which the Central Government has allocated for the people and not to go to anyone's plan. Perhaps the lack of responsibility on the part of the Government to provide such services has led the doctors inside the CHC to market their own medicines from their clinics.
Jowai, July 01: The AJYWO Sengkmie has expressed its deep sorrow over the delay of the NGT to immediately consider the mining and transportation of coal in Meghalaya which has affected the people of Meghalaya. The people of Meghalaya who earn their living by mining, billing and trading coal.
Labiang loves the country only from home without the spirit of fighting.
Shillong, November 09: The Meghalaya People's Human Rights Council (MHRC) will hold a celebration of the Human Rights Day in Shillong tomorrow.
Shillong, July 21: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has registered with the Election Commission of India (ECI) on Tuesday. The President of the party, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, in the presence of the party supporters, held a rally in Smit.
In order to convey the message of Sangrahalaya which showcases the achievements and contributions of all the Prime Ministers of the country to the people, Modi spoke on the need to promote Sangrahalaya among the youth by holding competitions about its role in colleges and universities across the country.
Shillong: The Lum Jingthang Committee of the Seng Khasi Kmie, today completed a public clean-up of the Lum Jingthang Briew, located in Jaiaw.
He said that about 2.5 crore farmers will participate in this program across the country. 532 KVKs, more than 1.0 lakh Primary Agricultural Cooperative Societies and 5.0 lakh Common Service Centers (CSCs). ) from across the country will participate in this program to provide information to farmers.
Various competitions were held among the students of the school during the two-day programme.
Shillong, March 13: U Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that she doesn't think that motherhood has no power in society.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: There are 72 new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 22 in East Khasi Hills, 11 in West Jaintia Hills and 10 in West Jaintia Hills. There are 962 cases in East Garo Hills, 6 cases in Ri Bhoi Hills, 6 cases in West Garo Hills, 6 cases in West Garo Hills,
One of the major achievements of this scheme is the observation of self-employment by women.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: Police of Laitumkhrah Police Station today arrested Sajir Ranjan Paul on charges of raping a young woman at his pharmacy shop in the area.
At this meeting, the army could not take a decision because they have to talk about this issue but there will be a meeting in the coming days. Members of KSU, FKJGP, Mawshabuit Youth Wing.
However, when I visited Dhaka in April 2023, it was found that it was not suitable because the door was too small.
“When I look at our country as we used to say it is a country full of milk and honey but when we look at these days it is not so because the character of our nation has been in the middle of it. Therefore, you the people should be wise when electing your leaders, as the HSPDP is the party of our people, the party that “If you people don't support me, I will work for the country and the nation,” said Bah Panbor. “It's not easy for me if you people don't support me, it's through the people. “It is through the people that we can build and develop the country and the nation,” said Bah Panbor.
We have opened 60 airports, and 387 airports, of which 100 airports are for the North East and now 50 of these are operational.
On the other hand, the BSF saw that about three or four people had left the area to leave for Bangladesh. At night, the people managed to escape but the cows were caught.
Mobile shops have been allowed to open in Shillong and suburbs. These shops will open in the two Civil Sub Divisions Pynursla and Sohra and in all Block.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister said that the opening of this block is very important for the people of Ri Bhoi District as the schemes related to the people have been implemented through of blocks.
The Education Secretary of the RBYF, Bah Suborson Rangslang, while talking to reporters, said that the two organizations have strong confidence in the court and give it the decision. sooner, whether the CBI finding is true or not.
The Party has recommended that this practice should be abolished.
If the Nagaland Government can do this, why is the Meghalaya Government afraid to follow the same path?” asked the General Secretary-cum-Publicity Secretary of the HNLC, Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw in a statement sent to the media.
On the other hand, the authorities of Marten have started searching for the rescue since 10 pm but have not found anything. It is difficult for them to see because the fire is very bright.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: Meghalaya has not received the Border Area Development Scheme from the Ministry of Home Affairs for three years. , this scheme has been implemented on the border with Bangladesh.
“We on behalf of the Dorbar Shnong express our pride in them and we hope that they will be an example to other youths to concentrate on their studies without forgetting the manners and dignity,” he said. said Bah Shembhalang.
In India or in our nation, many of the villagers are farmers.
Of the 772, only 290 candidates have received the appointment letter till date.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: Despite heavy rain and darkness, the youth of Mizoram have flocked to the two-day military recruitment camp in Aizwal at Rajiv Gandhi Astro-Square. Turf Stadium, Mualpui on the 7th and 8th of this month.
He urged the relevant workers in this field to educate the people in this regard to breastfeed their children.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The Leader of the Opposition in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Dr. Mukul Sangma today said that when he saw what happened through the videos that the people of Malangona were being harassed by the Assam police, what is unacceptable.
The KSU hopes that through this meeting, the DC will inform the Puja committees to build Pung to break the idols as has been done in other places,” said Ma K Suchiang.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has sent a complaint that the CGI sheets distributed to the residents in Nongstoin and Mawthadrashan C&R blocks are not clean. and they shall not be able to do so.
The General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of India has strongly condemned the bombing of churches in Sri Lanka in which more than 100 people have lost their lives. that riew snow.
Application forms can be collected from the college on class days.
After the meeting, these leaders released 5 quintals of various fish into Wah Khri with the participation of the people of the area.
A Nikhla Joint Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya in charge of the DC(A) was also present and welcomed the meeting. Dy CEM of KHADC Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem and Rangbah Shnongs around the market were also present.
The Meghalaya Petroleum Dealers Association (MGPD) has expressed its support to the Meghalaya Police after receiving the hard work of the Meghalaya Police in arresting those involved in the theft of oil from trucks. aid road on the National Highway
The purpose of turning this road into a highway is to avoid traffic jam because Sunpur road has a frequent landslide. to the northern parts of Assam, Maipur, Mizoram, Tripura and Nagaland.
He was the first MP to keep his promise to distribute the MP scheme to the Hima and Elaka Dorbars and as MLA from Laitumkhrah he distributed the MLA scheme to the Dorbar Shnongs and Dorbar Shnongs. He also gave them the right to decide who and who will implement the scheme and he distributed the MLA scheme to all the villages without discrimination.
Following the incident on the night of 20th June, 2013, the office bearers of the Dorbar Shnong Urkaliar have patrolled to ensure that there will be no violence. no such incident within the boundary of the village.
Shillong, Nailur 19: The President of the Hill Farmers Union (HFU), Bah Commander Shangpliang on Tuesday confirmed the office bearers of five offices of the Union under Mawsynram Block. .
On the same day, the Finance Secretary of KSU Barak Valley Circle for the term 2018-2021 was also sworn in by Samla Manly Nongpluh Finance Secretary of KSU Central Body.
Speaking on the climb of the highest mountain in the world, she said that the climb is not easy. There are many difficulties and especially from the cold. it is that you should be able to walk on the top of this mountain.
“The 'SankalpSaptaah' is related to the implementation of the Aspirational Blocks Program (ABP).
Regarding the proposal for peace talks, the letter has been informed to the Central Government. The Central Government has held two meetings to discuss the proposal.
The Secretary to the Department of Mineral Resources, Bah E Kharmalki, said that there are 17 applications and four of them have already been sent to the government. The meeting was attended by the Chief Minister, Sniawbhalang Dhar, Santa Mary Shylla.
The price of PHH rice will be 3 tyngka per kilo and will be 5 kilos per person and for AAY rice will be 35 kilos per kilo at the price of 3 tyngka per kilo.
HYC President Bah Roy Kupar Synrem said the protest is to send a message to the Union Government through the Minister of Home Affairs whether the BJP-led Union Government recognizes Meghalaya as part of the Union Government. Shillong, July 19: U Minister of State for Home Affairs, Amit Shah on Friday inaugurated the Cyber ​​Security Operations Center at the Headquarters of the Assam Rifles. In the presence of the Director General of Assam Rifles, Lt.Gen PC Nair.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the government is ready to look after the people and soon they will discuss this issue so that the people can benefit.
In 2009, the Budget Session lasted 21 days, the Budget Session continued in July for 11 days and the Tlang Session lasted 5 days.
In this regard, the Chief Superintendent of Police, Shillong, said that the police will urge the court to investigate further into these crimes. blame.
According to sources, on Friday night, an unidentified person went to Nandichar village and assaulted a policeman. The Incas Riffle was also seized and another policeman opened fire on the incident. The incident happened at 5 pm.
The BSF said that these smugglers from Bangladesh not only came to buy these cows which were destroyed when they entered India but also stole as much as they could.
In his speech, Bah P.Syiem Deputy CEM said that this is the time to raise the issues to explain to the Central Government the uniqueness of the nation and this is the time to explain to the people. The Law Commission of India is against the Uniform Civil Code.
At present, the Government of India and the Supreme Court of India are highly respected.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (COMSO) today held an emergency meeting to discuss their dissatisfaction with the outcome of the meeting with the government. Speaking to reporters after the meeting, COMSO Chairman Robert June Kharjahrim said that during the meeting, they met with Home Minister Amit Shah on the ILP. They today decided that before they go ahead with stronger protests to show Delhi that Meghalaya needs ILP, the party will consult with the thinkers of Meghalaya. this state.
Replying to a question by MPCC President Vincent H Pala, he said that they have lodged a complaint today and will wait for the decision of the Speaker of the House on this matter. Think about how to proceed in this regard.
This is a significant change in India.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: BSF troops on the border with Bangladesh have arrested a Bangladeshi Khar from Laijuri village in East Jaintia Hills District. He was handed over to the Bangladesh BGB.
He said that because the residents who love Assam say that it belongs to Assam, there are others who say that it belongs to Meghalaya.
On the other hand, Bah Kmen said that the party holds fast to the Nehru-Noon Agreement 1958 which was signed between the two parties.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: U 22-year-old Iaradahun Suting, 22, of Shillong, who was poor while fetching water, fell into a pond and died at 2.30 pm today. nothing here.
These measures looking at reducing losses, improving meter-related work and meeting demand have boosted the smooth running of the Grid and paved the way for people to run the electrical system with clear sensitivity.
Shillong, July 10: Three seats of Executive Members of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) are still vacant.
On the other hand, the four organizations urged them to take action and take their time to attend the meeting for the sake of the welfare and responsibility of the people. Because of the demands of the work, all are kindly requested to take this as an information.
The written statement of these nine household members is now with the DC of East Jaintia Hills District.
Speaking to media, Titos said the Council has passed the Khasi Hills Autonomous District (KHAA) Amendment Bill, 2023 after deciding to suspend the bill. Khasi Hills Autonomous District (Social Custom of Clan Administration) Bill.
It is about 28 km from Shillong.
But there are more.
At the same time, the CSWO said that the people should be vigilant and should punish the government authorities who take money.
He said that when he was traveling to Assam, the price of soh saw in the market in Iewduh was only T.7 tyngka to T.15 tyngka per kilo, but now the price is between T.25 tyngka and 30 tyngka per kilo, this smuggling of sohsaw to Bangladesh has saved more money for the farmers.
The revenue expected by KHADC is from land revenue, forest revenue, sale of court stamps, market fees, issuance of trade licenses, sale of books published by the KHADC, share of mineral revenue, revenue from vehicles, stories from the jobs of the people.
All the believers were urged to remember in their prayers for those souls who have lost their lives in this natural disaster, such as the earthquake and floods.
“Therefore, we demand that the State Government and the Central Government should find ways and means to introduce policies and laws to protect domestic workers,” said Riahtam.
In his speech, the Chief Minister of Sikkim, Prem Singh Tamang, congratulated the Chief Minister of Meghalaya for bringing up this issue. The cultivation of rice in this area is due to the fact that India has a wide variety of crops.
The boy has been missing since the 22nd of this month and his whereabouts are still unknown.
At the same time, the Central Government will continue the implementation of the toilet construction scheme where all households will have access to toilets and will relieve them from going outside.
The people are now questioning whether the government will postpone the elections to the Legislative Assembly of the two District Councils KHADC and JHADC. length.
Through four easy steps, this allows people to make Ayushman cards without having to go to the card making centre.
The number of cases by district is 1, East Jaintia Hills 1, East Khasi Hills 63, North Garo Hills 2, Ri Bhoi 18, South Garo Hills 1, South West Garo Hills 4, West Garo Hills West Jaintia Hills 5, West Khasi Hills 2 cases.
The distance from Nongstoin to Shillong is 93 km.
In a statement, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, wrote on X, “It is a pleasure for the students that the test for admission to colleges under the Central Universities in Meghalaya have been closed for this academic year.
On the other hand, it was said that 15 people in Jirang Constituency have defected to the party due to their opposition to the party's ticketing system.
The 60 MLAs and 3 MPs should resign to hold the election again and to resign again to hold the election as the Hill State until the Government of India respects the voice of the people. the people who came out of the so-called democracy in the Assembly through a resolution.
Other reasons that have added to this difficulty in correcting the spelling is that all the Khasi writers, although they are members of the Khasi Author Society, have differences of opinion among themselves.
Shillong, Naitung 15: The Chief Minister of the Ministry of Agriculture and Village Industries, Manoj Kumar, has arrived in Meghalaya and expressed his concern over the past two days. The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, has urged the North East to take the North East to the world in all aspects.
The Executive Committee has extended the term of the committee for another 45 days to look into the matter. road but still have not received a reply.
Bipin Singh scored the winning goal for Shillong in the 90th minute, before the referee whistled for the end.
There are 21 recoveries today, 1 from East Garo Hills, 1 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from Ri Bhoi, 1 from South West Garo Hills, 1 from West Garo Hills and 1 from West Jaintia. Hills 3, West Khasi Hills 1, 91852 cases have been recovered.
Is it right for the police to shoot people just because they don't have Tari? Does it make sense for all those who have Tari in their homes to be shot by the police?
The Minister said that those who tested positive today are one at home and the other at home.
-I-9856622858" by unidentified persons and the name of the admin of the page is known as "Famous Satan"
The suspension of the work is due to the COVID-19 pandemic in the last two years and now the work has resumed after the COVID-19 pandemic in the state has subsided.
Shillong, Nailar 04: To strengthen the work of the FKJGP, the FKJGP has confirmed the office bearers of the Southern Riwar Central Body. Zone and President of the party, Mr. Wellbert Rani.
On this occasion, Bah John F Kharshiing, distributed a short article titled 'Appointment and Succession of Chiefs and Headmen Act' 1959, and requested the Village Authorities, Raid and Hima, to ask the MLAs & MDCs whether this Act strengthens, protects or improves the Hima/Elaka in this country.
Informing that the Government does not pay the monthly salary of ASHAs, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare said, “It is worth mentioning that in the past years, the State has taken care of the salaries of ASHAs. The implementation of the “ASHA First” application for payment under the National Health Mission (NHM) is an important part of ensuring that they receive testing. wage at the time of release.
Regarding the suggestion of other civil society organizations that the existing road should be improved, the union said that it would be better if it was improved but if it was completed with a road that can accommodate four vehicles at the same time. the spirit is also enough.
He said that these fruits can be used in the manufacture of juices at a low price.
Two cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills District and one in South West Garo Hills District. .
These will open up opportunities for people in rural areas and farmers to earn a living.
There were about 10 Khar Bangladeshis who entered Lat Darang and when they managed to destroy and rescue them, they caught them from the forest roads and reached Tamabil. They threw stones at them and the robbers fled.
During these priesthoods he worked in many parts of the church to preach the word of God.
Jowai, November 26: As the days go by, the blood of the mother in the human being is no longer there and even the newborn child is broken like an animal.
Through the hard work and dedication of Ma Justine Dkhar, MLA, the State Government, through its Notification No. CDD 129/2014/3 Khliehriat C&RD Block: Khliehriat has been relocated to Wapung area from the date of announcement.
The IOA has agreed to amend the MOA (Memorandum of Association) especially in terms of age limit. tenure limit and bar to charge sheeted individuals to contest, and to participate in the State Olympics and IOAs. The acceptance of the IOA members to the above rules today will not lift the suspension from the IOC. The Special Olympic Court will hear the case on 21st February 2014. The case will be heard by the Special Olympic Court.
Police of the ANTF East Khasi Hills have raided the residence of a man at Upper Kench's Trace, Laban and seized drugs from his house. Police have seized 100 empty small syringes, 5 injection syringes and a mobile phone from nine soap boxes containing 110.2 grams of heroin.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The All Meghalaya Karate Association (AMKDA) has sent 74 men and women to the Karnabir Indoor Stadium, Sarusajia, Guwahati.
The BSF arrested the suspects after receiving information from the media that some people were planning to send the muid to Bangladesh. They were able to seize these muid.
Shillong, July 27: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today confirmed six deaths from COVID-19 positive in the country. South West Khasi 1, The total number of deaths from the disease in the state has risen to
Regarding the confession of these people, police said that they will soon arrest others involved in the trafficking of illegal beverages.
It was clear from the meeting of all the parties in the North East led by Conrad K Sangma in Guwahati, that it decided to oppose the CAB and on 9th June, the NPP general meeting took a decision. However, as the BJP has not passed the CAB in the Rajya Sabha, the NPP has decided to join the NDA. I don't know what to do with the sheep's clothes," he added.
During the border talks, the government has announced that it will follow four areas, history, to ensure khaddar rule, land accordance and the will of the people.
“The Government of India has introduced schemes to support the transportation of goods," he said, adding that the problem arises when the difficulties that arise during the work cannot be explained.
There are 25 new cases of COVID-19 in East Jaintia Hills today, 3 from East Khasi Hills, 8 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from North Garo Hills, 3 from Ri Bhoi, 2 from South West Garo Hills. , West Khasi Hills 2 people.
In Ri Lum Khasi, one of the most prominent markets is the Mawngap Market where thousands of people from all over the country visit the market to sell pigs on market days. Mawlong, which is located at the foot of the Iewduh, sells piglets only on the Mawlong Market Day.
The Central Government has also provided Tripura with a large airport, a National Forensic Science University and a synthetic hockey ground.
Vehicles will be allowed to travel on this road only from Mawlai Nongpdeng.
He said the government should send immediate relief to the victims.
On this occasion, school children from all over Shillong have flocked to this venue to see for themselves the weapons of the Indian Army to showcase to the world. It is also a golden opportunity for the students to see and encourage them to join the army to defend their country.
This day is a day to reflect on the officers and it is also a day for them to remind themselves that their job is to serve the people and to be an example to others. in giving their service in the work they do.
Answering additional questions, Prestone said in the House that the reason why this road has not been allowed to run two ways is that there is still work to be done at two places, one at Mawiong Rim. The road from Police Training School to Mawkynroh still needs to be improved. Once the road is completed, it will be allowed to pass. arlynti and this will greatly improve the traffic jam in Shillong.
In addition, the Seng has found that many of the people who walk and stand in Madanriting Village until these days do not wear masks as directed. Some irresponsible citizens will be at risk in the outbreak of COVID-19, to other residents who have followed the protocols of the Government.
According to the estimates, Meghalaya has 13 lakh people of this age who have to take this medicine.
“We request those who have already purchased Raffle Tickets, not to feel anything about this suspension of ours and we are ready to refund the money that the public has already purchased and we are also welcoming if any who are willing to donate the money of the Raffle Ticket to the party,” said Bah Rynñiaw.
The Chief Minister said that education and tourism is one of the best ways and what is needed is to educate the students. It has not been designed according to the aspirations of the youth and for that reason the education system has had to be changed.
In her speech, the Director of the Central Silk Board, which is responsible for the states to the northern parts of India, urged to fight to increase the production of Rusom, Muga and Ryndia to 60 kilos. Hi.
Shillong, July 09: Union Minister of State for Road Transport, Highways and Shipping Nitin Gadkari has sent a letter to Tura MP Conrad K Sangma informing him that the Union Government has decided to The amount of T.390.51 crore has been deposited with the Deputy Commissioner Revenue of East Garo Hills District.
TB can be cured with the cooperation of all parties.
which serve as places to provide companionship, assistance to avoid alcohol and food and to provide care.
We elect the leaders so that they can help in the development works and the problems that the village has a reputation to convey to the Government but it ends like that,” said Bah Shullai.
He added that due to the network problems in many places, it is difficult for the public to understand how the vaccine helps especially when there are rumors about the side effects of the vaccine.
The tournament has witnessed that 2 Khasi youths have been included in the list of these 31 youths and through this Seng would like to congratulate this youth and with the wish and hope that this youth will continue to do so. Keep working hard and also to continue to improve in your talent.
Shillong, Nailur 08: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that it is true that the Central Government wants to plant palm trees in the North East. the plan is good in that many of the states in the region want to plant these trees to produce oil.
It is the Government of Meghalaya that can curb the attacks by the insurgents, the people, the police and the Forest Guard (Assam),” he added.
The HYC is against drugs but not against drug users.
: The Social Welfare Department of the Government of Meghalaya in collaboration with the Home (Police) and the District Administration of East Khasi Hills District, has conducted a workshop on the fight against the spread of drugs. The meeting also included the formation of Village Defense Parties (VDPs) in the presence of MLAs, MDCs and Dorbar Shnongs of the Greater Shillong Area.
Members of HYC Sohiong Circle and Members of HYC Nongthliew Circle were also present.
Banteidor Lyngdoh said that cricket is one of the most popular sports in the world as the Game of Gentleman. It is a time-consuming game and only those who work hard and have the spirit of perseverance can reach the goal and reap the fruits of victory.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: Speaking as the chief guest at the closing ceremony of the 40 Day Training of the 2nd Meghalaya Battalion National Cadre Corps at Soso Tham Auditorium Shillong, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said that the time is right. which is not in the longing of man.
Regarding the Bills that have been pending, this is not only a problem for the present government but these have been in existence for many years and this happens from time to time. The Prime Minister said that no one has been charged yet.
In his speech, the Chief Minister said that the acquisition of this new block is the government's desire to bring closer to the development of the government to the people, the production of Small Districts and Small Block is to provide convenience to the people in terms of the work that the people have to do from time to time with the government.
PK Dubey IG Meghalaya Frontier sent his condolences to the families of all those who lost their lives.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with the leaders of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that these villages want to be in Meghalaya and there are 18 villages.
“I tell you that Bah Danggo is a 'man of Ranikor' and who has a responsibility for the welfare of Ranikor Constituency,” said Prestone. The Government shall improve all the various departments which should be in the Civil Sub-Division.
Shillong, Nailur 09: Speaking on the occasion of the two and a half years of the Meghalaya Democratic Coalition Government, the Meghalaya Democratic Party (UDP) has worked well and will last until the end of the five years.
“The basic principle of recovery says the higher the risk, the higher the reward," he said.
Shillong, Naitung 20: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today met with the Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong to request the government to take action on the Assam Cattle Preservation Bill. , 2021 because this Bill will be passed into law in the State of Meghalaya.
It is to be recalled that the party has already held talks with Bah Prestone Tyngsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Ministry of Home Affairs but it has not come to anything.
Adelbert said the government should send government employees to the government departments where they work and those who are not government employees should be given a time limit to leave the place. they shall not be cut off.
Shillong, Nailur 10: The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) of West Khasi Hills District (HANM) today announced a protest against the government for not granting their demand for the resignation of Bah S Kharlyngdoh Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District.
On the second day of the festival, there was a song and music from the Retro Nite group. Bakshi, Deputy Commissioner, said that the Retro Nite should have been included in the album by John Lennon. the famous and great Beatles.
The bill was passed by the House last year.
The Training Program was inaugurated on 28th Jan 2013 at the Training Center of NYDA. The Zonal Director of NYKS, Meghalaya Zone RPS Thakur was the Chief Guest. that day.
The Chief Minister, Prestone Rynsong, who is also in charge of the PWD department, said that the NHIDCL has already called a tender for the construction of the road from Umsherpi to Baniun. four vehicles at the same time is known as "Four Lane"
Shillong, June 27: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong today said that the government has decided that the Civil Hospitals in the state, especially the Shillong Civil Hospitals, Jowai and Tura, will start operating. treat others who are sick as usual.
The remaining light bill is T.341.13 crore to NEEPCO, T.32.18 crore to National Hydro Electric Power Corporation (NHPL) and T.32.18 crore to National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC). ) is T.81.97 crore, ONGC Tripura Power Company Ltd is T.35.51 crore and PGCIL is T.36.28 crore.
This is due to the increase in COVID-19 cases in some parts of the country.
In his speech, the Union Minister in charge of Ports, Shipping and Waterways and Ayush, Sarbananda Sonowal said, “I am pleased that we have been able to open these seven ports. Shillong today.
The union leaves it to the wisdom and understanding of the government authorities not to ignite the fire but to extinguish it immediately as soon as possible. and at the same time violates the powers of the State Government and the District Council.
However, due to the outbreak of COVID-19, these drugs have been suspended at the Central Medical Store and there has been no demand.
Speeches were delivered by the Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, the Federation of Khasi States, including Syiems, Lyngdohs, Sirdars, Dolloi, leaders of civil society organizations including the NESO, KSU, FKJGP, HNYF, SSSS, women's organizations, and elders, and unanimously from all those who took part in the discussions expressed the need for the Government of Meghalaya and especially the Government of India to express these provisions and provisions of the Constitution of India.
At the same time, he said that when you are pursuing the goal of improving your job, you should not do the same job, but you should do other things that others have not done. that, instead of following others, he who began the work first went up.
Regarding the accommodation of the sick at home, it is only for those who have their own rooms and shelters and those who do not have them are sent to reserved places. they don’t follow the rules trouble brings to the family.
New Delhi, March 30: No country can deny its own heroes or leaders, who shape the future of the country.
At the same time, the use of tika will help prevent the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh.
Shillong, July 03: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today visited the Nongpoh Civil Hospital before convening a meeting of health officials in the presence of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare. Your health is Bah AL Hek.
He said that people should look at the work of the smugglers who have come to the state.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: The Mawmluh Chera Cement Limited Employees Union (MCCLEU) today said that the employees of the government-run cement factory have been facing a serious problem because they have not been paid for five months. receive their salary.
The arrested were identified as Subash Biswa, 19, resident of Police Bazar and Pradip Jaswal, 37, resident of Lumpariang.
Tura, July 16: Five persons were killed when a bus from Tura to Baghmara overturned at Balsrigitim this morning. 20 others were injured.
Members of the HYC in their placards demanded that the Meghalaya government should immediately implement the NRC in the state.
They will meet Rangdajied again on the 4th of April.
MLA Samlin Malangniang was also present on the occasion.
At the time of writing, more police have been deployed to the area and the search operation is ongoing.
Rofique Uddin Ahmed is from Telitakar Part 11 village under the jurisdiction of Katogora Police Station.
She said that there are still many films made from the North Eastern States which have been selected for this award.
The SP of West Garo Hills said that two persons have been arrested and one person has fled to Assam. The investigation is ongoing and will be completed within 60 days. I judge.
Furthermore, we cannot trust the claims of the government authorities that the incident is just bad news because it is too early to speak now and we don't expect them to complete the inquiry in one day especially. in the midst of the light of heaven.
“We urge the MPs from the state to oppose this especially the MP from the NPP to oppose this and if the BJP does not listen, it should be. “If he doesn't, we will regard the NPP as a party that has joined hands with the BJP to bring Bangladeshis into our state”.
Shillong, Nailar 10: The JSU has continued to strike today and the strike will be to crack down on foreigners who illegally enter and work in the country. state.
The wealth of the country is the reason why foreigners are looking forward to getting a place to enter this equal country, which has benefited and enriched them. In this regard, they have been fighting hard to persuade the Chief Minister not to implement the ILP because it prevents people from entering the country and not being able to compete in the trade of inheritance or anything else. They can no longer be masters because they have to get a permit of 15 or 20 days to stay here and they have to return to their own country.
It may be recalled that more than 500 employees of NEHU in Shillong and Tura have staged a strike so far to demand that NEHU should recognize them as full time employees. those who have worked for more than 10 years.
Tynmen Basan Bah Boldness L Nongum in his opening speech before the Christmas service said that such a meeting is held every year before the youths living in Shillong leave for the country. to their own villages.
Shillong, Lber 02: The Khasi Jaintia Christian Youth Union (KYY) has held its Executive Committee on Tuesday. 2017 at the Presbyterian Church Mawkhar, expressed its deep sorrow over the tragic incident which happened on the 26th of this month to the believers from Nginiong, Mawbyrkong and Nongbudum of Myriaw Presbytery. many precious Souls and many wounded.
Baghmara, Nailur 28: The District Congress Committee (DCC) of South Garo Hills, which lost the MLA elections, will now revive the party after the promise of the Chief Minister. said DCC President Suraj R Marak, who took over the post.
Shillong, July 06: Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma, who is also the leader of the AITC party, on Tuesday said that the statement by the BJP leaders that without the BJP no government can be formed is a nonsense. .
Most say this industry is the one that can make the biggest difference because of its openness to changes.
The union also warns the wine stores from the places where they sell alcoholic beverages not to sell alcoholic beverages to children, especially those children who are still in school. him.
In this raid, police not only seized money but also 3.4 thousand liters of kyaid from different places. police.
Shillong, Nailur 25: Heavy rainfall in West Khasi Hills District has caused the Wah Kynshi to flood and affected many houses. .
The President of the KSU said that the people understand that the ILP should prevent the entry of foreigners and the Sixth Schedule should protect the customs and traditions.
Shillong, Nailar 23: The Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that in the Synrai Dorbar which will start on the 6th of November, they are ready to speak in the Legislative Assembly. dewiong and other issues affecting the state.
More than 100 people have left the Congress party before the nomination day.
Other office bearers elected on the occasion were Bah Boss Marbaniang, Joint Secretary.
““I was very happy when I was in Delhi to see my own children who came to meet me.
In this regard, many of the residents of these areas have complained about the lack of attention of the Local MLA to the residents of these areas.
Richard Paswett of All Jaintia took five wickets for
The Joint Coordination Committee urges the Village Authorities and the residents of the area to call and inform the leaders of the Joint Coordination Committee who have signed the following names: kine ke nos: 94025-61400 & 97740-69180.
Shillong, March 24: The Border Development Department has now prepared a scheme to request the Central Government to provide street lights to the villages on the border with Bangladesh.
“Loss of income is one of the challenges and affects TB patients. Therefore, in addition to food for TB patients, vocational training can also be provided.
Police also recovered 1001 rounds of AK-47, 7 rounds of LMG 7.62, 14 rounds of INSAS 5.56, 30 rounds of 32 pistol, 3 empty rounds of ammunition, one tear smoke grenade, one hand grenade, one empty round of INSAS, 3 empty rounds of AK47, one tyngam with wild boar bones, 7 Skei colours, one skei headdress, and 34 seals of various Government departments.
The schemes under the Mission are funded by the Central Government and implemented by the State Governments and UT authorities in a cost-effective manner.
Shillong, March 24: The Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem, has clarified that the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem, did not use force in connection with the issuance of the Sanad to Bah Zuberstar. Kharbuki to be appointed as the new Minister of the Kharbuki Kur.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, AT Mondal, on Tuesday said that the Legislative Assembly will have to hold a session before 12th November according to the Constitution of India. Speaking to reporters, the Speaker said that no information has been received from the House of Representatives. Speaking to reporters, the Speaker said that the House has not received any information from the House. He said that if there is any information from the government, the office will have to hold the dorbar.
At the same time, he urged everyone to take responsibility and if they do so, the nation will survive from one generation to another.
Tura, Iaiong 19: After the discovery of coal in the government forest at Rongrenggre, people who want to get rich have crossed the border into the government forest to mine. he shall fall to the ground.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, the Cabinet and MLAs were present to join in the celebration of the Shillong Archdiocese.
At this meeting, Bah Kynsai Manik Syiem was elected as the President of the East Khasi Hills District Committee.
Many SHGs are working with them, and many of these belong to our brothers and sisters," he said.
The Vice President said that there should be a character of gratitude and respect for others, these two characteristics have begun to disappear in this age of wealth.
At the same time, he said that the time has come to have Meghalaya Houses in Chennai and Bengaluru as it is necessary.
Marak as the first president.
The Government will assist the MMDC to raise funds like the Marwaris for the coal mining industry.
The project was supervised by Meghalaya Government Construction Corporation Ltd as the Project Management Consultant and the work was carried out by M/s.
The training will be held at Saitsohpen Sohra Sumo Stand on Monday morning from 10 am.
They requested all the trainees from SSA, Adhoc, deficit and government teachers to attend the rally on this day. They also requested the Meghalaya SSA Schools Association (MSSASA) to help fight against this issue. it has been monitored since the previous time before the results were released.
Lakhon Kma in his speech said that his contest for the MP election is on the basis of bringing about a new Meghalaya free from backwardness, corruption and also to bring the state to prosperity. book and others.
Mithilda Kharumuid, a member of a self-help group known as Mynjurlangka, said that they have benefited from the National Rural Livelihood Mission.
Speaking on the occasion, Atul Sobtiha said that SCOPE has decided to hold the National Meet in Shillong due to the increasing profile of the city as it takes steps to transform into a Smart City.
He also praised the KSU Laitkor Unit for donating to the village especially the toilet which is for the benefit of the residents of Laitkor.
Robert said that if the ILP is implemented in Meghalaya, the CAA will not be implemented in Meghalaya.
Williamnagar, July 03: Police in Meghalaya have arrested another perpetrator for allegedly raping a young woman. 18 years old at the Williamnagar Festival.
The MDA government in November 2020 convened a special session and the entire House passed a resolution to demand from the Central Government to implement the Inner Line Permit in Meghalaya. it remains with the federal government.
Only the children of Hynniewtrep Hynniewwasa were allowed to participate in this competition.
The union also demanded that the Government should immediately set up a Traffic Branch in East Jaintia Hills District to look after and operate vehicles in this district.
Shillong, March 06: BSF troops guarding the border between India and Bangladesh have arrested a drug trafficker from Borsora and seized 1300 grams of heroin. They are known as R-7 tablets (Synthetic Medicine) and the price of these drugs has reached T.1,30,0
It is not difficult to match the blood of the donor with the blood of the person who needs blood.
May you celebrate this Christmas and a Happy New Year with a spirit of love and happiness.
The opening ceremony was also attended by the Minister of Information and Public Relations, Bah AL Hek and many other ministers.
In his gratitude to the Riti Academy, Bah Bobby S Basan urged his students to study the durim in order to improve their knowledge in various fields.
He expressed the hope that such a tournament will encourage the players of the North East to take part in the sport.
Speaking to reporters, he said that several decisions were taken at this meeting to encourage several jobs in the state.
The Mawsynram Division Road Department has already seen this danger and has already looked for ways and means to clear this road to reach these villages by one road, a construction site. The road has been inspected from two places but the problem is that the landowners have not given their land for the construction of the road.
This shows clearly that these Khasi are only the tynghung of someone else for their own benefit, they don't care about the heritage of the Jaidbynriew.
Shillong, June 07: There has been a misuse of money deposited by the public inside the Nongstoin Post Office by one of the employees of the Nongstoin Post Office. It is alleged that the total amount of money misused has reached T.40 lakh.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The contest for the mid-term elections from the 53-Ampati Constituency will be between the Congress, NPP and BJP. this is the current month.
From these persons, BSF troops seized Bangladesh currency, kwai and SIM cards of the country.
The meeting was led by Ms. D.Kharshiing. The meeting was attended by the leaders of the Laban Puja Committee and the Central Puja Committee, the Village Leaders of the Laban Dorbar Shnong, members of the PWD Office, the Officer In-Charge of the Laban Puja Committee. KSU Laban Circle leaders led by President Reuben Najiar and General Secretary Jason Laloo.
The right business model, the right revenue model.
As usual, before the ceremony, the Lum Sohpetbeng Committee together with the Tymmen U San Committee of the Seng Khasi Kmie, used to hold a ceremony of thanksgiving, shat, kheiñ and knia. three places, first at Lum Dorbar in Lawnongthroh, at Mei Mawbuh and finally at Lum Sohpetbneng.
The Sarusajai Sports Complex in Guwahati is preparing for the opening ceremony of the Khelo India University Games 2023 on the 19th of June.
The Mawlai Mandal was confirmed in the presence of General Secretary of the party GC Nognbet, District President Nitin Khera and other party leaders.
All that remains for the PHE in Chokpot is to maintain the PHE pipes. The PHE charges 300 tyngka per annum from the households in this village and 50 tyngka from the For each water pipe, the PHE collects this tax every year except for the year 2016 which it has not yet collected.
Many speakers from various political parties and in their speeches expressed one voice to demand that the Khasi language should be recognized in the Constitution of the country. India under the 8Schedule.
This village is about 12 km from Shillong.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The Meghalaya Police Department today announced the date of the police examination and the admit cards of the selected candidates will be downloaded from the website of the police department.
Unfortunately, the talks have ended only in the discussions but the voice of the people of South West Khasi Hills District has been ignored.
The Deputy Commissioner of the District Ram Singh and the Chief Superintendent of Police R. Muthu expressed their satisfaction to see that the school has received these assistance which is a blessing to the students in this year. juk you are now.
According to the current estimates, there are still more than 1000 employees in MeECL who worked before 2002 to 2004, and the board has to do something to strengthen them.
As the Model Code has come into force, all the directives of the Election Commission of India have come into force in the state after the announcement of the General Election to the Lok Sabha.
Once the water flows into the wells, even after many days of rain, the water level continues.
Guidelines were also issued on the identification of containment zones and measures to curb the spread of the disease.
He said that if there is any loss of evidence, those officers involved will not be able to escape the provisions of the law.
At the same time, he said the Meghalaya government should take more action regarding the high dropout rate.
In other districts, 36 cases have been reported from Ri Bhoi District, 2 cases from East Jaintia Hills, 11 cases from West Garo Hills, 1 case from South West Garo Hills, 1 case from South Garo Hills and 1 case from North Garo Hills.
However, in 2019, the Hima Sohiong wants to return the Hima to the Hima Sohiong.
It is learned that the KHADC has warned those who apply for renewal to bring along a letter from the police to prove that they are the right people.
He also praised the hard work of the teachers at various levels to endure all the challenges in many ways and in the midst of these challenges the teachers should find ways and means how to to guide young people who leave schools and colleges.
Looking around the state whether it is Jaintia Hills, Khasi Hills and Garo Hills, until now the people have not taken up the pig farming industry as one of the future industries. is the source of income for any household in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Nailar 03: The consumption of coffee is the world's largest drink in the world where all ethnic groups use it as a beverage, even in Meghalaya. sem that of you.
In the past few days, the Seiñ Raij in collaboration with the Art and Culture Society of West Jaintia Hills District has organized many programs to mark the 150th death anniversary of Kiang Nangbah.
Now there are many reasons and one of those reasons is that we cannot work properly in the way we have done and decided in RDA, the name of the candidate was announced at the last moment, ten years after the VPP candidate went into villages," he said.
Many of the observers of this action of the KHADC said that it will not be of any benefit as the District Council will not have any role in the relationship and the settlement of the boundary between the two districts. state.
On the other hand, the President of HANM said that in the past months, when he went to buy umphniang tin, it was T.1950/- tyngka while yesterday it was T.1950/- tyngka. 50 kilos of Arham rice in the past months when he went to buy T.1700/- while yesterday it reached T.1800/-.
Another issue is that the government should implement the recruitment process in the state in government departments if they are not working day jobs, because as it is now there is no regularization of this recruitment. plant work.
The Ministry of Animal Husbandry and Dairying, Government of India is aware of the outbreak of Lumpy Skin Disease (LSD) in the country.
At this time of COVID-19, it cannot be said that the work done by the employees is too heavy. Because it is the only PHC, this health center lacks many jobs in terms of health care from the people who work there. The equipment in terms of medical treatment and in this pork has caused a lot of trouble to the people when they have urgent needs.
Replying to a supplementary question by Bah George B Lyngdoh, the Minister said that 46 BDOs, 44 MCS officers, one from the soybean department and one from the the rep department.
Billions of rupees have been spent but what is sad is that when you look at this road you can see only the footprints of the vehicles. ask.
Because in the past years.
According to the BAC schedule, the session will last for six days, three days for government business and three days for the opposition.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: Office bearers of the Meghalaya State Government Employees' Federation (MSGEF) today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma to express their views on the They expressed their gratitude to the government for implementing the new salary at the 5Pay Commission.
It is learned that the office is currently looking for the documents regarding the land for the construction of the road in Mawtap.
On the issue of employment opportunities, he said the HSPDP has not set a specific target but said that the current job allocation system should be changed as the 40% job allocation system has been reduced. no side.
The troops noticed that this road has been used and many people who want to learn to drive have come to this place and this has prompted the troops to block the entry and exit to this place.
Speaking on the occasion, C Manjunatha, IFS Secretary, Ri Marad Department, said that if milk can be produced without the use of chemicals, it will help the farmers of the state.
The extension of the retirement age of doctors is to assist in the provision of health care and at the same time to assist in the implementation of government schemes. in terms of healthcare in the country as a whole.
Jyoti Priya Bhattacharjee, who came second, got 572 marks and Tanushri Acharjee, who came third, got 570 marks.
As the kingdom does not have land, the land belongs to the private sector.
The objective of the Stand Up India scheme is to promote self-employment among women, SC and ST persons to assist them to start new businesses in manufacturing and serviced by both experienced and trainee borrowers.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said that it is difficult to do anything when you don't know where the money will come from. and move forward in completing this school according to the present time.
There are 136 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 63 cases in East Khasi Hills and 21 cases in Ri Bhoi.
Therefore, the Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya would like to urge all the three Autonomous District Councils in Meghalaya to take action to expedite the enactment of the Laws and Rules of the various Hima/Elaka. as part of the preservation and protection of the customs and traditions of the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people in Meghalaya.
The nine teachers whom the court has ruled to be eligible to return to the teaching post are Phikirbha Khariah, Arbihlang Suchiang, Thlamuana Darnei, Lajoy Darnei, Mary Jone Ngamlai and Lachonpari. Theite and Samiran Rishi.
On the closing day of the shad, a march was held from the party headquarters in Mawkhar led by the Rangbah Seng. When they reached Weiking Square, before the start of the shad, there was a prayer to the Creator. ask for your blessings in this joy and happiness.
The JSU would like to remind that the recent attacks on Bangladeshis in the Indo-Bangla border areas show that this government does not take action to arrest the criminals. involved in looting and injuring people living on the border.
In this regard, TRAI clarifies that it does not phone or ask anyone to ask them to delete their mobile number, or to send any information, TRAI does not authorize anyone. do not call mobile users for such purposes.
As it is now, it is difficult to extinguish the scent of the tree.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Guest congratulated the organization for taking the initiative to promote sports activities in the area for the benefit of the students.
The program will begin with the lighting of a candle and paying tribute to the portrait of Dr. Samuel Hahnemann, the father of Homeopathy.
In this regard, the Government will set the rules of procedure of the Commission.
Hundreds of people who attended the meeting blessed Samla Egenstar Kurkalang to come forward and stand up for the cause of the unjust rule to bring about a government that oppresses the people.
Shillong, July 24: The Government of Meghalaya today issued a notice on the transfer of IAS officers. RM Kurbah, IAS, has been re-appointed as the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District.
The BJP has explained to the people that it has not set an example in other states where the party works, but the allegations by those who oppose the BJP have explained to the people that the BJP has ruled for the second time. In Delhi, there is not a single church to be closed, there is no ban on eating beef. He said that all this is a misunderstanding of those who are against the BJP. They understand the decline of the state and they understand that only the BJP can develop the state. When it comes to the youth, the youth were made aware of the schemes provided by the central government, such as MUDRA. youths can start businesses by taking loans from banks without capital.
Shortly after, the Union Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare, Dr Bharati Pravin Pawar, in a meeting with the media, said that the vision of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi , India has grown significantly in terms of income in these remote areas of the country.
More than 41.53 lakh taxpayers and 67,000 freight forwarders have registered themselves on the e-portal and this has generated about 7.81 crore e-way bills per month.
He said that the farmers who have farmland on the other side of the signboard should also farm using these farmland.
Support from policies, and compliance with laws and regulations – according to the circumstances of the North East.
On one of the placards carried by the group, they wrote “Thank you Prime Minister for setting up the C&RD Block Mawlai” and other slogans praising the Prime Minister. The state has been able to open this block today.
The government has lodged a recovery suit with the Nongpoh High Court and the court has appealed against the village. The government has also filed a complaint with the Nongpoh High Court. The court has decided to Exparte the case and it is still pending in court and the court is now calling witnesses.
As a group, they will also meet with the Chiefs, Doloi, Sirdars, Rangbah Shnongs to talk to them and at the same time to ask for their support in this current strike. The Central Government should not grant ILP to Meghalaya.
The Commission said it would look into all these factors before making its final recommendation.
He said that Meghalaya has been without any bloodshed.
The Seng prays to the Creator that through this New Year, He will bless, protect and guide the country and the nation as a whole to live in peace and health. to grow and develop in all aspects from income, education and other activities of the country and the nation as a whole.
The BDo of Raliang Block, Bah Bah and the Ralaing Police have been able to conduct this work smoothly. but he continued this work.
Ltd, SPIKAP and officers of the Health Department, Government of Meghalaya, in charge of Malaria.
The BDO of Jirang said that now on the border with Assam there is no longer any peace and order on the border with Assam. You don't want to go to Meghalaya, you don't want to go to Assam.
Shillong, March 31: The total number of people who have been vaccinated against COVID-19 in Meghalaya has reached 17,45,069 lakh so far, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today said.
The party leader Partha Chaterjee, Cabinet Minister, said that the Enforcement Directorate has seized Rs 50 crore in connection with the West Bengal School Service Commission. said Nicky.
Shillong Lajong FC have signed Brazilian forward Fabio Pena Henrique, who scored the club's first goal in the I-League.
On this occasion, MEPA also held a minute's silence in memory of the owner of Mawphor newspaper, Bah R Marwein, in the presence of the owners and editors of newspapers from Meghalaya.
He said that according to the rules, the Central Parliamentary Board of the party will take the final decision on the candidates who will get the party ticket for Shillong and Tura.
Sharma said that such gold could not be smuggled from Hong Kong to Kathmandu without the involvement of the Minister.
: The District Tuberculosis Officer, East Khasi Hills District on Tuesday announced the Ni-Kshay Mitra Project in East Khasi Hills District. Doctors For You' at the meeting held at Reid Provincial Chest Hospital Hall, Shillong in the presence of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Kong RM Kurbah who was the chief guest.
The credit goes to the police who have worked hard and arrested the leader in this illegal trade. The police have decided to fight to free Meghalaya from this crime. you are drunk.
“We strongly condemn the police for searching and raiding the homes and families of the members.
The party led by O Thogni and Bah Basaiawmoit in a meeting with the CEM said that under the EPIP, 13-Miles and Raid Marwet the party finds that many foreigners do not have Labor License and Trading License.
During the meeting, the Minister of State, Bah Sniawbhalang, informed the leaders of the Hima that a meeting will be convened with the Director of Commerce and Industry, Customs and BSF. “I don't know what to do,” said Kynsai Syiem.
According to the Rangbah Shnong, the mother went missing from her house on Friday morning at 1:30 pm. The villagers have lodged a complaint with the police regarding the disappearance of this woman.
The Legal Notice said that these allegations have spread widely and have endangered Lalremsanga personally and in his work.
The Chief Minister said that the Cabinet meeting has approved the GST Rule as some of them have been in place since 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2021. There have been changes in some areas because the law has been amended and the rules have also been amended.
This was tweeted by the Prime Minister.
Guwahati, June 06: A two-day exhibition on the National Calendar of India has been scheduled to be held on 22-23 June 2022 at Ujjain and Dongla. , Madhya Pradesh is located in the Tropic of Cancer.
The constituency does not yet have a matric examination centre, and he added that this is one of the tasks ahead for the benefit of the students and parents.
On the other hand, the KSU leaders have questioned what is the purpose of having a BSF post in the area if there is no purpose behind it.
The long-standing discussion on the recommendation of the Standing Committee of the Ministry of Home Affairs on the Inter State Council Secretariat of the Ministry of Home Affairs which belongs to the MM Punchi Commission.
This was found during an inspection at Nongtynniaw village, South West Khasi Hills District.
The union also expresses its gratitude to the education department of the state government to all the officers who have worked hard for the welfare of the teachers despite many difficulties they have fulfilled their duty as government employees.
Shillong, Naitung 14: Vehicles heading to Lower Assam, Mizoram and Tripura passing through Meghalaya have been allowed to pass through Umling as these vehicles do not land in Meghalaya.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 21: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle today established another office at Umstain Narpuh District.
In fact, the use of OMR sheets in various examinations has sped up the process and the preparation of results has become faster and has reduced the number of errors.
The public hearing will be held at SGSY Hall, office of the BDO of Nongstoin at 12 noon.
In Imphal, the airport will receive a major upgrade with an allocation of Rs 499 crore for the new Integrated Terminal Building and related works.
There are 43 recoveries from West Jaintia Hills, 26 from West Jaintia Hills, 7 from East Khasi Hills, 5 from East Garo Hills, 2 from Ri Bhoi, 1 from North Garo Hills and 1 from West Garo Hills. , West Khasi Hills 1, 12735 cases have been recovered so far.
Other candidates are Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh from the National People's Party (NPP), Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon from the Voice of People Party (VPP), Bah Robert June Kharjahrin of the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA).
The youth want to stand on their own feet and solve their own problems, but the NPP-led Government has taken away their jobs and small jobs, by forcing them to bar states in the country.
We will request the government to immediately cancel this advertisement," he said.
The Prime Minister congratulated the country for its unity and courage in the fight against the corona virus.
Shillong, March 31: The North East Frontier Railways (NFR) has met with the Governor of Meghalaya to arrange and expedite the construction of the North East Frontier Railways (NFR). The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) in a statement sent a message to the NFR that it should not rush the proposal to bring a railway line to these areas. The State Government has not yet been able to introduce strong laws and regulations to curb the entry of foreigners into the State.
On the other hand, Reachingson Siangshai, Vice President of the party, said that the party has also suggested to the District Authorities that if possible, it would be better to direct the Aadhaar registerers to to elect the villages, one after another and also to empower the Dorbar Shnongs to elect their own volunteers to oversee the registration of their residents.
Shillong, November 19: Union Minister of State for Development of North Eastern Region (DoNER) Dr Jitendra Singh today met with the owners of large companies in Mumbai to discuss how to encourage them to invest in this part of the North East of India.
On the other hand, the DC alleged that this incident today is all due to the spread of news through the media. notice.
Shillong, July 19 : Two persons riding a motorcycle were seriously injured while another died in a motorcycle collision at Chimesengre Bridge.
On Thursday morning, the Executive Engineer of PWD (Roads) Nongpoh Division personally visited the residence of Kong Bindas Syiem at the Parking Lot, opposite the Additional Secretariat, Shillong.
On the other hand, the Government will not act improperly when it takes any land. It will look after it carefully and will not use force. “But to accuse her of having power is wrong,” said the Minister.
Regarding the debt that the government has committed for MePDCL to take up to T.1345.72 crore to pay the debt to power distribution companies like NEPEECO, NPTC and others, it will be a burden on the MePDCL. state as a whole.
Dr. Jasmine M Lyngdoh, Clinical Psychologist and Director, Routes, Shillong gave a talk on the impact of drug abuse, alcohol abuse and she also gave advice on ways to avoid this trap.
It is said that each person can get up to two or three kilos per night if it is in the forests or hills where it grows well especially in areas where there is a lot of siej.
KHNAM wants to explain to Shanbor Pat that the issue is not about goodness or feelings. of man, but how to preserve the culture and nation of their own there is no lack of good people.
The Chief Minister said that one soldier who has tested positive for COVID-19 has been admitted to the quarantine centre.
Prestone said the government has the same concern about what Process has brought in the House. To fight against this, we need the cooperation of all, only the police. can be done alone.
Police have arrested Zangkhol, AL, 58, and Vicky Kipgen, 20, from Madanriting.
Lapang said that 2014 has been a year of understanding and the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and the observers of KHADC have been able to complete the election of the newly elected. The Rangbah Shnong of Lawmei Pdengshnong, Bah JJ Lyngdoh, was elected on the 9th November, 2014 by the residents of Lawmei Pdengshnong.
The students of Ferrando Speech and Hearing Centre, Ri Bhoi who represented Meghalaya in this competition against other students from other states of India have done very well under the training of of the Army Madras Regiment.
The drugs seized from the suspects were all suspected to be heroin.
Public administration can be strengthened by having an independent judiciary, independent media and independent civil society. fact.
This treatment is used to detect the disease at an early stage because if the disease is detected, it can be treated.
Hope for the people living in these areas came again on 11 May 2000 when the Chief Ministers of these two states under the leadership of Prafulla Kumar Mahanta and EK Mawlong visited the He was born in 2003 in Khanduli village.
There was also a traditional dance and song by the school children of this area.
In the evening, the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem was the Chief Guest in the presence of several dignitaries who are members of the Joint Committee. the Khasi Mother Association.
FASTOM President Diningroy Marwei said that the protest is still continuing in front of the secretariat. In the morning, the magistrates have also arrived at the scene. to speak to the leaders of Fastom.
It is to be recalled that HS Shylla during his tenure as CEM opened the uranium mining book in Mawthabah which was suspended in the past. It was allowed to open after the opposition of the land owners at that time.
He urged the people not to ignore the curfew called by the HNLC, which has been illegally registered by the government.
The purpose of the Seng is to prevent foreigners from violating the rights of indigenous people in the field of employment.
He said the Lakadong shynrai from Meghalaya is a symbol of success in being praised in Davos for its market in Europe.
India under the skilled leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi has brought traditional medicine to the forefront of the world.
This approach to women-led development will ensure that their views, experiences and unique leadership styles, come to the fore and bring about a better decision-making process .
As it is now, all the people involved in this matter.
The Seng cannot accept such unfounded allegations,” said the General Secretary of the Seng, Bah Shane Thabah in a statement sent to the media.
During the meeting, the Chief Minister explained in detail the incident at Mukroh village in West Jaintia Hills District where seven people lost their lives in the shooting by the state police. Assam.
The FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle under the leadership of FKJGP Central Body on 19th March 2018 held a special meeting of the three units of the FKJGP including Mawnianglah, Mawkhan & Mawrashe Unit to restructure and especially to strengthen by empowering the working methods of these three Units.
In this regard, Bah TH Bonney would like to once again clarify to the people of Bri U Hynniewtrep that the Meghalaya Town and Country Planning Act 1973 applies to the whole of Meghalaya.
They said that if the shortage of coal from Meghalaya continues like this, they will import coal from other neighboring countries in South East Asia. such as Cambodia, Vietnam, Indonesia, Malaysia and other neighboring countries.
About 30 km before reaching the National Martyrs Memorial in Hussainiwala, when the vehicles following the vehicle of Prime Minister Duh reached the flyover, it was found that some protesters had blocked the road. .
The National Commission for Human Rights (NHRC), Government of India, in a letter, after considering the complaint from the Hima Khasi States, Federation of Khasi States, has made it clear that these activities have been carried out. and the outstanding agreements 'are matters which Parliament may deal with and complete, and the petitioners are directed to meet with the Government of India to resolve these outstanding matters'
He said that it is easy to implement this and all the assistance will now reach the owners who are entitled to receive the assistance without having to go around. the URL:.
Gas Cylinder Distributors in the State as well as various groups from all districts of Khasi and Jaintia Hills Districts were also present.
Brigadier Manohar Thomas, Commandant 58 Gorkha Training Centre, saluted the troops.
There are 12 recoveries today, the highest number of recoveries from East Khasi Hills with 7 cases, West Khasi Hills 2 cases, bringing the total number of recoveries to
