The collision occurred when a Bolero from Silchar collided with a truck parked at the scene.
On this occasion , Pynshngian said that the personal assistance he has given in the last five years has reached 3687 people and the money has been lost From 2008 to 2015, it increased to Rs.
The office does not want to reach any conclusion at this stage, but will talk to each other to see that the work on the Crowbrough Hotel should be completed in honor of the Crowbrough Hotel. state.
The award was given in recognition of the writer's outstanding contribution to the field of literature.
On the other hand, the Minister congratulated the people who have taken the opportunity to send for treatment at these government health centers and especially those poor families.
Shillong, July 12: U Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of Social Welfare, today said that he has called a meeting of officers and police to discuss the issue of drug abuse in the state. which is the circumcision.
The HYC leader said that the public hearing has been postponed from 30 days to 20 days. The HYC leader alleged that this shortening of the public hearing means that the public hearing has been shortened. knowing and when not knowing they can move as they please.
The distribution department has to look at its capacity and the storage facilities to store the rice for three months.
In a letter to the Minister of Agriculture, the HFU requests the government to declare 2019 as the Year of Farmers.
At this meeting, they were informed that after receiving the report and receiving detailed information, only then will it be found out who is involved in this incident and after that the government will be able to take action. The decision on how to deal with those involved, whether to dismiss them or in what manner to punish them will be taken only after receiving the report.
The SEC also discussed the MDC elections to be held next year and the names of the candidates may be released next month.
We asked you to send it from the Political Department and we sent the letter and the follow-up letter did not come out.
He urged people to resolve to adopt yoga in their lives.
The leave was given due to the general elections to the two district councils, the KHADC and the JHADC.
During the meeting, the Association expressed their concerns regarding the stoppage of jhur trucks in Kuliang and Ratacherra areas due to the deterioration of the road and especially during these rainy seasons. in which it has brought about the destruction of the jhur and jhep.
This will be a threat to the courts of the District Councils, he urged the new EC to talk to the government to issue a clear announcement so that the District Council will delay the work.
The development and benefits of the youth, which will bring hope to the families, who have faced difficulties in their journey, which will bring peace and stability in the country. villages and the state as a whole this is important.
Shillong, Nailur 24: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District Unit (KSU) in a statement said that the UCIL's decision to abandon the projects in Mawthabah does not mean that the uranium issue has been resolved. In the region or in the state of Meghalaya, it is only a public service.
The party also invites all the leaders and former members of the party to join hands in this meeting.
In India, the number of jobs (or jobs under the Apprentices Act, 1961) with more than 9 employees is only 1.4% out of 5.85 crore jobs.
Others who attended the function included the Rangbah Shnong of Khliehshnong, Sohra, Bah Shembhalang Kharwanlang, members of the Education Committee of the Dorbar Shnong and others.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has requested the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills and the Bar Council of Jaintia Hills to find ways and means to improve this work so that the students do not You don't need to worry about getting this Certificate.
Shillong, March 25: U Bah Paul Lyngdoh EM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today said that they cannot accept the announcement of the state government regarding the Building Bye Laws issued this year.
The group through this statement strongly condemns those robbers who threw stones and damaged the vehicles of journalists and private individuals during the hours of this protest. It is informed and declared that it is a protest with the cooperation of all the citizens and without forcing anyone or damaging anything.
The meeting also decided to set up a committee headed by the Secretary of District Council Affairs (DCA) Bah Cyril V. Diengdoh which will include the leaders of the ADCs, from the Department of Law, Revenue and RTS to review the Indian Registration Act before its implementation in the state.
The JSU War Jaintia Circle has also requested the SDO of Amlarem Sub-Division, Abhilash Baranwal to take action.
Both the District Authorities and the two Governments shall ensure that the inspection of the seven areas which have been filled should be completed as soon as possible in the setting of boundaries. They have already spoken in the first border settlement talks.
The Hima has decided to hold this festival in November as it is still the time when the traditional foods appear at that time.
During the meeting, the Prime Minister urged the people to cooperate and give their opinion to the government if they have any as the government wants to complete the border demarcation.
The race will be 1.6 km long and there will also be a thorough examination of the youth by doctors appointed by the army.
The Meghalaya Unit celebrated the event with a strong sense of humor.
Bah Banteidor urged that cooperation is the only way to improve knowledge, income, economic development and so on. He said that even though he is only an MDC in a small position, he will try his best to find ways and means for the development of this school which is also a Shlem saindur for the students of the Village of Light.
Other sources said that Bangladesh is currently preparing for the elections to the Legislative Assembly of the country. After the elections to be held on 1/01/2024, they will continue.
While the ILP has not yet been received, the union warns all the contractors who implement the MRSSA, 2016 not to bring in foreigners. state without proper documents especially without Work Permit.
An allocation of up to T.1500 crore is in the PM-DevINE for 2022-23 and T.6600 crore for 2025-2
It was raining, but the pedestrians were standing on the road.
Police have registered a case at Khanapara Police Station under the provisions of the law.
During this month, the Wahthapbroo Youth Association has organized many sports events, such as Marathon, Dance Competition, Drawing Competition, Carom Board, Arm-Wrestling and many of the residents have participated in the competition. take part in all these competitions.
Through the Meghalaya Health and Insurance Scheme, the state is trying to reach all sections of the society.
Tura, July 18: Meghalaya Police today rescued Arvind Kumar Manger of SBI in Ampati from the hands of militants at 5 pm from Milliem village in Jan Damalgre.
Another important issue is that Meghalaya urgently needs to have a railway line from Agia to Badarpur in Assam through Meghalaya passing through the border with Bangladesh and connecting all the ports. It travels from this state to the Barak Valley in Assam and connects the states of Tripura and Mizoram.
The change as it is now is due to the attention of the Central Government to the North East of India and Meghalaya and this improvement of the roads will help to improve traffic. he received the book.
This work has been going on since 2015 by the Meghalaya government.
“If the Government is not willing to send hundreds of thousands of police to the BOPs and OPs on the border with weapons and a clear order, we demand that the Government should send them. They have armed themselves with weapons such as guns, bullets and other weapons to the people on the border to protect their land and their lives because as it is now, the Meghalaya Police is not trusted. " complained the organization.
The installation of the coins will start in June and be completed in June.
The meeting was conducted by George B Lyngdoh Vice President in the presence of party office bearers. There are more than 2 people on the WE Card.
Victor Rani has been appointed to the Department of Arts and Culture, Health and Sanitation, Labor Clearance Certificate and Fisheries.
At the same time, the Prime Minister said that it is true that some of them have been issued vehicle passes for them if there is a need for this government of law, he said.
A total of 96,593 people have tested positive for COVID-19 since the beginning, 94,018 have recovered and the death toll has risen to
The Management according to the letter has promised to provide PF, CL, Earned Leave, Maternity Leave, Overtime to the day laborers and contract workers and to increase the salary of 5% for those who have worked for 5 years, 10%. those who have worked for 10 years and 15% for those who have worked for 15 years or more.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the producer and director of the film, Commander Shangpliang, said that the screening started at 1 pm today and will continue tomorrow at 1 pm. but after the curfew, all 5 shows will begin.
The Rangbah Shnong of Dawki, Bah M Ryngksai, told SP News Agency that the ships stolen from India were recovered today and handed over to the owners.
They also tried to attack the manager of SBI at this place. The reason for the anger of the people is that there is a shortage of cash in the bank. The bank has issued only T.2000 tyngka.
The price hike is not only for gas but also for food items like Khaw, Dai, Shini which have been included under the GST. they shall not eat too much of the same flesh, neither shall they eat too much of it.
The Hima would like to express its gratitude to the Government, the Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, the Executive Committee of KHADC for allowing the opening ceremony. after the market had been closed for three months.
“We want to reduce the number of children because they should not be in orphanages but should be with their relatives but as the year goes by they increase.
He said this is not new but it is just a responsibility.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that it is impossible to completely prevent the loss of nature but it can be reduced.
Shillong, March 02: The IBSWO today sent a letter to Shantaram Naik, MP, Chairman, Parliamentary Standing Committee on Personnel, Public Grievances, Justice, Law and New and Law. Delhi to urge him that in the proposal to amend the RTI Act, political parties should be included.
In the other category, Nisha Thongphai won the first category and Bonny L Kharbani won the second category.
The JSU&JYF demands that the CEM and the Secretary of the Executive Committee of JHADC should resign immediately, otherwise we will lodge a complaint in court against the CEM of JHADC.
Speaking to media after the inspection, the Inspector of Labor, Bah Medonsamlem Dkhar, said that the inspection of the documents of foreign workers is to ensure that those who come to work in the state Meghalaya should have a Labor Registration and also ensure that those who have already registered renew their registration after the expiry of the term.
The heavy rainfall will continue until the 13th and 14th of this month. Heavy rainfall is expected in some parts of Meghalaya. more strongly on the 11th and 12th.
Shillong, July 06: There are 90 new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 70 cases in Ri Bhoi, 3 cases in South West Khasi Hills and 3 cases in West Garo Hills. Hills 9, West Jaintia Hills 5, the number of cases has risen to
It received T.1.3 lakh in three phases – T.52,000 in the first phase, T.58,500 in the second phase and T.19,500 in the third phase.
Archbishop Dominic Jala was the chief guest at the dedication of the statue of St. Anthony.
At the time of writing, employees of the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) have cleaned and cleared the ground and hands to release vehicles passing through the road.
Explaining this, the Chief Minister said that in 2014, when the Central Government increased the share of revenue from 33% to 42% between the Central Government and the State Governments, the The Central Government has canceled many schemes on the grounds of increased expenditure according to the report of the Fourteenth Finance Commission.
“Three years in Parliament, Bah Pala has spent his time only in eating sohot,” said Bah Shullai.
In GMIS 2023 opportunities in cruise tourism were discussed while clarifying the government’s commitment to boost cruise tourism including building infrastructure, providing incentives through reduction of taxes, training of people working in these fields and a policy that meets international standards in order to attract those from other countries working in these fields to set up business in India.
HANM and KSU have urged the contractor to construct this road from Dangar to Mawdon and Shella. government.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The District Election Officer of East Khasi Hills District on Tuesday said that no advertisements, appeals, songs, video clippings, flags, signboards, posters, banners and others should be posted. Other media shall not be published or displayed in connection with the MLA election 2018 to the Legislative Assembly without the permission of the Media Certification and Monitoring Committee (MCMC), East Khasi Hills District. .
The two-day meeting was inaugurated by Dr Jitendra Singh, Union Minister of State for DONER Ministry.
Shillong, Nailar 10: The Speaker of the KHADC, Bah Lamphrang Blah and Executive Members and MDCs today visited the Khasi Heritage Village at Mawphlang for the purpose of holding the Khasi Heritage Village. the Monolith Festival 2023 in November.
The two organizations demanded that the owners of the fish competition should pay compensation to the family of the victim and strongly condemned the district authorities. Even the National Highway-44E on this day was seen as someone's parking lot.
Regarding the transfer of officers, this is what the government does from time to time.
Speaking to reporters, Working President Thomas said the party at this meeting discussed the issues included in the election manifesto since 2002 when KHNAM was formed and others. issues that have not yet been implemented such as the Inner Line Permit (ILP).
When they expressed their willingness to come to the talks.
The four cities in the North East of India that fall under the City Mission are Guwahati, Imphal, Agartala, Kohima and Namchi in Sikkim, Pasighat in Arunachal Pradesh and Shillong as a state. Mizoram still have to wait in the third round.
Due to the illness of Bah Martle, Bah FG Kharnaior, Headmaster of the school, was the chief guest.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: The four-day strike by the employees of Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL) today ended with a strike from 9 am to 4 pm. day.
According to information received by the SP News Agency, the Tara Ghar is not a bungalow house used for the Chief Minister. The Chief Minister has not yet allocated a house for the Chief Minister.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: Four children have drowned in the Khuri River near the BSF headquarters in Lyngkhat on Friday, but due to heavy rainfall, the water has suddenly covered them and covered them. these four children who were swimming in the river.
Kulbir's acceptance of the post of DGP at this juncture is necessary as the state is about to go to the elections of the new Assembly, at the same time the increase in insurgency in the country. Garo Hills is also affected.
The JHCMDA has already written to the government but so far they have not seen any sign that the government will send more police to the area to protect the people from the demands and threats. villain.
Indeed, this is the Azadi Amrit Mahotsav gift from the DoT&RJio to the residents.
In the complaint, the DYC said that the bridge at Soksan has been flooded since 2014 and this bridge is very important for the entire North Garo Hills. The bridge was built in 2016 but the work is still pending.
Therefore, the union urges the BDO to immediately implement the demands of the union, said the President of Laskein Block Circle, Dapmain Suchiang.
At this meeting, the MDA decided that the government will work harder to achieve the aspirations of the people in the remaining years.
Shillong, March 18: One of the Home Guards posted with the Madanrting Traffic Station has seized a vehicle which was driving without driving. Drugs worth lakhs of rupees were seized from Mawblei at 7.30 pm.
Latest news from the NHIDCL office said that they have to suspend the work due to opposition from the KSU. They have informed the Meghalaya government about the suspension of the work in this area. that it will solve this problem.
The Green Skills Academy will benefit the youth through direct interactions with industry experts, mentors, and sustainability-focused organizations and provide guidance, mentorship, and potential employment opportunities.
The President of the UDP said that the reason for the suspension of the announcement of the names of the candidates is due to the incident in Mukroh village where the Assam police opened fire and the souls of the victims died. this happened.
“We are sorry for such an incident and we strongly condemn the violence of the law enforcement agencies,” said Bah Eldie.
: The Cabinet of Ministers of the State Government on Tuesday passed the Captain Williamson Sangma State University Amendment Bill (Ordinance), which opens the way for the expansion of education at the University.
The Prime Minister gave examples of the Pradhan Minister's Awareness Scheme, Model Schools and Arunachal Startup Policy.
But on other days you shouldn't ask for permission.
The first elections in India were held on 25 March 1951 and ended on 21 June 1952, the second on 1957 and the third on He was sworn in three times as the Prime Minister of India.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MDC Mawkynrew Constituency, congratulated the VDP Nongjrong Members for taking the responsibility to carry out the responsibility of the village. On his part, as a sign of solidarity, he donated uniforms on that day so that they could be recognized during their work.
Shillong, Nailar 19: The MPCC today celebrated the 73rd birth anniversary of former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi. This celebration was held today because the morning is the day of God.
Shillong, July 07: U Vivek Syiem SP City today said that they have informed the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, AT Mandal that Mawhati MLA Julius Dorphang has been arrested on charges of that he committed a sexual offense against a 14-year-old girl.
“As mentioned earlier, after the Meghalaya High Court banned the import of coal to Bangladesh, the Meghalaya Steering Committee (Minor Mineral) Mining Lease Holder has appealed to the Supreme Court to appeal the decision. The Meghalaya High Court has appealed to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs to ensure the relief of the people of the state.
He added, “We have proposed to drop all the cases against our leaders and members in the lower courts and in the high courts across the state, especially the cases related to Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, July 09: The Khasi Jaintia Fish Wholesalers and Retailers Association (KJFWRA) has held an emergency meeting this morning.
The Meghalaya Farmers' (Empowerment) Commission (Empowerment) Bill 2020 was introduced by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma. any debate.
The training for Ranikor will be held at Mawkyrwat and for South Tura at the ETC Complex in Tura.
“In these areas we need to have leaders from the same party because when two leaders are from the same household there will be a close cooperation in terms of development works,” he said. He said that as the people in this MDC election, we should elect leaders who have worked for five years, not those who have only intentions but do not work.
Regarding this incident, the Syiem of Sohra Hima has been suspended and demanded that he should lose the Syiemship. The CEM of KHADC said that it is sad. that's clean".
Shillong, Lber 09: BSF troops in Garo Hills today arrested 10 Bangladeshis who had smuggled into the Garo Hills.
Shillong, Naitung 03: The Women's Organization (STIEH) today held a public meeting at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar to express their support for the Khasi people. Hills Autonomous District (Khasi Social Custom of Lineage) Second Amendment  Bill, 2018.
Shillong, November 24: The village of Moolamylliang in East Jaintia Hills in the past few years has attracted people from all over the Khasi Hills to visit the lights during the Christmas season until the New Year.
In India, many states have changed their names such as places in Assam like Nowgong to Nagaon, Gauhati to Guwahati, Sibsagar to Sivasagar, as well as in Kerala, Gujarat, Himachal Pradesh, Karnataka, Haryana and others, as well as other countries used to change their names such as Babylon is now known as Iraq, Iran is known as Persia. Cylon is now known as Sri Lanka, Burma is now known as Myanmar.
Shillong, July 19: Nangkiew FC 'A' has won the 4th Inter Dong Football Tournament by 2-0 -1 goal on Saturday at Umjapung Stadium.
Along with the AIR channels, Doordarshan has broadcast all its channels.
Speaking to reporters, the president of MAWU, Kong Mira June Myrsing, said, “In this regard, the ASHAs have decided to return to their workplaces but they have expressed that the struggle to demand development their reward is not yet finished.
Shillong, July 03: A five-member committee of Khasi, Jaintia and Garo Chiefs, led by Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, Meghalaya State Planning Board, on Tuesday held a meeting to discuss the issue. met Dr Rameshwar Oraon, Chairman, NCST, Government of India, at his office at Lok Nayak Bhavan, Khan Market, New Delhi on 3rd January 2014, at 1.30pm, to discuss the suspension of the treaties and agreements between the Government of India and the Hima Khasi States, which ended 65 years ago through the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement.
He also wished him a long and healthy life.
It was informed that there are still some suggestions from the meeting of the Central Executive Committee and that it would like to continue to submit more suggestions. to the Government and the Expert Committee.
According to the decision of the GST Council, it has also released a loan amount of T.1,10,208 in lieu of the deficiency in the exemption for GST expenses from for the fiscal year 2020-2
The Principal Secretary, IT Department, Bah DP Wahlang, Secretary, Bah MR Syrem, Bah E Lyngwa from the same department were also present on the occasion. These children did not pass well.
The total number of students who came to sit for the HSSLc in the Commerce Stream was 2,411, of which 680 students came for the First Division, 956 for the Second Division and 179 for the Second Division. In the Third Division, the total percentage of students who passed was 80.26%.
Shillong, Nailur 20: U Bah Samborlang Diengdoh today announced that he will contest the 2023 MLA elections from the 14-Pynthorumkhrah constituency as an independent candidate.
This is the fifth time that the organization has sent about 24 drug addicts to the Rehabilitation Center in Assam for treatment so that they can get a new life.
“I am happy to have this opportunity to visit this holy place Shaktipeeth on this day of Vijaya Dashami and Dusshera. I and God bless the people of Nartiang"
However, if no one applies within the stipulated date, the office will announce that it will be handed over to those who wish to apply.
This has caused a lot of trouble to the low income students and the Seng has also found that many of the Khasi students have not been able to write their examinations.
The highest number of cases is in East Khasi Hills with
Shillong, Iaiong 07: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has decided to seek more time from the state government regarding the central government's request to amend the Sixth Amendment. Schedule.
However, this expectation has come true because the Creator has been able to take him away at a time that we all didn't expect.
“Therefore, as mandated by law, we will not allow banks to reject the loan applications of our people,” he added.
The JSU would also like to express its gratitude to the CEM and the EC for the implementation of the Non Encumbrance Certificate in the past as suggested and requested by the JSU. miat joke public.
Shillong, Nailar 8: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War today said that 17 people have tested positive for COVID-19, out of which 14 cases in East Khasi Hills and 12 cases in North Garo Hills. 2 cases are civilians and 3 cases are BSF personnel from West Garo Hills. Out of the 12 cases in East Khasi District, 4 cases have been confirmed. Two of them are in close contact with the COVID-19 patient and seven others are working at the RP Chest Hospital.
They have the confidence that this government will not solve this problem.
On the same day, the new office bearers of the Mairang UDP Circle including SR Roy Ryntathiang as President, Metbah Lyngdoh as Working President, SS Syiemlieh as Vice President and Tairos Warjri as Vice President were also confirmed. General Secretary Pyndap Nongsiej as Treasurer, E. Nongrang as Organizing Secretary, Adviser PS Lyngdoh and EC members have confirmed the presidents of 40 Zones under Mairang Constituency.
The party also urges the MLAs in the government to say and do something to ensure that the ILP should work in the state. Don't think of your own interests but think of the future of the nation and the state as a whole.
About 700 students from all over the Amapti area have attended.
However, unfortunately, the state government in the implementation of this Roster System has fallen behind by creating unemployment for Garo people according to the 40:40 ratio.
Officials from the Transport Department today said that 80% of the work has been completed and only 20% remains.
According to the residents of the area, the construction of this road has been done since 2017 and the cleaning of the soil in many places has been completed, but the work is still pending. cut.
According to the photographs received by SP News Agency, the Assam Survey 2021-2022 has been conducted by the Assam Survey. The Assam Government has visited the Mawpud area.
He said that at the Cabinet meeting on the 18th of this month, the incident will be discussed.
Ed) and to send training D.El.
Jowai, Nailar 27: The JSU & JYF have expressed their deep sorrow over the arrest of the President and Finance Secretary of the MPUF for arresting suspected foreigners who smuggled into Jaintia Hills without permission. have valid documents to prove themselves as Indian citizens.
The Sunapur Bridge and the tunnel have been destroyed and the narrot has appeared. This clean narrot has appeared on the bridge and the tunnel. They said that our leaders remember us only during the elections and promised to carry the burden of the road. They have remembered to tell the people that the budlum of development is the road. This is the most important thing to do when they have won 100,000 leaders have forgotten to sit on the throne. The question is why until now they have not turned their attention to this road, said MD Buam, one of the drivers of this area.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: It is an unprecedented incident in Ri Khasi that a man has gone to the court to ask permission to kill himself and his three children, but this has happened to Abdul. Rahim because he has suffered too much in his household as a father.
After the thanksgiving ceremony, it was the turn of the flag raising ceremony by the Treasurer of the Sengbah Dr M.Blah.
Members of the Bodo Women Justice Forum were also present to welcome the NDFB leader. Anjali Daimary, sister of Ranjan Daimary, said that her brother has been released on bail. It is hoped that the peace talks will move forward and it is hoped that they will get what the Bodo people have been demanding from time to time.
He urged participants to explore opportunities for government and industry and academia to work together.
Ardent said there is an understanding between Conrad K Sangma and Home Minister Amit Shah to silence the protests of the people. He said that as a brother, he will gather all the civil society organizations and village leaders to go to Delhi to demand from the central government to pass a strong law to protect the jaidbynriew.
Blood serum taken from a person who has recovered from the disease, especially one that contains a lot of protein, helps fight against COVID-1
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) today held a one-day sit-in at the parking lot of the Additional Secretariat to demand that the government should resolve the issue. It is located in the state of Assam.
Speaking to the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, Samla Banshai said that the State Government receives a lot of revenue through the Mawsynram area from the trade, coal, mining and others. Lafarge Limestone Mining Pvt.
At present, the peace and stability in the area has started to improve in the past three years.
Through the support of the SBI Foundation since 2020, this initiative has benefited 90,000 children in 3,000 Anganwadi Centers by training Anganwadi workers to provide child-centered, play-based lessons, reading lessons, and other educational opportunities that will help build the holistic development of children in all aspects from early childhood in all one state.
Further questioning of apprehended persons may help to expose other members of the syndicate both side of the border.
“Since 1951, the Pnar people have suffered many kinds of persecution and torture at the hands of the law enforcement agencies or at the hands of the Karbi rebels until they have suffered a life of misery. and it is for this reason that they are demanding the return of their villages to Meghalaya,” said the Seng.
Regarding the provision of electricity to the khiew shet, but the construction sites do not have light, the government has decided to provide light through the Solar Power scheme. and he gave him water.
Shillong, Nailur 21: The Inspector General of Police (ISP) Meghalaya has attended a one-day meeting in Tura to discuss the peace and order in Garo Hills. Office Incahrge is located in three districts of Lum Garo.
Chyne said.
This made the crowd very angry.
During the meeting, the Minister promised the KSU leaders that the Chief Minister and he as the Minister of Agriculture will leave for Delhi to discuss the issue. clearly with the federal government.
The time of the Government will not be over.
This has increased the value of data and brought about a data revolution in the country.
In 1951, the United Mikir and North Cachar Hills were merged for the construction of Block I and Block II. /50/ 149 dated 13th June 1951 by the Governor of the State for the purpose of improvement in the administration of the work.
On this occasion, there was a song by the children which enriched the occasion.
Shops from Motphran to Bimola and from Motphran to MUDA parking lot at Garikhana have been allowed to reopen.
Shillong, November 09: The NEHU Students' Union (NEHU) has requested the NEHU Students' Union (NEHU) to exempt NEHU from these programmes. NEHU is still in the middle of various examinations until the 20th of this month.
The Opposition has passed a resolution on the need to amend the IOA & AA provisions under a special Article in the Constitution of India.
The Minister also launched the promos of the new serials on Doordarshan - Corporate Sarpanch: BetiDesh Ki, Jai Bharati, Suron ka Eklavya and Ye Dil Mange More along with the promo of Startup Champions
During the raid, police found that many young boys and girls were drinking and some of them were sitting in their vehicles and police took all 68 persons for questioning. Some of them fled because of the darkness. The inspector of the place and three employees were also taken away.
During the meeting, the Syiems, Sirdars, Lyngdohs, Ministers, Sordars and Rangbah Shnongs said that at present they do not have a place to speak in the District Councils, Assemblies or Parliament in India due to the rule of the Dorbar Kurs. Shnong, Raid and Hima are the forms of government which have not yet recognized the Partyless Dorbar system and have not appeared in the Constitution of India to date.
On this occasion, assistance was distributed to 30 households who will receive electricity through this scheme.
In this meeting, the General Manager said that he will not be able to appoint a job because the appointment is from Delhi. They will write to Delhi and send it. A letter has been sent by the two organizations to convey to the authorities regarding this request as a condolence to the family.
Pakistan is a Muslim country, Bangladesh is a Muslim country, Iran is a Muslim country, we will be like Pakistan, anyone who believes in other religions will be illegal.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, the President of the union, Bah Donbok Dkhar, said that the transfer of these police officers is in violation of the Meghalaya Police Act
There are responsibilities assigned to them through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare which they have to do to assist in various areas of health to the villages across the state.
The meeting was attended by officers from the Forest Department, PWD, PHE, SMB, Cantonment Board, Rangbah Shnongs and office bearers of various committees. The meeting was attended by the MLA and Minister of State.
Hilar Thabah of Lawsohtun won the Player of the Match award and Greatestful Lyngkhoi of Lawsohtun won the Player of the Series award.
Narendra Modi will be sworn in as the Prime Minister of India for the third time in a row and the swearing-in ceremony will take place on Saturday 8/6/2024 at 5 pm.
The curfew has been in place since 5 pm and till the time of writing of this news no incident has occurred except for the burning of tires on parts of GS Road in Mawlai and Ri Bhoi District. , this is the information as of this writing.
On that day, the Assam police cleaned up without touching the children, the elderly and the villagers. In the middle of that incident, the people were angry and destroyed the Assam Forest Office. The Forest Office of Assam was rebuilt at the same place.
Shillong, July 15: The Ranikor Block Congress Committee (MPCC) today decided to join the Ranikor Block Congress Committee (MPCC). Bah PK Nongmin has been appointed as the Convener of the party in Ranikor Constituency.
Regarding the government's intention to work with the companies to run the dewbilat factory, he said that the workers have no say if the government can protect the workers in the dewbilat factory. Their wish is that the factory will run and they will get their salaries.
Meanwhile, the General Secretary of the UDP said that the CEC has decided to introduce some new amendments to the party's Constitution before the party holds its General Council on 29th November that the current term of the CEC has expired.
At the same time, this area falls under the Hima Mylliem and the agreement between the Hima Mylliem and the Shillong Municipal Board is not clear and the District Council needs to talk to this area. in the area of ​​the District Council.
On the other hand, we are not surprised by such incidents because when we read the BJP Manifesto, we find that the objectives are clear and far from what is written in the Manifesto. and when they took over the Khadar rule in India.
Since the day the government took over, the government has taken action to protect all the residents.
The meeting also decided to inform the Union of Village Authorities of Bri u Hynniew Trep to take action on this issue and the District Council which is empowered by the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of the country. India has not taken responsibility for this, as they are still under the jurisdiction of the District Council.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister said that the meeting was held 10 days before the start of the session of the House. Those who are in the MDA government have been involved.
New Delhi, March 08: “Children should not be affected by diseases,” said the Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the launch of the Intensified Mission Indradhanush. " in Vadnagar, Gujarat, today.
There are eight candidates contesting from the 1-Shillong Parliamentary seat. On this day, it was seen that the candidates went from one polling station to another to know the turnout of voters.
Other MDCs who took part in the discussion were Chief Executive Member Teinwell Dkhar, MN Mukhim, Lambor Malangniang, Bindo M Lanong. They opposed the CAB and this was discussed at the NEDA meeting this year in Guwahati.
The organizers have informed the public that those who have already purchased tickets to witness the opening day of the festival will be allowed to take part whether they wish to take part on the next day or on the day before. and the feast shall be kept until the day of God.
Damaging drugs will also ensure that the entire country is free from the grip of drugs.
Shillong, June 02: The National People's Party (NPP) led by the CEM of Khasi Hills District Council, Bah Pyniaid Singh Syiem today welcomed the office bearers of the Mawryngkneng Block Congress Committee. The youth wing of the TMC and UDP. This joining of the Congress, TMC and UDP members to the NPP will be a blessing to the party which is in the midst of preparing for the Lok. Sabha Election will be held soon in the coming days before the people will go out to cast their votes to elect the new MP.
After the Speaker recognized the AITC as a new group in the House under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma as the opposition in the House, the AITC has elected Bah George B Lyngdoh as the new party in the House. be the leader of the council on the opposite side.
Shillong, Nailur 15: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Titostarwell Chyne on Tuesday said that the KHADC has been working hard to improve the construction of the casino. sent a letter on 27th November 2022 and on 01st November 2022 received a reply from the Syiem of Raid Marwet.
All the speakers urged the new members of KSU Mawprem Circle to serve the KSU Mawprem Circle physically and spiritually for the good of the Jaidbynriew especially in the Mawprem area where besides the migration of other ethnic groups. bad picture ri.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Ornel Pyngrope, said that 20 houses have been damaged by the cyclone. go to inspect.
He recalled that in 1952, the Governor had appointed four foreign MDCs who were appointed by the Governor. In 1972, two foreign MDCs won from Laban and Laitumkhah as MDCs, while according to the IOA & AA, only Khasi can become members. the first opposition.
Even Rev JJM Nichols Roy, who is often called the father of the Sixth Schedule, has expressed through speeches and writings his dissatisfaction with the structure of the Sixth Schedule, and has strongly criticized the The Premier (now Chief Minister) of Assam, Gopinath Bordoloi, who at the last minute replaced Bah Joy, and included in the Sixth Scheduled that District Councils should be under the jurisdiction of the state (State) Assam.
These suggestions and plans will help the government to introduce policies and help achieve the goal of making India a developed country by 2047, he added.
Shillong, Iaiong 07: The KSU West Jaintia Hills District today met with the Minister in charge of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui and submitted a letter to the Minister of State for Education. The government should appoint teachers and staff within the Government Boys Higher Secondary School Jowai.
Speaking to media after the meeting between the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and the Prime Minister, Kong Ampareen said that all ASHA workers are paid according to their work and there is no requirement to you have to pay a fixed monthly payment.
All the polling officers have left their polling stations today for the elections to be held tomorrow.
This will ensure that there will be no shortage of oxygen in the hospitals in the districts and will ensure that they can provide treatment to COVID-19 patients or any patients in need of oxygen.
He said that their struggle is for drugs and not for drug users.
Kyrmen Lyngdoh has lodged a complaint with the police alleging that Sam Lyngdoh was killed by his wife Sanli Lamare.
Through the SSA, many assistance has been provided to children with disabilities.
He said that many people in the state have not yet accepted the BJP and it will take time for the BJP to spread in the state.
His passing away has brought a great loss to the state especially to the ethnic parties in the state.
Pala said that in Ri Khasi Jaintia it is difficult to deceive because they know who to vote and who not to vote, who to trust and who not to trust. and he too shall be happy if they do not give sufficient candidates.
After that, he will be allowed to leave for the next visit, he added, adding that it has been decided that the Government can spend only one visit and The second time shall be paid by the Government of India or any foreign Agency.
Wallamjingsuk Khongshun of Na Rympei FC won the Best Goalkeeper award, Frezio Majaw of Tanaw FC won the Best Goalkeeper award and Bankit Mujai of Nangïaikiew FC won the Top Scorer award. The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on Friday launched the Chief Minister's Research Grant (CMRG) to promote research in the State.
Shillong, Naitung 07: Out of the six persons who tested positive for COVID-19 today, one is from the BSF and two from the Army. Air Force.
At the time of writing, the leaders of Sur ki Nong Mawlai have started sitting in front of the secretariat with signs to condemn the government and demand the temporary suspension of the police for investigation. right for Mr. Chesterfield.
Previously, the tax was only two tyngka per box of kyiad that went to the army bases as tax.
The party will also hold public meetings of JACATAM in Tura and Shillong in the coming days to discuss this issue.
The reason is that such people lose their income and to support their families which puts them in poverty.
Shillong, March 25: The Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Manstudy Nongrem and the Deputy Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) have decided to resign tomorrow morning.
The shooting competition will be divided into two groups, one for children aged 9 to 18 years and the other for those aged 18 years and above for men and women.
“We formed a team with Nitish Kumar.
When asked whether the government has applied for the NOC from the KHADC, the CEM said that some land has been applied for and some have not.
Barisha L.Mawlong said that Bah Kynsailin Kharphanbuh is over 60 years old and he is wearing a dark gray jacket and a blue sweater.
Our soldiers who guard the border areas, in the heat of the sun in the desert or the cold in the mountains, are not only doing our duty.
It is learned that some people with visual impairments have gone to ask for help from an MLA who does not want to be named. I will answer the question of this MLA, remember you will not sit in that chair for more than five years because your words have already convinced you.
This was announced by the Union Minister in charge of Development of the North Eastern Region, G. Kishan Reddy in a written statement in the Rajya Sabha today.
The names of those who report will be kept confidential.
lane: A jerlane cannot be called a shlem because it is like a shlem that cannot be read or taught any subject.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills has ordered that the closure will be effective from tomorrow morning 21st June 2023. The closure will be for one day, until further notice.
The Startup India initiative is a key initiative of the Government of India which aims to build a strong environment to promote innovation and startups in the country.
On the other hand, the SP of East Khasi Hills said that the people should beware of the media which can cause unrest because many times the exploiters will try to find ways and means. how to destroy peace and harmony.
At this public meeting of the HSPDP party, Bah Ardent said that the BJP intends to introduce one law, one culture, one religion and one language throughout India. The comments come when they are too afraid of their own seat and cannot help but criticize and accuse without foundation and make false claims of something that cannot be.
There were also those who came from all over the country in the competition.
Two members including a woman have fallen ill and are currently in hospital.
Speaking to reporters after inspecting the construction of the Market Complex, Bah Gavin said that the project has been funded by the Tribal Affairs Department of the Union Government at a cost of T. crore rupees.
Those who wish to visit this place can visit from 6.30 pm to 10.00 pm.
Robina Ryntathiang, a street vendor, said that she has benefited from various schemes of the Government.
Other medal winners were Ibadarishisha from Lumparing Class XI Student of Laban Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, Anjalin Iakai from Shangpung Presbyterian H/S School and Elbring Umbah from Shangpung Presbyterian Higher Secondary School. Mawtari Raid Thaïang Mawhati won the gold medal for the state.
Therefore, they have given time to the Kpohs to meet in their respective Kpohs to take into consideration and submit their suggestions to the Seng Kur pyllun before the end of this year. In 2019, the entire Seng Kur will meet to issue a single recommendation.
At the same time, it was learned that the Minister in charge of Urban Affairs, Bah Ronni V Lyngdoh will visit the surrounding areas of the market on the 24th of this month to work with the market. the hima and the government how to fight to bring about cleanliness in this market.
At the same time, the MLA visited Rilbong at Brookside for the construction of the Rabindranath Museum in the presence of officials from the Department of Culture and Heritage and other dignitaries. everyone is there only.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Governor of Meghalaya, Banwarilal said that the natural disasters in the last 20 years in the state have been severe as 70% of the residents have not taken the the ways and means to protect the environment.
Vincent H Pala was first elected as MP from the Shillong Parliamentary Seat in 2009 from the Congress party. The Ministry of Minority Affairs under the Congress-led United Progressive Alliance Government in Delhi.
There are 1225 Lower Primary Schools, 844 Upper Primary Schools and 386 Secondary Schools, 2450 teachers in LP Schools and 3376 teachers in UP Schools. There are 2139 teachers in Secondary Schools.
Can we ensure this? We have abolished some laws and regulations that are no longer in force.
Suk Pariat, President of the Women's Wing in her speech, expressed her gratitude to Kumar for donating cleaning supplies to some of the households.
Shillong, Nailar 19: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mawlai Circle, Mawlai Nongkwar, has raided three vehicle dealerships in Mawlai, Modrina Auto Enterprise, Banalari. World Cars  and at Stanley Roy Mahindra Service.
They said they welcome the cooperation between India and the US in new groups such as the Quad, I2U2, and others.
Speech was also delivered by the Publicity Secretary of the party, Samla Sambormi Lyngdong. In his speech, he showed many ways and means as party leaders how we should live and walk.
The Rangbah Shnong alleged that the Assam Government authorities do not explain the development works provided by the Assam Government to the Nepalis living in Madan Umwang.
I would like to thank my family who have encouraged me especially my father although he is no longer in the world but from outside the world he still remembers us children and I would also like to thank the teachers of the school who have encouraged me. They have supported me and they have given me the wisdom and strength and they have worked hard for me not only to get education but also to teach me respect and manners”.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: The MIPF today met with Bah Titosstarwell Chyne EM in charge of Land in KHADC to demand that the KHADC should implement the Land Acquisition Act. get loans to build houses from banks.
On the other hand, Bah John F Kharshiing, expressed his gratitude to Bah Lamborsing Nongrum, who has shown great political maturity by being able to hear the meeting to invite the candidates to vote. hold meetings to announce and encourage local supporters to support others.
The two MLAs are Robinus Syngkon from Mokaiw Constituency and Justine Dkhar from Khliehriat Constituency.
“We have also informed the KHADC and we expect that when we pass through this place again we will see the original name,” said the statement.
We, as a group, do not care whether anyone is a full member, whether they are members of the political parties or individuals.
The Chief Minister accepted these suggestions of the civil society and said that it is now the duty of the government to implement them in order to curb the influx of civil society organizations. people who are bar.
On the payment of school and college fees, the union has also demanded that the education department should fight against the payment of school and college fees.
The Citrus Rejuvenation Program of the Ministry of Agriculture has improved agriculture.
There are 96 villages affected by the cyclone, 47,490 people affected, 361 houses destroyed, three people evacuated. people from the flood.
With the presence of the UPA government in Delhi, the government led by him will do its utmost to attract investment to the state in order to bring about a change in the development of the state.
The authorization of the High Court has allowed the police to investigate further into the protest of 10 organizations against the ILP.
When she went to this place, she said that she had drunk the water given by the man and as soon as she drank it, she didn't know anyone anymore. She was with Prince in the same bedroom at the Bluemount Hotel, Room No 119, Police Bazar.
Shillong, Nailar 21: The Minister of State for Education, Dr RC Laloo, has refused to address the issue of the Meghalaya Teachers' Union. The JACATCM will start its strike from the 27th of this month.
During the raid, police arrested two kidnappers while two others escaped.
In the last six years, India's status has risen as never before where national security and foreign relations are matters that have been looked after to ensure that all aspects of national development continue with no worries about resource adequacy and other obstacles along the way.
On the other hand, the Seng makes it clear that it will not allow the department to proceed with the tender and will soon consider other ways to prevent the government's attempt to to promote the peace and stability of the people in the Nongjri area.
Bull N. Lyngdoh is the fourth President of the KSU. He held the post of President from 1983 to
Ringrang TG Momin MPS has been transferred as SP Shillong City and appointed as F&ES of Tura.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Shillong City has received several complaints against a Hyundai AS-01 AT 0888 which used to park in Polo area to sell drugs. Pasture Beat House Police Station was informed of the incident.
Our people themselves go their own way and work but it is these (Karbi) from Shilinag (Assam) who are the ones who are doing it.
There are 6 cases from East Khasi Hills, 5 cases from Ri Bhoi, 1 case from East Khasi Hills, 9 cases from East Khasi Hills. There have been 92,234 confirmed cases and 1,593 deaths so far.
The discussion between the USTM and the HYC was on the letter it sent to the university in April this year requesting that the Khasi subject should be included in the university which has 900 students. Khasi students at this school.
On the other hand, James said that as of now, the state does not have the right leadership for the development of the state.
Not only that, we also urge the EM to look into and set a limit on the issuance of Trading License so that it will not affect the trade of the indigenous people.
The DGP said that the Safe-Secure Shillong scheme implemented by the government is expected to progress quickly to achieve the objectives as agreed and with the approval of the DGP to come.
He also urged the members of the Unit to work hard for the development of the community in the villages and the country and the nation.
The contest in this election will be between the two candidates of the Congress and the NPP. Dr Mukul Sangma as MLA.
UDP and 4th Movement.
These organizations will also conduct public awareness campaigns on how to fight against these crimes which have affected the state.
Speaking to reporters after welcoming the two MDCs to the NPP, Dr Kharlukhi said that this decision was made clear at the meeting of the MLA candidates. The NPP in 2018, at a meeting held in Tura.
Shillong, Nailar 23: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today confirmed 17 new cases of COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, 1 in East Khasi Hills, 1 in Ri Bhoi, 2 in South Garo Hills. West Garo Hills 1, West Garo Hills 3, West Jaintia Hills
Shillong, June 17: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the government has talked to the ICMR to recognize Nazareth Hospital as a testing centre.
The Chief Guest said that the celebration of this Silver Jubilee gives the management the opportunity to look back on the past years, to remember the contribution of the past and present employees and managers. and to look forward to the future and new goals as part of continuing to serve the people of the region.
The Dr. Kalam Center will operate under several key areas, including Training and Development.
East Jaintia Hills District is the area where most of the private vehicles operate illegally due to the lack of Local Taxis which have proper permits to operate in the area. Private vehicles without proper documents or permits have caused concern and anxiety to the passengers especially when there has been a collision between commercial vehicles with lacal taxi permits and private vehicles. The presence of the DTO office in East Jaintia Hills is a great benefit to the district and the region as a whole, as it helps a lot to the people, said Niwasly Rymbai President JYF-EJH. of the area to get closer services and the people not to have to go to Jowai for their vehicle needs.
At the same time, there are many problems and the main problems are the lack of adequate badminton or indoor sport facilities and the lack of full financial support.
The National President of the NPP, Conrad K Sangma, said that Conrad has said that he will be the candidate of the NPP party and when he wins, he will work not only for the constituency but for the demand for the district. MCCL and many other projects that he can advise the government on.
Briyan, a resident of Tura, Ringregittim, West Garo Hills District, surrendered to the South Garo Hills Police Station in the presence of Deputy Commissioner Shella N Marak IAS, Superintendent of Police. Abraham T Sangma, religious leaders and civil society groups were also present.
The Government has taken action against the GNLA and urges the people, private sector, traders and all trade organizations to surrender to the GNLA. The GNLA is only a thief and robber to collect money to commit illegal activities.
Prisdalin Shangpliang, mother and four children lost their lives in the incident at 4 pm today. The deceased were identified as Kamustar Shangpliang 6 years old, Bedingstar 5 years old, Sisharlin 2 years old and another child 9 months old.
The new office bearers of HANM Nongpoh Circle include President Donroy Kshiar, Vice President Khrawpyrkhat Thongni, General Secretary Wanteibor Makri, Assistant Secretary Honly Navin Marbaniang, Finance Secretary Aiborlang Suting and others.
After these incidents, I will know for sure that they are BSF soldiers,” said Kong Pohshna.
The training center has conducted the Swachhata Hi Seva (SHS) program from 15th November, 2023 to 2nd March 2023 and has conducted various programs such as cleaning the office grounds, residential areas, parks, sidewalks, electrical appliances.
The meeting was conducted by Samla Oswel Thabah, President of KSU Sengkmie. At the same time, Samla Donald V. Thabah, General Secretary of KSU Sengkmie welcomed the guests. The Chief Guest was Bah Marcus Warjri Rangbah Shnong Umrynjah who was the Symbud Chief Guest along with other leaders of the party who were present.
On Tuesday, the BSF at Jaliakhola seized 24 cows worth T.4.49 lakh.
The journey of this train will start from 21.10.2023 (Saturday) ex-Secunderabad.
In West Khasi Hills, 17 cases have been confirmed from Shalang, one case from Ri Bhoi District, one case from outside the state, one case from West Jaintia Hills. Three persons were admitted to RP Chest Hospital in West Garo Hills District.
For Meghalaya, it will be held at three venues.
With these restrictions, tourists are only allowed to visit pre-selected places and routes.
It is our duty to ensure that the aspirations of the people of Jammu and Kashmir and Ladakh are fulfilled.
Shillong, March 09: To promote tourism in Meghalaya, the Tourism Department has been appointed by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
The Factory Department understands that all the areas fall under the Sixth Schedule except the European Ward. When the department found that there was an error in the writing, it removed it, said the latest news from the Department of Commerce and Industry of the state government.
John Kharshiing said the good news is that another market has emerged in the world called the carbon trading market.
The road from Madanrting Market Junction to Demthring Petrol Pump Junction will be reduced to one lane.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The 25th Kiew Pyneh Rngiew of the Lum Sohpetbneng Committee of the Seng Khasi Kmie, was held on the clearing of the holy mountain of Sohpetbneng. and the paid of the Bri U Hynniewtrep Hynniewtrep Hynniewtrep Hynniewtrep Hynniewtrep Hynniewtrep Hynniewtrep Hynniewtrep Hynniewtrep.
On the other hand, Bah N Pasi said that the JAC has demanded from the Government that there should be a Land Custom in Jaintia Hills.
Thousands of people came to witness the Air Festival. The people saw the bravery of these soldiers through the parachute launch, the flying of fighter jets, the display of guns. don't be afraid of this juk now.
Shillong, Lber 16: The exhibition of handicrafts has been held from time to time by the State Government or the Central Government but all these have not been able to help the handicraft makers in this exhibition. The state has not been able to provide a market for them.
If this intention of the NPP-led MDA government is true, why should parents send their children to school now?
Rahul Gandhi, it's time for you to start your Bharat Todo Unity Yatra! Meghalaya today celebrated its national identity at the 'One District One Product' (ODOP) Sampark and honored the winners of the ODOP Sampark held in Mumbai. .
The general secretary of the Bangalore unit said that the union is doing this with the aim of promoting education by giving this award as a blessing to them for their hard work.
Speaking at a meeting held at the Iew Dielang in Iewduh, Grace said that the Iew duh is no longer just a market but it is also one of the places where tourists from all over the world come to Iewduh. to see because this is a market that is famous all over the world.
During the meeting , the village leaders expressed before the Chief Minister that the NIT should be completed and also spoke about the district . There are also others who want the government to consider before taking a decision.
However, although the government has summoned them twice on 16.8.2013 and 23.8.2013, the union does not want to meet with these government officials, but has taken the path of protest to ask for their request.
When they ask me why I have to resign from the post of MLA, it is for Ranikor,” said Bah Danggo.
All these MDCs demanded that there should be no freedom of expression.
The KSU Western Border Area under the leadership of Samla Receive Pator President has erected a signboard at Balakhawa which falls on the border with Assam.
After the announcement of this curfew to fight against COVID-1
This was announced in a statement by Assistant Sports Secretary Yodahunki Shylla.
Meanwhile, the Meghalaya Linguistic Minority Forum (MLMF) has announced to hold a protest against the killing along with the CWC. .
Answering a supplementary question by Dr Ampareen regarding the decision of the House , the Minister said that it is true that the House has already taken a decision and he was still in the government at that time.
The ritual at Iewduh is to pray to the gods to bless the sale of pets, to increase the trade so that the trade will increase inside the market. The head of the market went to the tympew market to celebrate.
At the same time, HNYM West Jaintia Hills District demands that the government should open the health center as soon as possible so that it can provide services to the people of the two districts. West and East Jaintia Hills Districts.
Shillong, March 15: The Union of Elders of the Hynniewtrep People's Liberation Army (UPLF) has sent its condolences on the sudden passing away of Archbishop Rev Dominic Jala in a tragic accident in California, USA.
He warned that the threat of this disease is not over and regular surveillance is essential.
The meeting was conducted by the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District.
We expect the Meghalaya State Government, Honorable MDCs and KHADC authorities to work hard and create new ways to assist these Khasi States and Elaka Sirdarships by appointing special personnel to complete the only these Acts and Rules can be completed easily within three months.
Shillong, March 27: Police have confirmed that the Area Commander of the GNLA (GNLA) who was killed in a shootout with police at Gare Rindi in South Garo Hills yesterday. Your name is Salman.
All the old Jeeps in Shillong who came to take part in this march organized by the office of the DEO East Khasi Hills District were nine. The oldest is that of Bah Ashok Lyngdoh.
On the other hand, CM Jha's officers were Uday, Lalit, Amit Kumar, Atul Kumar, Rekha Bakshi, Ashish Kumar and Ankit Rajagaria.
Latest reports close to the Home Department of the state government have wanted to do this and now they are trying to search for the MLA of Mawhati even to other states of India. to do this.
“The government is determined to upgrade the workforce at NEIAH to make it the most qualified Ayush personnel in the country.
IIM Shillong uses technology, multimedia and digital collaboration to provide quality learning and interaction with fellow trainees and teachers.
" said Mr. Paul Lyngdoh.
At the public meeting, the Chief Minister said that when the Minister of Education submitted the proposal to allocate funds for the construction of the college, Capt Sangma College in Baghmara took only two minutes to take a decision. At the time of the decision, there were three colleges, in Williamnagar and one in Sohra.
Speaking on the occasion, Brigadier PM Bali, in charge of the NCC in the North East, said that the spirit of patriotism must exist so that it will disappear from the face of the earth. .
In this meeting, the Minister said that the government does not want to be a stumbling block in the development, but if the government does not listen, how can they do because of the land? the nights are the places of work and the places of income from these places of night.
Shillong, March 24: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has expressed its deep sorrow over the unfounded allegations especially the writings of the former Governor of Meghalaya. and also those who have caused conflict between us the indigenous people and the Bengalis.
The Federation of Khasi States has also expressed its surprise to read the reply of the Government of India on the VAB, through a letter from the MHA No. 11012/144/2015 NE:IV January States expresses its regret over the silence of the KHADC authorities on this letter which shows the Government of India's lack of recognition and acceptance of the Dorbar Shnongs in Ri Khasi because according to the Sixth Scheduled they wanted to introduce Village Councils and Municipal Councils on the basis of Adult Suffrage and in which other tribes and original inhabitants had to be included in these new structures.
Furthermore, as part of these other measures, the Punjab government should have deployed more security forces to bring security but this was not done.
However, as young men and women who have responsibility for the society of the country and the nation, we should not be afraid or backward but let us be brave and self-reliant.
You can make voice calls/VOIP calls from your mobile or landline or any other network across the country.
Students of Sein Kur Dkhar, Wapung Circle who wish to apply for this award should write and indicate clearly on the application form their name, parent's name, hometown, educational qualification, School, Examination Type, Board/University, Percentage, Division, Position, Grade, Pass Year and Mobile Number and attach Marksheet, Certificate and Residential Certificate. to the party within the 20th of this month from the date of publication of this notice.
Karnataka accounted for only 58.81%.
At the meeting, the Meghalaya government agreed to work together on a PPP basis to start with a small scale where the Meghalaya government will not spend money and this will be a starting point before making a decision for the larger ones.
Therefore, it is explained more clearly as follows:: Jingtip (which does not exist) in the Khasi language 'tip' means to know, to be able to do something, 'tip' means to know or hear something.
The BSF is vigilant to ensure that there is no smuggling into Bangladesh.
Shillong, July 13: The BSF has honored the VDPs of three villages on the border with Bangladesh, Umsyiem, Kongwang and Umkren in East Khasi Hills District.
In his speech, the president of the Kisan Morcha reminded that the farmers are the source of income for the country. India will be able to meet its food needs.
These are ways of thinking that often mislead children and students.
The Assembly Committee on Environment before convening the meeting and issuing the directive, visited Shallang area under the meeting of Bah SK Sunn MLA as Chairman of the Committee.
The Seng through this statement once again demands from the EC of Bah Pynshaing N Syiem that they should stop collecting taxes or enroll non tribals to collect labor licenses and should stop issuing labor licenses here. ahead.
It is learned that the person who tested positive for the disease has already been in one of the quarantine centres.
The disease affects millions of people around the world but in India it affects more ethnic groups.
received – 75%.
On the other hand, Sambhu Singh, Joint Secretary in charge of North East, said that what they have discussed today, all the decisions are still under preparation and nothing can be accepted.
The Health and Wellness Center is a purpose where we focus on examination and treatment.
We should follow this spirit of encouragement from these families.
Those who have songs can send them to Bah Lyngdoh.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah AL Hek said that no letter has been received from the Returning Officer regarding the allegation that he has violated the rules of law. of the Election Commission.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Bah PN Syiem CEM of KHADC said that the EC has confirmed the decision of the PDF and the meeting held with the parties. They should not issue NOCs to the roads they oppose.
This festival is held every year by the Khasi Seng.
NIIMH Hyderabad was established in 1956 and is a specialized institution engaged in the storage and dissemination of research in the fields of Ayurveda, Yoga Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha, Sowa-Rigpa, Homeopathy, Biomedicine and other forms of treatment available in India.
He should have used the brain of the alleged civil society.
When asked whether there will be a coalition with the BJP or the NPP, Dr Roy said the decision to cooperate will be only between the ethnic parties of the state and not with the national parties. party.
It is something to remember him specially on this day because we have received the signs which are like the introduction of the signs which are like the introduction of the state to the world.
He said he will visit the District Councils in Meghalaya.
How much does it affect the households if the pipes are broken and if the water well is polluted.
The closure of the dewbilat factory was carried out by the villagers when men and women came out to protest against the dewbilat factory of Dalmia Company at Thangskai village in East Jaintia Hills District.
Other issues discussed included talking to the Minister of State for Home Affairs that in the vacant areas of the army, parking spaces and exit points should be provided for the public.
Therefore, THE COUN-CIL ELECTED THE CEM ON 22.10.2019 in accordance with the requirements of Rule 22 (2) which stipulates that the election of the new CEM must be completed within 48 days. Otherwise, the new CEM shall be appointed by the Governor in accordance with Rule 22 (3).
Speaking to reporters, Marconi Thongni, President of KSU Ranikor Circle, said that according to the 2011 census, the Ranikor C&RD Block has 157 villages. with a population of 41,2
Therefore, the VPP has decided to explain to the public on this issue.
The tunnel will provide access to travel in any weather conditions and will improve the convenience of travel for the people of Tawang.
He said that the people of Meghalaya have no objection to the people who are citizens of India, but what they are against is those people who have entered illegally from Bangladesh and the government. It should appoint a commission of inquiry into this matter as no one is above the law.
This action of the CEM who is also the MDC of the area has angered many of those whose names have appeared in the RTI. They include Bran Pohsiej, Choin Kyndiap and Sain Pohsiej from Mupyut.
The allocation for this is T.1572.86 crore (T.971.70 crore for the Central Government and T.601.16 crore for the State).
The vaccines were given to the states as grants in kind and the distribution of vaccines was done by the states.
In the afternoon, a speech by the Prime Minister of India was held at Vigyan Bhavan on the occasion of the 11th anniversary of the founding of the Prime Minister of India. such as Civil Service Day.
The road has been funded by the World Bank funded Meghalaya Integrated Transport Project (MITP) at a cost of T.64.12 crore and is scheduled to be completed in
New Delhi, Jymmang 17: The Union Government today expressed its deep sorrow over the sudden passing away of Shri Anil Madhav Dave, Minister of State for Environment, Forest and Climate Change. environment.
The Union Minister in charge of Defense and Cooperation today said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi has introduced a new Bharatiya approach to a life free from the use of drugs. which includes all three, AYUSH, traditional farming system and non-chemical products.
Speaking as the chief guest on the occasion, the Minister said that the establishment of this office will fulfill the government's wish to promote rural development in the rural areas.
Two NPP MLAs Pyniaid Sing Syiem from 13-Mawryngkneng and Abdus Saleh from 47-Rajabala have taken oath in the name of God to perform their duties according to the rules and regulations.
He said this is the same feeling in the country now when the people have decided to transform India into a developed country by
The center will also provide technological assistance to enable them to receive funding from private donors, partners and investors.
In his speech, Sosthenes Sohtun MLA of Jirang, who has been in charge of the Block for 25 years, recalled that the initiative of Bah Rymbai to bring in the Block has brought a lot of happiness to the people. other activities that have improved the constituency.
NEFIP has unanimously decided to demand that the Government of India should immediately withdraw the CAB and if the Government does not listen and continues to attack to destroy the indigenous people, NEFIP will lodge a complaint against it. Government of India.
This cleansing is only a symbol, but the real change must come from the minds of everyone. of nature.
Referring to the request for assistance from the Central Government regarding the recruitment of jobs for the National Games to be held in 2022, the Union Finance Minister said that the Ministry of Finance The State Government should send schemes.
Barikupar said that as the Minister has not been able to keep his promise, AMSSANTSA will hold an emergency meeting of the Executive Committee to take a decision on how many times the protests will take place. On the other hand, the party will be able to hold in the coming days.
It may be recalled that in the past few months, the Seng has inspected the Residential School in Pdengshakap village and found that the contractor who is working on the school has been working too much and many of the wells of the school have been damaged. There are cracks and classrooms are also flooded.
The 12 MLAs who have been announced as members of the AITC are Dr Mukul Sangma, Charles Pyngrope, Himalaya M Shangpliang, George B Lyngdoh, Shilang Pale, Zenith Sangma, Winnerson D Sangma, Marthon M Sangma, Jimmy D Sangma, Lazarus M Sangma, Miani D Shira and Dikkanchi D Shira.
The race will be 10 lakh tyngka and the prize money for the participants is T.20,000/- for the first male and female, T.10,000/- for the second place and T.10,000/- for the third place. 5000/-.
“It is very sad to know that in their meeting with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, as found in other districts in the state, they found the same in East Jaintia Hills District. The District Task Force, which should have been set up under Section 5(1) of the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act, 2016, has not been set up yet. has not received any directive from the State Government in this regard.
After hearing the explanations, the village decided to promote tourism in the village by appointing an office bearer of the organization in charge of this activity.
There are jhur shops and food shops in Shillong.
On the other hand, the government has made it clear to the public that the government wants to say that it is eager to achieve peace and bring development to the people of the state as a whole.
The village most affected by the floods is Shnongpdeng, one of the tourist destinations.
Shillong, March 27: The ADE has opened its office in Gasuapara area with the aim of addressing the problems of the people of the area on the border with Bangladesh in the north of the state. Meghalaya is a country that is still lagging behind in many aspects.
The present Bill is taken from Para-2 of the 9th Schedule.
At the meeting held at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar, the elders who spoke said that they have explained on the issue of Aadhaar and a decision will be taken at the end of the year. meeting in connection with this matter.
The Government has also emphasized on the promotion of organic farming across the country, he said.
Police have arrested another person in the vehicle and seized the Swift. The smuggling of drugs into Meghalaya is a threat to the youth of the state and this will be a threat to the heritage. He urged the people to work together to fight against this evil.
Shillong, July 07: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Iooksi Unit today celebrated World Environment Day at Kupli Park with a program of tree planting and cleanliness. The surroundings of the park in this village are known as Iooksi (Kupli) Park.
The General Meeting of SKDJH-WC was conducted by Bah MH Dkhar, Adviser.
Speaking at the opening ceremony of the WMB office, he said that the buildings that the government has implemented for the people of the state have started to appear and the people have started to see now because the government when it implements the any buildings are scheduled for completion.
The Chief Minister said that the company which is constructing the road according to the agreement is to maintain it for 10 years from the date of completion of the road. The road was completed in 2018 and the agreement expires in It is for this reason that the government has not allocated funds for the construction of this road.
Shillong, Iaiong 20: Farmers in the state have not yet rested from their fight against the illegal slaughter of insects in the market especially the illegal kilo cutting.
Shillong, Nailar 29: The Meghalaya People's Indigenous Forum (MSIF) has demanded that the government should repeal para 12-A (a) so that paragraph 3 will be the responsibility of the district council. benefit to the owners.
As you know, the two governments of Meghalaya and Assam signed a status quo in 2008 headed by the Chief Secretaries of the two states that there will be no interference in the development of the border area. of Meghalaya and Assam which they see that the government authorities of the Assam government are moving quickly in the implementation of the Meghalaya government has not improved.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: The Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (HYC) has established another office in the state.
There have been 7 deaths from COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 5 in East Khasi Hills, 1 in Ri Bhoi and 1 in South West Garo Hills. the state.
Shillong, March 27: Under the supervision of Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court, Justice Mohammad Yaqoob Mir, the Patron-in-Chief of the Meghalaya State Legal Services Authority (MSLSA) Justice SR Sen, Executive Chairman of the MSLSA, today held the Mega Lok Adalat across the state.
If our people living abroad have to come here to get Aadhaar, why can't we do the same for foreigners so that Aadhaar will not affect our country and nation in the future.
He said that the schemes of the Ministry are schemes from the central government in which a percentage of special allocation has been allocated to the SC, ST and people in the North East.
Minister Duh said that the state is becoming more and more popular in organic farming.
The purpose of the mock drill was to understand where there are shortcomings in the health department and how they can improve in the areas where they find shortcomings.
Another candidate is Subhankar Coach who contested the election as an independent candidate.
Besides, the lack of footpaths due to the small size of the roads has caused a lot of trouble to many churches especially the elderly and children who have to walk every day.
The Minister also said that the system should be developed to ensure the supply of oxygen to the rural areas including the supply of Oxygen Concentrators.
When contacted by SP News , Bah PN Syiem , MLA of the Congress party , who is also the CEM of KHADC , said that He did not meet with Dr CP Joshi who had come to meet with the Congress members of the state.
Today, many people from Shillong to Mawkyrwat have left for their villages on foot.
Cinemas, theaters and multiplexes have been allowed to reopen by ensuring that only half the people enter these places, and the SOP for this will be issued by the Department of Information & Broadcasting.
“Another issue that has affected the state and especially the medical graduates from the state is the invitation of Walk-in-Interview by the State Government for 170 Contractual posts. Medical & Health Officer (70) and Specialists (100) posts.
On the other hand, the shopkeepers said that there is no shortage of food items in the market but the government is still issuing slips to the people to buy food items. rural village.
It should also be noted that Section 12 of the Motor Vehicles (MV) Act, 1988 describes the licensing and maintenance of driving schools or training centres.
Shillong, Nailar 05: The Congress party across India today held a protest against the price hike of beverages and gas. organize this protest.
On this day, 84 people received their first communion which is the body and blood of Jesus Christ. Rev. Laurence Nongkseh, Rev. Carmel Myrthong and Rev. Allister Marwein.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: The JSU today carried flags and carried four demands before the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and the Cabinet during his visit to Mukroh. .
Sources from the FCI office said that the state government has already harvested the rice which belongs to Meghalaya in the last three months, which is for the month. June, April, June and for the month of June, the harvesting is ongoing and has to be completed in the second month of July.
Furthermore, the KSU Ranikor Circle has demanded that the government should immediately shut down the uranium mines in Porkut (Nongjri) area. One of the reasons for the discoloration of the river and the death of the fish in this river.
Shillong, Nailur 16: Nartiang village in West Jaintia Hills District, Meghalaya is the most famous village in Meghalaya where the tallest Mawbynna in the world is located. the village.
At this meeting, it was explained in detail how to get rid of this disease.
It is very difficult for a doctor to serve at the CHC Khliehriat which is very busy.
Total NCCs from Meghalaya have attended the training.
Prateek Bhattacharya, National Sales Head, ALS, said that there are no two training centers in Meghalaya, one in Tura and one in Shillong.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Aiban N Syiem first of all paid tribute to the KHADC office as well as the Kurs, the people of the Hima. which is suspicious without discrimination against anyone for the purpose of running the Hima.
These channels were used to broadcast programs encouraging separation of the country related to Kashmir, the country's army, India's minorities, Ram Mandir, General Bipin Rawat and others.
In the women's singles, PB Jyrwa won the singles, while in the doubles, PB Jyrwa and Jesica Rani won.
This was stated by Dusterwell K. Lyngdoh, President, KSU Umdohlun Circle and Daman Syrman, President, KSU Nongmluh Unit.
Shillong, March 20: The Shillong Agri Horticulture Society ( Shillong Agri Horticulture Society ) has organized a three day sale and purchase of seeds at All Saint Hall, IGP Shillong. Take part in this market in Shillong.
There are 169 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 95 cases in West Khasi Hills and 40 cases in West Khasi Hills. 1693 people.
As the people now understand the changes in the environment, this increase in global temperature is no longer a problem only for one country but for the whole world.
On the government's cancellation of social contracts in 2007 and 2008, the Minister of Home Affairs said that the cancellation of these social contracts is that they have not worked and these have prevented the state from starting construction. to the power plants in the state.
However, with the hard work of the incumbent Lyngdoh of the Hima, together with the initiative of the incumbent MDC and the CEM of KHADC Bah PN Syiem, these issues have been resolved. for many many years.
The District Council has suggested to the Government to accept these recommendations and send them to the Committee.
Four candidates have registered in Ranikor and four in South Tura.
At this meeting, they decided to lead the media to be present at the border to know the facts so that there will be no false news.
The government has launched many schemes to promote tourism and this assistance to purchase expensive vehicles to individuals and groups will help to promote tourism.
This policy will help to improve the quality of drinking water to the water supply systems and wells.
Manju Hazarika, school teacher, and Smt.
Dr Andrew Simon, Commissioner Secretary, Legislative Assembly, told SP News Agency that the session will start on 6th November 2019 and the BAC will meet on the 23rd of this month to set a date.
, Shillong, Mr. R. Kharmujai.
The NPP won 26 seats, the UDP 11 seats, the INC 5 seats, the TMC 5 seats, the VPP 4 seats, the HSPDP 2 seats, the PDF 2 seats and the BJP 2 seats. and 2 Independents.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Meghalaya Lokayukta against the Directorate of Housing for allegedly misusing public funds by purchasing aluminum tins. They were distributed to communities and rural development blocks (C&RD) across the Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
He said that the protest will not be the way to solve the problems, the problems can be solved only through dialogue and urged the people of the state to hold on to the foundation of democracy to reach the goal. success in terms of economic growth.
Shillong, Naitung 04: The Inspector General of BSF of Tripura Frontier, Patel Piyush Purusot Das IPS, today said that the issue of checkpoint on the border with Bangladesh has been discussed at the level of Directors General between the two countries. India and Bangladesh.
According to the order of the District Magistrate, the dumping of drugs in the rivers has polluted and poisoned them and has resulted in the death of dohum dohwah, which has affected the health and livelihood of the people. resident.
Superintendent of Police, Ribhoi District Jagpal Singh Dhanoa in a statement sent to the media said that the police of East Khasi Hills and Ri Bhoi District on Tuesday at 6:00 pm. A Bolero Pick-up (ML-12-3243) driven by Bah Damanbha Ripnar was seized from Usmning-Mawhati road.
He said that although he is not wealthy but he has the spirit to serve, to advocate for the issues of the state in Parliament and he urged the voters to support him so that he can achieve his goal in the public service.
Sadly, the answer received from these people is that they don't want to do that because if they do that it's like they're stealing the income of the shopkeepers, and they don't want to harm others.
How many years have passed since we waited for 10 years to reap the fruits of our hard work but we have ended up in talks without reaching anywhere, enough talks now we want to see the results “It is the right of us teachers. NIOS should not play with our future,” said Bah Rymbai.
The VC today in his office in relation to the Community College in Wahiajer, on his part promised to take care as he has been given the authority as Chairman to look after the progress of the work in the college. I went to this College.
Students can study in this college at an affordable price.
Shillong, Iaiong 13: Meghalaya Police today announced on twitter that Assam Police have arrested a group of robbers from Assam and after investigation they have come to Meghalaya for investigation. One Bolero from Nongstoin and one from Mariang were seized.
The Minister said that he too has the same concern because the people in the area where he leads the cultivation of these same plants, the government will take action to ensure that find solutions on how to do this by talking within the government agency.
CBM Program Officers Kumar Ratan, Darwin Moses, Ferrando Speech and Hearing Center Supervisor Sisters Maya and others were also present on the occasion.
The first task of the JAC is to discuss the government's inability to improve the Mawphlang Balad Road.
Shillong, Iaiong 20: The Minister of State in charge of the Ministry of Power and the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today held a meeting with the Minister of State for Power and Power. The Sahaj Bijli Har Ghar Yojana (Saubhagya) scheme was inaugurated by the State Government at a public meeting held at the Soso Tham Auditorium.
In other parts of Kiang Nangbah, information was also received from RM Tokin Rymbai, SM Quotient Sumer, Lakhon Shullai, HH Mohrmen and others.
More than 10,000 people took part in the 7 kms march from PONGKUNG to Weiloi with slogans against CAA and demand for ILP in the state.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said, “As the leader of the area and the leader of the UDP, I welcome you not as new members but to accept that you are equal to the At the same time, he urged the current office bearers to accept this day as a way to bring unity among the people of the constituency and that the party office bearers From now on, they should encourage and encourage the newly joined members not to show a sense of distance but to encourage and strengthen.
This is also an opportunity for filmmakers to understand the challenges and find ways to deal with them.
At the same time, Kirti said that she has a great respect for the customs and traditions of the traditional dress. ready to work and maintain something according to the Constitution of India.
Shillong, July 10 : The Learning Links Foundation, an NGO working for the promotion of the dissemination of knowledge, with the support of Intel Technology India Pvt.
However, the public notice issued on July 14, 2023 by the Law Commission of India regarding the implementation of the UCC is of great concern to us," the Church said in a petition sent to the Law Commission.
A mobile phone was also seized from the suspect.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has issued an Export License for Exporters from the DCs of India after The export license has been issued by the Deputy General of Foreign Trade, India (DGFT) for the export/import license.
The State President of the BJP, Rikman G. Momin, has also set a target for the team led by Bah Kharkrang and State Secretary and Mayor of South Shillong Bipen Pradhan to look after the city. Shillong City has increased its turnout to 1 lakh votes in the upcoming Lok Sabha elections.
However, on the 8th of this month, it was found that the office had been moved back to Khliehriat without informing the JAC, Wapung C&RD Block or the Wapungskur Dorbar Shnong.
It is shocking news for many churches to know that in Meghalaya the death toll from tobacco use is up to 8000 thousand every year.
I want the intelligent public to judge and find out the truth.
On the other hand, NPP National President Conrad K Sangma congratulated her for joining the party.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 96,656 people have recovered from the disease, 94,979 people have recovered from the disease, and the death toll has risen to after.
Rakkam said the Meghalaya Board of School Education has done well in terms of the examination and there is no problem.
Many other great personalities related to the customs and traditions were also present on this occasion.
Shillong, Lber 28: The construction of the herbal medicine training and treatment center at Lum Sohpet Bneng by the KHADC has almost been completed and it will be handed over to the Martin Luther Christian University to run it, said Bah Teiborlang Pathaw. Speaking to reporters, EM Pathaw said that the construction of the houses has been completed and what remains is only water and light. You don't have to talk to me about it.
Shillong, July 30: The President of the AICC has arrived in Shillong to campaign for the Congress party in the state on 27th June.
Speaking to media after the meeting, Bah Paul said that according to the information received by the Committee through this meeting, there are 41 Khasi and Garo villages who have expressed their willingness to while 9 villages want to go to Assam.
Therefore, the Seng urges the law enforcement authorities not to take stingy on this case and at the same time if found guilty, they should be punished according to the rules of law. They are also investigating the matter to find out who is involved and what is the root cause.
Shillong, July 27: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War today said that only one person has tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District, bringing the total number of cases to
Phyrnai Kyndait has journeyed from a prominent cyclist in the village to a cyclist in the world.
Shillong, July 27: The CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Pyniaid Sing Syiem, Chairman Lamphrang Blah and Charles Marngar today visited the 71st Anniversary of the District Council. He met with former Chief Minister Bah DD Lapang at his residence in Lower Lachumier, Shillong.
Previous Governments have not looked into or taken the necessary measures to curb this disease as we have seen in Italy, Japan and other countries.
Instead of hosting the G20 Summit in New Delhi, a Crafts Bazaar was held at Bharat Mandapam, Pragati Maida from 8th to 10th November.
Therefore, no one can stop the cooperative strike from becoming strong.
The meeting was held at the JSU office in Jowai and was attended by various sports associations including the West Jaintia District Badminton Association (WJDS), East Jaintia District Badminton Association (WJDS), East Jaintia District Badminton Association (WJDS), EJDBA), West Jaintia District Badminton Association (WJDBA), Laskein Block Sports Association (LBSC), Amlarem Sub Division Sports Association (ASSA) and leading players of the state and the country.
He said that about 90 percent of the SSA teachers have not completed special training in teaching.
The protest will be held at the parking lot near the Additional Secretariat tomorrow from 12.00 noon to 4.00 pm.
According to a statement sent by the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) Guwahati to the media on Saturday, through information received from the intelligence agencies, the officers of the DRI, together with the FGTs of BSF, Silchar Sector on Friday night seized a truck carrying dewbilat at Digarkhal Toll Gate, Cachar District, Assam.
The meeting, which was chaired by the Chief Minister, was also attended by the Minister of Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, the Director of Sports and other officials of the Sports Department.
However, it is surprising that in a statement sent in the name of the Deputy Commissioner, the CEM said that the DC(A) of the government should clearly identify the minister. District Council Affairs and the Minister of State.
Speaking to SP News Agency, u Bah Rocky said that this assistance is for those households who don't have the means to buy food at home because they can't go to the bill in these days. This ban is to fight against the COVID-19 virus.
The complaint of the residents is that from Motphran to IGP, taxis charge T.20, some charge T.30, from Motphran to Mawlai GS Road, T.20 and T. .30 tyngka, there are many more. These are just examples of how to charge a car.
After the discussion, the House approved the resolution to send to the Central Government to express its opposition to the CAB which the Central Government intends to pass into law.
Shillong, November 06: The Chief Executive Committee (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah HS Shylla on Tuesday said that the Executive Committee will meet on the first day to discuss the Gram Sabha Committee.
All the Syiems, Daloi and Sirdars shall fall under the jurisdiction of the Council with the rules and regulations governing them.
“Because of the silence of Dr. Chandra Bhushan Sharma, Chairman of NIOS, Noida, to resolve the issues of the D.El result.
The demand for such a high tax is unacceptable especially in relation to the training centre.
These teams had to travel to difficult and remote areas and from state to state in their service delivery at the time for the smooth running of the election process.
Due to the lack of information according to the complaint of the KKHA on the allegation of Benami Khasi women selling in Iewduh, the KHADC and the Office of the Syiem of Mylliem have conducted a raid at Basa dei Kot and Enforcement has been sent to complete the inspection inside the market and in this inspection the KHADC has closed down four shops which have not renewed their licences.
Shillong, Iaiong 18: Theft of type vehicles parked on the road has increased in these days where thieves steal the vehicles from the day and steal the belongings inside the vehicles. please consider vehicle types.
Shillong, Naitung 12: The Art of Living Shillong Chapter on Tuesday held a tree planting ceremony at Hindu Mission School, Mawprem.
On the other hand, KSU President Daniel Khyriem and CCIB Secretary Kyrmen Myrchiang said that the state government has not done anything in these years. The Ministry of Home Affairs has decided to erect signboards in the villages on the border with Mawthum.
Meanwhile, the General Secretary of the JAC, Bah Mutkansingh Sancley, said that the KHADC has not done anything to prevent the injuries.
New Delhi, July 25: The Lok Sabha today elected the new Speaker of the 18th Lok Sabha, with the NDA re-nominating Om Birla as its nominee. India has nominated K Suresh for the election to be held tomorrow.
He also urged those who have not yet joined SHGs to do so as SHGs help to promote the spirit of cooperation and mutual support for the development of the community. whole.
They also encouraged the children in the area to play such games.
This was stated by Bah Andrews Ryntong in a statement.
All the allegations are false and if anyone does, the government will punish them.
Speaking to reporters, the BSF said that there are still 150 soldiers on leave who are yet to return to Meghalaya. .
In 2016, the market witnessed the visits of former Governor V Shanmuganathan, Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma, Minister of Urban Affairs and RV Lyngbad and the Head of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem.
To fight against a party that is against a party that affects democracy, the people want to see if there is a party that can fight against the BJP. against the BJP, the BJP party knows that they will not vote for the BJP and for this reason they use the NPP which the people know.
After colliding with a Tata Sumo (ML-08D 4600).
Online delivery services have been working well nowadays and many services to people come through the internet where they have to get an OTP. during this time of COVID-19 pandemic to make it easier for people and also for easier businesses.
On the same day, the Chief Minister also visited the site for the construction of the Information Technology Park.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: The State President of the BJP, Bah Ernest Mawrie today inaugurated the party's second office in the 17-Shillong North Constituency at Jail Road. to prepare for the 2023 MLA elections.
Shillong, March 06: On Friday morning, robbers robbed the Rosary School at Kynrud village in Mairang Civil Sub Division, West Khasi Hills District.
The Prime Minister's Office urged them to think for the future and continues to invite them to the night of peace talks, on the HNLC's claim that they want to talk only about the land. They said that it was seen only on Social Media.
Samuel Kynshi scored four goals in the U-18 match of the Shillong Premier League.
Referring to the incident within the Congress party, Dr Mukul said that they are only outside observers like others of what is happening within the Congress party and it is too early to say anything on this. The changes in the world and what will happen in the coming months are unknown.
The government itself should take responsibility, but if the government cannot do according to the needs of the people, the party will take another step.
She said that the improvement of access to healthy food for women and children has now turned into a Jan Andolan.
He said that such slander against the village has happened in the past months which has led to clashes between the different ethnic groups in the area until there is no peace and order.
The workshop was opened by Apurva Chandra, Secretary, I&B and Chairman, AVGC. AVGC Taskforce.
The union has also lodged a complaint with the Chief Executive Member of KHADC Bah Teinwell Dkhar and the Syiem of Khyriem Hima Dr Balajied Syiem to express their opposition to the proposal to sell the land to the KHADC. The HYC in a letter to all three persons has expressed its opposition and demanded that they should not allow the BSF to buy land in The letter was sent by the HYC Mawryngkneng and signed by the President R Nongrum and the General Secretary R Warjri.
The JSU has requested 10 days to deliver an ambulance to Amlarem Sub-Division and the JSU has understood that it will have to take the necessary measures.
Tura, Nailur 13: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today inaugurated the Windhan Tribal Boys Hostel at Edenbari near Tura.
Opening the session, the Director of IIM Shillong, Dr Amitabha De stressed on one theme and that is to encourage the youth to become job creators and not job seekers.
The distribution of foodgrains continued until late at night and at the time of writing of this news, the distribution of foodgrains is still going on in Kongthong.
On the other hand, the Minister said that this action of this illegal organization is a lack of sympathy for the people at this time of celebration and this is only an attempt to bring about the There is a lot of trouble in the state at this time.
These cattle traders also commit many illegal activities on the border with Bangladesh and the BSF has decided to fight against these illegal activities.
The JAC has also warned that it will hold a 24 hour road blockade in Namchiang Dong, from Tongseng to Umkiang Ratacherra Malidor to the Assam border, if the Government does not immediately build this road. JAC Chairman Lasting Pala and Secretary Love You Bareh.
On the other hand, the MLA, after receiving information about the plight of the people of Barato area due to the lack of drinking water, immediately took action and also to talk to the authorities. PHE RWS Division, Jowai to find ways and means how to repair these water pipes.
In his speech, Winnerson D Sangma Parliamentary Secretary in charge of Home Affairs urged to plant more trees in public places. but it will also provide benefits.
Wandonbok added that as taxi drivers, they will not respect the order of the Deputy Commissioner, that taxi drivers should continue to earn as they used to these days. If there is any problem, the DC will have to take responsibility.
Since PMMY is a nationwide scheme, coverage in all sectors is essential for orderly economic development.
Shillong, Lber 08: U Dr Wanway Roy Kharlukhi, the candidate of the National People's Party (NPP) nominated by the MDA government, will file his nomination papers on Friday. .
The meeting was led by Star Sun President Eastern Zone, General Secretary Victor Duia, President Apbor Nongrum and members of the union.
In the first innings, Jaintia Hills scored 166 runs while Jaintia Hills scored only 102 runs in 33.4 overs.
: The Border Security Force (BSF) of the 172nd Battalion, Meghalaya has rescued smugglers from the border of East Jaintia Hills, Meghalaya.
Shillong: Nailar 15, 2020: The Crystal Gayle Award for Excellence in Visual Arts 2020 was awarded to Mario Pathaw by the Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy at Raj Bhavan.
There have been 10 crore households under Ayushman Bharat, Rs 1,62,000 crore has been spent to provide better food, there has been a 50% increase in the Maximum Selling Price (MSP) for farmers and a strong Crop Insurance Scheme.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: Shillong Police together with the Assam Riffle today raided Garolane Laitumkhrah area and arrested Love Kush Bora from the area with several boxes of illegal drugs. thep you drug 186 grams.
The Marngar Lake in Ri Bhoi District is a tourist attraction which has been improved by the Ministry of Tourism and has been surrounded by boats. , the poor condition of the road puts commuters at a disadvantage.
The Central Government should continue to set up more Central Government High Schools in the North East to have more space and to set up accordingly. you juk in this area.
He said that the Congress has been running smoothly and he does not want to see that there is no disruption, so those who can disrupt the party will not be accepted, other Congress leaders if they want to return to the party. the party is ready to welcome everyone.
The total number of cases has risen to 686. There are 52 cases in East Khasi Hills, 35 cases in Ri Bhoi, 10 cases in West Garo Hills and 10 cases in West Jaintia Hills. Hills 5 people.
“On my part, I have to speak to the government. I want to know the condition of the land in this village. that road".
The group will hold a public meeting next month.
Once the state is obtained, the party will stand up to demand the immediate implementation of the ILP (BEFR 1873).
Officers of the IT Cell of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly Secretariat, led by computer programmer Bah Dapborlang Marwein, today gave training to the Chief Minister on how to use the National eVidhan Application.
It is a great joy to see that our Chandrayaan is about to reach a place on the moon that no one else has ever reached.
The recruitment process is clean in which the youth themselves have to be able to compete and meet the requirements.
It is the duty of all of us to carry forward this principle.
The Chief Minister also informed that there are many schemes in the state which have received special support from the Central Government. in the state.
The HNYF has received a letter through the media saying that she lives in Mawlai and lives in a shop and has paid a fine to Synshar Khyndeit for being threatened.
The nine organizations include Synjuk Wahehshnong East Jaintia Hills District, Jaintia Coal Miner and Dealer Association, East Jaintia Coal Supplier Association, Jaintia Amalgamated Redressal Forum, Meghalaya People's Labor Union Jaintia Hills District Committee, Jaintia Students Movement Jaintia Hills District Committee National Council Central Body, Hynniewtrep National Youth Front, East Jaintia Zone and Khasi Student Union East Jaintia Hills District.
The HNLC was founded on the same foundation as King Wickliff. The HNLC was founded in 1987, a year before the death of this great King in
“We request the Chief Minister Conrad Kongkal Sangma to discuss with the Prime Minister Narendra Modi the burden of our school teachers besides the low salary. “It's a good idea to pay us the day laborers in the state,” said the Union leader.
The Media Coordinator of the AICC, Bobita Sharma, who is also the Vice President of the Assam Pradesh Congress Committee (APCC), in an interview with the media at Congress Bhavan, Shillong on Saturday, said: The nine issues raised by the Congress Party to the BJP are on income generation, agriculture and farmers, corruption and the employment of people who have connections regardless of educational level, China's border crossing with India and India's stability, the use of politics to create conflict political gains, silence of the BJP-led NDA Government on violence against women, Dalits, Schedule Castes, Schedule Tribes, Other Backward Classes and minorities, violation of principles of the Constitution and the People's Assemblies in the past nine years, the imposition of rules against donations to the poor and indigenous people and finally the Congress has also questioned the The government led by Narendra Modi has decided to pay compensation to the families of 40 lakh people who have lost their lives from the Covid-19 pandemic.
The construction of the well has been ordered by the Assembly for many years and it has nothing to do with the PWD. “I don't know what to do with the construction of the Legislative Assembly,” he said.
: it means, it is not self-evident; it is self-evident; it is self-evident; it is self-evident; it is the environment of all creatures in the world.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: In a statement sent today, COMSO and FKJGP have expressed their support for the call for a public meeting by Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit this morning at Madan Student in Jaiaw, on the issue of CAA. On behalf of the CoMSO, we feel that it is necessary for the Hynniewtrep people to unite against the Citizenship Amendment Act, 2019 and to demand the implementation of the ILP in the country. The state of meghalaya.
According to the figures, India has the second highest number of diabetic patients in the world. The Governor of Meghalaya, on this occasion, has spoken to the doctors to ask what The way is the way to save the people from this trouble.
Governor of Assam, Gulab Chand Kataria, Chief Minister of Assam, Dr. Himanta Biswa Sarma, Chairman Board of Governors, IIT Guwahati, Dr. Rajeev Modi, Director IIT Guwahati, Prof. Parameswar K. Iyer, Lecturers and students along with other dignitaries were present on the occasion.
At present, Meghalaya is at the bottom of the list in terms of education and the Minister urged the teachers to work hard without giving up.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Dr JB Khongbuh said that they have many hours to prepare to fight against this disease and to conduct check-ups in Manla. malaria program workers and ASHAs.
“It is a special beginning of the journey of the Assam Rifles Public School and this Khelo India Sports Center will develop and train talented boys and girls, who will later bring Olympic medals,” he said. Rijiju.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Minister of Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri, congratulated the founders of the college and all those who have taken part in the development of the college. place of study.
At the same time, the Central Government wants this method of payment to be encouraged to the people whether in urban or rural areas.
Tura, July 03 2023 U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today held a meeting with 18 political parties and the public at a meeting held at Tura, West Garo Hills.
The proposal to build a road from Mahendraganj in Meghalaya to Hili in West Bengal through Bangladesh was discussed at the Virtual Summit held in November, Bangladesh in October,
The Government has declared a public holiday for banks and financial institutions in East Khasi Hills District on 10/June/2023 which is the last day of the Suk Festival. Mynsiem is the Khasi Mother of Mawkhar.
The same team led by Sohra OC Pynhunlang M. Syiem and Inspector Phrianglin Syiem in charge of Nongthymmai Beat House, SI Stephen Nongspung, investigating officer, said that the bikes were stolen. Police have seized 11 bikes from Nongsohma village in Shillong on 19th November
This year let us continue to follow the example of Baba Saheb Ambedkar.
Shillong, November 05: A fire broke out at the New Market of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous Council (JHAA) in Lathalaboh this morning.
At the same time, the Dorbar Shnong KOR has not approved the establishment of the Shelter Home and this has happened during the outbreak of COVID-19 as a Temporary Shelter Centre. pat you have changed yourself.
These teachers who were specially trained by NOIS in 2013 are worried that this job will end in November this year, so they demand that the government should extend the term of the NOIS. At the same time, they promised that if the NOIS can correct these mistakes within this month, they will not allow the office to open. They don't want to see that the teachers trained by NOIS will waste their time.
Shillong, November 16: A vehicle of the DIPR office of the Meghalaya government has been stoned by unidentified robbers on the end of the festival in Williamnagar. .
After investigation, the Investigating Officer has charged the accused under Section 376 IPC. The Session Judge, West Jaintia Hills District, has ordered that Dri Phawa be arrested for violating Section 376 IPC. Three robbers involved in the rape of Bah Lobi Chullet on July 1, 2006 at Ait Shrieh in Thadsning.
Rick.
The CEM of KHADC, said that the group can speak in the villages and explain to the people regarding the elections, to urge the people not to sell their votes. that during elections.
“Weightlifting is a good sport in the State and his presence will lead these children to their goal, and we really hope that they will reach their goal,” he added.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Robertjue Kharjahrin President of the party said that the party is holding this public meeting on two grounds, the first is that the Meghalaya government should take all necessary measures to abolish the The HYC leader said that the government has rejected the soskular because it is biased and has affected the Hima Nonglang, Nongspung, Jirang and Mylliem Hima. The meeting said that the government will start after the celebration of Independence Day. In India, the HYC has made a statement that there should be no more mistakes.
Speaking to reporters, Reniktone said that the problem of MeECL has been going on for many years and previous governments have faced this problem. the present government as well.
The JAC has decided whether to cooperate with the companies or not. This will be decided within the next few days.
Speaking to reporters after a two-day meeting in Shillong, Justice Mahesh said that the two judges have heard 19 cases, which have been brought before the complainants as well. personnel of state governments.
She said that many history textbooks are related to the history, culture and way of life in this area.
Bah Lawai said he is ready to contest from the party because the party has a strong foundation in protecting the culture and traditions of the country and the nation as a whole.
He said the Congress has already announced tickets from 57 constituencies and two or three constituencies will not be nominated for reasons that the party understands. candidate.
Let the leaders start the conversation.
In the Under-16 category, Sibilda Maring of Ri Bhoi and Saidul Ali of East Jaintia Hills won.
“Even in the factories that have come into the state, we have found that the workers are from outside the state.
Regarding the payment of insurance for the farmers, another 100 days has been given.
He said that the district authorities will continue to take into account the losses caused by the natural disaster.
At the meeting held today at Athiabari, the village officials of these villages have decided to stay in Meghalaya and not to go to Assam. The villages are Athiabari, Umsaitwait, Talpara, Ranighat, Malapara, Moipara, Maspara, Umshet, Rongthali.
Shillong, Nailur 11: The Federation of Khasi States, which met today at 11 am to discuss the petition and letter of the State Government, The IOA & AA has been suspended since 3rd August 2012 due to the lack of response from the KHADC authorities on the demands of their Chief Executive Members on the IOA & AA. came from the Government of India.
Thious Shadap was seriously injured.
Another measure approved by the Cabinet is the Meghalaya Passengers Goods Taxation Act 1972 on commercial vehicles and according to this many commercial vehicles do not pay proper tax to the government and through these unpaid vehicles will be subject to a fine.
This method of asking questions went beyond the rules laid down by the examination which should be conducted in English.
In his speech, TMC President Charles Pyngrope said that in many years he has been in politics, he has never seen a leader like Mamata Banerjee, National President of the party, because she has worked for the development of the party. he is the one who rangli.
The Central Government should ensure that the offices of the Act East Policy should be located in the North East. There is a special policy to address unemployment. Grade III and Grade IV jobs in central government offices should be allocated only to the people of this area.
If possible, it will be to encourage him to continue in this field and also as part of the encouragement to other youths of the state not to lose hope but to They should move forward and work hard to improve their skills in sports and other fields.
The JYF and JSU have allowed the District Selection Committee (DSC) to clarify on the basis on which these foreigners appear in the list of those who have passed the post of Sericulture Demonstrator. and these leaders.
Process T Sawkmie, Deputy CEM of KHADC, Jansing M Tynsong, EM and Lamphrang Blah EM, all three have resigned today. James Lyngdoh, Working President of the Congress party, today confirmed that the three MDCs of the Congress party have resigned from the Executive post. Member of the Executive Committee led by Bah Pynshngian.
According to police sources, these people kidnapped the child to demand money.
Nngpoh, Naitung 22: Today, while the civil society groups were on their way to the police outpost of Assam, a clash broke out between the police and journalists at Sabuda village. obstacle.
Bah Kharkongor said the government and through the SSA is ready to work with any organization that is willing to improve education.
Phyrnailang Myrboh – Organizing Secy.
In this regard, the Chief Minister expressed his gratitude to the Union Home Minister for his explanation regarding the CAB bill. On this occasion, the students under the banner of NESO also met with the students and discussed the CAB. The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has congratulated all the political parties who have expressed their opposition to the CAB. CAB, 2016, I would also like to thank all the people of the North East of India who have come out to express their opposition to this bill.
Shillong, Nailur 15: Members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Umling today carried a placard in front of the MUA-II government for silent on the 14 demands of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC). Dr DD Lapang and Dr C Lyngdoh Minister of State during the laying of the foundation stone of the Water Supply Scheme in Umling.
Regarding these issues, the KSU SOUTH WEST KHASI HILLS DISTRICT has taken a decision to demand for a block in these areas to improve the situation and it will be a great help.
The opening ceremony was held on 10th November, 2016 and the closing ceremony was held on 16th November,
Speaking to SP News Agency, Agnes said the government has a plan to take up to 2030 hectares of public land for the New Shillong Township. These land are sold to private companies, especially to foreign companies.
: the mutka is the shynrong of any body.
Shillong, Nailar 17: A total of 44 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District today. and West Garo Hills District 3 cases.
Nirmala Sitharaman said that the compassionate approach of this Government is evident in the rejection of the old approach of 'delivery to the villages'
“As human beings, we should be surprised because most of the other types of medicines on many parts of the human body have side infections inside the body, where we as man cannot fully know this.
Today, the Lecture Theatre-I was inaugurated by the Director of NEIGRIHMS at 10:30 pm in the presence of the Secretary Health, Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government. India at Nirman Bhavan, New Delhi.
Shillong, July 26: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, today said that the Government of Meghalaya has been informed of the allegations against the Governor of Meghalaya. India.
The meeting was conducted by Dr.A War Director, Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Dr.A Dkhar and other officials of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, RM Kurbah Secretary and others including The nurses of the Civil Hospital were also present.
During this visit, the Chief Minister also met with the people from the villages and during this meeting they expressed the problems they have faced for many decades. All these issues shall be conveyed to the Minister of Home Affairs of the Union Government.
Speaking to reporters after the welcome ceremony, Bah Antonio War said he chose to join the UDP among other political parties because it is the party that has “We have to accept the fact that the UDP has a strong base across the state compared to other political parties. nation.
Shillong, March 25: The Union welcomes the request of the Ministry of Development to set up a special working group to look after those areas outside MUDA. He said that this is the first time that the National Tribal Carnival-2016 has been held in Delhi today. together is to showcase the talents of the mountain people of this great country.
Since ancient times, Yoga has given welfare to people and last 10 years, it has turned into a worldwide movement, he said.
Jowai, July 8: NEEPCO under the leadership of Senior Manager (HR) of Kupli Hydro Electric Project (KHEP) R. Changakoti, engineers and others have handed over a written document for the Football Ground at Dong Mooblang to the Village Council. Yooks.
It may be recalled that the Director General of Police, Meghalaya, Dr. LR Bishnoi, said that the police have decided to crack down on drug trafficking in Meghalaya and the police have decided to fight against it. the problem facing the state.
Shillong, Nailar 11: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today held a public meeting in Nongstoin and demanded that the government should cancel the social agreement signed with Assam. regarding the border demarcation with Meghalaya.
The Central Government today sent notices to all the State Governments to inspect the stalls of the traders to ensure that there will be no concealment of piat.
All the intelligence groups in the North East belonging to the Central Government as well as the State Government were present to speak at the meeting which was held at the BSF headquarters. During the meeting, UK Nayal, Secretary LIA, explained what could happen from the Assembly elections in Bangladesh this month, especially in on the border with Bangladesh.
Although Lajong FC have lost to the team, they are still hoping to win tomorrow.
During the meeting, the RDSA informed the Minister that they will continue to submit their suggestions to the Sports Department for the construction of sports grounds in Ri Bhoi District. GS Shadap Senior President, Dipshon Ryntathiang General Secretary, FA Syngkli, Treasurer of the party, Don Sohkhlet and Nicky K Thangmaw.
On the other hand, Prestone said that this incident in KHADC is more shocking and from his personal point of view, it will not bring stability to the government.
In addition, the spong khor and the boh khaila like a king, the golden paila standing from the shoulder to the neck, the king's jymphong, the sword and the stieh, the ryntieh of the sword in the ryngkap and other items were examined. I am the king of Tiroth Singh King.
Prepared in a targeted manner for years through schemes like TOPS.Today, from the success of leading players to the future of new player attraction, TOPS plays a major role .
Police urge the public to inform the nearest police station if they see or find such indecent images so that the police can follow up and arrest those who do such things.
He said that although it has produced many aspects of Yoga, no one in India says that Yoga is only for us.
Similarly, 19 persons have been identified as drug traffickers, of which eight cases of PITNDPS have been sent to court and the Advisory Board will now take a decision, Bishnoi said.
The Director of Tourism has issued this directive to AKMTTA after they went to AKMTTA to inform them regarding the impact of the once a month income by the Tourism Department of the State Government on STEMS buses to transport tourists. You are from the state of Meghalaya.
In West Khasi Hills District, Renikton L Tongkhar, Minister of State for Home Affairs, was appointed as the Chairman of the Committee. West Khasi Hills District as the convener of the meeting.
On the other hand, the union will also meet the CEM and the EM incharge of Land of KHADC that the District Council as this land is a Scheduled Area should not issue NOC for Land Acquisition. This camp is located in Rangthong from all parts of the District.
On the other hand, Bah Wahlang invited the public to attend the information session on how to travel around the world. The information session will be held at All Saint Cathedral Hall at IGP. From this state, they usually travel to Thailand and Bangkok during their holidays.
According to Bah Dkhar, the church was founded in 1916 by the leaders of the church from Mawkhar and this feeling was fulfilled until 1924 and in 1928 the church was founded. The church has started a Youth Service.
Shillong, November 03: Meghalaya today held a special celebration for the Persons with Disabilities at Yojana Bhavan Auditorium, Main. Secretariat, Shillong.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has said that only dialogue can bring peace talks with the central government. There should be no rule, if you have to end the conversation, you can force only one side.
Shillong, July 28: The Under Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya in charge of the Draft Community Participation and Public Services Social Audit Rules 2018 has announced that the Government of Meghalaya has asked for the opinion of the public regarding this rule which the government will make.
Speaking to SP News Agency, CEO of Meghalaya, Bah Kharkongor said, “I informed about the resignation of the MLA of 35-Ranikor on the same day. issue a statement".
Speech by Ma Madonbai Rymbai , who was the chief guest , said that we should have come out to demand what the college should get from the state government The State Government has already sanctioned Rs 4 crore for the extension of the building and has already released the 1st installments of Rs 1 crore, the 2nd installments of Rs 2 crore and the last Rs 1 crore. for this college to increase the literacy rate so that the district can continue to improve in education and others.
Pope Francis on Saturday, 8th November, 2023, appointed Fr. Ferdinand Dkhar, 59, Administrator of the Diocese of Jowai, Meghalaya, as the new Bishop of the Diocese of Jowai, Meghalaya. Jowai.
“These brothers of mine have been shot and shocked and they still think that they are our servants, in fact I am their son and I work in the veterinary in Lapngpih area, in fact I came on leave but “It's a pity that this happened,” said Bah Diengdoh.
The IG BSF Meghalaya congratulated both the teams who took part in the tournament.
Thangskai has lodged a complaint with Khliehriat PS that an employee of Biju Kumar Ray has been injured while working at the company and was taken to hospital. he died.
Shillong Bar Association (SBA) on Friday announced that he will contest the Lok Sabha election 2024 as an Independent candidate from the Shillong seat. .
At this meeting, the UDP party also held a two minute silence to express its sorrow over the deaths of civilians in the shooting by the Assam police.
At the same time, he condemned the Legal Rights Observatory (LRO) which alleged that the KSU was involved in the attack on Mahadev Khola on Tuesday.
Bah Kyrmnen Uriah urged the youth to take the time with manners and dignity so that it can guide the youth to reach the path of becoming leaders and strong members of the nation.
At the same time, he said that although there are many farmers, India still has to import siej from abroad.
After re-entering the competition, Mawroh improved even more in this dance until he reached the 24th position.
Shillong, July 7: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) today in a statement warned against all government officials who have mislead the people in the field of deal with various government schemes.
There should be a balance between the protection of our heritage and income growth for the benefit of many.
Shillong, March 23: Four MDCs of the PDF Congress, Latiplang Kharkongor, Grace Mary Kharpuri, James Sylliang and Blanding Warjri today sent a letter to the Congress party. party doesn't leave the party.
He said that all those candidates who will contest this election should attend this meeting to discuss many issues.
The District Administration has evacuated the residents of these four houses to higher ground and as of now the water has subsided. behold, they have not suffered these men to go into their houses.
Shillong, November 16: Speaking on the occasion of the protest by the people of Assam living in Meghalaya, NESO General Secretary Donal V Thabah said that the NESO will appeal to the Supreme Court tomorrow. against the Citizenship Amendment Act 2019 of the Central Government.
It is now not uncommon for GST collections to exceed Rs 10 lakh crore monthly.
These Bangladeshis who came to India came to fetch stone from the Ranikor River and smuggled it back to Bangladesh.
What the party has been standing for since its inception is still standing on the same basis, although it has faced many challenges but it is standing firm even now.
In the presence of HYC leaders, the members of the investigation team have investigated the tins of houses inside the Housing Department at Lumphira, Langkyrding. , the length, width and length of the tin, to ensure that these tins delivered to the State are in accordance with the requirements laid down by the department.
The residents of these villages have to stay in the middle of the road during the rainy season if they cannot use the river.
Referring to the Monolith Festival in Mawphlang, the CEM said that if the government provides funds, they will hold it, but the KHADC does not have the funds to hold it.
He said he cannot forget that his father was also a lover of farming.
The destruction of these 181 modified silencers was carried out at the Police Reserve, Shillong in the presence of Superintendent of Police Sylvester Nongtnger and Superintendent of Police (City) Vivek Syiem. , SP (Traffic) K. Prasad and others.
Members of Laban Circle and Upper Shillong Circle have met the Officer-in-Charge of Rilbong Beat House to investigate thoroughly and find out all those involved in the incident. such activities are carried out from time to time in such areas.
The purpose of this tournament is to encourage the youth of KSU Shillong Mihngi Circle to showcase their talents. play and also to free them from harmful substances like drugs and others.
The government is working to provide special trains to transport the people of the state, such as from Mumbai, Pune and other places. will be delivered home within this month.
In his speech, Dr Imnanungshi Imsong said that T.90 lakh has been received from the allocation under Article 275 through the Ministry of Tribal Affairs and T.39 lakh from the CMRDF. He said that many times the hotels run by government departments do not reach anywhere, it is good that there are NGOs to run them with the funds of the government.
Shillong, Naitung 02: The Education Cell of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today sent a letter to Dr. Ampareen Mazel Lyngdoh, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Meghalaya, regarding the issues related to the relates to the MBBS allocation allocated by the State Government for students every year.
This was stated by Ioanis Hahshah, Education Secretary, KSU South West Khasi Hills District.
The general meeting of MSSASA teachers held today at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall was held today for the two districts of Khasi and Ri Bhoi districts. Regarding the completion of special training as D.EL.Ed teachers, the teachers are ready to complete this training. Even if they have to spend on their own, the government should ask other places recognized by the government to complete this special training.
On the other hand, Agatha has spoken to the Deputy Commissioners of all districts in Garo Hills and also to the Assam government and the Deputy Commissioners of Goalpara and Dhubri districts to be vigilant at the borders. any tragic event.
Shillong, Lber 03: More than 200 leaders from other political parties have joined the UDP in Mairang constituency.
The union also urged the minister to appoint another psychiatric officer but the minister said that in the state at present there are only three psychiatric officers, but the minister said they would protest how to settle with them.
On this occasion, the people of the village were present to witness this occasion.
Baihunsha Khongshun higher Scores 1st English.
Speaking at the protest, Ardent Miller Basawiawmoit said that the protesters held a protest at the parking lot near the Additional Secretariat office to demand that the state government should convene a special session to discuss the issue. Reservation Policy.
The Education Department of the State Government, which commissioned the inquiry, found that there are at least 15 out of 100 per cent of private schools in Khasi-Jaintia and Garo Hills.
There are many reasons for this suicide in the community, the family and the background. It is said that every 3000 people there is one suicide.
Shillong, Naitung 03:The Khasi Students Union (KSU) today met with the Minister of Home Affairs to demand that the government should suspend the implementation of Aadhaar. known as the Unique Identification Number (UIN) in the state of Meghalaya.
Jowai, Naitung 27: As part of its service to the people, the JSU has taken a decision to provide emergency assistance and blood donation.
“This shows how biased the police are against the indigenous people and there are many incidents if we tell them all here,” he said.
Shillong, Naitung 21: Two persons were arrested by the BSF today and seized T.47,000/- worth of counterfeit notes made in Pakistan. They were arrested from the border with Bangladesh in South West Khasi Hills District of Meghalaya.
Police are still searching for the suspects.
He said the reason may be that it has not been able to complete the schemes that were awarded in
Therefore, the union urges the management of NEHU Permanent Campus to join hands in this security struggle so that it can be resolved at home and reach an understanding.
Sanitation services have been provided to 110 million households and more than 60 million households have been provided with drinking water. ieh later.
Gilbert Amrstrong Lyngdoh Marshillong, Assistant Commandant of 3rd MLP Bn, Sahbsein, has been posted as Assistant Commandant of 4th MLP Bn, Sohpian. He has been appointed as Deputy Superintendent of Police, Shillong.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma attended the programme.
The BJP has not yet announced the names of the MDCs who will join the party tomorrow before the General Secretary of the party at a meeting tomorrow. in Shillong at the same time.
The Forum also sought information from NEHU through RTI on Prof OP Singh who wrote against the pollution of the water in the Kupli River in Jaintia Hills due to the mining of coal.
Brig RV Singh, DDG Recruiting NE in charge of the area expressed his satisfaction to see that the youth of the area have also shown this spirit to join the army. India, he praised the GOC of the 101st, the Assam Regimental Center and the 58th Gorkha Training Centre.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: The Sirdar of Tyrna Elaka, Bah Andreas Ryngksai today announced that the 125th Anniversary of the village will be celebrated on the 7th and 8th November
MPCC President Dr Celestine Lyngdoh welcomed Bamon at Congress Bhavan Shillong in the presence of many Congress leaders.
The Committee is also pleased to inform that it has appointed several senior teachers and also from the media to be the observers of the smooth running of this election.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: A total of 139 candidates, 12 women and 127 men, have filed their nomination papers for the MLA elections to the Legislative Assembly.
Shillong, Iaiong 11: The three day Shad Suk Mynsiem was held at Madan Weiking by the Seng Khasi Kmie which started at 9 am today with the participation of 1196 women. and males, 618 males, and 578 females.
Police in Ri Bhoi District have seized a vehicle number ML-o5-N-2033 and heroin worth T.1.2 crore. .
Dr Mukul said the government should have known that the incident at New Balakhawa where the Secretary of Nongspung Hima, Bah Michael Warjri was arrested by the Assam police was not a coincidence, but a coincidence. is where there has been a dispute, in such cases the government has already put in place safeguards.
Meanwhile, the United Nations has declared 2023 as the Year of Krai in 130 countries of the world where India exports krai. to the farmers.
On the part of the Hima Mylliem and KHADC, they will deploy a lot of people to ensure that the security is maintained.
Since yesterday, the Karbi and Pnars have been shooting at each other by shooting birds.
In fact, this issue was already discussed at the first meeting.
: means – it is the personal snap of a person in the walk of life or in society; it is the avoidance of getting involved in anything wrong and it is the snap of The longbriew tipbriew to be tipbriew tipblei, must avoid those things which are not right and must do whatever cannot be avoided.
This has given a message to the entire country that peace and prosperity are interconnected and without them the states cannot develop, he said.
The Seng also demands that the District Council led by Bah Pynshngian N Syiem as CEM, the Executive Members and all the MDCs should immediately abolish this soskular in the Legislative Assembly of KHADC. which is happening now, so that it will not be a threat to the country and the nation and the future generations.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the Chief Minister's Secretary, Bah Tynsong, said that the District Councils have been directed to send the rules and regulations within 10 months to the Urban Development Department. the state government to check before giving approvals.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: Ms C Guenauer, Research Scholar (Teacher) from Johannes Gutenberg University, Germany, met with the Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya. , and Council of Nokma) on 6th May 2014, in Shillong.
The CEM said that the passing away of Bah HS Shylla is not only a loss to the family, but also to the KHADC. but not to the nation.
The rally will start from Maweit Market with a meeting at 9:30AM where some of the speeches will be delivered by the Rangbah Shnongs and leaders of the area. The meeting will start at 11:00AM.
He was sent to Shillong for treatment but died on the way from Mariang Civil Hospital. -19 cases have risen to 15 in the state.
There are 3483 polling stations in the state. Kharkongor said they will strive to provide for the needs of the polling stations as the Chief Election Commissioner of India in all 60 constituencies. in the entire state.
Shillong, November 02: U Bah Adelbert Nongrum MLA of 17-Shillong North today inaugurated the footpath from Raitsamthiah to Mawlai. first in 1970 to go to Mawlai.
To prevent the spread of fish deaths and to strengthen the planting of tree seedlings and to establish a Plantation Committee to monitor the border.
During the meeting, the Director of ICAR Uttarakhand explained to the Governor the new discovery of ICAR on how to raise fish in freshwater rivers.
Dr. Sarkar said that RozgarMelaka is another of the many initiatives of the Central Government and it is expected that the job creation will fill up to 10 lakh jobs. and that it will lead to more jobs in the private and government sectors.
Speaking to reporters, the General Secretary of the Union, Bah Pynshai Lyngdoh, said that the Union wants to remind the government of the demands that the group has demanded from the government.
According to police, these klongs weighed 20 liters and when the total amount of kyiad reached 240 litres, police arrested three persons inside the vehicle and registered a case against them. under the provisions of the Meghalaya Excise Act.
All are requested to take this as an invitation because for a short time we cannot send you an invitation but take this as an invitation to the opening of the Civil Sub Division.
The BSF troops who were present at the scene on receiving a tip that there was a vehicle heading to Lyngkhat carrying sugarcane, conducted a search operation and on arrival stopped the vehicle on the road between Lyngkhat and Pyrdiwah. .
He said that this will bring hope to the youth and at the same time will enable the youth to contribute to the development of the state.
The Government has been in talks with Dalmia Cement to take them over and use them to generate electricity.
At the same time, the four organizations congratulate and thank all the people, political parties and especially the SRS-East Jaintia Hills and also the 9-Shnongs of Narpuh Elaka for their full support to the protest. of these four organizations in the past until it was successful.
Shillong, Naitung 23: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawlai Circle this morning visited the NEHRU Memorial State Dispensary, the oldest dispensary in Mawlai village.
Another reason is that in the past there was a rule that Meghalaya produced a lot of electricity during the rainy season and this was given to the NTPC and during the water shortage Meghalaya should have received a lot of electricity. the power supply from NTPC, that this has now been disconnected.
Speaking to reporters, Yumnamcha Dilipkumar from Manipur, one of the leaders of NEFIP, said that the NEFIP has nothing to do with any political party. They will oppose the CAB if the Congress passes a law on asylum and they will oppose it if it affects the people of this region.
He said that the law under Section 144 CrPC is still in force and if anyone disrupts the movement of government employees or the public they will be punished according to the law.
Despite the exemption of T.97,000 crore to taxpayers and the exemption of T.80,000 crore to those who are still subject to GST, revenue collection has increased.
The union will soon meet with Bah Paul Lyngdoh, EM Incharge Trade of KHADC to raise the issue of trade within the region and district.
Shillong, November 05: All offices, schools and courts will be closed on the 8th of this month.
Dr Mukul confirmed that the opposition will nominate a candidate for the speaker election to be held in the synria dorbar which will start on Thursday.
The RBYF leaders who attended the Ri Bhoi Dorbar were FM Mawphniang, Doris Sulein, Maurice Lyngdoh, PM Namsaw, Rocky Kylla and Dipshon Ryntathiang. , CGR Syngkli, Kerbhalang Shylla, Friday Jalong, Dilip Kharkrang and Ronus Maiong.
He encouraged the enrollment of pregnant women under the Pradhan Mantri Matru Vandana Yojana which provides benefits when they go to give birth at health centres.
Teachers of NEHUTA and students of NEHUSU on Friday demanded that the Rohit Prasad, who was appointed by the Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof. PS Shukla as Technical Advisor, has been appointed as Technical Advisor without calling for advertisement, without conducting an interview. without going by the rules of procedure of this university.
The collection of clothes was done in collaboration between the DC's office, DIPR, Round Table India and Ladies Circle India.
The light which illuminates the entire Motphran under the jurisdiction of the Shillong Municipal Board has been lost and darkness has covered the area where many people come and go.
The Minister said he has received the petition today and will take the necessary action after talking to officers within the Finance Department of the Union Government. The NEC has been directed to send more schemes to the Central Government as the Parliament will be held on the 16th of this month.
The Prime Minister said that India's fight against the disease has received praise from all over the world.
In the physical exercises, the troops took part in the attacks in the forests, in the suburbs and in the urban areas.
Shillong, Nailar 24: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Education Cell (HYC) Nehu Unit today held a protest in front of the office of the Vice Chancellor of NEHU. to convene a meeting of the Academic Council and also to gather all stakeholders on the implementation of the National Education Policy (NEP)
The question now is, What is the JHADC doing now? Where are its employees in charge of non-tribal business? Where is the law in charge of non-tribal business?
“The participants of the National Seminar to be held on the 29th and 30th of this month will be experts from Shillong and other cities of India, such as Delhi, Pondicherry, Hyderabad, Bangalore and other places.
Speaking to reporters, the Director of Health Services, Dr Aman War said that the religious leaders have suggested to the government to punish severely any religious leaders who lead the incident. This is the Tika campaign to fight against this disease.
Shillong, Lber 25: The United Democratic Party (UDP) Youth Wing (UDP) has expressed its deep sorrow over the handshake between UDP MP candidate Bah Paul Lyngdoh and Ardent Basaiawmoit, Chief Executive Member of Khasi Autonomous. District Council (KHADC).
“Later on, there was a search of the residents as well as the vehicles passing through the gate,” he said.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: Unidentified persons have set fire to a Scorpio (AS01-DK-5958) at 7.20 pm this morning. No one was injured.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The filing of nomination papers for the MDC elections has come to an end today. Shella Constituency, who is an independent candidate, said that the main purpose of his candidacy for the MDC election is that this area of ​​Shella Constituency is still backward. so I want this region to grow.
Besides, the union strongly condemns one of these police chiefs, Bah Wanris Rymbai, for violating the provisions of the Motar Vehicle Act 1988 by using the same number plate on two vehicles. .
In his speech, the General Officer Commanding of Gajraj Corps as the chief guest welcomed the Bangladesh Army which sent them to attend the exercise.
One of the HFUs demanded that the government should provide assistance to the farmers who have been damaged by the natural disaster T.6000/- per hectare of farmland. assistance should also be increased to assist farmers.
In 2014, the price of a GB of data was T.
He also alleged that the factory managements are doing the work that the state owners can do and even the price of dewbilat is very low compared to the price of dewbilat in Khliehriat and Assam.
The 'Bharat Ke Veer' initiative of the Government has donated about Rs 5.57 crore since 2016 to the families of 44 soldiers who sacrificed their lives.
On the other hand, the CoMSO has put this before the government, if the government is willing to implement the Protection of Jaidbynriew Act, they too will stop their protests, while the government has not yet implemented the Protection Act. The nation will also continue to protest.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The Khasi Jaintia National Union (KJNU) today sent a letter to the Minister of Home Affairs, James K Sangma regarding the overloading of coal trucks. in Jiantia Hills.
Condemning the attempts of other parties to destroy the party Congress, Bah Chyne said that all the parties in the state are criticizing the party congress in this way and that. bor you.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: The National Cadets Corps (NCC) today conducted a blood donation at the Military Hospital Shillong and about 100 members of the NCC came to take part in the blood donation.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Thursday sent a petition to the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Thomas A. Sangma demanding the appointment of an interpreter if the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan he cannot speak in English in his speech on the opening day of the Budget Session of the State Legislative Assembly.
It was also found that the troops had erected two païa and dug a hole in the ground.
The Rotary Club of Orchid City has awarded the award to the Rotary Club of Orchid City in recognition of their achievements in the workplace. President Surjya Bannerjee, Secretary Dr Reema Diengdoh and other office bearers of the party were the chief guests.
Other speakers at the meeting were the former Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa,im Laborius Syiem.
The arrested persons are Teimon Chyrmang of Jalaphet, Chemi Phawa of Myntdu and Lorisloma Siangshai of Wapung School.
District Police Chief R. Muthu said that the arrest of the suspect was led by Additional SP LM Sangma and Inspector CD Shira. you don't need money.
However, we look forward to peace and the promotion of the peace of the people of the country to survive.
Shillong, Nailar 21: The Chief Secretary of Assam and Meghalaya today held a meeting to discuss the border settlement issue between the Chief Minister of Assam and Meghalaya. There are three states.
On this occasion, the GM of NEEPCO inaugurated the Madan and at the same time handed over the Syrnod to the Waheh Shnong of Iooksi Iapkhla. This is the field of the Shnong.
This special meeting will be held on the first day of next month.
“It is clear that the Swachhata Hi Seva, 2023 campaign has revived the volunteerism of the people.
The most important part has started to reach the peace talks and this is ongoing and will continue according to the rules until it is reached and as it is now there is progress between the government and the HNLC. The Chief Minister of Meghalaya has expressed his gratitude to the Central Government for taking this decision to reduce the implementation of this Act which has affected the states of the North East. India.
With this donation from SBI of ICAR Branch Umiam, CORP has been able to continue to help the poor families who have been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. .
Meghalaya, which has two seats including Shillong and Tura in Phase-I, will vote jointly with the states of Arunachal Pradesh, Andaman and Nicobar Islands, Andhra Pradesh, Chandigarh, Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman and Diu (DNH&DD), Delhi, Goa, Gujarat, Himachal Pradesh, Haryana, Kerala, Lakshadweep, Ladakh, Mizoram, Meghalaya, Nagaland, Puducherry, Sikkim, Tamil Nadu, Punjab, Telangana, Uttarakhand, Karnataka, Rajasthan Tripura, Manipur, Chhattisgarh, Assam, Odisha, Central Pradesh, Jharkhand, Maharashtra, Jammu & Kashmir, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar & West Bengal.
The above is part of the Sample Thup-adong Kyntokam for the purpose of restricting political parties and candidates in the conduct of the elections to the Legislative Assembly in the State.
Regarding the staff in the offices, there is a shortage of staff and this has put the students in trouble and instead of appointing staff in the offices, NEHU has handed over the jobs to the private individuals.
Shillong, July 04: In a statement sent by Hubert Riang, Secretary and Division President of the HSPDP Nongkrem Constituency, on Tuesday, the HSPDP Nongkrem Constituency on Tuesday said that the party in Nongkrem.
During the investigation, these two men have confessed that they are involved in trained robbers, including cutting down Sal trees, stealing motorcycles and two wheelers. and to steal the wheat from the fields.
A source said that police have seized the necessary documents including a register containing the names of more than 100 people who have been registered as members of the group after the arrest of one of the leaders of the group.
“According to a letter sent to the Assistant Commandant of BSF, Muktapur, on the 12th of this month and a copy sent to the Sub-Divisional Officer (SDO) Amlarem Civil Subdivision, the union wants and desires that Every Assistant Commandant Level should have such committees between the Border Security Force (BSF) and the Border Rangbah Shnongs within the jurisdiction of the Asst Commandant,” said the union.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the SDO of Sohra said that Section 144 CrPC has been enforced in Ichamati and police are still on duty in the area to maintain peace and order in the area. area.
Regarding the rape of a woman in Tura, she said the NCW has registered the incident and the investigation will continue to find out the truth. that if it were their free will it would have nothing to say.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya and the Federation of Khasi States, led by Bah John F Kharshiing, Bah HL Ryntathiang, Rangbah Shnong Lyngiong, Bah J Khyriemujat, Rangbah Shnong, Nongmadan, Smit, today 18th May 2018, in a meeting with Shri James PK Sangma, Minister, Law Department, District Council, Home, etc. All the documents relating to the demand under the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement, IOA and AA and urged the Government of Meghalaya to look into and respond to the Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India, letter received from MHA dated 18 July 2012; 14Oct 2014; and 27Nov 2014 relating to the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement dated 17th August 1948, which has been in force for more than 90 years.
On the other hand, Bah Kharraswai added that this is the beginning of the celebration of Christmas and to welcome the incarnation of the child Jesus, and a happy new year.
In the 12th Five Year Plan, the target is to increase the electricity generation in the North East to 88,537 MW with 26,180 MW from the Central Government and 15,530 MW from the state government and 46,825 from private companies.
The Government should forgive half of the agricultural loan such as KCC loan and other agricultural loans for the financial year 2019-21 and 2020-2
The name of Bah Air Marshall was approved at the General Council Meeting held on the 28th of last month at Kensohshan village in the presence of the office bearers of 62 Primary Units.
Shillong, Lber 21: The residents of Marmain-Umden road have been facing difficulties due to the fact that the road has been repaired by covering the ground and when it rains, the road has turned hands. come to the problem.
According to police, the petrol bombs targeted two lyntang houses near the road but due to the explosion, these houses escaped damage.
Nongpoh, Naitung 18: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) North Khasi Hills District Unit (KSU) on Tuesday celebrated the 179th birth anniversary of Syiem Tirot Singh. The Students' Union (SSU) has laid a wreath at the memorial of the Khlawait of Khasi-Jaintia Hills District, Ri Bhoi District today. JNV School, Iangbari, Ri-Bhoi District, which was witnessed by the leaders of the JNV from the district.
And once again at this special meeting I congratulate the Prime Minister for his goal for our country and for every citizen of this great country.
Speaker Dr Donkupar Roy put the motion before the House by voice vote and the government led by Conrad won the vote. .
"Therefore, the task is more urgent because words, even a single comma can change the meaning of a decision and it will have to be done properly," he said. do now.
During their visit to Delhi, they also sent a petition to the Minister of Home Affairs of India expressing their opposition to the CAB. The CAB has been released only in the Sixth Schedule areas while the CAB will not be implemented in the Sixth Schedule areas. Meghalaya should release the whole state and not half of it.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: U Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government should take the example of Bodo Land, Nagaland and encourage the insurgents to surrender. police as part of one of the measures to help these youths who have been misled and have now returned to live on the right path.
The meeting was conducted by Minister Sohtun and included speeches by the Rangbah Shnong of Mylliem, Rangbah Raid Nongkseh, Rait Laban and there were also songs to enrich the opening ceremony. you don't have your own religion.
It is their duty to find ways and means to bring back human dignity on the right path.
He said that if it is found that any political party or the INC has links with any rebel group whether it is the HNLC or the GNLA or other rebel groups, it will be clear. They don't have the authority and if anyone does, they have to take responsibility and the laws of the state will apply.
The KSU's inspection revealed that the state government's claim that it is ready to fight against this disease is wrong.
Police have arrested three persons, seized three mobile phones, seized a bus, registered a complaint and investigation is ongoing to track down the suspects. don k hand in these evil deeds.
The purpose of this emergency meeting was to discuss the proposal of the State Government. At this meeting, we unanimously decided to oppose the proposal of the State Government to dismiss the DC. The EJHD. The civil society organizations of East Jaintia Hills District have expressed their regret that the purpose of transferring him is to maintain the development works of the government in the district. The service of Bah E.Kharmalki as DC of EJHD is a blessing to the District.
Delhi, November 15: Prime Minister Narendra Modi met US President Joseph R. Biden at the G-20 Leaders' Summit in Bali today.
Shillong, K.Lyngkot 06: The President of the Hynniewtrep People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) on Tuesday said that the party's meeting to discuss the issue of unity said that to unite under one flag is still more difficult.
The violence has increased because the people have been subjected to the Sixth Schedule, through the Autonomous District Councils since 1952, which has been celebrated in the air without understanding that it is only a dress code to promote the customs and traditions. .
Manipur won one gold medal in the U-55kg category through Arubam Kishan Singh; Mizoram also won one gold medal through Lalremmuana in the U-59kg category; Arunachal Pradesh won by Nared Jomoh in the U-63kg category.
This road is 90 km long and once completed it will be only 60 km long.
The record of these three is poor.
The Amrit Mahotsav is a celebration of the great achievements of India in just 75 years.
The house of Kong Airis Syiem Shangoi at Mawiong Rim Lumpyllon, which was previously a small house, has been covered with a blanket. plastic bags were distributed to the owners on the 21st July
Although the ANVC(B) has alleged that the incident was carried out by the GNLA, the BSF is still searching for the perpetrators to arrest them. to punish according to law.
He said that more than 800 contract teachers have been dismissed. He said that more teachers from Garo Hills will arrive tomorrow morning to take part in the strike to demand that the government should not allow them to leave. employ them if it is no longer teaching jobs just to support the family.
Shillong, March 24: The Vice President of the Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) Bah Kyllang Thongni on Tuesday expressed his concern over the government's failure to follow up on the behavior of Bengalis from abroad. The state, especially posted through the Twitter account of former Governor Tathagata Roy.
The party alleged that the attempt to forcibly mine uranium by anyone will be taken as an attempt to destroy the Jaitbynriew and therefore, urged the members of the Jaitbynriew not to allow this.
Shillong, November 29: A team of 21 personnel from the Navy has arrived in East Jaintia Hills District today at Lumthari. 15 people have been allowed to enter the coal mine since the 13th of this month.
On the other hand, the DC has also asked them to come to the office to register once they have registered.
On the other hand, the market dwellers and the HYNF who visited the area found the presence of these paia in the area and gave 24 hours notice to the office of the Syiem of Myllime Hima. The Hima has also ordered the immediate cut down of three paia trees planted in the area.
The questions raised by the Congress party to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi are whether the Narendra Modi government has signed a social agreement with the NSCN(IM) by violating the independence of the people. Has this government agreed to give up its own flag for the Nagas and passports for the Nagas and to grant freedom to the Nagas as promised by the NSCN(IM) leader? ?.
Tura, Naitung 23: Police in West Garo Hills District have arrested four senior supporters of the GNLA from Tura after monitoring their movements for a long time.
Following those incidents in the District, NHIDCL has decided to provide special training to the youth of the area in terms of jobs so that the people of the District can benefit.
Minister Duh gave examples of sacred and historical sites that are being developed across the country.
Shillong, Naiwieng 07: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today inaugurated the building constructed to increase the number of classrooms at Khadsawphra College, Mairang, Eastern West Khasi Hills District. In his speech, the Chief Minister said that Khadsawphra College has the potential to become one of the educational institutions in the area to develop the students. young men shall be as a guide to the young men.
He recalled that his father, PA Sangma, used to say that to develop Meghalaya, it is necessary to strengthen education.
After a long discussion on this issue in which all the members participated, the dorbar decided to hold seminars and public hearings across the Bri u Hynniew Trep.
to accelerate the release of funds 3.
He said that the KHADC will register the vendors under three conditions, firstly, the place where they sell should be clean, secondly, it will cover those who walk and stand and thirdly, it will not be clean. to the movement of vehicles.
Synsar farmers from Riwar and other areas are able to support their children in school and to support their families through synsar farming.
Police have taken action to track down the perpetrators.
In the petition, the union demanded that the government should take action and provide assistance to those affected by this disaster.
Farmers like Bah Marwein in Meghalaya hope that the coronavirus crisis will end soon and tourism in the state will resume so that they can get adequate prices for their produce. .
The President of the Kur, Bah NR Thabah, said that on this day, there will be many programmes.
The residents of Kher Sohlap are urged not to go out on the streets or to sit on the streets of the village but to stay at home except for those who have work to do. urgent and sick.
There are 29,000 GST taxpayers in the state.
Shillong, Nailur 11: The Meghalaya Schools Welfare Development Association (MSWDA) has decided to monitor the National Education Policy (NEP) and the Meghalaya State Education Policy (MSEP) and also to discuss with the State Government on the issue. of Secondary Schools and especially to follow the speech of the Chief Minister Conrad K. Sangma at the Independence Day celebrations last month.
Speaking to reporters, Rakkam A Sangma said that since last month, the Ministry of Education has held a meeting with the Headmasters of various educational institutions to send their signatures. NEP 2020 for the academic year 2023-2
The union also demanded to set up a special scheme for the construction of a ropeway to the remote areas especially to the Riwar area due to the problem of transportation.
By promoting vacancies is against the purpose of the Policy to regulate the Administrative Duties as mentioned in Para 1 of the Policy.
To reduce such errors and problems, the CoWIN platform will introduce a new 4 digit security code feature in the CoWIN app from 8th June, .
The Seng is also deeply saddened by the death of Bah R.Waroh Pde who is one of the rishot in the songwriting whose Sneng words in the songs are still alive today.
There is a report that NEIGRIHMS has sent pediatric cases to other hospitals in the state.
The Achik Mother's Association (AMA), Tura has expressed its deep concern over the situation in Garo Hills. pump has stirred up the crowd of pedestrians.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) will start polling for the first phase on 19th June 2024 in 21 states and union territories.
“The work done in Varanasi in the last seven years has not been done in the last decade,” he said.
He said that in this cooperation there was no problem in running the government, what there were comments here and there was the speech from them as private individuals and this happens in public administration.
They have already discussed this issue with the MBOSE and the MBOSE has agreed to look into the price.
To strengthen this work, the government has increased the number of health workers, such as ANMs and ASHAs by 1.6 lakh and 9 lakh respectively. The Government has created many measures to provide health care and even to treat newborns in the homes of the people.
“Although I did not get the ticket from the HSPDP, I will not back down because I cannot thank the supporters after I have decided to contest the election,” he said. “I have not yet taken any decision to contest from any party,” he said when asked whether he will join other political parties to get a ticket.
The Minister said that this assistance will be T.5000/- tyngka each only those who have to be in a group and as a group should be five or more people, this amount as a group can be treated as a fee when they carry out any work.
Jana said that according to the letter of appointment, it was for five days.
This body is so decomposed that it is no longer recognizable as a human being.
In this regard, it was decided to hold a public meeting on the 30th July 2019 at the Parking Lot Jaiaw in Motphran at 12 noon.
The Chief Electoral Officer of the state, Bah Frederick R.Kharkongor, said that the polling day will be on the 24th of March.
The investigation revealed that many Bangladeshis had already entered India but the BSF troops had fled to Bangladesh. Bangladeshis have accepted the opportunity to enter India.
However, the Long Answer students have to answer 3 questions from History and Geography and 2 questions from Civics and Economics.
The Dorbar Shnongs and civil society organizations of Mawlai strongly condemn the police for forcibly taking the life of Bah Cheris and that they don't even know his children and have turned them into robbers.
Many of these minerals that are recognized as atomic minerals are used in non-atomic activities.
There have been Rangbahkurs from different parts of Ri Khasi Hills who have gathered to form branches and branches from West Khasi Hills and East Khasi Hills have been confirmed in
Halen Nongtdu, a young man from Byndihati, East Jaintia Hills District, who was appointed as the first Youth Ambassador in 2021, is the first Youth Ambassador of India. Mumbai City-FC on Saturday honored the Hero Indian Super League (ISL) footballer who played for the Hero Indian Super League (ISL). jaiñtlem, that jaiñtlem.
All the districts in the country are ready to receive people who have questions about loan options and enrollment under various Government schemes.
“The number of ministers will not be the same but there will be a change in the number of government ministers because the numbers have changed and this is not because they have forgotten them but they need to work together,” he said. that he called them to work together.
The Chief Minister said that this book will benefit even those who are involved in politics. He said that Rev Bishop Thomas is indeed a great man of the North East. , great men don’t just mean those in politics.
The letter was signed by Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development.
Bless Dkhar said that after receiving the complaint, the party has taken action to announce that they will kill Synshar Khymdeit. I met with the leaders of the party at the office.
Dr. D Momin, M&HO, Ri-Bhoi District, Dr. D Momin, M&HO, Ri-Bhoi District, Bah PS Muktieh, SMI, and Mrs. M Sukhalin, Co-Coordinator, Futures Group India Pvt.
At this meeting, the CEM informed the group that a draft has been prepared for the Regional Council under the Sixth Schedule without a party.
David Kharsati, Member of the National Council and Wankitbok Pohshna, State General Secretary, were also present to encourage and encourage the meeting.
Bah Lambo Thank You.
The BSF said that these nine cows are worth 100,000 tyngka. The BSF has also seized 10 cows from Iew Mythi. These two places fall under the East. Khasi Hills District.
Dr Bansod, while answering questions, said that this disease is often believed to be the fault of someone else, but their research has found that there is no such thing, the reason is bay m didn't look good when I was born.
Police of West Garo Hills District have seized 11.7 liters of liquor and T.8,96,500 cash from a Maruti car (AS-34-0
Speaking at the meeting, the Commissioner and Secretary to the Governor, Dr BDR Tiwari, spoke on the development of Sikkim in many aspects and also told the story of how the Hima Sikkim became a state. the 22nd state of India on this day in
Speaking to reporters, the MLA of Laitumkhrah strongly condemned the incident and said that she has directed the police department to register a case on the incident and conduct a thorough investigation. the people involved in this matter should fall into the chains of the law.
In the order issued today, it was found that if they continue to do the same even after being fined, the trade will be immediately banned.
Journalists should have a responsibility in publishing any news and the news they write is for the benefit of the general public.
The first Chief Justice of Meghalaya said that her job is to establish a Fast Track Court in the state.
“Every household has stickers.
The KSU Mawlai has alleged that the KSU Mawlai has handed over these three foreigners to Meghalaya by smuggling vehicles to escape the search by the police. Mawlai Police Station on Saturday.
The Congress government in Meghalaya has not honored the NCP in the last three years.
In this regard, Mukul Sangma in a statement to the media on Thursday said he would wait for the Legal Notice and look into what provisions have been sent to him.
Therefore, the union urges the government authorities to allocate staff and also to increase the number of beds at the two Corona Care Centers in the district so that it will be easier to prepare for the COVID-19 pandemic.
On the border, the Government of Meghalaya and Assam have said that the status quo should be maintained and respected.
One family sends rice, dai for the wedding, another sends jhur, the third brings some items.
Ricaldinus admitted that dozens of buses from Assam arrive in Sohra and Dawki areas almost every Saturday. .
Shillong, Lber 11: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, in response to a question raised by George B Lyngdoh MLA on the report that there are children. who were employed in factories in Umaim.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today responded to the debate on the Budget for the year 2024-2025 in the Legislative Assembly. authority according to this present age in which there is a relationship with the people.
The event seeks to recognize and show appreciation for the hard work, dedication and determination of organizations and individuals to give to the local health care system.
Twirlele Wood Kharbuli said that during these days of celebration, there are many opinions from foreign intellectuals as well as from within the state. students to take an interest in learning in scientific subject.
“After receiving the directive from the Lokayukta, Anil Sangma, MPS (Rtd.) who is a member of the Inquiry Wing of the Lokayukta has conducted a thorough investigation and sent the investigation report to the Lokayukta. According to the findings of the investigation report, the Lokayukta has imposed sanctions on the above mentioned MDCs, contractors and employees of GHADC,” said Kingstone.
At the same time, on the Reservation Policy, he said that it has been in force for 50 years.
They know only how to take advantage of the righteous and the wicked.
Gadkari warned that the authorities have faced difficulties in land acquisition in some states of the North East like Meghalaya and Nagaland and projects could be shut down if not these problems can be removed immediately.
ADB will spend $40 million to improve the Aganwadis and the improvement will be for 2000 Aganwadis at a cost of more or less T.60 crore. Of these, 266 Aganwadis will be rehabilitated. and 547 813 bdoh distribution centres.
Not only that, when the public wants to open an account, it takes months to get a passbook.
The Superintendent of Police, Bah Hubert G Lyngdoh, has taken the initiative to speak on behalf of the villagers. and the government authorities inside Bangladesh to track down the kidnappers and release Bah Ricky Marwein.
The FKJGP has demanded that the Department of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary should proceed with the implementation of this project for the safety and security of the people despite the obstacles faced by the government. Animal Transport Rules 2001 under Rules 97 & 98 and should not listen to anyone as it is for the benefit of the public.
As the Village Authorities we understand that there are those who need to receive assistance, but it will not be through MUDA. Therefore, the meeting calls for your full support to work together with the Village Authorities to avoid the transformation of the Riti ka Dustur which has been alive for a long time.
They said they had left Mawlyndep village to pick up their daughter who had gone to play with her husband and while they were sitting in the car they encountered the tragic incident.
Other office bearers are Soki Syrti, Banskhemlang Marwein, Edna Callista Kharsyntiew, Naphisabet Marwein and Bashankur Buhroy.
Police have arrested two persons, seized two mobile phones and an ATM, police have arrested two suspected drug traffickers.
Shillong, March 01: Police in East Jaintia Hills District today seized machines and materials for the manufacture of illegal drugs. .
After serving in the department for 30 years, he has retired and decided to contest as one of the MLA candidates from Mawhati constituency.
To try and encourage us to take our bags from home when we go shopping.
Other office bearers are Prof Bijoy K Danta of Tezpur University, Prof GS Solanki of Mizoram University as Vice Chairman and members of the Executive Committee include Dr Tapas Medhi (Tezpur), Dr E Kangaraj (Mizoram) and other officials are from Sikkim University, Rajiv Gandhi University, Nagaland University, Assam University, and Tripura University.
Shillong, Nailur 01: The Joint Action Committee of All Teachers' Associations (JACATAM) has decided to hold a public meeting of teachers at Madan Malki on the 5th Teachers' Day.
In a letter sent to the Secretary General of the Lok Sabha, he said that on the 13th of this month, 15 people were killed in a coal mine. in the Eastern Hills.
Jowai, Naiwieng 28: There are four candidates from the BJP and Congress for the 1-War East MDC Constituency in the mid-term elections to be held on November , UDP and independent candidates.
At the same time, the chief guest said that he has requested the CEM of JHADC, Ma Thombor Shiwat to allocate Rs 10 lakh for the fencing and footpath of the dorbar hall. He also urged the elders of this Elaka to have unity for any good cause of the community because if they don't have that unity they will be defeated by others. At the same time, he said that if there are any problems of this Elaka, he is ready to work together.
He said that the revenue collection from the government's revenue department alone will amount to T.1478 crore.
The Chief Minister congratulated the Mawlai Pyllun Youth Association for continuing to provide services to the people of the area. Mawlai MDC Teibor Pathaw and the people of Mawlai Village.
Nilbath D. Sangma, Meghalaya, Sengrik D. Sangma, Meghalaya, Walgrik M. Momin, Meghalaya and Jinjash have been selected for the Sarvottam Jeevan Raksha Padak. D.Marak, Meghalaya, the winner of the Jeevan Raksha Padak is Ridondor Lyngdoh, Meghalaya.
On the reduction in VAT on ATF (Aviation Turbine Fuel), the Minister said, “The Government of Arunachal Pradesh has also reduced VAT on ATF (Aviation Turbine Fuel) from 20%. to 1% after an online meeting with the Prime Minister, Pema Khandu.
Referring to the decision of the Supreme Court, the Leader of the Opposition, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that the government has misled the people in the which is related to the mining of coal.
In the 105th session of the Mann Ki Baat, the Prime Minister urged that there should be a 10 hour shramdaanna for the purpose of cleanliness at 10 pm on the 1st of March by all the people to celebrate the 'swachhanjali' ' to Bapuha the day before your Jayanti.
It is learned that not only have they taken away the farmland but they have also destroyed the water tanks which supply water to Rajai-A and Mawpyllun villages. the wild elephants will.
DHEO, East Khasi Hills, Kong O Summer in her speech, explained about traditional food for body building, mental development and the fight against anemia.
He said that Myntri Rangbah Duh had said that by bringing about a change in thinking and providing opportunities, we will achieve victory and this is happening now.
Shillong, June 15: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that 50 tests sent to the Guwahati Medical College (GMC) have been negative.
While the police are investigating how the General Secretary of the CWC has admitted that the killing of Esan Singh and Sujit Dutta was carried out by KSU members, the HNYF has seen that this is a crime. it is a plot to divide the nation which they cannot accept to bring about national division.
The areas under the jurisdiction of Sardar Police Station are Police Bazar, Jail Road Keating Road and Polo. , Qualapaty, Cantonment, Boucher Road, Mawlong Hat Boucher Road except the areas outside Umsherpi Bridge.
Shillong, November 17: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today met with the NCC youth from the North Eastern Region of India who took part in the North Eastern Region Trek Assam Regimental Center Light.
The Government has launched many different schemes to help the people as we have seen through the media while in the same media we have seen that there have been many schemes. misuse of public rights.
After several meetings last month, the residents have decided to ask the authorities to recognize Dong Moopyniein as a Dorbar Shnong under the provisions of the Act. clearly stated above.
During the visit, the committee met with the officers of the state-owned dewbilat company, where the state government has decided to shut down the dewbilat factory.
“All this is to mislead the people,” said the BJP, “because the present government under the leadership of the BJP has looked after the North East of India where it has spent money. T.53,706 crore for the development of this area and the people have now started turning to this government to mislead the people. to the feelings of the people.
: The 19th Joint Military Exercise between the Indian and Mongolian Armies through the Nomadic Elephant started on Tuesday at the Foreign Training Node, Umroi.
What happened yesterday should be taken action by the Meghalaya government because what happened is against the minorities, insulting women, and violation of human rights. He said that he strongly condemns this action of the Assam police.
It is learned that during the meeting, the Chief Minister's Secretary, Prestone Tynsong, told the party leaders that there is no talk to bring a railway line to the Khasi and Jaintia Hills. such a purpose.
The present EC will work hard to stop the giving of jait kpa, as it is now more than 5000 people have given jait kpa and as a nation it is derived from the mother and this should be stopped.
Kenmynsaw, July 06: The Seng Khasi Kenmynsaw (Synteiñ) has held its 12th Anniversary Celebration this year at Raikohmit Dance Ground on the 31st November, 2017 with various festivals starting from the 28th November, November 2017 between the heat and the cold.
Regarding the Skill Labor Training funded by the government, the government should review its working methods.
At this meeting it was found that there are seven villages which do not have schools, other villages which have private schools which are LP schools and SSA schools but these schools do not have school buildings. fine.
During the curfew, the government has also strengthened security forces in the areas of Motphran which have been severely affected by the protests. The Curfew shall not be imposed.
Under the leadership of Bah Raphael Warjri, paintings from all over the region were displayed to showcase their culture to the world.
In July 2006, as the then CEM of KHADC, he signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with UCIL and R. Gupta who was the Chairman and Managing Director of UCIL at that time.
To get control of the 30-member House, you need a majority of 16 members.
On the other hand, the journalists urged the Chief Minister of Assam Tarun Gogoi and the Chief Minister of Meghalaya Dr Mukul Sangma to find ways how to publish this newspaper by talking to them. owner of the newspaper.
“Silbi Passah has been a pride for the entire North East,” said Susuki Pariat, President of the Meghalaya BJP Women's Morcha.
This festival is like a gathering of the people where different kingdoms have come to take part in this two day festival to showcase their respective cultures. they.
The Search and Rescue Team (SRT) on receiving information about the incident immediately rushed to the village to rescue the people who were trapped in the landslide. inside the home, Police said.
The Government should also provide ASHA workers with benefits such as Provident Fund, Employees Insurance Scheme (ESI), pension and other benefits that ASHA workers in other states of the country should receive.
As God is preserving the uniqueness of the Ri-Lum, the Mei Ri-San (Territory) to get sovereignty according to the uniqueness of the language, religion, The Khasi-Pnar people have the right to have their own state, the longtrai-mantrai on the land, the traditional administration and other characteristics. Khasi-Jaintia State.
All teams have their role to play and recognizing these roles when setting the goal front of mind is paramount.
Speaking to reporters at Madan Student's Jaiaw, AMSSASTA President Lastforuse Marngar said that there are more than 12,000 SSA teachers in the state. one they have not received their salary for five months.
This decision was announced by Bah Lurshai Tohtih, Member of the Executive Committee of the Mawlyngbna Dorbar Shnong and Secretary of the Mawlyngbna Multi Purpose Society.
Shillong, March 02: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today celebrated the 150th birth anniversary of the father of the nation. Mahatma Gandhi by laying flowers at his statue at the Main Secretariat Shillong in the presence of state government officials.
He said that what happened in 1979 and 1992 has been forgotten.
She said that the MSHA will work hard to promote hockey in the state and to provide the needs of the players so that they can improve in this sport. The tournament started every day in four parts of Shillong including Laitumkhrah, Umpling, Jaiaw Students Field and Pynthorumkhrah.
The 144 CrPC has been issued immediately after many trucks carrying excessive loads pass through this bridge. since the publication of this announcement.
Therefore, 'Don't be afraid, but don't be afraid, don't be afraid' is the 'tienphira'
The meeting was attended by Syiems, Sirdars, Lyngdohs, Ministers, Sordars and Rangbah Shnongs along with Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Dorbar of Chiefs of Ri Hynniewtrep. During the meeting, the Syiems, Sirdars, Lyngdohs, Ministers, Sordars and Rangbah Shnongs said that the teacher, who came to research the election methods in India especially in Meghalaya, said that They have not taken part in the MDC, MLA, or MP elections in India because the Dorbars are party less and as of now they are only spectators of the election. The KHADC Act 1959 prohibits Chief Executive Members from participating in elections.
New Delhi, Jymmang 02: The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs, chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, has approved the upgradation and improvement of integrated terminals at Chennai, Guwahati and Lucknow to cost Rs 2467 crore, Rs 1383 crore and Rs 1232 crore.
He said the MPCC has appointed Bah PN Syiem to write complaints against the NPP-led MDA government to speak to the people because they have not been able to fulfill their election promises.
He said that the construction of the remaining building is only to erect the Dom which is the building of the dorbar hall. They will arrive in the state at the end of next month.
The Fair Play Award and the Most Disciplinary Team Trophy were won by Umling Umsarang.
And we will be the agents of this great change.
If anyone stands in this place, the fine will be T.500 tyngka.
The union will continue to monitor the foreigners who have come to settle in Mairang and urged the village leaders to be vigilant and not to allow foreigners to settle in Mairang without the necessary facilities. the village.
The CM promised to open the Police Station and the Mawshynrut Civil Sub-Division after the 2017 Budget Session.
For the first year of this Engagement Group, India has three common reports. There is a lot of information about starups and their activities in G20 countries. see these guidelines to prepare the Handbook for Startups to strengthen the construction of Startup2
There has also been a huge loss of agricultural products such as kwai, tympew, synsar, sohphan and others which has affected the income of the farmers due to the road and especially the harassment of the farmers in the country. price of the wall.
The Seng also clarified that these youths were not arrested as alleged by the police that they were arrested while they were walking to the Weight Bridge but they were arrested from the shop while they were trying to eat.
Latiplang promised to work together and not to be partial.
The families of the victims have already sent a letter to the SDO Mairang Sub Division Office but no action has been taken for the victims. pot.
He said that the jaidbynriew has defeated the Indian government in the Hills State struggle.
The Chief Minister said that as of now the Khasi and Garo languages ​​are on the rise and this language has been studied up to the PhD level and the government has included it in the policy of the Ministry of Education to strengthen the education of Since the Khasi and Garo languages ​​were introduced in 1842 and the Garo languages ​​in 1860, the Department of Culture and Heritage has also It is after 46 years of independence that the Government has decided to demand the recognition of the Khasi language under the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution. the government of India.
“These incidents have reminded the KSU of the past in the 70s, 80s and 90s when the Dkhars attacked the Khasi with the intention of causing the Khasi to flee. and Shillong.
This seed production center has been funded through the RIDF and is working well and many farmers have benefited from this seed production center to plant seeds for their needs.
When I talked to the Secretary of the Ministry of Home Affairs, the new Office Memorandum is still under preparation so how can you proceed to invite applications from the youth,” said Bah Nongrum. further confuse the young applicants.
On the signing of the soskular with NTPC in 2007, the Minister of Power said that it should be understood that India is a country with a federal structure. This means that the State Government also has the authority to say no to what affects the people of the State.
He said he understands that there will be successful startups and unicorns from the North East.
He said that the time taken for recruitment under staff selection has been reduced by half.
The Minister also visited the government farm in Upper Shillong and the dairy farm in Mawiong.
The JSU said that many of the students from distant villages who wanted to stay in the hostel but it has been difficult for the students to stay in the hostel because until now the hostel has been destroyed and no one has been accepted. any maintenance on the part of the government.
To count the party supporters in every village is very dangerous.
In 2021, the National Crime Records Bureau reported that there were 51,863 cases under the POCSO Act.
Shillong, July 27: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today announced that a soldier from Bihar has tested positive for COVID-1 in Shillong.
More than 800 people from all over the world have attended the conference.
After seeing the plan of the Napoh Karbi Anglong Church to build the school within the border of Meghalaya, the Seng strongly opposed and blocked the plan.
With this victory, he will now represent Meghalaya in the tournament to be held in Kolkata on the 9th and 10th of November.
Christostom said that every village in Meghalaya will receive 10 mbps broadband from the National Optical Fiber Network and the implementation of this scheme is progressing and within a year they will be able to complete it. plan.
